The surge in political non-fictionIt has been the year of political non-fiction with insider accounts by decision-makers and those with access to them. And more books are on their way.
 
Congress president Sonia Gandhi had told reporters in July that she will write her own book – to bring out the whole ‘truth’. It is not known if she has started working on it though.
 
Veteran party leaders M L Fotedar and R K Dhawan, and former Delhi CM Sheila Dixit are writing their autobiographies. Former external affairs minister Salman Khurshid announced on Friday he is finishing an account of the UPA years. Former minister Jairam Ramesh is writing three policy-focused books - on land issues, Maoists, and rural India. Congress leader and former minister Manish Tewari confirmed to HT that he is writing a book on the social transformation of the past decade and its political impact.
 
Manmohan Singh’s former media advisor and veteran journalist Harish Khare’s memoirs of the 2014 elections – How Modi won it - will be out by the end of the year. Senior journalist Vinod Mehta’s book, Editor Unplugged- Media, Magnates, Netas and Me, is all set to be released next month.
 
It is striking that while most books so far have targeted the Congress, or exposed its vulnerabilities and mistakes at a time when its fortunes were declining, the next phase of books are being written by leaders primarily from the party itself. Some will be a defense of its record like Khurshid’s; but Congressmen are curiously and anxiously waiting to read Fotedar and Dhawan’s accounts too – both have been close to the Nehru-Gandhi family for decades. And if they decide to tell all, many secrets will come tumbling out.
 
The year began with Sanjaya Baru writing about his years as media advisor to Manmohan Singh in UPA-1. The book, for its revelations on the dual power structure, drew attention with Narendra Modi referring to it repeatedly in his campaign speeches. Natwar Singh’s memoirs which claimed that Rahul Gandhi had prevented his mother from taking over as PM in 2004 and Vinod Rai’s account of his years as CAG were out next. Manmohan Singh’s daughter, Daman, wrote his biography. And senior television journalist Rajdeep Sardesai’s account of the 2014 polls – drawing on his familiarity with Modi since 1990 – spun together a narrative of the campaign in quick time.
 
While such books have long been a regular fare in the west – with multiple accounts of high politics in Washington for instance – it is a relatively recent trend in India. What explains the spate of non-fiction books?
 
Kapish Mehra, MD of Rupa Publications, which published both Natwar Singh and Rai’s books, says that India is maturing. “Contrarian perspectives are now acceptable, and people are willing to pen down their accounts.” But the market is driving it too. “Singh’s book has sold 70-80,000 copies and Rai has sold over 40,000. General audiences are lapping it up.” Baru’s book too hit the bestseller list soon after its release.
 
There is now an eco-system which can support such books. There are more publishers in the market – Penguin published Baru and Sardesai, Hachette is bring out Khare’s book. There is greater media attention – with news channels, newspapers and social media lapping up new details. This helps generate awareness about the book in the larger public sphere, driving sales. There is a very large pool of the English-reading population segment, interested in current affairs. There are also more distributors, retailers, online stores which can support a high volume of books.
 
Tewari agrees it is a healthy trend. But he adds, “This is good as long as it is bereft of political opportunism and is not a book masquerading as a CV – looking for a job in the new dispensation.” 
 
A senior publishing source admitted that they have to be careful not to print books which are driven solely by ‘vendetta’. But another books editor, who did not want to be named, said, “Look people write because of complex motivations. Our aim is to bring out as candid an account as possible. Baru or Natwar Singh may have been angry with Congress, but their books have enriched public discourse.”
 
When asked why similar tell-all books on BJP are not out, he added, “Let them be in power for a while, let contradictions emerge, people nursing grievances will write then.”
Former external affairs minister K Natwar Singh has penned an autobiography ‘One Life is not Enough’. (Raj K Raj/HT photo)

Russian TV channel says photos show MH17 shot down by fighter jetprint
Pro-Russian gunmen stand guard as Dutch investigators (unseen) arrive near parts of the Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17 at the crash site near the Grabove village in eastern Ukraine. (AFP photo)
Russian state-controlled TV has broadcast what it called "sensational" photographs, which it said supported Moscow's theory that Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 was shot down by a Ukrainian fighter jet.
Several commentators who have examined the photographs have described them as forgeries, however.
The photographs, said to be taken by a Western satellite, appear to show a fighter jet firing a missile at a passenger plane over eastern Ukraine where the Malaysian airliner was shot down on July 17, killing all 298 people on board.
Moscow has long said it believed the aircraft was destroyed by a Ukrainian military jet, while Western officials say evidence suggests the plane was hit by a Russian-made surface-to-air missile fired by pro-Russian separatist rebels.
The photographs were aired on a Friday evening news show "Odnako", which said they had been sent to a Russian expert by a man called George Bilt, who had presented himself as a graduate from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT).
"We have at our disposal sensational photographs presumably made by a foreign spy satellite in the last seconds of the Malaysian Boeing's flight over Ukraine," Channel One presenter Dmitry Borisov said.
"The pictures support that version which has hardly been heard in the West."
Since being aired by Channel One, the photographs have met with widespread scepticism.
An anti-Russian protester holds placards at a rally during the G-20 in Brisbane, Australia. The protesters staged the rally against the downing of Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17 over eastern Ukraine on July 17 this year. (AP Photo)
 
Andrei Menshenin, a commentator for independent Russian radio station Ekho Moskvy, called the TV report a "pseudo-sensation", and said the angle of attack indicated by the photographs did not correspond to the location of the damage.
Bellingcat, a British investigative journalism website, described the photographs as "a crude fabrication", highlighting what it said were several inconsistencies, which included signs that the photos had been partly compiled from historical Google Earth imagery dating from 2012.
During the course of the Ukraine crisis Russian state television has frequently aired reports, sometimes including apparently sensational evidence, that back the Kremlin's version of events.
In July, an opinion poll by the Levada Centre polling agency said only three percent of Russians believed the Malaysian airliner was hit by rebels, with 82 percent saying it was shot down by the Ukrainian armed forces.
The publication of the photos came on the eve of a G20 summit in Brisbane, where President Vladimir Putin faces strong criticism from Western leaders for Russia's actions in Ukraine.

PM Modi urges  people-driven  reforms  seeks black money cooperation at G20 meetAt G20, Modi talks reforms, seeks black money cooperation
Agencies  Brisbane, November 15, 2014
First Published: 14:55 IST(15/11/2014) | Last Updated: 00:32 IST(16/11/2014)
Comments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi brought to the world stage his promise to bring back black money stashed abroad, pitching for global cooperation to tackle the menace at his first G20 summit on Saturday.
Heads of states and international organizations pose for the 'family photo' during the G20 Summit in Brisbane. (AFP Photo)
He told G20 leaders as well as heads of the five-nation BRICS bloc that “repatriation” of black money is his government’s priority and sent a message that economic reforms for tangible growth should be “people-centric and people-driven” and insulated from politics.
Modi underscored the security and economic challenges that slush funds pose to the international community and sought close coordination among the nations to achieve the objective of bringing back home Indian slush money kept hidden abroad.
“Repatriation of black money kept abroad is a key priority for us,” said the Prime Minister, one of the most sought-after leaders at the summit, who stood next to British premier David Cameron at the customary photo-op in a bandhgala with a pink pocket square masking the grey.
External affairs ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said it was the first time that the “security dimensions” of black money have been brought to focus. Modi’s pitch was in line with summit host Australia’s promise for a “very aggressive” crackdown on tax avoidance, which goes with India seeking strong action by the G20 nations against tax havens.
The two-day summit is being held at a time tax avoidance by multinational companies were reportedly organising tax-lowering deals with Luxembourg and pressure from anti-corruption advocates, urging the major economies to stem the flow of slush funds across borders.
Later in the day, Modi told fellow G20 leaders at a retreat hosted by his Australian counterpart Tony Abbott that economic reforms were handicapped by the perception of being government programmes and a burden on the people. He said this needs to change.
“Reform is bound to face resistance ... (it) must be insulated from political pressure,” Modi said and pointed out that it cannot be undertaken by “stealth”.
His comments in Brisbane come days before the start of the winter session of Parliament in which key but controversial legislations on opening up the pension and insurance sectors are expected to be taken up.
Modi also called for a common strategy to tackle global terrorism at meetings with French president Francois Hollande and Canadian prime minister Stephen Harper on the sidelines of the summit.
He told both leaders that religion should be delinked from terrorism.
Host Abbott got a Modi “jhappi” (hug) that the Australian media described as the “standout shake” of the summit — distinct from the formal handshakes.
The Australian leader posted a photo of Modi sharing a lighter moment with US President Barack Obama and himself during the retreat. “The BBQ lunch with @narendramodi and @BarackObama was an opportunity for #G20 Leaders to talk in a relaxed atmosphere,” Abbott posted.

Vladimir Putin to cut short G20 summit after rebukes overUkraineRussian President Vladimir Putin intends to cut short his attendance at G20 summit in Australia.
By: Agence-France Presse | Brisbane | Posted: November 15, 2014 11:31 pm
Russian President Vladimir Putin intends to cut short his attendance at G20 summit in Australia, an official said today, after he faced Western scorn and scepticism over Ukraine despite venturing to paper over Europe’s deepest chill in relations since the Cold War.
The abrupt decision threatens to upend the annual summit’s focus on revamping the global economy and addressing the Ebola epidemic in west Africa.
“The programme of the second day (Sunday) is changing, it’s being cut short,” a source in the Russian delegation told AFP on condition of anonymity.
Putin will attend summit sessions on Sunday but will skip an official lunch and address reporters earlier than planned, the source said, adding: “Lunch is more of an entertainment.”
But the Kremlin, mindful that Putin’s exit might further stoke tensions, quickly moved to quash speculation that the Russian strongman was leaving early and that “no one is putting pressure”.
“The G20 summit will be over tomorrow (Sunday), Putin will certainly leave it, when all the work is completed the president will leave,” Putin’s spokesman Dmitry Peskov said on Russian radio.
The Group of 20 nations, which includes the United States and China, found agreement in vowing to “extinguish” the Ebola outbreak — albeit without any promise of hard cash — as it worked to reboot growth in the world economy after the shock of the 2008 financial crisis.
But Ukraine is the most pressing test of the club’s ability to marry its economic heft to diplomatic troubleshooting, given the Cold War-style divisions between Russia and the West exposed by the former Soviet satellite’s separatist crisis.
Today, in a further acknowledgement that the Kremlin-backed statelets in Ukraine are effectively breaking away, President Petro Poroshenko issued a decree ordering the withdrawal of all state services from rebel-held eastern regions.
And officials said five civilians, including two children, and three more Ukrainian soldiers died in the latest fighting north of Donetsk yesterday.
There was no immediate comment from the G20’s Australian hosts or other delegations such as US President Barack Obama’s to Putin’s decision to leave early, which came after some testy exchanges in Brisbane today.

Russian TV claims it has photo of downing ofMH17The site of the crash in Ukraine. (Source: AP)
By: Associated Press | Moscow | Posted: November 15, 2014 11:22 pm
Russian state television has released a satellite photograph that it claims shows that a Ukrainian fighter jet shot down Malaysia Airlines Flight 17. However, commentators have dismissed the photo as a fake.
All 298 people aboard the Boeing 777 were killed when it was shot down July 17 over a rebel-held area of Ukraine. Ukraine and the West have blamed the attack on Russia-backed rebels.
The photo released yesterday by Russia’s Channel One and Rossiya TV stations purportedly shows a Ukrainian fighter plane firing an air-to-air missile in the direction of the MH17.
The channels said they received the photo in an email. Several bloggers said the photograph is a forgery, citing a cloud pattern to prove the photo dates back to 2012 and several other details that seem incongruous.

Questioning LegaciesFrom mythical to the bold, Gogi Saroj Pal celebrates different faces of a woman in a retrospective .
Written by Vandana Kalra | Posted: November 16, 2014 12:05 am
The nondescript lanes of East of Kailash lead into the home of Gogi Saroj Pal and her husband Ved Nayar. The greens step into the basement, an open studio for young artists. This is where the couple allows students to work and practice their art. “Young artists often find it difficult to afford a studio,” says Pal. She occupies a studio on the ground floor, where students can drop-in for advice and discussions as well. In the ’70s, the duo was famous for drawing room exhibitions at their Tara Apartment home. “There were hardly any galleries back then,” says Pal, looking at an unfinished canvas with a women protagonist that hangs on her easel.
Women have been her leitmotif for decades now — as Kinnari, the mythical bird-woman or Kamdhenu, the wish-fulfilling cow. The voluptuous bodies have been nude — sensual and brazen. At her retrospective at Pathways Art Gallery, their different faces painted over four decades come together, from gouache to oil and ceramic.
Her second retrospective in three years is sourced from her private collection. The oldest is a pair of profiles, watercolours painted with woman heads from 1973. If a 1985 work has a curvaceous beauty in a cloudy surrounding, the winged Kinnari flies from a 1989 gouache into a starry 2012 work. The satirical Nati Binodini appears traditional, and in All These Flowers Are For You she is in the verandah with flowers in the backdrop. “I’m fascinated by social links and their mythological values. My work is an investigation into whether we are carrying dead weight of folklore and beliefs. We should not just carry on with legacies, but question them,” says the 69-year-old.
The exhibition at Pathways Art Gallery, Pathways School, Gurgaon, is on from November 16 to 26.
Contact: 4872000

Infrastructure key to manufacturing growthUpdated: November 14, 2014 20:43 IST
'Infrastructure key to manufacturing growth'
Special Correspondent
business (general)
India needs to create islands of excellence in infrastructure to create new jobs and single point clearances in the industrial parks should become a reality to attract investment said Ajay Shankar, Member Secretary, National Manufacturing Competitiveness Council (NMCC) while speaking at the thirteenth Manufacturing Summit organised by the Confederation of Indian Industry in Mumbai.
“Infrastructure and logistics should be the key. There is positive expectation with Delhi Mumbai Industrial Corridor (DMIC) creating interlinked new industrial townships and parks,” Mr Shankar said.
He said labour reforms seemed to have a strong consensus as it was unavoidable. “Tough times of 13 to14 per cent manufacturing growth witnessed modest job creation in the economy. India needs to move beyond ease of doing business, though the cost is high there is a need to see where we can improve our cost advantage, and achieving new cost advantages, which would mean revisiting the old axiom of scare resource auction and price maximization,” he added.
Mr Shankar said that focus must be laid on new areas like ship building and electronics. India has an ecosystem for advance manufacturing start-ups which need to be fostered for leap forward in advance manufacturing, he added.
Jamshyd N Godrej, Chairman & Managing Director, Godrej & Boyce Mfg Co and Summit Chairman said that the government must make a significant difference in the competitiveness position of manufacturing in India.
“Ease of doing business is one of the critical aspects, with India ranking quite low in the global rankings which needs a focused approach for further development,” Mr Godrej said.

Auto aftermarket sector seeks industry tagUpdated: November 14, 2014 23:18 IST
Auto aftermarket sector seeks industry tag
G. Balachandar
manufacturing and engineering
The automotive aftermarket segment has sought government support to overcome the challenges such as lack of infrastructure, funding constraints and skill shortages being faced by the industry.
“The auto aftermarket is one of the largest employers of semi-skilled people across the country. Tamil Nadu alone will be employing close to 20-25 lakh people in this segment. This trade is a wide spectrum, comprising vehicle dealers, parts distributors, service mechanics, transport operators, and even the vehicle owners. But it has been seen as a disorganised sector,” said R. Dinesh, Joint Managing Director, T V Sundram Iyengar & Sons, and Chairman of Auto Serve 2014, at a Confederation of Indian Industry conference on automotive aftermarket that is being held here between November 14 and 16.
He pointed out that lack of proper space and lending support as also non-availability of skilled people were hampering the growth prospects.
“While proper zones need to be created for aftermarket sales, this segment should be recognised as an industry so as to help the independent parts dealers and small garages modernise, grow and earn better margins,” he added.
Also, with the introduction of high-tech equipment to service newer and complex vehicles, getting skilled people to handle that equipment had become another challenge.
He requested the Tamil Nadu Government to take the lead role in the country in recognising the auto aftermarket by including an aftermarket service policy in its Vision 2023 document.
Of course, there could be challenges for unorganised players to scale up and grow, but for OEMs (original equipment manufacturers), the aftermarket parts business was a highly profitable one and contributed a sizable portion to the bottomline though it accounts for a modest share in total revenues.
“The size of the domestic automotive aftermarket was estimated at Rs.47,000-49,000 crore, of which, the service business accounted for about Rs.12,000 crore and parts sales the balance. This market had the potential to register a CAGR of 12-15 per cent over the next five years,” said Mr. Dinesh.

From the Discomfort Zone: Digi-tech for socialdistressWritten by Shombit Sengupta | Posted: November 16, 2014 12:55 am
 
Stressful is his joint family life due to his brother’s love affair. My soft-hearted friend was trying his best to iron out the social wrinkles leading to his brother’s marriage, but the impediments are many.
The deep-in-love protagonist couple both work for a foreign company in the IT services industry. The barriers to tying the knot? They are from two different Indian states. They speak different languages; he is a Brahmin, she of a lower caste even though they both follow Hindu traditions. Despite being of Indian origin, I have never understood this man-made caste hierarchy. The Hindu way of life is so humane, without any dogma or any system to convert people like other religions have, yet caste puts a disgraceful black spot on it. To me, it seems a critical, chronic problem in today’s day and age. When the country is growing and trying to dominate the world stage, we are internally continuing to trample on one another for social supremacy.
My friend is the elder brother; he had himself followed the arranged marriage system — his parents and his in-laws’ family being compatible. That means they were all Brahmins, of similar social status. They were from the same state, thus spoke the same language and ate the same kind of food. His parents chose the girl to be his bride; he met her, there was instant chemistry between them. She is an executive in a company and they are very happily married. The arranged marriage has a few changed rules now. Before the economic reforms, a housewife was preferred but today a working woman has a better position in a joint family. In another instance, the parents of another friend of mine from Jodhpur met 43 families during 18 months to select his bride. He married the 44th one.
Now the brother’s inter-caste, inter-state love marriage was looking catastrophic, but my friend has stepped in to make his brother happy. When he discussed this with me, I appreciated his elder brotherly support. His wife too is wholeheartedly taking the young couple’s side to help make this marriage happen. This is the new, open-minded generation. My friend and his wife met his brother and girlfriend to assure them that they have their support. He is trying hard to convince all extended family members to accept this marriage. Their mother is the most difficult cookie, being heavily influenced by her own brothers, sisters, aunts and uncles. This kind of social misbehaviour puts my friend off. His brother is frustrated because he doesn’t want to hurt anyone or break away from his joint family to start a nuclear home.
Finally, my friend and his wife managed to convince the mother; things settled down with the mother preparing for her younger son’s marriage.
Isn’t it ironic that we proudly say India is a secular democracy; we are Indians first and there’s unity in our diversity. But it is in practical life that our true colours show. Two working adults in love from adjacent states can face continued…

Trail of nuclear woes began at North DakotabaseSecretary of the Air Force Deborah Lee James answers a question as Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel looks on at Minot Air Force Base.
By: Associated Press | Minot Air Force Base | Posted: November 16, 2014 12:55 am
The trouble began here, trouble that has torn at the core of the nuclear Air Force and compelled two of the last three secretaries of defense – first Robert Gates and now Chuck Hagel – to ask: Who is minding the store?
Minot Air Force Base has had its share, and then some, of bad publicity about nuclear weapons foul-ups, followed by hard questions from Washington about why it and other nuclear bases are caught in a recurring cycle of trouble and recovery.
Buried in the grasslands north and west of this small North Dakota city are 150 Minuteman 3 ballistic missiles, each tipped with a single nuclear warhead capable of destroying people and places halfway across the globe. Each is on “alert,” ready to be launched at a moment’s notice at all hours.
The trouble is not so much the Minuteman, although it passed its intended life span decades ago.
The trouble is the creaky equipment and facilities that keep the missiles armed, secure and ready for a launch order from the president.
The trouble also is the sagging morale of the men and women entrusted to operate the weapons.
The problems have accumulated: drug use, exam cheating, domestic abuse, security violations, training lapses and inspection failures. Last year one senior officer at Minot summed it up by lamenting the “rot” at the heart of the force.
It’s not just the Minuteman force, either.
The Air Force’s nuclear bomber force has not been immune from the morale, disciplinary, equipment and management problems suffered by the ICBM force.
The B-52 bombers are so old – and so expensive to replace – that they could be nearly a century old before they are retired. The bomber force includes the 5th Bomb Wing at Minot, a second B-52 wing in Louisiana and a B-2 contingent in Missouri.
These problems are not new, but they have stirred officials to promise new solutions.
Hagel flew to Minot on Friday immediately after he issued reviews of the nuclear force as a result of a series of Associated Press stories that outlined the problems at Minot and other nuclear bases and ordered sweeping changes.
“The internal and external reviews I ordered show that a consistent lack of investment and support for our nuclear forces over far too many years has left us with too little margin to cope with mounting stresses,” Hagel told reporters at the Pentagon on Friday.
The independent review called Minot “a special case.” It noted that Minot is the only base in either the Navy or the Air Force to host two legs of the nuclear force – ICBMs and bombers. It also has some of the coldest weather conditions encountered anywhere in the continental United States, continued…

Flip Side: TouringAustraliaPM Modi being greeted by the Prime Minister of Australia, Tony Abbott at the opening ceremony of the G20 Summit in Brisbane, Australia on Saturday. (Source: PTI)
Written by Dilip Bobb | Posted: November 16, 2014 12:48 am
 
Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s four-city Australian tour has begun and will reach its climax at the Melbourne Cricket Ground, preparing the pitch for the Indian cricket team that follows in his wake. His advisors have been briefing him extensively on Indo-Australian relations, including the possible hiccups, mainly a question of things getting lost in translation, as those who remember Monkeygate and Harbhajan Singh will know. Australians have their own peculiar language and slang words for everyday use, and it may have been confusing for Modi when he met his counterpart Tony Abbot. Here’s how it could have gone.
Abbot: G’day mate, how was Brizzie?
Modi: Well, actually it’s evening and I have not met anyone called Brizzie…
Abbot: Strewth, in our lingo, ‘g’day’ is just hello and Brizzie is what we call Brisbane. Also, I know how confusing it is meeting all these pollys.
Modi: I never met Polly either?
Abbot: It’s slang for politicians; we love shortening every word so it sounds more Aussie. Anyway I’m stoked to have finally met you, quite rapt.
Modi: Rap music? I really prefer…
Abbot: No, stoked means pleased and rapt is delighted. Anyway it’s an ace visit and I wish you had an extra day, we would have had you over and fired up the barbie…
Modi: Why would you want to burn dolls?
Abbot: Sorry mate, barbie is the barbecue, we Aussies have an obsession with the backyard. But I forgot you are a vejjo.
Modi: No I’m a Hindu, and…
Abbot: It means vegetarian. I know that people get confused with our language, just as we get confused with yours. Like Harbhajan Singh. Simmo clearly heard him say ‘monkey’.
Modi: Was this Simmo the umpire?
Abbot: Symonds — Andrew Symonds — the bloke who made the complaint.
Modi: In Sachin’s autobiography, that’s Sachin Tendulkar by the way, he says Bhaji, that’s Harbhajan, used the phrase “Ma di”, which in our language is paying respect to Symond’s mother.
Abbot: If that bloke Sachin said it, it’s fair dinkum… before you ask, it means the honest truth. Now to get down to business. On immigration, I suggest we upgrade from brickies, sparklers, chippies and cabbies to IT professionals, doctors, and…
Modi: Are you serious? Sorry I heard someone say that on TV, but I’m not quite getting the hang of this. After landing in Australia, I am learning new aspects of phonetics.
Abbot: It’s quite simple really, as you said, phonetics — brickie is bricklayer, chippie is carpenter, sparkler is an electrician and cabbie is a taxi driver.
Modi: This is a learning experience. It’s like going back to school. Not that I mind, I love children, more than that chap Nehru….
Abbot: Ankle biters.
Modi: Why ankles?
Abbot: Ankle biters is Aussie slang for children.
Modi: Very expressive. I had said ‘Act East’ instead of ‘Look East’, but maybe I need to change that to ‘Talk continued…

New Chicago archbishop brings Francis-likemessageChicago Archbishop Blase Cupich has been sending very Pope Francis-like messages.
By: Associated Press | Chicago | Posted: November 16, 2014 12:48 am
When Blase Cupich was named the next archbishop of Chicago, he insisted that Pope Francis was sending the area a mere pastor, not a message.
Cupich has been sending very Francis-like messages, though, as he prepares to officially assume control of one of the largest and most high-profile archdioceses in the U.S. on Tuesday. Among them were his decisions to live in a simple rectory instead of the cardinal’s mansion and to not reveal to the man next to him on his recent flight into Chicago that he was about to become a spiritual leader for the area’s 2.2 million Catholics.
“I would say the message is that he (Pope Francis) chose someone very pastoral … and it’s a very important one,” said Cristina Traina, a professor of religious studies at Northwestern University. “The pope was saying he was looking for someone who will connect with people … whose emphasis is mercy, ministry, reaching out to the people and serving the poor.”
She said it is not a coincidence that the pope appointed Cupich, the 65-year-old relatively unknown bishop of the much smaller diocese in Spokane, Washington state, to replace a conservative church heavyweight like Cardinal Francis George at around the time he was demoting another leading conservative, Cardinal Raymond Burke, from his position as head of the Vatican high court.
Cupich’s appointment has been warmly received in neighborhood churches, where parishioners quietly complained that George did not solicit their opinions and, particularly during the cardinal’s ongoing battle with cancer, did not visit the parishes nearly as much as they would have liked.
“Everything has changed with this pope we have and I think (Cupich) will be out there walking with us,” said Israel Flores as he headed to a church in the city’s largely Hispanic Pilsen neighborhood a few days after Cupich’s appointment was announced.
Even George recognized that it made sense to select a bishop whose style is seen as far more open and welcoming of others’ ideas than his own.
“I would imagine, and hope, this is the case, that he’ll have a different approach, a different tone,” George recently told the Chicago Tribune. “That’s good because there are people who I couldn’t reach that he’ll be able to, and there are things that I perhaps didn’t think important to tend to that he will think are.”
People will be watching closely to see how Cupich reacts to various national and local issues. George last month closed nine more parochial schools – another emotionally-charged decision he made before leaving – but Cupich will face the same low enrollment when he takes over. And there is the vexing problem of the shortage of priests.
Chicago’s Hispanic community, for example, while encouraged about what he’s said about a need for immigration reform, are waiting to see if he continues to speak out publicly on the matter, continued…

Indo-US WTO pact to give new push to global tradeThe United States on Wednesday said the breakthrough bilateral agreement with India on trade facilitation will grant “new momentum” to multilateral efforts at the World Trade Organization (WTO).
Logo of the World Trade Organization (WTO), that deals with the global rules of trade between nations.
“We have overcome that delay (caused by India and others) and now have an agreement with India to move forward with full implementation,” US trade representative Mike Froman said.
The first multilateral agreement to be signed under WTO in the 20 years of its birth, it will have no conditions attached to it, something which India wanted to keep the food security issue on the table. This means that food security programmes run by developing countries such as India will not be subject to a sunset arrangement, of 2017, as pushed by the US and other development countries. They will remain in force till a permanent solution is found, as demanded by India.
India’s refusal to sign the Trade Facilitation Agreement (TFA) in July, announced during US secretary of state John Kerry’s visit, had dealt a major setback to its trade relations with the US.
This added, in US view, to a long and growing list of trade issues and concerns about India’s Intellectual Property Rights regime that were threatening to derail bilateral ties.
The Office of the United States Trade Representative is conducting an out-of-cycle review of India’s trade policies to determine if they are harmful for US businesses. A similar probe is underway by the US International Trade Commission, with another on the way.
However, there has been a change in tone and substance of the anti-India rhetoric drummed up in the past by US businesses, led by the powerful US chamber of commerce. Gone are harsh demands for punitive action against India, which have been replaced by distinct signals of a willingness to work with the Narendra Modi-led government, and give the country more time.
India’s refusal to sign the agreement in July, a US official had said, “sent a confusing signal and undermined the very image that Prime Minister Narendra Modi is trying to send about India”.
The issue figured prominently during Modi’s meetings with US President Barack Obama in September. Both instructed their officials to work “urgently” towards a solution.
Negotiations between officials of the two countries picked up “intensively” in recent days, Froman said, and culminated in an agreement, which is likely to give new momentum to multilateral efforts at the WTO.
“In doing so, the US and India reaffirm their joint commitment to the success and credibility of the WTO,” Froman said.
 
 
What’s at stake?
The WTO’s 160 member nations failed to adopt the trade facilitation agreement (TFA) by the July 31 deadline
 
What’s TFA?
At the Bali Ministerial in December last year, the  WTO member countries had agreed to make trade easier, faster and cheaper by making systems transparent and reducing red tape by adopting the TFA by July 31
 
What had led to the collapse of the talks?
India made it clear that it would not support the TFA if it did not come together with a timeframe for food subsidies
 
What’s the deal with food subsidies?
·Existing rules place a cap on food subsidies at 10% of the value of production.
·Calculated at a price of the mid-1980s, India and many other countries would breach the permissible limit.
·This could affect India’s food security programme and procurement through the minimum support prices (MSP)
 
What’s the deal now?
·USA has agreed not to press for penalties even if India’s food subsidy breached the current cap
·Penalties will not be pressed till the WTO members work out a permanent solution of how to calculate food subsidies
·This will allow India unhindered roll out of its welfare schemes including the food security programme
·Earlier the USA was agreeing to a “no penalties” period for only four years
·USA’s support now will enable wider agreement on a food subsidy roadmap in WTO
·India will agree to ratify the TFA to make customs rules easier

http://usat.ly/1zqLyBDSteak n Shake goes upscale, international
The steakburger chain's new locations include Dubai and the French Riviera.
Post to Facebook
Steak n Shake goes upscale, international The steakburger chain's new locations include Dubai and the French Riviera. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1qJwERH
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Steak n Shake goes upscale, international
Jeff Swiatek, The Indianapolis Star 9:59 p.m. EST November 14, 2014
The first Steak n Shake restaurant in France, at the Place de Gaulle in Cannes.
(Photo: Steak n Shake)
4 CONNECT 15 TWEET 5 LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
INDIANAPOLIS — Steak n Shake is no upscale retailer, that's for sure. But when it comes to new stores, the steakburger chain has something in common with the Oscar de la Rentas and Chanels of this world: expensive tastes.
In the past two years, Steak n Shake has put its name on some of the ritziest real estate you can lease. It has  opened restaurants on the French Riviera in Cannes. Near the beach in Santa Monica, Calif. On Broadway in New York. And in a mall in the Persian Gulf city of Dubai.
Pitching a hoi polloi menu of burgers and shakes in high-rent locales frequented by the world's wealthy is hardly textbook strategy. And it's too early to tell whether  it will be successful.
Steak n Shake hasn't released sales or other performance measures for its prominently sited new restaurants, but James Flaniken, senior vice president of marketing, says the chain likes the early results. "They're doing very well; they're definitely meeting our expectations," he said.
Why the Indianapolis-based retailer wants to go upscale with its burger joints is hard to decipher. The 80-year-old chain, which started in Normal, Ill., has grown to 530 restaurants, mostly in the Midwest and South. It has always forged its identity by selling fast-food fare at cheap prices. In recent years, it has  pushed value meals for $4.
Regional fast food: Why Whataburger is worth a stop
Slinging steakburgers in some of the world's most exclusive, high-rent retail locations comes across as a risky move by Iranian-born entrepreneur Sardar Biglari.
Biglari is the 37-year-old founder, chairman and CEO of San Antonio-based Biglari Holdings who led a successful effort in 2008 to buy Steak n Shake at a time when it was losing money. It's now into its sixth straight year of profitability.
Sardar Biglari of Biglari Holdings.
(Photo: Joe Vitti, The Indianapolis Star)
Biglari didn't respond to emailed questions.
In a letter to shareholders last year, Biglari said opening restaurants in elite locales is an attempt to project Steak n Shake as a global brand.
If the first wave does well, Steak n Shake aims to sell franchises for dozens of additional restaurants across Europe and the Middle East and "export our brand to the rest of the world," Biglari wrote.
The cost of opening the new locations, most company-owned, hasn't been divulged. It certainly runs in the millions of dollars.
In part because of the costs of the new restaurants, Steak n Shake's operating earnings fell from $45.6 million in 2012 to $28.4 million in 2013. Revenue hit a record high $737 million in 2013, up from $718 million the year before.
At the very least, the new openings have generated buzz.
Steak n Shake's Facebook page for its two restaurants in the United Arab Emirates already has 6,205 likes.
At the Santa Monica grand opening last month, diners included You Tube celebrity Kingsley and Disney star Jake Short, who each shared their experiences on Instagram.
The Varsity: Atlanta's classic car hop keeps on cruising
And the restaurant in Cannes has drawn mostly glowing reviews on Tripadvisor.com. A British reviewer said the first French Steak n Shake is "good if you get a bit bored of French or Italian food and it's quite cheap. A bit like a posh McDonald's I suppose."
It helped to have the Maxim magazine girls on hand in tight red dresses for  the Santa Monica and Cannes openings. Biglari bought Maxim, a so-called lad mag, in  March for a reported $12 million.
Biglari shareholder Chad Brand, president of Peridot Capital Management of Seattle, said going along with Biglari's foreign expansion strategy takes a leap of faith.
"For a smaller chain that hasn't even gone national yet in the U.S., it's pretty rare to see something like this," he said.
Maxim magazine girls joined Steak n Shake executives at the ribbon-cutting for the chain’s first Los Angeles-area outlet in Santa Monica.
(Photo: Steak n Shake)
Brand said he trusts that Biglari is after profits and not self-promotion. Years ago, Biglari began a practice of posting his photo at the entrance to Steak n Shakes. The new high-profile Steak n Shakes go one step further by displaying "By Biglari" in large silver lettering on their exteriors.
"He gets a lot of flak for it," Brand said. "People think he's arrogant and just wants to put his name out there. But I don't know that there's a downside in it. He's trying to build the brand of the holding company."
Indianapolis franchising expert Bill Church said he sees Steak n Shake taking advantage of foreign consumers' growing demand for U.S. brands.
"If Steak n Shake is willing to do that without compromising who they are, they will be successful. I can't think of a more Americanized brand than Steak n Shake."
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1qJwERH
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

Delhi Dialogue: AAP unveils five-point agenda for youthComments
An educational degree, jobs and internet is what the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) promised to the youth of the city if it is voted to power again.
AAP convener Arvind Kejriwal addresses supporters at the launch of party's Delhi Dialogue in New Delhi. (PTI Photo)
The first in a series of public outreach programmes, AAP’s Delhi Dialogue on Saturday at Jantar Mantar served as the ground for the party’s declaration of its five-point blueprint for Delhi youth. 
The five-point agenda announcement by the party came in front of a sea of supporters — young and old people, men and women.
The agenda lists affordable education, jobs, emphasis on sports and sporting facilities, free wifi and a fight against drugs as the party’s primary goals to empower youth.
“For the youth, the biggest problem is higher education. Close to 1.5 lakh students pass Class 12 in the city each year. Many of them don’t get admission in colleges. We will set up 20 colleges in the outskirts of Delhi. Wherever villagers are ready to provide land to us we will build new colleges. Along with conventional courses, these colleges will also focus on vocational education,” said the party’s chief ministerial candidate, Arvind Kejriwal.
The party has also promised scholarships, fee waivers and loans to students who have passed class 12 exams from Delhi and have got admission in a college in the city. The government will act as a guarantor for these loans.
To push job creation, AAP is also planning to set up incubation centres to encourage youth to become job creators instead of employees.
“Of the 29 industrial areas in Delhi, around 20 are lying empty because there is no water, power or roads to set up industries there. We have created a roadmap to create between 7 lakh and 10 lakh jobs in five years. In the Delhi government alone there are 55,000 vacancies and these are for posts such as teachers, doctors, nurses etc,” Kejriwal said.
According to rough estimates, more than 5,000 people attended Saturday’s event. The crowd was varied and had people from all walks of life. A large number of auto rickshaw drivers also came to show their support for the party.
The event was attended by a number of senior AAP leaders, including the likes of Yogendra Yadav, Meera Sanyal, Bhagwant Mann, Sanjay Singh and Gopal Rai. “The education model proposed by AAP is something that every government will follow in the coming two years,” claimed Yogendra Yadav. 
The event also saw the presence of National Skill Development Council chief operating officer Atul Bhatnagar, who attended Delhi Dialogue in his personal capacity. Mahesh Murthy, founder Seedfund, was also present and emphasized on the importance of the internet.
“Our new motto should be roti, kapda, makaan aur internet. The internet empowers people,” Murthy said.
According to AAP leaders, Delhi Dialogue will be an ongoing process. The next one is planned for the party’s foundation day, November 26 and will be on women issues.

Blood spills on Delhi railway tracksBlood spills on Delhi railway tracks
Prawesh Lama , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, November 15, 2014
First Published: 23:56 IST(15/11/2014) | Last Updated: 00:38 IST(16/11/2014)
Comments
Pedestrian bridges over railway tracks are stuck in official files and red tape even as trains continue to mow at least two persons in Delhi every day.
Till November 9, the railway police recorded 900 bodies found on tracks across Delhi. While 24 of these were either natural deaths or murders, the rest —876 — were hit by trains, police said. 
The Delhi Police has now requested the divisional manager of northern railways (Delhi division) to construct foot overbridges over nine most accident-prone railway tracks in the capital.
The police had early this year conducted a survey to identify areas where the maximum number deaths took place over the years.  
The Delhi Police’s letter says most railway tracks in Delhi are situated near railway colonies. In some areas, industrial belts and slums have developed near the tracks because of which there is heavy pedestrian movement in these areas.
The letter reads, “Some slum clusters have also mushroomed near the railway tracks and lots of people are residing in these clusters. The people living in these clusters, colonies and working in the industrial areas cross the railway tracks and are sometimes hit by the running trains….. An analysis has been made on the basis of the deaths occurring due to these train accidents and some of the black spots have been identified….”  
Joint commissioner of police (New Delhi) Mukesh Meena confirmed that the police had written to the railways. “We identified the places and have taken this initiative to save lives. There should be a provision of FOBs for pedestrians because the total numbers of deaths is huge. Many times, the victims are children. At places where the construction of a bridge is not possible, an underpass can help save the loss of lives.”
Railway authorities said they were aware of the problem but maintained it was the state government’s job to construct such bridges at those places.
Delhi divisional railway manager (Northern railway) Anurag Sachan said, “We’re sending a reply to the police that the construction of FOBs is the responsibility of the state government. There are no unmanned crossings in Delhi. People shouldn’t cross tracks where they are not supposed to.” 
 
 
Another killed with earphones on
New Delhi: An unidentified man in his mid-thirties was killed after a train ran over him while he was crossing the railway track with earphones plugged in his ears on Saturday.
Police said the deceased was hit by Vikramshila Superfast Express and was declared dead on spot.
Eyewitnesses told the police the victim had earphones in his ears at the time of the accident but a senior police officer said they did not find his mobile phone
or any earphones from the accident spot.
Eyewitnesses claim they screamed to alert the man about the approaching train. But he could not hear them. HTC
 

Meiyappans role proved: Mudgal panelcorruption & bribery
‘Charges of spot-fixing require further probe’
Findings recorded by the Justice Mukul Mudgal report on the IPL spot-fixing could be understood as indicting persons against whom the inquiry was conducted, the Supreme Court said on Friday.
Making this observation, a Bench of Justices T.S. Thakur and Ibrahim Kalifulla refused to give any immediate relief to BCCI president N. Srinivasan, who will have to wait till December for seeking re-election.
The bench, while ordering the Registry to give copies of the report to the parties, directed the mater to be listed for further hearing on November 24.
When senior counsel Kapil Sibal, appearing for Mr. Srinivasan, informed the court about the urgency of holding elections and allowing Mr. Srinivasan to contest, Justice Thakur said, “We cannot give clarity on whether you can contest or not until this matter is disposed of. We will not be able to take a final call unless the issues raised in the report are addressed.”
The bench recorded an undertaking from BCCI counsel Aryama Sundaram that the Board would postpone the AGM for four weeks till the court completes the hearing. The AGM, normally held before September 30 every year, was postponed to November 20 in view of the pendency of the probe.
Meiyappan passed info
The Mudgal committee, in its interim report, had said that the role of Gurunath Meiyappan as the Chennai Super Kings team owner and allegations of betting and passing on information against him stood proved. It, however, said the allegations of spot-fixing required further probe.
It also observed that the allegations of betting and spot-fixing against Raj Kundra, co-owner of Rajasthan Royals, needed further investigation.
Taking note of the fact that the committee had said that further probe was required, the court in May directed the panel to conduct a detailed investigation in respect of the allegations against the 13 persons, including Mr. Srinivasan, mentioned in the report.
On Friday, the Bench after hearing Harish Salve and Nalini Chidambaram, appearing for the Cricket Association of Bihar, Kabil Sibal for Mr. Srinivasan, Aryama Sundaram for the BCCI, Ashok Desai for Rajasthan Royals and Mahesh Jethmalani for Chennai Super Kings, decided to disclose the names of four individuals named in the report.
In a brief order, the Bench said the report on the role and conduct of the four individuals can be made public and copies given to the counsel for the parties at the first instance. Justice Thakur said, “We can take forward the report against individuals and see how far it takes us. The report on the role of players be not disclosed at this stage. If necessary we can take a call on this aspect later.”

Obamacare s 2.0 health insurance enrollment ...You are here: Home > Collections
Obamacare's 2.0 health insurance enrollment period begins
Reuters Nov 15, 2014, 07.17PM IST
Tags:
Barack Obama
(Obama's plan to extend private…)
WASHINGTON: President Barack Obama's plan to extend private health coverage to the uninsured entered a new uncertain phase on Saturday as government-backed online insurance marketplaces opened their 2015 plans to millions of potential enrollees.
The HealthCare.gov website was widely expected to avoid the mishaps of a year ago, when technical glitches paralyzed operations and drove Democrat Obama's signature domestic policy to the brink of disaster, exposing him to criticism from Republicans who have campaigned for its repeal.
Officials have concentrated on producing a smooth, efficient experience for consumers this time around, including turning on a feature on the website that allows people to window shop for plans.
But the administration is also hedging its bets by acknowledging there could be some problems, such as outages and down times, as traffic to the site swells. Officials greatly reduced their overall 2015 target to 9.1 million enrollees from 13 million.
A 2010 law known as Obamacare is intended to extend health coverage to millions of uninsured Americans in all 50 states and an expansion of the Medicaid program for the poor that has taken hold in 27 states.
A new Republican majority in Congress in January is committed to repealing or dismantling the healthcare law. The US Supreme Court will also hear a new legal challenge that could end federal subsidies for low-income families through a federal marketplace that spans three-dozen states.
There are concerns that consumers in some of the 14 states that operate their own Obamacare marketplaces could have trouble again. Maryland, a state that was plagued by issues for months, is staggering its opening with enrollment beginning Nov. 19.
The Nov. 15-Feb. 15 open enrollment period allows qualified Americans to obtain private health coverage for 2015, often with federally subsidized premiums.
A main question is whether HealthCare.gov can handle new enrollees and renewals simultaneously. Nearly 6 million current policyholders are expected to re-enroll, and many may avoid automatic renewal by shopping and enrolling in different plans.
"If a lot of people do shop, will the system be able to handle that at the same time they're enrolling all these new enrollees?" said Joel Ario, a former US healthcare reform official.
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://usat.ly/1yHlIrXInvesting: Stock funds for big chickens
Are you a ragin' craven?
Post to Facebook
Investing: Stock funds for big chickens Are you a ragin' craven? Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1qG9VGa
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
1
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Investing: Stock funds for big chickens
John Waggoner , USA TODAY 7:59 a.m. EST November 14, 2014
Video Keywords Flanders raging bull market partners value America's
If you’re terrified of the stock market, look for a manager who lets the cash build up as stocks soar. (USA MONEY, USA TODAY)
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:06  Are you terrified because the stock market keeps hitting new
00:08  highs will have no fear because today. We have some suggestions
00:12  for their rage and craven inside all of us I'm John
00:15  Wagoner and this is America's markets. Just because the stock market
00:19  is up. Doesn't mean it's gonna collapse tomorrow. And if you
00:21  have ten years or more before you need your money you
00:24  should take up a hobby that doesn't involve turning into a
00:26  quivering mass of jello at the words of record highs. But
00:30  there are some very good funds when managers who he buying
00:32  stocks hit new highs. They're happy if when they can pick
00:35  up bargains in the ruins and right now they're stuffing their
00:38  portfolios with cash waiting for that happy day when everything gets
00:41  blown to Flanders. The white funds for example love the good
00:44  bargain. They're not finding any though Wally Weitz manager of the
00:48  Weitz partners value has been running the fund for more than
00:51  thirty years he's got a quarter of the fund's assets in
00:54  cash. Longley partners is another fund with solid long term record
00:58  that's cash build up as the market gets more expensive. It's
01:01  got 14% of its portfolio in cash and fidelity low priced
01:05  stock which only buys stocks itself for 35 dollars or less.
01:08  Also has 14% of its assets in cash. Lots of cash
01:12  means these funds will look like nit wits and a raging
01:15  bull market but if you're more of a chicken tenable these
01:18  are funds that you might wanna for the unit went.
Here are a few suggestions for stock investments that won't make you even more of a chicken than you normally are.
(Photo: Craig Fritz)
4 CONNECT 18 TWEET 3 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Do you start quivering every time you hear the words "record high" and "stock market" in the same breath? When you peer into your Closet of Anxieties, do you see Charles Schwab? Do you have frequent nightmares about bears?
If you can answer "yes" to any of these questions, face it: You're a ragin' craven when it comes to the stock market. Market experts would tell you that your anxiety is good, and that as long as you and your fellow investors are properly terrified, the stock market will probably continue rising.
But you don't care. You're almost as afraid of the stock market as you are of living in a shed made of hammered-out soup cans in retirement. You need a stock investment that won't make you even more of a coward than you normally are.  Fortunately, we have a few suggestions.
The Standard and Poor's 500 stock index hit its 41st record high Thursday, which is actually less scary than it sounds: The stock market is supposed to hit record highs in a bull market. Some day, of course, the market's record high will be followed by a period of falling prices, which is what most people fear.
Investing: When your retirement fund does you wrong
If you have a comfortably long investment horizon — 10 years or more — then you should find other things to worry about, like whether you should have chosen those pants this morning. Over the long term, stocks tend to return more than bank CDs or government bonds.
And for many people, this is a TINA market — meaning There Is No Alternative. Money market funds yield nearly zero; bond yields are miserably low; and commodities are pumping mud. Your best alternative, it seems, is stocks.
But stocks are stretched, at least if you look at prices relative to earnings. According to Ned Davis Research, a respected Wall Street analytics firm, the median stock in the S&P 500 trades for 20 times earnings. That's high.
What's an investor to do? One alternative is to look for funds that seek bargains — and let cash build up when they can't find any. Cash can build up because investors shower them with money when the market is rising, or because their holdings reach their price targets, they sell them, and can't find suitably cheap stocks.
Consider Weitz Value Investor (ticker: WVALX), which has been overseen by veteran investor Wallace Weitz for more than 30 years. The fund has beaten 81% of its peers the past five years and currently has about 18% of its assets in cash.
A value investor like Weitz heeds the teachings of Warren Buffett — who, like Weitz, also calls Omaha home. (Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway is the third-largest holding in Weitz Value). Value investors look for stocks that are cheap, relative to earnings. Weitz spent about five percentage points of his funds' cash during the brief mini-correction in October, he says.
Buying cheap stocks has two benefits. First, they tend to be takeover targets because, well, they're cheap. Buyers nearly always overpay in takeovers. (Ironically, the fund's top holding is Valeant Pharmaceuticals, which has soared 13.1% this year during its attempt to buy Alleran, the maker of Botox.)
Second, value stocks tend to have above-average dividend yields. A dividend yield is the stock's dividend payout per share, divided by price. As prices fall, yields rise, all other things being equal). Texas Instruments, one of the fund's holdings, yields 2.4%, for example, vs. about 2% for the S&P 500.
Two other top-notch value funds that let cash run up:
•Longleaf Partners (LLPFX). Managers Staley Cates and Mason Hawkins have no problem letting cash run up in a bull market — currently, about 14% is in cash. It, too, has a healthy stake in Berkshire Hathaway, but it also likes some stocks that have been pounded lately, such as Chesapeake Energy and McDonald's.
•Primecap Odyssey Stock (POSKX). The fund has about 10% of its assets in cash but also boasts an exceptional long-term record and an appealingly low expense ratio.
The drawbacks? Funds that let cash run up will look like nitwits in a rip-snorting bull market. Weitz Value is up 6.4% this year, trailing the S&P 500 by nearly 11 percentage points. Longleaf Partners, which soared 32% in 2013, is up just 4.5% this year. Primecap, probably the best choice for your money, is up 11.5%.
And sometimes, cheap stocks are cheap for good reason. Bank stocks helped drag Weitz and Longleaf down in the last bear market. "What you want is for your stocks to be down for the wrong reasons," Weitz says. "You don't want your stocks to be down for the right reasons."
If you're an index investor, you have no real similar funds that allow cash to build up in frothy markets. If you are putting money away regularly, say in a 401(k) plan, you can simply direct new money to go to the cash option in your plan. Over time, your cash will build up, theoretically softening any impact from a bear market and leaving you with a reservoir of cash. But you'll have to make those decisions yourself.
Over the long term, a value approach has beaten most other methods of investing. And, while you'll still have plenty of moments of terror with a value fund, one that builds up cash might be the perfect way for a chicken to feather his nest.
4 CONNECT 18 TWEET 3 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1qG9VGa
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

Diesel prices up in Punjab as govt raises VATChandigarh
(Diesel prices in Punjab…)
CHANDIGARH: Diesel prices in Punjab went up by about 77 paise a litre with SAD-BJP-led government raising VAT on diesel by 1.5 per cent to 11.25 per cent with effect from today.
The hike in VAT on diesel has led to diesel price jumping to Rs 53.38 a litre from Rs 52.61. The diesel rates in the state vary from area to area due to transportation charges. The opposition party Congress has lashed out at the state government for increasing VAT.
Significantly, the fresh hike in value added tax (VAT) on diesel in Punjab came barely after one and half month with new rate of VAT being fixed at 11.25 per cent (excluding 10 per cent surcharge).
Earlier, Punjab government had raised VAT on diesel by one per cent to 9.75 per cent with effect from October 1, the move which had led to fuel prices going up by 55 paise a litre.
As per notification issued by Punjab Excise and Taxation department regarding 'change in rate of diesel', the VAT rate on diesel other than premium diesel has now been revised to 11.25 per cent.
Punjab also levies 10 per cent surcharge on VAT rates. "Because of increase in VAT, the diesel price in Punjab has increased by 77-78 paise a litre," a Ludhiana based fuel pump owner said.
Petroleum dealers said that they received the message from Punjab Excise and Taxation department about increase in VAT on diesel at around 11 am today in the morning. "After receiving the message, we raised retail prices of diesel," he said.
Notably, the recent reduction in diesel prices by the Centre had caused revenue loss of up to Rs 20-25 crore per annum to Punjab.
While Punjab levies tax on petroleum items as per 'ad valorem' method, any increase or decrease in prices of fuel cause affect in tax mobilisation to the state kitty. As per 'ad valorem' method, the tax is charged as per value of goods or services.
Punjab annually collects about Rs 2,100 crore of tax from petrol and diesel.
Interestingly, Union Territory Chandigarh , this week, slashed VAT on diesel from 12.5 per cent to 9.68 per cent in order to bring parity with the tax rate in Punjab, thus giving a relief of Rs 1.40 per litre in diesel rates.
Meanwhile, Congress Legislature Party leader Sunil Jakhar described the SAD-BJP government move of raising VAT as anti-farmer and anti-industry.
"Akali-BJP government in Punjab increases VAT on diesel making it costlier from today ... it is an anti farmer, anti industry and ultimately inflationary step ... people of Punjab are now paying through their nose for bad and wasteful governance. It's time Akali-BJP government explained if this is their idea of Achay Din," Jakhar said in a statement issued here.
FEATURED ARTICLES

NDA government s new education policy to come out by 2015: Smriti Iranieducation policy
(The NDA government was framing…)
VARANASI: The NDA government was framing a new education policy to remove existing loopholes and give maximum and easy access to better education to all sections of the society, Union HRD Minister Smriti Irani said today.
The new policy, she said, is expected to come out next year.
"We want to remove the maximum loopholes from the existing education policies, and will come up with a newly framed one for giving maximum and easy access to education to common people.
"The new education policy of the NDA government is expected to come out next year, for which the suggestions would be sought from grass root level," she said.
The Minister said past education policies were framed by very few people called as experts, consisting mostly of educationists, academicians and bureaucrats.
"Such policies were least associated with common man living in far off villages, and mattered less to rural people. In the new education policy, our aim is to specifically target those students who are living in villages and could not continue their education due to lack of exposure and unavailability of resources. They should get maximum benefit," Irani said.
The HRD minister was here to inaugurate a national seminar at Mahatma Gandhi Kashi Vidyapeeth today.
Stressing that providing better future to youngsters was her government's top priority, she said, after so many years a government was formed at the Centre with absolute majority, as young, mostly in the age group of 30, voted for lotus.
Irani said girl students should be encouraged to take up technical education, where their number was less, despite the fact that their performance in board exams was better than that of boys.
Some Banaras Hindu University student held protest demanding restoration of students union in BHU.
They held protest against the HRD minister here outside the venue and carried postcards, questioning why government was patronizings RSS in BHU and Mahatma Gandhi Kashi Vidyapeeth.
They also carried postcards, questioning why government was patronising RSS in BHU and Mahatma Gandhi Kashi Vidyapeeth.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Delhi assembly election: AAP promises 8 lakh jobs  20 new colleges  wi-fi connectivityGolf courses empty; bureaucrats have started working: Nadir Godrej
Kickstarting its sessions to connect with the masses and woo voters ahead of Delhi assembly election, the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) today launched a five-point programme for the youth, promising 8 lakh jobs, vocational training, setting up of 20 new colleges, sports facilities and having wi-fi connectivity across Delhi.
The party formally launched the Delhi Dialogue, an interactive initiative to connect with voters of different stratas of society, and spelt out its strategy for youth. The party will come up with a 50-point programme catering to different sections of the society.
Highlighting the issue of admission, faced by students especially after class XII, AAP’s National Convenor Arvind Kejriwal said the main cause of the the problem was lack of infrastructure in the education sector.
“No new college has been built since last 15-20 years, which is leading to this problem. Giving education to the these students will be government’s responsibility. We will double the number of existing seats and construct 20 new colleges for the youth.
“Many villages have also complained about lack of educational institutions. The government will build colleges in these villages to ensure that the students there get admission,” Kejriwal said at a function held at Jantar Mantar here.
He said if his party voted to power the new government will also ensure that students get loan for pursuing their education.
“The government will also be a guarantor to these students so that they don’t have to mortage their property and valuables to get education,” he said.
The AAP chief also tried to woo the youth by making Delhi a wi-fi city.
“We are working on the details to have wi-fi across Delhi,” he said.
The former Chief Minister said efforts would be made to fill over 50,000 vacancies of doctors, teachers, nurses and other professionals in the Delhi government.
“The colleges the government would build will be designed in a way that students won’t have to look for jobs. It will have incubation centres.
After passing out, the student can be given a facility to carry out his venture and we will also help to get loan through banks.
“We will create the Delhi Skill Mission, which will help generate 8 lak jobs in Delh,” he said.
Kejriwal said his government will not “snatch” the employment of youth, but work towards it. He said lack of infrastructure and wrong policies were leading to business moving out of the National Capital.
“Few years back, Delhi had some 29 industrial areas, but today it has come down to 7-8 because of lack of power, road and water. We will ensure that these industrial areas have upgraded infrastructure so that industries can again come back. We will also reduce VAT,” he said.
Kejriwal said his government will focus on skill development of youth and train them in new areas.
Emphasising the role of sports, he said the government will not only create and upgrade the sports infrastructure, but also adopt the best talents and promote them. He said the government was ready to develop sports infrastructure in far-flung villages of Delhi if they offered land.
“There are some 1800 MCD, 1200 Delhi and some 1000 private schools which have grounds, but are closed after working hours. We will open all of them.
“The government will adopt sports talent and promote them so that they can compete at the national and international level. We will also get rid of politicians and bureaucrats from all the sports bodies, which will be managed by sports experts,” he said.
Expressing concern about the growing drug menace in the country, Kejriwal said his party will ensure that the national capital does not become a second Punjab.
“The party has decided to provide mobile governance to people following which Delhiites can connect to government through their smartphones. People can also see government’s work and even discuss their problems with government on their phone due to which city can be made corruption-free,” AAP leader Ashish Khetan, who is heading the Delhi Dialogue team, said.
Khetan also said that there are several heritage sites in the national capital, but tourists, including foreign tourists, go to other countries.
“We have also plans to make Delhi a tourist hub after coming to power,” he said.
Another senior party leader Yogendra Yadav also said, “AAP has initiated new rules of politics in Delhi. We have sought suggestions of people to make blueprint of our election manifesto.I would also like to know from BJP and Congress to adopt such pattern and campared their manifestos to ours which one is good.”
Yadav also said that party will focus on different issues like women security, employment, education, health and among others. The next round of Delhi dialogue would be on November 26, the foundation day of the party.
TAGS: Aam Aadmi Party Arvind Kejriwal Delhi Election
More from industry

4 000 MW UMPP for Bihar announcedFIPB role shrinks amid easier FDI flows
Electricity-starved Bihar will get a 4,000 MW Ultra Mega Power Plant (UMPP) and Centre will allocate sufficient number of coal blocks for it, Union Power Minister Piyush Goyal announced today.
“The Centre will soon initiate the process for 4,000 MW UMPP in Bihar and allocate sufficient number of coal blocks to cater to it. We want that the electricity requirement of the state is met by production here itself,” he said.
The union minister was talking to reporters here after returning from the commercial launch of the 660 MW unit IV of Barh Super Thermal Power Plant. He also inaugurated the commercial operation of the second 110 MW unit of the first phase of Kanti Thermal Power Station in Muzaffarpur district.
“This is a golden day for the people of the state as they have been deprived of electricity for several years. The two units inaugurated today will provide around 800 MW thereby helping farmers in irrigation and industrial growth,” he said.
Four more 660 MW units would be set up at the Barh STPP, which will take its power production capacity to 3300 MW. These units will be completed within four years.
Goyal said the two 195 MW units at Kanti would be renovated within a year and he would try to get the approval for 132 MW hydel project at Baghmara in Supaul district.
These were part of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s special attention towards the eastern states for improving their power situation, he said.
“We have clear-cut instruction from the PM to extend all help to eastern states including Bihar to make them self-reliant in the power sector.”
The union minister said Bihar Chief Minister Jitan Ram Manjhi as well as senior BJP leaders Sushil Kumar Modi and Nand Kishore Yadav had met him with a list of proposals, including uninterrupted electricity supply and the Centre assured them of all help.
“There is clear-cut instruction from the PM not to bring any politics in power sector in energy-starved eastern states like Bihar, Odisha and West Bengal.” he said, adding the Deendayal Upadhyay Gram Jyoti Yojna to provide uninterrupted power to farmers through dedicated feeders would be launched in Bihar soon.
At the launch ceremony at Barh, Manjhi raised the issue of slow pace of construction of houses for the poor under the Indira Awas Yojana (IAY) and said only 2.8 lakh houses were approved against a need for 6 lakh.
To this Goyal answered that the numbers were cut down by the previous UPA government at the centre on the basis of the census figures and the NDA government is formulating a new scheme to solve the housing needs of the poor.
Manjhi also raised the demand for special status for Bihar and reimbursement of Rs 1,000 crore spent by the state government for the repair of national highways.
The union minister said the Centre is making all out efforts to help all the eastern states.
TAGS: Bihar Piyush Goyal
More from economy
Stalled infrastructure projects set for a big push Sebi is considering changing rules to allow Indian banks to convert a larger portion of their loans into equity at less than...

Drawing a line inwaterSkenitta, wife of K Prakash, one of the four sentenced to death, works as a nursing assistant. (Source: Express photo by Arun Janardhanan)
Written by Arun Janardhanan | Posted: November 16, 2014 1:07 am | Updated: November 16, 2014 6:03 am
Every morning, fishermen set off from the Pamban coast in TN, braving the high-seas and the patrol boats of the Lankan navy. They also dangerously step over to the other side, like the five fishermen recently sentenced to death by a Lankan court for alleged drug trafficking did did three years ago.
Every time a helicopter from the naval air base at Rameswaram hovers over the small town at the western edge of Pamban island, three-year-old Jayesh would look up, narrow his eyes into a slit and ask his grandmother, “Appa thaan veetukku varangalaa (Is father coming home)?” Jayesh has never seen his appa.
He was curled up in his mother’s womb when his father K Prasad set off with his four friends on their fishing boat, like he did every morning. But that day, on November 28, 2011, the Sri Lankan navy took him into custody from Lankan waters for allegedly smuggling heroin. Two weeks ago, a Sri Lankan court sentenced Prakash and four other fishermen on that boat to death.
“I was all alone until I shifted to my parents’ house recently,” says Prakash’s wife Skenitta, 27. “Somewhere in my mind, I still believe he will come back.” After Prakash’s arrest, she learnt a bit of nursing and now works as a nursing assistant at a hospital in Pamban. Her mother sells dosas on the Pamban coast. “My salary of Rs 2,000 and the little money my mother earns keep us going,” she says.
The last time her son Roshan saw his father was on the day he turned one; the boy is now four.
Indian fishermen setting out into the waters face risk of ending up on the other side every day. (Source: Express photo by Arun Janardhanan)
Skenitta says they may be poor — Prasad earned between Rs 300 and 800 a day, depending on the catch — but refuses to believe he could have been involved in smuggling drugs. “He was never that adventurous. He never tried his luck with even a lottery ticket. I can believe his boat crossed the boundary line, but not this crime,” she says.
According to the chargesheet submitted before the Sri Lankan court, P Emerson, 40, P Agustus, 32, R Wilson, 42, K Prasad, 30, and J Langlet, 22, were “engaged in smuggling heroin” when the Lankan navy intercepted their boat around 9 pm near northern Jaffna. The case document, which The Sunday Express has accessed, says that a patrolling team of 17 cadets and three commanders of the Lankan navy intercepted two boats on November 28, one with a Sri Lankan registration and the other, an Indian boat with five fishermen on board. The occupants of the two boats were allegedly spotted exchanging objects in mid-sea.
The chargesheet also said the navy personnel seized three packets of heroin from the Lankan boat and another packet from the waters. Though the chargesheet doesn’t mention seizures from the Indian boat or fishermen, the five Indians were taken into custody and it was established, based on circumstantial evidence, that they had given the packets of narcotics to the Sri Lankans. Severe charges have been pressed against the five.
Investigators said the Indian fishermen were acting as couriers, a theory that has been established before the court given the nature of this sea route — a stretch that measures 30 km between India and Sri Lanka which once played a major role in sustaining the civil war in the island nation, ensuring supplies of food and petrol to LTTE operatives from their sympathisers in Tamil Nadu. After the war ended in 2009, the sea route became a preferred route for smugglers to ship counterfeit currency, gold and heroin, forcing Lanka to step up its watch.
Every morning, the coast on the island of Pamban or Rameswaram wakes up to the din of boats being pushed out into the sea, fishermen hollering at each other, their nets all rolled up until they are unfurled in mid-sea. Most boats set out to sail at 6 am only to return the next morning. There are more than 1,500 fishing trawlers competing for space — and catch — around Pamban and Mandapam, another coast 11 km from the mainland. Each boat sets off with five to seven fishermen and three fishing nets. The deeper they go, the higher their chances of coming back with nets brimming with fish. But they know each journey is fraught with risks.
“Going into the sea has become dangerous ever since the war ended in Sri Lanka. Those days, there was hardly any fishing from the Sri Lankan side and no Lankan navy either. Now, it’s different. If they decide to arrest us, there is very little we can do. We can’t even inform other Indian boats in the vicinity as very few boats are equipped with GPS or any communication equipment. The VHF (Very High Frequency) radios on board the boats don’t always work,” says Raja Pandian, 55, a fisherman who was arrested thrice by the Lankan navy in the last three years. But that hasn’t deterred him from setting sail every morning.
Pamban island on the Indian side and Thalaimannar on the Sri Lankan side are like two outstretched hands that never meet. Between them runs the International Maritime Boundary Line (IMBL), the theatre of most maritime disputes between the two countries and a mere 11 km from the Rameswaram coast.
Jersan, 40, a fisherman from Thangachimadam village on Pamban, says they have no option but to cross the boundary line. “If we strictly adhere to the international line, our fishing area will be limited to less than 4 km from the coast. The rest of the sea is out of bounds for us because of the rocks,” he says.
Ever since news of the sentencing reached them, the families of those convicted have been running around to be heard. A monthly allowance of Rs 7,500, announced by the Jayalalithaa government in 2012, supports them. Two weeks ago, Emerson’s wife Lavanya had approached the Madurai bench of the Madras High Court seeking the court’s intervention to appoint a counsel for the fishermen. The state government has now announced Rs 20 lakh to file an appeal in the Lankan Supreme Court.
With pressure mounting on the Centre to intervene on behalf of the fishermen, on November 4, the High Commissioner to Sri Lanka visited the five fishermen in jail and assured them help. In Ramanathapuram and Rameswaram, people have taken out protest marches, even damaged rail tracks and burnt down buses. Vaiko, whose MDMK is an ally of the BJP, lashed out at the Centre “for giving too much freedom to Sri Lanka”.
Maritime experts say the case of the fishermen was a tragedy waiting to happen. They point to the overpopulation of fishing trawlers along the Rameswaram coast and the overexploitation of resources that eventually forces Indian fishermen to cross the IMBL. While Indian fishermen use trawlers that wipe clean the sea bed, disturbing the marine ecosystem, Lanka has banned these high-powered trawlers and their fishermen mostly use catamarans and other small boats. Besides, there has been a steep increase in the number of fishing trawlers on the Indian side — from 300 in the early 1980s to over 1,500 at present.
Commodore R S Vasan, maritime safety expert and former eastern regional commander of the Indian Coast Guard, says, “What leads Indian fishermen into such situations is primarily the lack of policies and regulations. The unfair fishing practices of Indian trawlers cannot be ignored. Besides ignoring the crisis of Indian fishermen, we are ruining the livelihood of poor Sri Lankan fishermen.”
Indians in Lankan jails
# 28 Indians in all are imprisoned in Lanka. Other than the five who were recently sentenced to death, the others are undertrials, mostly facing charges of smuggling drugs.
# 24 Indian fishermen are in custody for crossing the borders.
# 82 Indian fishing trawlers are in Lankan custody.
# 30 Indian fishermen were released two months ago.

Top US general in Iraq to assess anti-Islamic StatecampaignAmerica's top military leader arrived in Iraq on Saturday on a previously unannounced visit.
By: Associated Press | Baghdad | Posted: November 16, 2014 1:02 am
America’s top military leader arrived in Iraq on Saturday on a previously unannounced visit, his first since a US-led coalition began launching airstrikes against the extremist Islamic State group.
The visit by Army General Martin Dempsey, chairman of the US Joint Chiefs of Staff, came just two days after he told Congress that the United States would consider dispatching a modest number of American forces to fight with Iraqi troops against the extremist group.
The Iraqi military and security forces, trained by the US at the cost of billions of dollars, melted away in the face of the group’s stunning offensive this summer, when it captured most of northern and western Iraq, including the country’s second-largest city Mosul.
Dempsey said Thursday that Iraqi forces were doing a better job now, although an effort to move into Mosul or to restore the border with Syria would require more complex operations.
He also told the US House Armed Services Committee that America has a modest force in Iraq now, and that “any expansion of that, I think, would be equally modest.”
“I just don’t foresee a circumstance when it would be in our interest to take this fight on ourselves with a large military contingent,” he said.
Dempsey’s spokesman, Air Force Col. Ed Thomas, said the general planned to visit US troops, commanders and Iraqi leaders. “The primary purpose of his visit is to get a firsthand look at the situation in Iraq, receive briefings, and get better sense of how the campaign is progressing.”
The visit included talks in Baghdad with Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi and US Ambassador Stuart E. Jones, Thomas said.
Dempsey later flew to Irbil, capital of Iraq’s largely autonomous northern Kurdish region, where he met with Kurdish Prime Minister Nechirvan Barzani.
Dempsey also visited the US joint operations center in Irbil, got a briefing on the Kurdish offensive against the Islamic State group and held a town hall with deployed troops there, Thomas said.
The Pentagon has plans to establish an expeditionary advise and assist center in Irbil where US troops will provide assistance to Iraqi forces at the brigade and higher levels. The US also is planning to set up a training site near Irbil.
According to plans laid out last week, the US expects to train nine Iraqi security forces brigades and three Kurdish Peshmerga brigades.
Dempsey’s visit to Iraq comes a day after Iraqi forces drove Islamic State militants out of a strategic oil refinery town north of Baghdad, scoring their biggest battlefield victory yet.
On Saturday, state television said government forces were in full control of the refinery, Iraq’s largest, which lies some 20 kilometers (15 miles) north of the town of Beiji.
The loss of Beiji marks the latest in a series of setbacks for the jihadi group, which has lost hundreds of fighters to US-led coalition airstrikes continued…

Hoping to silence Norwegian critics  New York chef shoots for gingerbread house world record. Again.By Peter Holley November 14 Follow @peterjholley
When complete, Gingerbread Lane in New York will consist of 1,020 buildings and weigh almost 5,000 pounds. (AP)
Less than two months after he’d constructed the largest Guinness-certified gingerbread village in the history of mankind, Jon Lovitch was already preparing to best himself. It was mid-January, and Lovitch was holed up in his Bronx apartment in the pre-dawn hours baking gingerbread housings and slathering them with frosty white icing, and then dutifully shelving each one in a spare bedroom.
With ritualistic consistency, Lovitch would maintain a 20-hour-a-week baking schedule for the next 10 months.
The goal was not only to maintain his world record by constructing more than six times more gingerbread houses than the previous year’s total (jumping from 157 houses to 1020), but to ruthlessly silence his fiercest critics in Bergen, Norway.
Despite Lovitch’s certified world record, residents of the 1,000-year-old municipality on the far side of the Atlantic continue to declare themselves — both on a tourism board’s Web site and in the media — the architects of the “ world’s biggest gingerbread town .”
“They’re liars,” Lovitch told The Post in an interview Friday. “There’s an incredible amount of sour grapes over there in Europe, but in Norway to be specific. They act like they own Christmas and they called me the Yankee who stole the record.”
The nerve!
A lesser gingerbread baker may have been intimidated by the competition in Northern Europe or satisfied with the world record. But Lovitch — the 38-year-old executive chef at New York’s famed Algonquin Hotel — got angry. And motivated.
“Once all this crap with Norway started, I was like, ‘You know what, I got this,’ ” he said. “I’m assuming they’re going to make a run for the record this year, but I’ve got the record and I want to keep it in a manner that will silence my critics.”
For their part, the Norwegians have maintained an extreme confidence that borders on cockiness.
“Once again we have the record,” Steinar Kristoffersen, chief architect of Bergen’s gingerbread village known as “Pepperkakebyen,”  told the Local  after last year’s village was completed. “It’s just totally amazing, we simply have the largest, most beautiful and best gingerbread city in the universe.”
The controversy has been swirling for almost a year and began as soon as Lovitch was crowned the international king of candy land. By his own admission, it stems from the fact that, in sheer size and number of gingerbread buildings, the baked-and-iced Norwegian town is indeed bigger.
Not that it matters, he said: In addition to being liars, he says, the Norwegians are also cheaters.
“They very clearly use hot glue guns, cotton and wood,” he said. “They have model trains, fake bushes and benches. Guinness is very clear on that. They can’t get the record because they can’t follow the rules.”
The Guinness rules for creating the largest gingerbread village, according to Lovitch, are long and seemingly arbitrary. They require, for example, that builders create a continuous township of at least 100 houses, each no less than 5.9 inches in height; the township must be at least 10 percent “commercial” and incorporate components of an actual town (i.e. a school, town hall, fire station, etc.).
And forget about graham cracker buttresses or chocolate street lamps, because builders are strictly limited to gingerbread, plus icing and candy. Perhaps most importantly, every structure has to be edible.
“I’m not a rule follower,” Lovitch said. “I speed, I pay my taxes late, and if my girlfriend gives me an order, I never follow it. But with Guinness, I knew their policies and what it would take to get that record. That’s how you win the game!”
Last year, the Norwegians told reporters that they had not decided whether to approach Guinness after being stymied by all the “zoning” rules.
“The difference is that the one in New York is all made from the same recipe, and when it’s the same recipe he can make sure that all of it is edible,” another Norwegian, Thomas Ottosson, told the Local . “Guinness have some rules that everything should be edible, and they need the recipes.”
Back in New York, Lovitch has nearly completed his newest gingerbread village; he is assembling it at the New York Hall of Science in Queens. His materials include 3,550 pounds of icing, 700 pounds of candy and 600 pounds of dough, according to the Associated Press .
Lovitch is fairly confident that will own a new world record within a matter of weeks, but, he said, he can’t be certain until his competition shows its gingerbread hand.
Assuming he wins, claiming his second word record in as many years, he already knows what he’ll do next.
“I’m going to celebrate by spending a week alone in the mountains with my girlfriend, away from the city,” he said, “and away from gingerbread.”

Narendra Modi cheated people; NDA followed UPA in SC on black money: DigvijayFIPB role shrinks amid easier FDI flows
Congress today accused Prime Minister Narendra Modi of “cheating” people on the black money issue, and said though he had made tall claims on repatriating the ill-gotten money in the run-up to elections the NDA government is doing a flip-flop after assuming power.
“Why Modi has cheated people on the issue of black money? The government has no idea about the amount of money stashed in foreign banks.
“But in the run-up to Lok Sabha polls, while a yoga guru claimed that Rs 400 lakh crore were deposited outside the country, Modi talked about Rs 70 lakh crore,” Congress General Secretary Digvijay Singh said when asked about Modi raising the issue of black money in Brisbane, Australia.
“They should explain from where they have got these figures,” he said.
Modi, who is attending G-20 Summit in Australia, today said that repatriation of black money kept abroad is a “priority” for his government, as he sought close global coordination to achieve this objective.
The prime minister raised the black money issue at an informal meeting of leaders of the five-nation BRICS bloc.
“Modi said that he would ensure that every citizen get Rs 3 lakh when black money is brought back to the country, but now the government told the Supreme Court that it has no idea about the figure and took the (same) stand that the Congress -led UPA government had taken in the apex court.
“I am also a member of the Finance Committee and the Secretary of Revenue had informed me that three committees that were constituted earlier have submitted their report on the issue,” Singh, who is also a Rajya Sabha member, said.
“They (government) said they will examine the report which will take six months for evaluating the exact figure that was stashed in foreign banks. Besides, government will also have to define (what constitutes) black money as only that money which had been earned through criminal means falls under the definition of black money,” he said.
Apart from that it (government) has to sign agreements with the countries where it (black money) is deposited, Singh said.
“Now Modi has realised it and took the same position as the UPA government had taken in the apex court on the issue,” Singh said, adding “at that time present Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had strongly denounced us on the issue.”
“They (BJP) have cheated people on the issue and Congress will make people aware that they had been fooled,” he said.
Asked about senior Congress leaders in Madhya Pradesh quitting the party on the issue of distribution of tickets for upcoming local body elections, Singh parried the question, saying “awarding party tickets is not an easy job. I have directed those who approached me on the issue towards the state unit Congress president Arun Yadav.”
Senior Congress leaders, including MLA Govind Singh, former MP Prem Chand Guddu and state unit vice-president Manak Agrawal, had resigned from their posts in protest against the alleged bias in distribution of party tickets for the local body polls.
TAGS: Black Money Digvijay Singh Narendra Modi
More from economy
Stalled infrastructure projects set for a big push Sebi is considering changing rules to allow Indian banks to convert a larger portion of their loans into equity at less than...

Orissa to partner NMDC for mining of ironorePrint
Written by Priyadarshi Siddhanta | New Delhi | Posted: November 16, 2014 2:18 am | Updated: November 16, 2014 2:21 am
The Orissa government has decided to tie-up with the country’s largest public sector miner NMDC to jointly explore iron ore. The state’s decision comes in the wake of a steep fall in earnings from mining operations.
A top official of the steel ministry told The Indian Express on Thursday that the state government’s mineral exploration arm Orissa Mining Corporation (OMC) is likely to ink an agreement with NMDC soon to form a special purpose vehicle (SPV. NMDC would have 49 per cent stake and OMC 51 per cent in the venture.
“The initial pooled corpus of both the PSUs is likely to be close to Rs 3,000 crore for the SPV and they would aim to produce around 10 million tonne of iron and manganese ores within five years,” the official said.
At a meeting convened in Bhubaneswar last week, Orissa chief secretary GC Pati told OMC and NMDC’s top brass to form a SPV “as early as possible” and commence works like land acquisition and identifying iron mines to be jointly explored by them.
The venture is important for the state government as iron ore contributes over 50 per cent of the state’s total mining revenue and loss in its revenue generation could adversely impact the state’s overall financial position.
Till October, Orissa has generated mining revenue of Rs 2,343 crore against Rs 3,077 crore last year. It has set a target Rs 6,346 crore in 2014-15.

Shroff vs Shroff: Tussle over top law firm reaches Bombay HighCourtPrint
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 16, 2014 2:15 am
India’s top law firm, Amarchand Mangaldas & Suresh A Shroff & Co, Delhi managing partner Shardul Shroff Friday moved the Bombay High Court (HC) against his brother and Mumbai-region managing partner, Cyril Shroff over implementation their mother Bharti Shroff’s will, in what appears to be a tussle over control of the firm.
Shardul Shroff, the elder of the two brothers and whose law firm has a roster of blue chip clients including India’s top corporates has also filed a suit against Cyril and others, including Cyril’s wife Vandana Cyril Shroff, partners L Viswanathan, James Abraham, George Goulding, Ashwin Maheshwari and the law firm.
He has filed a probate petition in the HC to get the will of his mother certified. Bharti Shroff passed away in August leaving behind a will.
A probate petition is filed to get a will of a deceased person certified by the court.
The dispute centres around implementation of Bharti Shroff’s will. She had reportedly willed her equity in the firm to her elder son, Shardul though an earlier agreement indicated that the family’s equity holding would be equally divided.
The two brothers jointly hold close to 60 per cent of the firm’s equity now.
The firm was started in 1917 by Amarchand Shroff, the grandfather of Shardul and Cyril, who are the two managing partners. They took charge in 1994 after the death of their father, Suresh. Shardul is four years older than Cyril.
The two brothers and their firm are advisors to some of the biggest names in the corporate world such as Reliance, the Tatas, the Aditya Birla group, Vedanta Resources and Morgan Stanley besides being engaged with top regulators especially in the financial sector.
While the Delhi-based Shardul focuses on corporate advisory and policy initiatives, Cyril who is in charge of operations in Mumbai and the southern region is much sought after in the area of mergers and acquisitions besides private equity.
Amarchand Mangaldas now has over 600 lawyers and close to 90 partners. The hearing of the case will take place after a fortnight.

Watch Live as Ebola Patient Arrives in U.S.watch live as ebola patient arrives in u.s.
SAP to pay Oracle $359 million to end bitter legal battleSAN FRANCISCO, November 14, 2014
Updated: November 14, 2014 07:38 IST
SAP to pay Oracle $359 million to end bitter legal battle
AP
The resolution comes seven years after Oracle Corp. sued SAP AG.
TOPICS
litigation
Business software maker SAP is paying rival Oracle $359 million to settle a bitter battle over the theft of copyrighted instruction manuals and other technical information.
The resolution disclosed in a Thursday court filing comes seven years after Oracle Corp. sued SAP AG for a scheme engineered by a small software services company called TomorrowNow. SAP, which is based in Waldorf, Germany, bought TomorrowNow for $10 million.
A jury initially awarded Oracle $1.3 billion in damages, but a federal judge lowered the amount to $272 million. An appeals court in August rejected Oracle’s request to reinstate the original damages and ruled the Redwood Shores, California, company was entitled to $356.7 million in damages or a new trial.
Oracle chose to accept $356.7 million in damages plus $2.5 million in interest.

AAP woos voters promising 8 lakh jobs and 20 new collegesYou are here: Home > Collections
AAP woos voters promising 8 lakh jobs, 20 new colleges
PTI Nov 15, 2014, 11.56PM IST
Tags:
Aam Aadmi Party
(AAP today launched a five-point programme for…)
NEW DELHI: Kickstarting its sessions to connect with the masses and woo voters ahead of Delhi assembly polls, AAP today launched a five-point programme for the youth, promising 8 lakh jobs, vocational training, setting up of 20 new colleges, sports facilities and having wi-fi connectivity across Delhi.
The party formally launched the Delhi Dialogue, an interactive initiative to connect with voters of different stratas of society, and spelt out its strategy for youth. The party will come up with a 50-point programme catering to different sections of the society.
Highlighting the issue of admission, faced by students especially after class XII, AAP's National Convenor Arvind Kejriwal said the main cause of the the problem was lack of infrastructure in the education sector.
"No new college has been built since last 15-20 years, which is leading to this problem. Giving education to the these students will be government's responsibility. We will double the number of existing seats and construct 20 new colleges for the youth.
"Many villages have also complained about lack of educational institutions. The government will build colleges in these villages to ensure that the students there get admission," Kejriwal said at a function held at Jantar Mantar here.
He said if his party voted to power the new government will also ensure that students get loan for pursuing their education.
"The government will also be a guarantor to these students so that they don't have to mortage their property and valuables to get education," he said.
The AAP chief also tried to woo the youth by making Delhi a wi-fi city.
"We are working on the details to have wi-fi across Delhi," he said.
The former Chief Minister said efforts would be made to fill over 50,000 vacancies of doctors, teachers, nurses and other professionals in the Delhi government.
"The colleges the government would build will be designed in a way that students won't have to look for jobs. It will have incubation centres. After passing out, the student can be given a facility to carry out his venture and we will also help to get loan through banks. We will create the Delhi Skill Mission, which will help generate 8 lakh jobs in Delhi," he said.
Kejriwal said his government will not "snatch" the employment of youth, but work towards it. He said lack of infrastructure and wrong policies were leading to business moving out of the National Capital.
"Few years back, Delhi had some 29 industrial areas, but today it has come down to 7-8 because of lack of power, road and water. We will ensure that these industrial areas have upgraded infrastructure so that industries can again come back. We will also reduce VAT," he said.
Kejriwal said his government will focus on skill development of youth and train them in new areas.
Emphasising the role of sports, he said the government will not only create and upgrade the sports infrastructure, but also adopt the best talents and promote them. He said the government was ready to develop sports infrastructure in far-flung villages of Delhi if they offered land.
  "There are some 1800 MCD, 1200 Delhi and some 1000 private schools which have grounds, but are closed after working hours. We will open all of them.
"The government will adopt sports talent and promote them so that they can compete at the national and international level. We will also get rid of politicians and bureaucrats from all the sports bodies, which will be managed by sports experts," he said.
Expressing concern about the growing drug menace in the country, Kejriwal said his party will ensure that the national capital does not become a second Punjab.
"The party has decided to provide mobile governance to people following which Delhiites can connect to government through their smartphones. People can also see government's work and even discuss their problems with government on their phone due to which city can be made corruption-free," AAP leader Ashish Khetan, who is heading the Delhi Dialogue team, said.
Khetan also said that there are several heritage sites in the national capital, but tourists, including foreign tourists, go to other countries.
"We have also plans to make Delhi a tourist hub after coming to power," he said.
Another senior party leader Yogendra Yadav also said, "AAP has initiated new rules of politics in Delhi. We have sought suggestions of people to make blueprint of our election manifesto.I would also like to know from BJP and Congress to adopt such pattern and campared their manifestos to ours which one is good."
Yadav also said that party will focus on different issues like women security, employment, education, health and among others. The next round of Delhi dialogue would be on November 26, the foundation day of the party.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Brisbane Diary: India-US-Australia connectionPrint
PRIM MINISTER Narendra Modi with French President Francois Hollande at the bilateral meeting in Brisbane on Saturday. (Source: PTI)
Written by P Vaidyanathan Iyer | Brisbane | Posted: November 16, 2014 2:24 am | Updated: November 16, 2014 2:33 am
Born in the US in 1876, Walter Burley Griffin designed the Austrlian capital Canberra. And he spent his last 15 months in India. Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who plans to have many ‘smart cities’ in India, discovered this after learning more about Canberra, an entirely planned city built in 1908, and designed by Griffin, an architect and landscape artist. Griffin originally came from Chicago, and also designed the University of Lucknow besides other marquee buildings. Modi struck a chord with US President Barack Obama and Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott by sharing this fascinating story of how the society was open even 100 years ago. His final resting place is at the Lucknow Christian Cemetery.
Modi show at Allphones Arena
The Sydney Allphones Arena has a seating capacity of 16,664. But the organisers received 27,000 registrations. The job has been left to various community organisations to distribute the tickets, that are said to be free. According to sources, the budget of the event tops $600,000, which the local organisers said, has been voluntarily funded by many without any contributions by the political party or the Indian government. A la Madison Square, Modi’s hour-long address to the diaspora will be preceded by cultural events. The highlight, said Balesh Dhankar, Overseas Friends of BJP, will be a cultural programme that will ‘reveal’ that Indians migrated 5,300 years ago to be the Aboriginals in Australia. This will deepen our ties further, he added.
The bilaterals continue
On Day 2 at Brisbane, the prime minister had bilateral meetings with French President Francois Hollande and Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper. It was their first meeting with the Indian Prime Minister, but both invited him over to their countries. While there were no specific talks with Hollande on the Rafale deal, Modi assured Harper that he will pursue the proposal on India-Canada Comprehensive Economic Cooperation Agreement and that he was committed to bring about tangible progress. For Harper, this is an important item since it was part of his agenda during the election campaign.

Small plane crashes in northern Mexico  6deadPrint
By: Associated Press | Mexico City | Posted: November 16, 2014 2:21 am
Authorities in the northern Mexican state of Tamaulipas say six people, including two 15-year-old girls, have been killed in a small plane crash.
An official from the state’s civil protection agency said Saturday the seven-seat Cessna had initially taken off from San Luis Potosi in central Mexico on Friday and made a stop in the Tamaulipas state capital of Ciudad Victoria before heading for its final destination of Torreon, in the northern state of Coahuila. The official did not have authorisation to talk with reporters and spoke on condition of anonymity.
The accident occurred about 5:30 p.m. Friday, but authorities couldn’t reach the crash site until Saturday morning because of bad weather and the area’s inaccessibility.
Those killed were three adult women, the two adolescent girls, and the pilot.

Vladimir Putin to quit G20 summit after rebukes over UkraineYou are here: Home > Collections > Summit
Russian President Vladimir Putin to quit G20 summit after rebukes over Ukraine
AFP Nov 15, 2014, 11.53PM IST
Tags:
America
(Putin is to walk out of a G20…)
BRISBANE: Russian President Vladimir Putin intends to cut short his attendance at a G20 summit in Australia, an official said today, after he faced Western scorn and scepticism over Ukraine despite venturing to paper over Europe's deepest chill in relations since the Cold War.
The abrupt decision threatens to upend the annual summit's focus on revamping the global economy and addressing the Ebola epidemic in west Africa.
"The programme of the second day (Sunday) is changing, it's being cut short," a source in the Russian delegation told AFP on condition of anonymity.
Putin will attend summit sessions on Sunday but will skip an official lunch and address reporters earlier than planned, the source said, adding: "Lunch is more of an entertainment."
But the Kremlin, mindful that Putin's exit might further stoke tensions, quickly moved to quash speculation that the Russian strongman was leaving early and that "no one is putting pressure".
"The G20 summit will be over tomorrow (Sunday), Putin will certainly leave it, when all the work is completed the president will leave," Putin's spokesman Dmitry Peskov said on Russian radio.
The Group of 20 nations, which includes the United States and China, found agreement in vowing to "extinguish" the Ebola outbreak -- albeit without any promise of hard cash -- as it worked to reboot growth in the world economy after the shock of the 2008 financial crisis.
But Ukraine is the most pressing test of the club's ability to marry its economic heft to diplomatic troubleshooting, given the Cold War-style divisions between Russia and the West exposed by the former Soviet satellite's separatist crisis.
Today, in a further acknowledgement that the Kremlin-backed statelets in Ukraine are effectively breaking away, President Petro Poroshenko issued a decree ordering the withdrawal of all state services from rebel-held eastern regions.
And officials said five civilians, including two children, and three more Ukrainian soldiers died in the latest fighting north of Donetsk yesterday.
There was no immediate comment from the G20's Australian hosts or other delegations such as US President Barack Obama's to Putin's decision to leave early, which came after some testy exchanges in Brisbane today.
FEATURED ARTICLES

World leaders vow to  extinguish  EbolaYou are here: Home > Collections > Disease
World leaders vow to 'extinguish' Ebola
AFP Nov 16, 2014, 02.02AM IST
Tags:
Annick Girardin
(The world's most powerful…)
BRISBANE: The world's most powerful economies vowed on Saturday to "extinguish" the Ebola epidemic ravaging west Africa, as the vast desert nation of Mali scrambled to prevent a new outbreak of the killer disease.
Despite some hopeful signs from Africa -- where Liberia has lifted its state of emergency and the DR Congo announced the end of its own, unrelated, outbreak of Ebola -- the recent deaths of three people in Mali have fuelled fears of a new hotspot.
As pop stars recorded a new "Band Aid" single in London to help combat a disease that has killed more than 5,100 people in Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone, global leaders meeting in Brisbane made no new pledges of cash.
"G20 members are committed to do what is necessary to ensure the international effort can extinguish the outbreak and address its medium-term economic and humanitarian costs," the leaders said in a statement, as they welcomed the International Monetary Fund's initiative to release $300 million (240 million euros) to combat Ebola.
They also promised to share best practices on protecting health workers on the frontline, as a Sierra Leone doctor with US residency was flown to be treated at the Nebraska Medical Center in Omaha.
Described as "critically ill", Martin Salia will be the third Ebola patient treated at the facility. Both others survived.
"We immediately started preparing the unit and notifying staff members of this possibility," said Phil Smith , medical director of the bio-containment unit.
"We've obviously been through this a couple of times before, so we know what to expect."
The G20 pledge came as Togo, which is coordinating the west African fight, warned that the world "cannot relax efforts" despite some encouraging signals on the ground.
Senegal said Friday it was reopening its air and sea borders with Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone, although its land border with Guinea will remain closed. The news came a day after Liberia lifted its state of emergency, announcing huge gains in fighting Ebola.
The Democratic Republic of Congo -- where a three-month outbreak of a different strain of the disease claimed at least 49 lives since August -- declared itself Ebola-free on Saturday.
But attention has now turned to Mali where there are fears that an isolated outbreak could spark a major crisis after the deaths from Ebola of three people infected by a Guinean imam who died of the disease.
A fourth person, a doctor at the Bamako clinic where the cleric died, is in intensive care with Ebola. More than 250 people have been placed under observation.
Former colonial power France added Bamako to its list of destinations subject to Ebola flight checks, and its development minister, Annick Girardin , was to make an unscheduled visit to Mali on Saturday.
"The situation in Mali is worrying," she told AFP in the Guinean capital Conakry, saying she would "meet the Malian authorities to see how we can scale things up."
There is no known cure for Ebola, one of the deadliest known pathogens which spreads through contact with bodily fluids, but trials for several possible treatments were announced this week in west Africa and Canada.
The World Health Organization said Friday that 5,177 people are known to have died of Ebola across eight countries, out of a total 14,413 cases of infection, since December 2013.
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon urged "G20 countries to step up", warning that Ebola's disrupting effect on farming could potentially spark a food crisis for a million people.
"As rates decline in one area, they are rising in others. Transmission continues to outpace the response from the international community," Ban told reporters.
A joint petition from aid groups including Oxfam and Save the Children urged the G20 to band together to ensure that the right resources are made available in terms of staff, equipment and funding.
Artists including One Direction, U2 frontman Bono, Coldplay's Chris Martin and Sinead O'Connor were set to record late into the night for a 30th anniversary version of the charity single "Do They Know It's Christmas?".
"It's not just about what's happening in west Africa, it could happen here tomorrow," said rocker-turned-activist Bob Geldof , one of the forces behind the original Band Aid.
"We can stop this thing, we can allow mothers no matter where they are to be able to touch their dying children."
Making his way into the studio, Bono hit out at the response of rich countries, saying if they "kept the promises they make at these big G8 meetings and the like we wouldn't have to be standing here."
Set to air on Sunday before its official release Monday, the single will be the fourth incarnation of the song, which became one of the biggest-selling singles ever after its release in 1984 to raise funds for Ethiopian famine relief.
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://usat.ly/1qG7wvcDates you need to know for holiday shopping
Retailers are starting sales well before Black Friday.
Post to Facebook
Dates you need to know for holiday shopping Retailers are starting sales well before Black Friday. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1qG7wvc
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
5
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Dates you need to know for holiday shopping
Hadley Malcolm , USA TODAY 1:37 p.m. EST November 14, 2014
A crowd walks down an aisle at a Target Store in Colma, Calif., on Thanksgiving 2013.
(Photo: Jeff Chiu, AP)
164 CONNECT 69 TWEET LINKEDIN 5 COMMENTEMAILMORE
November is the new Black Friday, with sales already underway at major retailers and continuing throughout the month.
If you plan to shop, follow this rundown of deals to know when to go.
Walmart
Walmart already has several items online as part of an early Black Friday sale this week.
The retailer will have five days of Black Friday deals from Thanksgiving through Cyber Monday. Online deals on items including a Toshiba touchscreen laptop and Samsung Ultra HD Curved Smart TV will go online at 12:01 a.m. on Thanksgiving.
At 6 p.m. on Thanksgiving, stores will feature sales on Disney products, PlayStation 4, bed sheets and cookware.
At 8 p.m., Walmart will have electronics on sale, such as cameras, tablets, and Fitbit.
From 6 a.m. to noon on Black Friday, you'll get 30% off categories including Christmas lights, Fisher-Price toys, CDs, and select Samsung TVs. Through Sunday, tires, phones, and jewelry will also be discounted.
Saturday and Sunday shoppers will also find deals online leading up to Cyber Monday.
Black Friday doesn't have the best deals
Target
Nov. 23-29, Target's savings app Cartwheel will have exclusive deals and 25% off more than 100 items, such as bakeware, board games, and movies. Cartwheel also features a new toy at 50% off every day throughout the holiday season.
Look for a Black Friday pre-sale Nov. 26 online and in stores. Specific deals hav yet to be announced.
Stores will open at 6 p.m. on Thanksgiving, with online morning deals available. Deals will include savings on Beats headphones, the iPad Air 2, Xbox One, and PlayStation 4. Black Friday will feature savings on Target gift cards. There will be new deals Nov. 29.
Best Buy
Best Buy opens at 5 p.m. on Thanksgiving and will stay open until 1 a.m. Friday, then reopen at 8 a.m. that day. Look for two sets of doorbusters, one at 5 p.m. and another at 8 a.m. Friday. There will also be online-only doorbusters all day on Thanksgiving. There will be deals on TVs, iPad Air 2, Beats headphones, and the Nest smart thermostat.
Kohl's
Kohl's will start Black Friday deals online Nov. 24. Over 500 items will be on sale, especially toys and electronics. Stores open at 6 p.m. on Thanksgiving and will feature store-only promotions, including LG LED TVs and Canon PowerShot cameras.
Staples
Staples will have two weeks of Black Friday deals starting Nov. 16 in stores and online; another round of deals rolls out Nov. 23, with a separate set on Thanksgiving and Black Friday. Deals will be on touchscreen laptops, tablets, and a rebate for a free Kindle if you buy a laptop that's more than $399.
Sears
Shop Your Way members will have access to Black Friday deals starting Nov. 20 online through Nov. 21. Stores will open at 6 p.m. on Thanksgiving with more than 1,000 deals, including on washers and dryers, TVs, tires, and a treadmill.
Toys R Us
The toy store will have products related to Disney movie hit Frozen, store gift cards with purchase, and select toys on sale from Nov. 16- Nov. 22. Stores open at 5 p.m. on Thanksgiving.
164 CONNECT 69 TWEET LINKEDIN 5 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1qG7wvc
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

http://usat.ly/1uxn35wThe wheels come off at Hertz
By: Gary Strauss November 14, 2014 3:53 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
Time to turn in that rental car (stock?)
Hertz Global Holdings HTZ tumbled  14% early Friday before closing off 5% to $21.69 after the company said its internal audit of accounting errors would force the company to restate and substantially lower its results for 2011, 2012 and 2013.
Hertz said in corporate filings earlier this week that it wouldn’t be able to file its latest-quarter results because of the internal review and wouldn’t file updated financial results before mid-2015, delaying a planned spin-off of its equipment-rental division.
But even that may be optimistic. “There can be no assurance that the process will be completed at that time,” Hertzsaid in a Friday  Securities & Exchange Commission filing.
The holding company for Hertz, Dollar, Thrifty and Firefly rental vehicles first revealed some of its financial results for fiscal 2011 couldn’t be relied upon in March.
The Naples, Fla., based company has been seeking a new CEO to replace interim chief executive Brian MacDonald. Year-to-date, shares are off 32% from since hitting an August 2014 high.
 

SAIL chief gets award for excellence inleadershipPrint
By: ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi | Posted: November 16, 2014 2:36 am
CS Verma, chairman of public-sector steel maker SAIL, has been awarded the IIM-JRD Tata Award for ‘Excellence in Corporate leadership in Metallurgical Industries’ for the year 2014.
The award was presented by steel and mines minister Narendra Singh Tomar in Pune on Friday. Verma is the first chairman of SAIL to be chosen for the award.
Tomar said that the government is planning a research centre for steel to benefit the industry.
The IIM-JRD Tata Award for Excellence in Corporate leadership in Metallurgical Industries, was instituted by Tata Steel in 2007, the centenary year of the company and the diamond jubilee year of the Indian Institute of Metals.

10 babies  eachmotherlessAll women were under 30, belonged to BPL families and had been shepherded to the hospital by health workers on the promise of laparoscopic tubectomies for family planning and a monetary reward.
Written by Ashutosh Bhardwaj | Posted: November 16, 2014 2:35 am | Updated: November 16, 2014 8:34 am
Almost all the women who died in Chhattisgarh’s sterilisation drive last week left behind a child less than a year old, the youngest born just a month ago. Ashutosh Bhardwaj tells the stories of 10 of the 13 victims
It was around noon on November 8 that 83 women from Takhatpur block arrived at Nemi Chand Private Charitable Hospital right opposite Bilaspur zoo. All women were under 30, belonged to BPL families and had been shepherded to the hospital by health workers on the promise of laparoscopic tubectomies for family planning and a monetary reward. Surgeon Dr R K Gupta arrived only a couple of hours later. By 6-6.30 pm, all the women had been discharged.
The government claimed 83 surgeries were done in five hours; it may have been closer to three hours. That’s 2 minutes per surgery in a state headed by a doctor chief minister, and in the district of the state health minister. Government guidelines say a doctor should do no more than 10 laparoscopic tubectomies a day.
Once back home, the women consumed tablets given by the doctor and, within 24 hours, developed severe complications. The first death was reported at 8 am on Monday. However, the government went ahead with similar camps at three other places in Bilaspur — Gaurela, Pendra and Marwahi.
A total of 13 women have died since the surgeries — the death toll revised from 14 — while 122 who got operated in the four camps are still in hospital.
(All photographs are of relatives of the victims. Photo Source: Ashutosh Bhardwaj)
Janaki Suryavanshi, 26
Chichirda, 3 children
Janaki was the first victim. Her husband Vidyasagar is a daily labourer, and they lived with her parents as he had found no work in his village.
Janaki’s mother Anjora Bai recalls they had reached the hospital for the tubectomy around noon on November 8. “The doctor came around 3.30 pm and by 6 pm, the operation was over.”
Twenty-four hours later, Janaki’s condition had started deteriorating. Around 4 am on Monday, her family took her to Bilaspur District Hospital 20 km away. She died four hours later.
Janaki had studied up to Class VIII and named her three kids Abhay, Anushka and Arya. “Yes, these are unusual names in these parts, but she was fond of TV serials,” says younger brother Raju Suryavanshi.
Arya, Janaki’s youngest, is only nine months old. “He cries the whole night,” says Anjora Bai.
Chaiti Bai, 29
Dhanauli village, 2 children
“Quickly! Don’t waste time,” a policeman says, urging Nan Bai to put a thumb impression on a receipt. She is waiting outside the mortuary at Bilaspur District Hospital for the body of her daughter. The policeman wants Nan Bai to “sign” the receipt first. It is getting dark and they have to travel 150 km to reach their village. Chaiti’s five-month-old daughter wails in her grandmother’s arms.
At home, Chaiti’s husband Budh Singh is waiting with their other daughter.
Chaiti was among the women operated upon at Gaurela. She was different in that she was a Baiga, a primitive tribe protected under the law. They live in the forests, rarely step out and are so few in number that the government has banned their sterilisation.
Chaiti’s elder sister Lalli Bai tries to take the baby from Nan Bai, but she keeps crying. Nan Bai slides her blue blouse down and lets her daughter’s baby suckle on her breasts.
By this time, Chaiti’s body has been brought out and policemen hurriedly push it into an ambulance and shove the two women inside.
As they leave, another Baiga woman, Mangli Bai, is fighting for her life at the hospital.
Dularin Bai, 25
Lokhandi village, 2 children
It is the third day of Dularin’s death. Her family sits around her ashes, which are covered by an umbrella. Her mother-in-law Lachchan Bai cradles Dularin’s two-month-old baby. It’s a big family, with mostly landless labourers or masons. It is not clear who will take the ashes to a river.
Gora Bai, her mother, had rushed to her daughter’s bedside on hearing she had taken ill on November 9 and later accompanied her to hospital. “She was fine then. Her eyes sparkled as they took her inside the ICU,” Gora recalls, still in shock. The next time she saw her daughter, Dularin was dead.
The family attacks the government for its “lie” that the sterilisation camp lasted five hours. “Sab jhooth bol rahe hain. They finished it all in just two-three hours,” says Lachchan Bai.
Phool Bai, 28
Amsena village, 3 children
Phool Bai’s husband Roopchand remembers the exact time in the Bilaspur hospital’s clock when he heard the news of her death. The smaller needle was at 11, he says, the bigger one at 9. He could never have imagined entering a hospital such as the one before whose ICU he now stood, he says wryly.
Roopchand also remembers that Phool Bai hadn’t complained of any discomfort after the tubectomy. “She had vomited and complained of chest pain, but she seemed alright. Then a mitanin (woman health worker) came on Monday (November 10) and said we should go to Bilaspur,” Roopchand says.
The alarmed couple reached Bilaspur District Hospital within hours and were referred to first the Chhattisgarh Institute of Medical Sciences and then Apollo Hospital.
“At 11.09 pm, doctors said ‘Ek baar dekh lijiye, aapki patni mar gayi hai. Phir use freezer men rakh diya jayega (Doctors said your wife has died. You can see her once, then her body will be kept in the freezer),” he says.
Roopchand owns a small barber shop in Amsena. It was there that he tonsured the head of their youngest son, a five-month-old baby, after Phoolbai’s death.
Shivkumari Kevat, 27
Ganiyari village, 3 children
Her family comes under ‘Priority Households’, a special category of deprived people according to Chhattisgarh’s food security law. The card is in her name and has a curious addition in the index of family members: ‘Anisha, three months — daughter’.
Shivkumari gave birth to Anisha six months ago and immediately insisted that her name be added in the ration card, her most prized possession, the only paper that placed her above all the family members. Her husband Bahorik insisted that a three-month-old baby would never eat rice and need not be included in the card, but she didn’t listen. “I want my daughter’s name there,” she would say.
“She added a name. Now her own name would have to be removed,” her mother Kala Bai says crying.
Nem Bai Suryavanshi, 30
Ghuru village, 5 children
As a teenager, a botched surgery on his leg had left him partially crippled. The two decades since have been harsh, forcing him to work as a daily-wage labourer to support his family. Now they need him even more.
His wife Nem Bai was among those who died on November 10, leaving him with their five children, the youngest just three months old.
The SC family belongs to the poorest of the poor category and their Antyodaya ration card was in Nem Bai’s name. Under the state’s food security law, the card has to be in the name of the eldest woman in the household.
“We now have to name someone else the head of the family,” a relative says.
Three other women from Ghuru underwent the same operation as Nem Bai and are still in a serious condition.
Diti Yadav, 28
Dighora village, 3 children
The day of the surgery, Diti sat in a lorry with the other women and they were driven down to the camp. Diti’s mother-in-law Ganeshia Bai accompanied her. That was the last anyone home saw of Diti.
Her youngest child is just three months old. Her eldest son Nilkamal, 9, has left for Allahabad with his uncle to immerse his mother’s ashes in the Ganga. “Is this the age to perform a mother’s last rites?” asks Ganeshia, wiping her tears.
Ganeshia says while they were promised Rs 600 as incentive for the operation, health workers took Rs 200 of it as ‘travel charges’. Diti’s husband Dhanna Lal Yadav has been summoned by the police to register his statement.
Three more women of Dighora underwent the surgery. A week has gone by, but they are still in hospitals in Bilaspur.
Rekha Nirmalkar, 24
Amsena village, 2 children
Rekha and her husband Jagdhish live in another village and were visiting her family in Amsena when she decided to go in for the surgery. Rekha’s sister Santoshi says the women in their family went in for tubectomies irrespective of whether they had sons or daughters.
“She already had two children and we advised her to go for the operation. Maybe we should not have pushed her,” says Santoshi.
Santoshi and her sisters Nandini and Anjani have been taking turns to babysit Rekha’s four-month-old son Shubham. “He needs his mother’s milk. He already looks weak,” says Nandini, cradling the baby.
They also fear that Jagdhish, who has already received Rs 2 lakh in compensation, might remarry, leaving Rekha’s two children destitute.
“Can you tell them that they must deposit the amount in Shubham’s name?” pleads Anjani.
Ranjita Suryavanshi, 25
Nirtu village, 3 children
In her wedding photograph, Ranjita is a small wisp of a girl. Her head covered with a pallu, the teenager is too shy to raise her eyes. Her husband Santosh wipes the dust off the two photographs of that day. His muscled arms appear strong now after years of work as a labourer, but in the photographs, he is lean — and happy.
It’s their youngest child, one-month-old Ritesh, that Santosh worries constantly about. He has bought a 1 kg tin of infant milk food Amulspray, but that only reminds him of what his son will miss. “Would this milk powder work?” Santosh asks anxiously. “Maine suna hai maa ka hi doodh dena chahiye (I’ve heard that one should give only mother’s milk).”
His eldest daughter Priyanka is only seven. “Come, look straight. Photo khichega,” she says, nudging younger brother Ritesh towards the camera.
The government claims it brought all the women who underwent the laparoscopic tubectomies at Nemichand Private Charitable Trust to Bilaspur hospitals immediately after reports of ailments surfaced, but Santosh says he took his wife there on his own on November 10.
“We reached the hospital around 11 pm,” he says. “She died within an hour.”
Chandrakali, 29
Bharari village, 3 children
Chandrakali had come home from Pune, where she worked as a daily labourer with her husband Tirathram, when she was persuaded to opt for the surgery. On November 11, while he is rushing from Pune, his daughters Satyavati, 11, and Saraswati, 3, wait for their mother’s body outside the crowded mortuary of Chhattisgarh Institute of Medical Sciences.
It is the first day of postmortems, also the day eight young mothers die within the space of a few hours. Suddenly, two men bring a body outside and Satyavati gets up and rushes towards them. The men nonchalantly walk past her towards another waiting family. Satyawati shakes her head. All this while, Saraswati draws lines on the floor with her finger. Chandrakali’s youngest daughter is just a month old.

Surgeon with Ebola arrives in US fortreatmentA surgeon who contracted Ebola while working in Sierra Leone arrived in Nebraska Saturday for treatment.
By: Associated Press | Omaha | Posted: November 16, 2014 2:31 am
A surgeon who contracted Ebola while working in Sierra Leone arrived in Nebraska Saturday for treatment at a biocontainment unit where two other people with the disease have been successfully treated.
Dr Martin Salia, who was diagnosed with Ebola on Monday, landed at Eppley Airfield in Omaha on Saturday afternoon and was being transported to the Nebraska Medical Center.
The hospital said the medical crew transporting Salia, 44, determined he was stable enough to fly, but that information from the team caring for him in Sierra Leone indicated he was critically ill and “possibly sicker than the first patients successfully treated in the United States.”
The disease has killed more than 5,000 people in West Africa, mostly in Liberia, Guinea and Sierra Leona. Of the 10 people treated for the disease in the US, all but one has recovered.
Salia was working as a general surgeon at Kissy United Methodist Hospital in the Sierra Leone capital of Freetown. Kissy is not an Ebola treatment unit, but Salia worked in at least three other facilities, United Methodist News said, citing health ministry sources.
Salia is a Sierra Leone citizen who lives in Maryland.
The US State Department said it was helping facilitate the transfer of Salia; the US Embassy in Freetown said he was paying for the expensive evacuation. The travel costs and care of other Ebola patients flown to the US were covered by the groups they worked for in West Africa.
Salia’s wife, Isatu Salia, said in a telephone interview that when she spoke to her husband early Friday his voice sounded weak and shaky. But he told her “I love you” in a steady voice, she said.
The two prayed together, and their children, ages 12 and 20, are coping, Isatu Salia said, calling her husband “my everything.”
Salia came down with Ebola symptoms on November 6 but tested negative for the virus. He was tested again on Monday and tested positive. It wasn’t clear whether he has been involved in the care of Ebola patients.
Sierra Leone is one of the three West Africa nations hit hard by an Ebola epidemic this year. Five other doctors in Sierra Leone have contracted Ebola, and all have died.

India  China to roll out red carpet fortouristsLi Jinzao (front row, third from left), Chairman of China National Tourism Administration with delegates at the opening ceremony of the China International Travel Mart in Shanghai. (Source: Express photo by Utkarsh Anand)
Written by Utkarsh Anand | Shanghai | Posted: November 16, 2014 2:29 am | Updated: November 16, 2014 2:33 am
Prime Minister Narendra Modi played the perfect host and a guide to Chinese President Xi Jinping as he showed the Chinese premier around at the Sabarmati Ashram in Ahmedabad during the latter’s visit to India in September.
Buoyed by the experience, China too has geared up to welcome Indian tourists and has planned slew of measures to boost tourism opportunities.
With a special emphasis on India as a potential sector for its inbound tourism traffic, the China International Travel Mart (CITM) opened in Shanghai on Friday amid much fanfare.
The CITM, China’s biggest travel and tourism event, kicked off with participation of more than 100 nations, promoting various spots of tourism in their lands.
India emerged as a major point of discussion during the event as China National Tourist Office (CNTO) put its spotlight on developing bilateral tourism arrangements with India in order to promote tourism between the two neighbours.
The event marked forum discussions where deliberations took place to spot the areas which required attention of the stakeholders to develop relationship between the two countries and spur exchange of ideas through bilateral agreements on sectors like eduction, health, infrastructure and especially through tourism.
As a leading step towards achieving this goal, China will be promoting India as a tourism destination through the Indian government’s ‘Visit India’ campaign for 2015. India will reciprocate by promoting ‘Visit China’ campaign in 2016.
“We really want Indian tourists to visit China and see places like Shanghai, Beijing, Shanxi, Datong and many more spot they would find amazing variety of experiences,” Li Qianguo, CNTO head in India told The Indian Express.
China received around 6.8 lakh tourists from India in 2013. Li said that although this number is expected to rise by around 3-5 per cent this year, they would aim at a spurt of at least 10 per cent every year considering the potential of this sector.
“Promoting Indo-China relationship for tourism, we reckon, will be beneficial for both the countries and we are hopeful the new government will acknowledge the significance of developing relationships through tourism,” said Li on the sidelines of the event.
Li also said that China was training a cadre of English-speaking tourist guides to mitigate the communication related problems and have also identified places offering Indian cuisine, besides inviting tour operators and travel writers to experience China.
(The reporter was in Shanghai at the invitation of the CNTO.)

Slicing off 1 000kmThe distance will come down by 930km to be precise.
Written by Adam Halliday | Posted: November 16, 2014 2:44 am | Updated: November 16, 2014 12:26 pm
Mizoram is set to come closer to the rest of India and the world with a new road linking it to Myanmar, and onward to Kolkata. But first, the project has to take on challenges posed by nature, people and bureaucracy. Adam Halliday reports.
The road is layered with fresh mud from last night’s downpour. An earthmover has removed the small landslip that blocked it, paving the way for construction to continue, but machines trying to lay the tarmac are struggling against the mud. A steadily growing line of vehicles waits to cross the muddied patch. A worker, overseeing the construction, frantically waves at the vans and cars, trying to clear the track.
Passengers have their eyes set on a steep cliff, apparently worried it might crumble any moment and deposit more mud on the road.
It’s a grind that the construction workers and engineers go through every day, for five years, building a 12-metre-wide, 90-km road from Lawngtlai in southern Mizoram to Zochachhuah village on the Indo-Mynanmar border, running parallel to the Kaladan river. They are now in the process of cutting out the final 5 km of road from the hills.
By the time the final touches, including laying the tarmac, on the road to be called NH 502A are over, it will be mid-2016, two years beyond schedule. But it will shorten the current time taken to transport goods from Kolkata to Mizoram by three-four days, and the distance by more than 950 km. It will also change the face of Mizoram which, like other north-eastern states, is poorly connected to the rest of the country. The benefit may extend to the rest of the Northeast as well, as NH 502A joins NH 54 to Assam.
With eight-odd bridges, NH 502A will be like no other road in Mizoram. As it moves from Mizoram’s hills to Myanmar’s relatively plain topography, it becomes more levelled, wider and straighter than any other road in the state and with gradual rather than steep curves.
Curves. That’s what’s uppermost on Lalthanzuala Ralte’s mind. “I keep browsing the Internet for the length of the longest container trucks and then, when I’m on site, try to imagine if they will be able to negotiate the curves comfortably,” says the PWD Executive Engineer, making a wide, winding gesture from his vantage point at Circuit House in Lawngtlai.
Photos: Adam Halliday
The number of curves on the road are down from the original planned 1,081 to 764, although that’s still more than eight twists and turns every kilometre.
NH 502A is part of the much larger, grander Kaladan Multi-Modal Transport Transit Project (KMMTTP). Launched in 2009 by the UPA as part of its ‘Look East’ policy and now being pushed under the NDA’s ‘Act East’ programme, the overall KMMTTP project entails precisely the following: building the 90-km NH 502A to the Indo-Myanmar border; constructing a 140-km highway from there to Paletwa town in Myanmar; developing a river port at Paletwa on the Kaladan river, and connecting it via a 160-km waterway to Sittwe; and constructing a deepwater port at Sittwe to facilitate a sea route to Kolkata’s Haldia port, roughly 540 km away.
Though the Kaladan river runs through Mizoram as well, it is too narrow within the state for barges to travel.
A total of 30 bridges will be built over the total 230 km of road route.
The Myanmar end has been progressing slowly. Work on the highway to Paletwa is yet to begin, though building of the waterway to Sittwe and the development of ports at Paletwa and Sittwe is underway.
Officials in Mizoram call the KMMTTP the “future gateway to South East Asia”. During Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s visit to Myanmar this week, MEA Joint Secretary Sripriya Ranganathan called the KMMTTP a “totally win-win kind of a project in which we get the access that we seek to ensure to our Northeast, while Myanmar gets an asset which it will be able to use and that will benefit the people of a fairly backward and under-developed state”.
At a camp of RDS Project Limited, one of the two contractors building NH 502A, Joint Managing Director Rahul Garg is poring over a drawing board. Outside the camp are trucks, an assortment of machinery, workmen from Jharkhand and a temporary diesel pump.
 
Wiping sweat off his forehead, Garg says, “NH 502A’s starting point — the lone fuel station at Lawngtlai — is roughly 800 metres above sea level. Where I am right now is about 350 metres above sea level. That’s a drop of 450 metres in 70-odd km. Zochachhuah, the border village nearly 30 km away, is about 80 metres above sea level. From there, it’s all small hills.”
Geographical challenges apart, there are bureaucratic hurdles too. Ranjan, project manager for ARSS, hopes his workforce of 360 men can begin laying bitumen in a few weeks. He is confident of finishing the 26 km of road allotted to his company by the revised deadline of mid-2016, but for one hiccup: a tribal farmer on the bank of the small Ngengpui stream is refusing to accept the government compensation. Till he does, ARSS will not be able to build a 100-foot-long bridge over the stream. “The bitumen is already stocked, I have my stone crushers and other machinery in place. But I can only wait now,” he says.
The Mizoram PWD, the nodal agency, has asked for more funds and a second revision of project estimates. The difficulty can be gauged from the numbers: A workforce of 1,010 (including 51 cooks and 305 drivers and various machine operators) and 154 heavy machinery (including 33 excavators, 10 earthmovers and nine bulldozers) are permanently stationed at various points on the stretch, while contractors have set up four fuel pumps to power their operations. By the time NH 502A is complete, the PWD estimates 9 million litres of diesel would have been guzzled, 3,100 trees felled, 1,80,000 cubic metres of stones papered over with 60,000 barrels of bitumen, and 18 million cubic metres of soil removed. There have been 19 deaths since the project began — 13 due to malaria, six because of on-site accidents.
Heavy monsoons here also mean that the annual work season is just eight months long. Mir Thakur, a mechanical engineer with RDS, says he sat at home in Chandigarh for four months during this year’s rains.
In Myanmar, the story is the same. At Sittwe, more than 1.2 million cubic metres of soil, pebbles and rocks have to be dredged for the deepwater port, while an estimated 1,09,000 cubic metres of sand and pebbles have to be dredged to make the Kaladan river between Paletwa and Sittwe navigable for barges.
Sometimes the challenges have been big enough to force a change in course. For example, the initial plan was to link Sittwe with Kaletwa, a town north of Paletwa.
Like in Mizoram, power is erratic in Myanmar, mostly three to five hours a day. And the work season is just five months a year due to flooding of the Kaladan during monsoons, when its water level rises by up to 8 metres.
The Indian contractors insist they can do the job even across the border. Garg of RDS talks animatedly of a night he and his colleagues spent at Kaletwa during a reconnaissance some months ago. Unable to find a hotel, they stayed with a family in a bamboo hut. However, he adds ruefully, a joint venture between RDS and POSCO lost the bid to build the ports at Sittwe and Paletwa and the dredging contract to Essar.
“We will be bidding for constructing a part of the road till Paletwa,” Garg says.
Post-KMMTTP, other roads are being considered to upgrade Mizoram’s infrastructure. Last year, Chief Minister Lal Thanhawla laid the foundation stone for a 120-km road from Laki in Mara-tribe-dominated Saiha district, east of Lawngtlai, to Paletwa. Most tribes in Mizoram, including major ones like Lusei, Mara, Lai, Chakma and Bru, have relatives in either Myanmar or Bangladesh.
In the meantime, some families have already started settling around NH 502A. In fact, 60 Bru families from Darnamtlang village have moved down from the surrounding hills to just the level of the road in spite of objections by the PWD, and even started building a school.
Apart from the local tribes, businessmen can hardly hide their excitement. Expecting that one of the goods to move along the route would be narcotics, and fearing attacks from militants, the Home Department is planning to set up more police stations and check-posts along the stretch.
One “illegality” is already under investigation. Residents in Lai Autonomous District (within Lawngtlai district) have been demanding compensation for “private land”. As per an initial report by the Anti-Corruption Bureau, 1,024 of these “landowners” have made compensation claims for a total of 25,940 sq km of private land. That is 4,859 sq km more than the total area of Mizoram.
Lalrinliana Sailo, chairman of a five-member Estimates Committee, says compensation-related issues are partly behind the PWD asking for a revision of finances by more than Rs 100 crore.

Scotland s new leader eyes key role in Briti...You are here: Home > Collections
Scotland's new leader Nicola Sturgeon eyes key role in British politics
AFP Nov 15, 2014, 09.30PM IST
Tags:
Nicola Sturgeon
(Nicola Sturgeon, a tenacious…)
Scotland's new leader Nicola Sturgeon , a tenacious former lawyer and the brains behind an unsuccessful independence bid, looks ahead on Saturday to a future of political clout for her homeland.
The 44-year-old was crowned leader of the Scottish National Party on Friday, taking over from nationalist firebrand Alex Salmond after he resigned following defeat in September's referendum.
Sturgeon was due to deliver a speech at the party's annual conference on Saturday, which comes amid a surge in support for nationalists despite their loss in a historic vote that inspired many Scots.
Sturgeon is also expected to be voted in next week by the Scottish parliament to take over from him as first minister, a position that will be imbued with new powers if the British government keeps its promise to grant Scotland far greater autonomy.
The SNP may also have a "kingmaker" role following May's general election, according to recent polls showing a sharp decrease in support for the opposition Labour party in its Scottish strongholds.
She has already signalled she is still far from giving up on the dream of separation one day despite Scots voting 55 percent to 45 per cent against.
"I think we will become an independent country," she told a news channel on Friday after her appointment.
"I think that's the direction of travel but it will only happen when the people of Scotland choose it," she said.
Asked if that would be under her leadership, she replied: "I certainly hope so."
Salmond's deputy for years, Sturgeon has long harboured leadership ambitions of her own, and her bob haircut and political style have invited comparisons with German Chancellor Angela Merkel.
She was highly visible in the referendum campaign and oversaw the drawing up of the Scottish government's white paper on independence, a blueprint for separation from the United Kingdom.
Born in the town of Irvine on July 19, 1970, Sturgeon joined the SNP aged 16 and was soon appointed a coordinator for youth affairs and party publicity.
She has often talked about how she became politicised by witnessing Scotland's post-industrial decline during the "dark days of the Thatcher era" and she is seen as more left-wing than Salmond.
Inspired by her encounters with the nationalist movement when Margaret Thatcher was prime minister, she even managed to convince her parents of its merits and her mother later joined the ranks of the SNP as an elected official in North Ayrshire.
Sturgeon became a prominent member of the Glasgow University Scottish Nationalist Association while studying law, and worked as a lawyer in the city before committing full time to politics.
Her career has been an example in perseverance. In elections to the Scottish parliament in 1999 and 2003 her party finished behind Labour, but under electoral rules she still ended up becoming a local lawmaker for Glasgow.
She eventually secured outright victory in 2007 and served as member for Glasgow Govan.
She also won the "Scottish Politician of the Year" award in 2008 and 2012.
In 2004, she announced her intention to run for the party leadership following a poor performance in European Parliament elections.
But she withdrew her bid after Salmond declared his intention to run, and threw her weight behind his campaign.
Displaying a strong sense of humour, Sturgeon has joked to the Scottish press that she has no time for cooking, going to the theatre, cinema or concerts.
Her idea of paradise, she said, is a good book and a glass of wine.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Comet lander shuts down as batteries go flatComet lander shuts down as batteries go flat after sending data
By Reuters | 15 Nov, 2014, 09.58PM IST
Batteries aboard the European Space Agency's Philae comet lander drained, shutting down the washing machine-sized probe after an adventurous and largely unscripted 57-hour mission.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
A pioneering robotic spacecraft shut down on Saturday after radioing results of its first and probably last batch of scientific experiments from the surface of a comet, scientists said.
Batteries aboard the European Space Agency's Philae comet lander drained, shutting down the washing machine-sized probe after an adventurous and largely unscripted 57-hour mission.
Carried aboard the orbiting Rosetta mothership , Philae floated to the surface of comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko on Thursday, but failed to deploy anchoring harpoons.
Upon contacting the comet's unexpectedly hard surface, it bounced back up into space twice then came to rest at a still-unknown location about 1 km (0.6 mile) from its original target.
Photos and other data relayed by Philae show it finally landed against a cliff or crater wall where there was little sunlight to recharge its batteries. Racing against the clock, scientists activated a series of automated experiments, the first to be conducted from the surface of a comet.
Before dying, Philae defied the odds and radioed its science results back to Earth for analysis.
Its last task was to reposition itself so that as the comet soars towards the sun, Philae's batteries may recharge enough for a follow-on mission.
"Perhaps when we are nearer to the sun we might have enough solar illumination to wake up the lander and re-establish communication," spacecraft operations manager Stephan Ulamec said in a statement.
Scientists are particularly interested in learning about the chemical composition of any organic molecules in samples drilled out from the comet's body.
Comets are believed to be pristine remnants from the formation of our solar system some 4.6 billion years ago. They contain rock and ice that have preserved ancient organic molecules like a time capsule and may provide insight into how the planets and life evolved.
Philae's drill descended more than 25 cm (10 inches) on Friday, penetrating the comet's surface.
Rosetta in August became the first spacecraft to put itself into orbit around a comet. It will accompany the comet as it travels towards the sun for at least another 13 months.

Kalinganagar proj to be ready by Mar 2015: T...Kalinganagar project to be ready by March 2015: Tata Steel's TV Narendran
PTI Nov 15, 2014, 10.11PM IST
(With work going on at a fast…)
JAMSHEDPUR: Tata Steel's greenfield plant at Kalinganagar in Odisha is on track to start production by March 2015, the company's Managing Director (India and South East Asia) T V Narendran said today.
With work going on at a fast pace in the area, the plant will be ready by March next year, Narendran said to a question here.
The Odisha project is the second integrated unit of the home-grown steel major in India after Jamshedpur.
Meanwhile, referring to the closure of iron-ore mines, he said this has posed challenges for the private steel major.
Of the 2.5 million tonne requirement of raw material, Narendran said: "1.6 million tonne was imported even though our mines are merely a few hundred kilometres away from location."
It was only a loss for the country, he said while suggesting that the mineral law and regulation be made more transparent and consistent.
Narendran, who was talking to media after inaugurating the first four-day Pan-India Tribal Conclave-Samvaad at Gopal Maidan here, said the country has potential to achieve 7-8 per cent growth rate though it was not an easy task.
The government has to improve the infrastructure sector to realise this pace of growth, he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

China economic growth to be sustainable: Xi ...Beijing
(Chinese President Xi Jinping said…)
BEIJING: Chinese President Xi Jinping said on Saturday China's economy will maintain strong, sustainable and balanced growth, state media reported.
Xi also said China will provide more demand and investment opportunities for the global economy as it undergoes structural reforms that foster opportunities for growth, according to the official Xinhua news agency.
China's economy grew in the third quarter at its slowest pace since the global financial crisis, sparking concern that the world's second largest economy is faltering as the government tries to make it more driven by domestic consumption and less by exports and investment.
Xi made the comments while at a two-day meeting of the G20 in Brisbane , Australia.
Using his latest catchphrase, Xi said China's economy has entered a "new normal", there is plenty of growth momentum and development prospects are bright, Xinhua reported.
China will also adopt the International Monetary Fund's (IMF) Special Data Dissemination Standards, Xi announced.
These standards are applied to the release of economic and financial data, aimed at increasing transparency and openness in order to guide countries "that have, or that might seek, access to international capital markets in the provision of their economic and financial data to the public," according to the IMF website.
China's provinces and regions frequently report economic growth much larger than national levels, causing doubts about the way data is compiled in China.
China's government has vowed to tackle false reporting of economic data at the local level, but the sheer size of the country and the large number of local authorities makes this a daunting task.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Muslims  not Columbus  discovered Americas: ...Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan says Muslims, not Columbus, discovered Americas
AFP Nov 16, 2014, 02.08AM IST
Tags:
Americas
("Muslim sailors arrived…)
ISTANBUL: Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan today said that the Americas were discovered by Muslims in the 12th century, nearly three centuries before Christopher Columbus set foot there.
"Contacts between Latin America and Islam date back to the 12th century. Muslims discovered America in 1178, not Christopher Columbus," the conservative president said in a televised speech during an Istanbul summit of Muslim leaders from Latin America.
"Muslim sailors arrived in America from 1178. Columbus mentioned the existence of a mosque on a hill on the Cuban coast," Erdogan said.
Erdogan said that Ankara was even prepared to build a mosque at the site mentioned by the Genoese explorer.
"I would like to talk about it to my Cuban brothers. A mosque would go perfectly on the hill today," the Turkish leader said.
History books say that Columbus set foot on the American continent in 1492 as he was seeking a new maritime route to India.
A tiny minority of Muslim scholars have recently suggested a prior Muslim presence in the Americas, although no pre-Columbian ruin of an Islamic structure has ever been found.
In a controversial article published in 1996, historian Youssef Mroueh refers to a diary entry from Columbus that mentions a mosque in Cuba. But the passage is widely understood to be a metaphorical reference to the shape of the landscape.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Emirates brands Muslim Brotherhood terroristsEmirates brands Muslim Brotherhood terrorists
AP Nov 16, 2014, 02.02AM IST
Tags:
Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi
(The United Arab Emirates…)
DUBAI: The United Arab Emirates designated the Muslim Brotherhood and dozens of other Islamist groups as terrorist organizations on Saturday, ratcheting up the pressure on the group by lumping it together with extremists such as the Islamic State group and the Nusra Front, al-Qaida's affiliate in Syria.
The federation's Cabinet adopted the designations against the 83 groups, the official state news agency WAM said. They include Al-Islah, an Emirati group suspected of ties to the Brotherhood whose members have faced prosecution in the seven-state federation, which includes the cosmopolitan business hub of Dubai and the capital of Abu Dhabi .
The move follows a decision by Saudi Arabia in March to designate the Brotherhood a terrorist group along with al-Qaida and others. The Emirates voiced support for the decision at the time, and accuses Islamist groups of trying to topple its Western-backed ruling system.
Saudi Arabia and the Emirates have taken a firm stance against the Brotherhood since its ascendance in Egypt in the wake of the Arab Spring, and the oil-rich Gulf neighbors are strong supporters of Egyptian President Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi . He was elected earlier this year after leading the military overthrow of Islamist President Mohammed Morsi .
Egypt labeled the 86-year-old Brotherhood a terrorist organization in December.
The Emirates, Saudi Arabia and the kingdom of Bahrain earlier this year recalled their ambassadors from fellow Gulf state Qatar to protest what they say as its failure to stop meddling in other nation's affairs and for backing groups that threaten the regional stability. Analysts widely saw that as a swipe at Qatar's perceived support for the Brotherhood and other Islamist groups.
The Emirates list includes the Islamic State group it is helping to bomb as part of U.S.-led airstrikes in Iraq and Syria. Among the other groups targeted are the Pakistani Taliban and the Yemeni Shiite rebels known as Houthis.
Also on the list are a number of Western Islamic organizations, including the Council on American-Islamic Relations , the United States' largest Muslim civil liberties group.
FEATURED ARTICLES

At Clinton center  the past and the future collideBill Clinton always said presidential campaigns must be about the future, but Hillary Rodham Clinton's potential White House bid is bound to bring up the past.
By: Associated Press | Arkansas | Posted: November 16, 2014 4:25 am
Bill Clinton always said presidential campaigns must be about the future, but Hillary Rodham Clinton’s potential White House bid is bound to bring up the past.
How the former secretary of state navigates her husband’s triumphs and travails during the 1990s could figure prominently in a possible 2016 race for the presidency.
In a touch of legacy shaping, Bill Clinton and his onetime White House advisers highlighted his record during a 10th anniversary weekend celebration at his presidential center, pointing to an administration that presided over a robust economy and worked with Republicans on big problems such as welfare reform.
“We did what we set out to do,” he said Friday in a speech at his center along the banks of the Arkansas River.
The former first lady often presents her husband’s White House as a case study of what can be accomplished for Democrats who are now dealing with midterm election losses and a weakened President Barack Obama. She frequently talks of untangling the gridlock in Washington and cites concerns that a rebounding economy has yet to benefit many families.
On Saturday, she discussed one of her passion projects, increasing economic opportunities for women. “We have seen over and over again how important it is to open up economic opportunities for girls and women,” she said.
With Republican teams researching Hillary Clinton’s past for vulnerabilities, the reminiscing about one Clinton White House and quiet speculation about another one offered examples of how the past could influence the future.
The Miller Center at the University of Virginia released the first batch of oral histories of Bill Clinton’s presidency. The interviews provide an accounting of Clinton’s two terms, from his struggles to pass a health care overhaul to his successes in steering the economy and defending against impeachment.
Many of the interviews offered a look at Hillary Clinton’s White House role.
Alan Blinder, a Princeton economist and former Clinton economic adviser, said she learned lasting lessons from her work on the health care task force.
“I think she’s much more politically astute now than she was in early 1993,” Blinder said.
The interviews also delve into Clinton’s impeachment and his controversial pardons.
Former White House chief of staff Leon Panetta recalled his concerns about White House intern Monica Lewinsky hanging around during a government shutdown. “The president always had an eye for attractive women,” Panetta said.
Bill Clinton’s testimony for the Paula Jones sexual harassment lawsuit, in which he denied a sexual relationship with Lewinsky, led to his impeachment in 1998 by the Republican-run House of Representatives. He was acquitted by the Democratic-controlled Senate.
Yet many members of Clinton’s network noted that domestic matters such as the economy and dealing with gridlock are continued…

Henderson report should be made public: AmarinderPrint
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 16, 2014 4:23 am
Senior Congress leader Captain Amarinder Singh on Saturday said that the Henderson Brooks report on the 1962 India-China war should be made public and that if any politician or general had “messed up”, it should be “admitted”.
Speaking at the launch of his book, Honour and Fidelity: India’s military contribution to the Great War 1914-1918, he also said that whether it was the UPA government earlier, or the NDA government now, someone should have pushed for a war memorial.
The comments come in the backdrop of the 125th birth anniversary celebrations of Jawaharlal Nehru, during whose government the politico-military debacle of the 1962 war took place.
“Henderson Brooks report should be made public. ’71 operations are open, Siachen ops are open, Sri Lankan (ops) are open, why not ’62? We should know what happened… If some politician has made a mess up let’s admit it. If a general made a mess up, let’s admit it,” he said.
This stand comes even as successive governments, including the UPA and the present NDA government, have refrained from making the contents of the Henderson Brooks-Bhagat report on the 1962 India-China war public.
On the long pending demand of the armed forces for a war memorial, Singh said, “They seem to have been taking soldiers who die for the country for granted…Unfortunately, 60 years post Independence, we do not have a war memorial. We have become lackadaisical…I hope sense prevails.”
Singh’s book, which he has dedicated to Congress chief Sonia Gandhi, is based on the contribution of Indian troops in the Great War. Around 1.3 million Indian soldiers reportedly participated in World War-I.

Modi has spoken against communal tension. Once in govt  consensus comes automatically: Birender SinghPrint
When the Congress president came to know I was leaving the party, she called me and we had a long discussion: Birender Singh.
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 16, 2014 4:18 am | Updated: November 16, 2014 10:57 am
In this Idea Exchange moderated by Deputy Editor Harish Damodaran, newly sworn in Union Rural Development Minister Birender Singh talks about moving to BJP after decades in Congress, how a “few people” around Sonia “decided on her behalf”, and why he preferred not dealing with Rahul.
Harish Damodaran: As Rural Development Minister and also as someone who understands rural India, what do you think is the difference between villages today and villages, say, of 20 years ago?
Yes, there is a lot of change. But also I think the issues have changed. In early ’70s, there was a fashion, projected by even the media, about limiting the individual landholding size. That there should be a ceiling on how much land should be owned and the surplus distributed to the landless. In Punjab and Haryana, this standard was fixed at 18 acres if the land was fully irrigated, 20 acres if partially irrigated and a maximum of 52 acres for arid land. But even at that time, the Akali Dal had passed a resolution that there should also be a minimum ceiling (floor). That is one thing I want to share, because if the landholding is not viable and uneconomical, there is no use keeping that land. Of course, we could build greenhouses for even small landholding farmers. With this facility, even someone with 1.5 acres can probably have the earning of 6 acres.
Mukesh Bhardwaj: The Congress government in Haryana issued over 150 CLUs (change of land use, from agriculture to commercial or residential) in the period between the Lok Sabha and Assembly elections. Why was the government in such a hurry to issue all these CLUs?
If my information is correct, there was a stay from the High Court and when the stay was vacated, elections were round the corner and it was a boon for the government. To be precise, 164 CLUs were issued. And 164 means a lot in terms of favours!
Mukesh Bhardwaj: You have said all these CLUs should be probed. So now that you have a BJP government in Haryana and at the Centre, how will the probe proceed?
The CM of Haryana (M L Khattar) has made it clear on the floor of the House that we will probe all the deals made in the last 10 years and a lot of things will come up. Let me cite an example. (Hotmail founder) Sabeer Bhatia had made a request to the state government, saying he wanted to set up a Nano City in Haryana, for which he wanted 2,500 acres. The bureaucrats were very eager to accept the proposal and, ultimately, it was decided that the land would be in Chandigarh’s proximity, between Narayangarh and Panchkula. In that meeting, where he gave his presentation, I asked Mr Bhatia that if the same piece of land was is in the nearby foothills, would he go for that. He said that would be okay. I asked him why he was opting for agricultural land then. He said this is what the government had proposed to him. I asked him another question: whether, at the back of his mind, he thought that at some point of time, if this Nano City didn’t take off, he would ask for a change of land use, and change it into residential? He said yes. So this is how the government functioned. This is just one example. It’s the same with 25,000 acres of land for the Reliance SEZ. It didn’t work out.
Maneesh Chhibber: One of the biggest beneficiaries of this CLU culture was Robert Vadra. When you were in the party, did you ever raise this issue?
Not exactly about Vadra, but I kept raising the issue of how Bhupinder Singh Hooda conducted himself. Ultimately, the party was totally marginalised. I kept saying he has been CM for 10 years, he has nothing at stake, that the Congress was going to be ruined. And that’s what happened. Not just once, but on at least 40 occasions from 2010 to 2014, I kept making this point to the Congress president. And she agreed with me on many occasions.
Maneesh Chhibber: Obviously she didn’t listen to you enough, or at least no action was taken based on your suggestion.
Her body language was always in total agreement to what I was saying, but nothing came of it.
Seema Chishti: You were talking about how, in your previous avatar, you were part of the Congress government, not Hooda government. So have you now joined a Modi government, or is it a BJP government?
If Modi hadn’t been the face of the election, then the march of the BJP would have stopped at 150. It is because of Modi’s leadership that a single party has got a clear mandate after 24 years. All the ills which the media talks about —price rise, scandals — were because the government at the Centre never had a clear mandate from the electorate. If I blame the voter for this, they will be upset, but this is the case.
Rakesh Sinha: What else, according to you, led to the rise of the BJP in Haryana?
The BJP added a lot of important, influential and political people into their fold and ultimately, it paid off. There may be other factors, of course, but the major factor was that they did it meticulously. This gave a clear mandate to the BJP for the first time in 48 years of Haryana. Earlier, the BJP would go with either Bansi Lalji, Devi Lalji or (Om Prakash) Chautala. That made the BJP junior partners and they were confined to urban areas with no base in the rural areas of the state. This time, the change paid off.
Coomi Kapoor: You’ve been a Congressman all your life and now you’ve switched to the BJP. What do you think is the difference between the two parties, culturally and socially?
In his August 15 speech, Prime Minister Modi made certain things very clear. He said caste factor should not be allowed to have a role in politics. He said if you want to have peace in the country, there should be no communal tension. So after taking over the government, some of these things which require consensus come automatically. And that is why I feel that I am not uncomfortable.
Harish Damodaran: Are you still a Congressman at heart?
Forty years is not a small period.
Vandita Mishra: Nitin Gadkari, who occupied the ministry before you, wanted to restrict MNREGA to very backward districts and alter the labour versus material ratio in favour of materials. You’ve been quoted as saying you are not in favour of restricting it. What do you have to say on the labour-material ratio?
I’m only 24 hours old in this ministry. On the labour-material ratio, the 51:49 ratio is good. If you continue saying you have to create physical assets in a village, things will be over in three-four years and you won’t know what to do next. On restricting MNREGA to tribal areas, there may be a district that can be categorised as a developed district but certain villages in the district can’t be. So I’m very clear on that. You can categorise villages, but you can’t categorise districts as a whole.
I have also been thinking about how MNREGA can be more useful for the village community as a whole. Right now, we are confined to creating structures — physical infrastructure — for a rural community. I believe that when we can talk about creating physical assets, why not human assets? For instance, there is a woman in Uttar Pradesh who runs an archery academy. Some of the players from that makeshift academy have become national players. Suppose she says that I train my students for three to six months and that it should also be a part of MNREGA… this way, you are creating human assets.
Maneesh Chhibber: When you shifted from the Congress to the BJP, were you promised something by the party? Can you take us through how it all happened?
When the Congress president came to know I was leaving the party, she called me and we had a long discussion. She did not want me to exit and immediately join the BJP so she said, ‘Why don’t you come out with your own outfit?’. Maine kaha mere paas paisa nahi hai, waise salah toh achchi hai aapki (I said that’s a good suggestion but I don’t have money to start an outfit). I said, ‘Sorry ma’am, if you are not in any position to replace the chief minister, then you would have the same result in the Assembly as you did in the Lok Sabha’. And the same thing happened. In the general elections, we were leading in 15 Assembly segments, and in the Assembly elections, the Congress could only win 15 seats.
Rakesh Sinha: Who did you speak to in the BJP?
I went through very ordinary BJP workers, because I was not known to or did not know anybody. I met BJP president Amit Shah. I told him three things. One, that his own people would tell him not to take me because I would be a contender for the chief minister’s seat. I said I would place no such condition. Second, that I have been in politics for the last 42 years, there are political friends of mine who have been with me for the last 35-50 years, and so if you think they are better than your candidates, you can meet them. Third, I said I will hold a rally and there, we will declare my decision to join the BJP. And that’s what happened. My supporters, followers and workers never thought they were switching from one party to the other.
Mukesh Bhardwaj: Now that you are a Cabinet minister, how do you look at your future in this party and the Modi Cabinet?
The Congress gave me a lot and I too gave the Congress a lot. I worked hard for the Congress and won Himachal Pradesh and Uttarakhand for the party. I put in my best. What’s more important than loyalty is that you deliver.
Maneesh Chhibber: What is the difference between the BJP and Congress in terms of work culture?
The main difference is that the BJP is cadre-based and the Congress is not. Also, the style of working is different altogether. Naturally, when somebody has full authority, decision-making is quick, but for the decision to be taken correctly, some time is needed.
Maneesh Chhibber: Senior Congress leader Digvijaya Singh said in an interview to the Express that it’s time for the Congress to be a cadre-based party. Do you think it is too late to be talking about this?
Digvijaya Singh is right. If you have to work your way up from a situation where you have been completely marginalised, then some cadre is required. Otherwise, it has to be a movement. That’s why the Congress failed to make an impression with the public. Congress mein woh important hai jo logon mein nahi hai and logon mein woh important hai jo Congress mein nahi hai. I can give you 2,000 names of people who have not seen the face of any of their electorates while fighting elections. Yet, they are the masters. Everything can’t be run with money. Logistically you can be well-equipped if you have a good system of funding your party, but votes are different altogether.
Coomi Kapoor: What do you think is Hooda’s future in the Congress? He claims he made Haryana the No. 1 state in the country.
The state may not be No. 1, but he is No. 1 as far as the Congress in Haryana is concerned. After a few months, you will see him becoming the general secretary of the party. About his claim of Haryana being the No. 1 state, 90 per cent of the population of the state is annoyed with the Congress because of its lopsided development over the last nine years. It is only Hooda who is responsible for this. That’s why people rejected him. A lot of you know that we are cousins. Woh meri bua ka ladka hai aur main uske mama ka ladka hoon. I tried to caution him, but he never listened. That’s why we got those results.
Monojit Majumdar: Did you meet Modi? Did he have specific instructions for you?
No, I have not met him after becoming minster. We never discussed that we will get this department or that. But yes, his focus is on the Swachhta Mission.
Rakesh Sinha: You mentioned your meetings with Sonia Gandhi but while in the Congress, what was your experience dealing with Rahul Gandhi? Do you think he is the person for the Congress?
That is why I used to meet only Soniaji (laughs).
Vandita Mishra: Mani Shankar Aiyar implied in one of the columns he wrote for us that the conservatives in the Congress are close to Sonia Gandhi and the radicals to Rahul Gandhi. Is there a divide between the conservatives and the radicals?
The radicals with Rahul Gandhi want the party to be finished immediately. At least Soniaji is capable of carrying it on for a longer time. This is the divide, and there is no such thing as conservatives and radicals. In the Congress, I know of people with good intentions but they do not get recognised, and that is why the party suffers. When Soniaji took over as the Congress president in 1998, a few people around her said that for the next five years, there is no hurry, take your time… so that they remain important. After six years, when Rahul came, they said he needed time to grow. So six years passed again. Only because it allowed these men around her to take decisions on her behalf. They are few in numbers but they are the ones responsible for the Congress being in this state.
Seema Chishti: Between the Congress vice-president and president, who took more decisions?
It was Sonia who took more decisions. Rahul used to make suggestions. In fact, she did not take decisions. The decision would be, wait for six years… Talking of decision-making, Indira Gandhi was No. 1. She would take her decisions, would call people and say this is my decision, so implement them. With Rajiv Gandhi, it was similar to an extent, though not fully.
Ajay Shankar: How far are you willing to engage with the RSS and would you like it if they interfered in the working of your ministry?
There is no harm if they come up with good, innovative suggestions. Anyone can say a good thing. I am new and do not know much of the RSS, but if they make a contribution, there is no problem… Who were these people in the previous government, Sam Pitroda…? If they could advise, why can’t the RSS?
Transcribed by Pallavi Chattopadhyay & Nikita Puri

Airplanes warned to avoid Alaska volcano airspaceAirplanes are being warned to avoid airspace near an erupting Alaska volcano. (Picture for representation.)
By: Associated Press | Alaska | Posted: November 16, 2014 4:16 am
Airplanes are being warned to avoid airspace near an erupting Alaska volcano as it spews ash 30,000 feet (9,000 meters) above sea level.
The National Weather Service said Saturday that ash is being blown to the west and northwest of Pavlof Volcano.
Pavlof began erupting three days ago, pushing lava out from a vent near its summit. On Friday, the ash cloud reached 16,000 feet (4,8008 meters).
Alaska Volcano Observatory Geophysicist Dave Schneider says the eruption intensified at 6 am Saturday, sending the ash cloud higher.
Schneider says it’s not clear how long the eruption will last. He says Pavlof’s eruptions may last for weeks or months with varying levels of intensity.
Pavlof is Alaska’s most active volcano. It sits along international air routes connecting Europe, North America and Asia.

Cosmic first: European spacecraft lands on cometTechnostorm
Rosetta mission makes space history
The European Space Agency landed a probe on a comet on Wednesday, a first in space exploration and the climax of a 10-year-odyssey, but an anchoring system problem may hamper planned investigations into the origins of Earth and the solar system.
The 100-kg (220-pound) lander - virtually weightless on the comet's surface - touched down on schedule at about 11 a.m. ET after a seven-hour descent from its orbiting mothership Rosetta, now located a half-billion kilometers (300 million miles) from Earth.
But during the free-fall to the comet’s surface, harpoons designed to anchor the probe, named Philae, failed to deploy. Flight directors are considering options to ensure the lander does not drift back into space. Scientists hope that samples drilled out from the comet, known as 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko, will unlock details about how the planets – and possibly even life – evolved, as the rock and ice that make up comets preserve ancient organic molecules like a time-capsule.
Among several records set by the mission, Rosetta has become the first spacecraft to orbit a comet rather than just flying past to take pictures. Manmade craft have now landed on seven bodies in space: the moon, Mars, Venus, Saturn's moon Titan, two asteroids and comet Tempel-1, which was hit by a NASA probe.(Reuters)
The picture released by the European Space Agency ESA on Wednesday, Nov. 12, 2014 was taken by the ROLIS instrument on Rosetta's Philae lander during descent from a distance of approximately 3 km from... more 
The picture released by the European Space Agency ESA on Wednesday, Nov. 12, 2014 was taken by the ROLIS instrument on Rosetta's Philae lander during descent from a distance of approximately 3 km from the 4-kilometer-wide (2.5-mile-wide) 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko comet. Hundreds of millions of miles from Earth, the European spacecraft made history Wednesday by successfully landing on the icy, dusty surface of a speeding comet. (AP Photo/ESA) less 

Ebola lessons: Why India needs to discourage deforestation  excessive miningAnthrax
(Angles changed his strategy…)
A group of encroachers who have built huts inside the Meghamalai wildlife sanctuary in Theni district of Tamil Nadu watch suspiciously as a green jeep driven by a wildlife activist makes its way slowly over a narrow rain-ravaged mud path.
Angles, a tall and lanky 27-year-old, is used to the awkwardness and the occasional hostility from the encroachers. There are over 2,500 families living inside the forest which is home to elephants, sambhars and several other species. The sanctuary is close to the Periyar Tiger Reserve on the other side of the border, in Kerala. Angles is a trained pilot but decided to pursue his interest in wildlife and set up an NGO, the Wildlife Foundation of India (WFI), which fights poaching in these parts. The WFI helps forest department officials by patrolling the outer limits of the sanctuary.
Since he started working in the forest, Angles and his team have apprehended over 30 poachers who had killed sambhars, wild boars and other animals. For years, Angles has been interacting with the locals to dissuade them from hunting inside the forest. Most of the encroachers come from neighbouring areas and are said to enjoy political patronage. They apparently rent out their homes in the town, move to the forest and make money selling forest produce and by hunting.
The poachers hunt sambhar and wild boar meat for income while smaller game such as rabbits are for consumption. Despite talking to them for many years, Angles has not been able to make them give up hunting. Instead, Angles and his team now face death threats from the poachers. In fact, one of his men was beaten up with lathis when they tried to stop a poacher last month.
In recent times, Angles changed his strategy and decided to centre his campaigns around a more common species that is hunted in the forest and in the nearby towns: bats.
Bats do not enjoy legislative protection and have been classified as vermin as per Indian laws. But in recent times, scientists and governments the world over are trying to understand the mammal better after it was identified as a carrier of several zoonotic diseases — a jargon for diseases that spread from animals to human beings. The fruit bat has gained an ominous reputation recently, having been identified as the carrier of the Ebola virus, which has killed over 4,500 people so far, mostly in West Africa.
Spreading Awareness
The forest department and government agencies spare little thought to the hunting of bats in India, more concerned that they are with the well-being of tigers and other endangered species. However, globally, the bat has become a symbol of the dangers of following a development model that causes deforestation.
According to virologists, Ebola is suspected to have been caused by virus-carrying fruit bats that moved closer to human habitations after their habitat was fragmented by deforestation. Turbulent fluctuations in climate have also been a factor in the bats becoming carriers of the pandemic. Mining has been identified as one of the prime reasons behind climate change in affected countries such as Congo, Sierra Leone, Guinea and Liberia. Until the pandemic broke out, there was no definitive evidence of the consequence of deforestation for mankind. Post-Ebola, the significance of ecological conservation is being revisited with fervour in developed countries, though they have not been as affected by the pandemic as Africa.
International newspapers such as The Washington Post, The New York Times and The Guardian as well as Al Jazeera's website have published articles exploring how deforestation and climate change were major causes for the bats to turn carriers. Some of their articles specifically blamed mining and overexploitation of the jungle in, for instance, Sierra Leone as the main reason behind the pandemic. Hunting bats and consuming them are common among the rural poor in several parts of India, including certain districts in Kerala, Tamil Nadu, West Bengal, Nagaland and the Andaman & Nicobar Islands.
Though India is far removed from the Ebola catastrophe, wildlife activist Angles feels that it would be important to communicate the possibility of bat consumption in the Meghamalai forest triggering a similar pandemic. Bush meat hunting, the most significant activity that triggered the spreading of the disease to humans, is rampant in the forest and Angles became concerned that the poachers and the encroachers need to be warned about the illeffects of eating game meat, especially bats. Angles decided to use the dreaded disease as a campaign tool against poaching and found that the local people actually listen to him when he asks them not to shoot or consume bats.

BJPs woman face in Valley seeks votes forchangePrint
Hina Bhat, BJP candidate from Srinagar’s Amirakadal constituency. (Source: Photo by Shuaib Masoodi)
Written by Ruwa Shah , Bashaarat Masood | Srinagar | Posted: November 16, 2014 4:56 am | Updated: November 16, 2014 5:01 am
In Srinagar, up against a business tycoon and a political stalwart is a dentist — Dr Hina Bhat, BJP’s woman face in the state. Hina, 35, is BJP candidate from Srinagar’s Amirakadal constituency and is bold and candid about her political opinion.
Daughter of a Congress leader and former MP Mohammad Shafi Bhat, Hina is new to politics. Unlike her father, she chose to start her career with the BJP and is not the first switch-over in the family. Hina’s father himself made a switch-over to the Congress from the National Conference when the party denied him a mandate in the 2002 assembly elections.
A dental surgeon who studied in Pune, Hina worked at the Sheri Kashmir Institute of Medical Sciences before joining politics. After completing her studies, she married but it didn’t last long. She now lives in Rajbagh neighbourhood of Srinagar with her six-year-old son. Her older sister and younger brother are also doctors. Hina calls her bed-ridden father a mentor and says she took the decision to join the BJP only after consulting him.
She bold about her political ambitions. “I have to throw out the people who have been sitting on chairs since decades,” she says naming the National Conference (NC) and Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). “They have only made people suffer. They have failed to stabilise Kashmir.”
But the task before her isn’t easy. PDP candidate Altaf Ahmad Bukhari is a front-runner in the constituency, which was won by NC’s Nasir Aslam Wani in 2008. During the recent floods, Bukhari was the only politician who stood his ground, rescued people from his constituency and threw open his offices as shelter for people, even as his own house was under water. In fact, being even a distant third would be a challenge for her.
Hina is, however, banking on “vote for change”. Ironically she sells the BJP in the name of Babri Masjid. “People say BJP is an anti-Muslim party but I say that Congress is an anti-Muslim party,” she says. “It was a Congress led-government at the Centre when Babri Masjid was demolished.”
A dentist who used to run a clinic in Srinagar till a few months back, Hina has a tough battle ahead especially as her opponents consider her a minnow in politics. Even her own party members are raising their eyebrows. “Everybody is entitled to an opinion. She too has her own opinion,” says BJP’s state vice-president Sofi Yousuf when asked about her comments on Article 370. “But you know, she is new to politics,” he adds.
Hina had earlier dared the BJP top brass on Article 370 and raked a controversy saying Kashmiris would pick up guns if any attempt is made to abrogate it. “Nobody has the right to remove Article 370. I continued…

Nitish slams PM for failing to respect VajpayeesworkBy: Press Trust of India | Patna/chapra/hajipur | Posted: November 16, 2014 4:55 am
Senior JD(U) leader Nitish Kumar on Saturday took potshots at Prime Minister Narendra Modi for “failing” to respect good work done by senior party leader Atal Bihari Vajpayee by not inaugurating the NTPC unit at Barh, foundation of which was laid by the veteran leader.
“It would have been better had Prime Minister inaugurated the unit of NTPC Barh which was dedicated to the country today to pay respect to good work done by the former PM… he must be knowing better the reason for not doing so,” Nitish said, addressing JD(U) workers meet at Chapra and later at Hajipur as part of his “Sampark Yatra.”
Power Minister Piyush Goyal inaugurated the commercial launch of unit IV of the NTPC Barh Super Thermal Power Plant (STPP) and also declared commercial operation of 110-MW unit II of the Muzaffarpur Thermal power station (Stage I). Chief Minister Jeetan Ram Manjhi and a host of Union ministers hailing from Bihar were present on the occasion.
Nitish, whose name and photograph were missing at the inauguration function at Barh, attacked BJP for “trying to derive political benefits out of these power projects foundation of which was laid in 1999 by Atal Bihari Vajpayee”. “Big posters at inauguration venue are showing faces of a host of Union ministers who have no contribution in the project. But person like me who worked tirelessly for it has been ignored,” he said. “I have the satisfaction that my efforts have bore fruits.”
“Hum to kaam karte hain aur naam ka lobh nahi karte hai (I believe in doing work and do not have greed for name),” he said at Chapra.

Akshardham attack: Supreme Court junks Gujarat reviewpleaPrint
Written by Aneesha Mathur | New Delhi | Posted: November 16, 2014 4:50 am
Months after six persons were acquitted of all charges in the 2002 Akshardham Temple attack case, the Supreme Court has now dismissed the review petition filed by the Gujarat government against the acquittal.
In an order issued on November 5, the Bench of Justices Anil R Dave and V Gopala Gowda said the court was “convinced that the order, of which review has been sought, does not suffer from any error apparent warranting its reconsideration”.
The state government now has the option to file a curative petition before the Supreme Court. In May, the SC had acquitted six persons, including two on death row, in the terror attack case.
A bench comprising Justices A K Patnaik and V Gopala Gowda had held that the prosecution failed to establish their guilt beyond reasonable doubt and the accused deserved exoneration from all the charges.
The court had also said, “Instead of booking the real culprits responsible for taking so many precious lives, the police caught innocent people and got imposed the grievous charges against them.”

J&K Police gags its personnel: Dont criticise on socialmediaPrint
Written by Bashaarat Masood | Srinagar | Posted: November 16, 2014 4:50 am
The Jammu and Kashmir Police has issued a gag order to its personnel, ordering them to desist from criticising the police or the government on social networking sites. In the circular issued by Director General of Police K Rajendra, the personnel have been warned of “serious departmental action” if they disregard the direction.
“It should be made clear to all officers/officials that content posted by them in their personal capacity, if they were counter to the interests of state or police organisation, shall attract serious departmental actions against the officer/officials,” the circular states.
While quoting instances of police officers using Facebook to criticise the police’s functioning, the circular says that monitoring of social networking sites has indicated the “habit of policemen” engaging in comments which “are not in tune” with government norms and are “often critical” of government stands.
The circular quotes a “recent instance” when two officials of the CID headquarters “posted objectionable comments” on the functioning of the Police Headquarters and said this has the potential to cause “misgivings and dissatisfaction”. “A lot of such posts were noticed during Kousar Nag episode (yatra controversy) also,” it said.
The circular has drawn the attention of the personnel towards the J&K Government Employees (conduct) Rules, 1971. “It envisages that no government employee shall by any utterance, writing or otherwise discuss or criticise in public or in any meeting of any association or body any policy pursued or action taken by the government, nor shall he in any manner participate in any such discussion or criticism,” the circular reads.
The circular further asks police personnel not to “record comments” on remarks made by a superior officer. “If a police officer considers that an erroneous view has been taken of his conduct… or that he has been unfairly treated… he may represent his grievance to the officer who has expressed such view,” the circular says. “If not satisfied with the result of his representation, he may submit a petition to the next higher authority through the proper channel”.
The circular has asked officers to take “appropriate measures” against personnel found to be disregarding the direction “so that such tendencies are curtailed”.

If states take one step to upgrade healthcare  I will take 10:NaddaPrint
Written by Ashwani Sharma | Shimla | Posted: November 16, 2014 4:45 am
Newly inducted Union Health Minister J P Nadda on Saturday invited states to come out with knowledge-based innovative ideas to revamp India’s healthcare system and offered his ministry’s proactive support to all new proposals to fulfill Prime Minister Narinder Modi’s “Swasth Bharat” mission.
On his first visit to Himachal Pradesh since taking over as Union minister, Nadda said he would ‘work off the beaten track’ to introduce new ideas in upgradation of the healthcare system, wherein states will be made major stakeholders.
“If the states take one step forward, I will take 10 and meet the goals,” he said at a reception organised in his honour at the state BJP office. T
To drive home his point about plans to work closely with the states, Nadda said, “After the sterilisation deaths in Chhattisgarh, the ministry managed to fly a team of top AIIMS specialists within 10 hours. This is how the Modi government proposes to work 24X7 for the benefit of the common citizens.”

BCCI calls meeting to decide on AGM and electionMore
BCCI calls meeting to decide on AGM and election
The conundrum had arisen after the Supreme Court stressed that N Srinivasan cannot seek re-election till the probe into the IPL corruption scandal is complete.
By Amol Karhadkar | ESPNcricinfo –  Sat 15 Nov, 2014 3:14 PM IST
0
N Srinivasan.
The BCCI has decided to call an emergent working committee meeting in Chennai on November 18 to decide whether to postpone only the board's election, or the annual general meeting as well. The conundrum had arisen after the Supreme Court on Friday stressed that N Srinivasan cannot seek re-election till the probe into the IPL corruption scandal is complete.
Ever since conclusion of the Supreme Court proceedings, there has been a confusion among the BCCI members about the status of the AGM. Soon after the court made it clear that Srinivasan cannot contest on November 20, BCCI counsel C Aryama Sundaram sought permission to postpone the AGM by four weeks, which was reportedly granted to him. However, it is understood that at least three member associations wrote to BCCI secretary Sanjay Patel asking him not to postpone the AGM.
The election of the president, secretary, joint-secretary, treasurer and five vice-presidents is only one of the several issues on the agenda of the AGM, which has already been pushed back by a couple of months. It was supposed to be conducted by September 30, but, due to the ongoing investigation into the IPL 2013 spot-fixing case and Srinivasan's role in the same, the working committee had decided on September 26 to have the AGM on November 20.
According to the BCCI's rulebook, notice for an emergent working committee meeting needs to be issued at least 72 hours in advance. Though the members haven't been formally notified so far, most of the working committee members have been notified verbally about the meeting.
Some of the BCCI's members have questioned the action of the BCCI counsel to keep pushing back the AGM, though. Also, former BCCI president Shashank Manohar, who has emerged as the flag-bearer of the anti-Srinivasan movement in the BCCI, said on Friday that the AGM dates cannot be altered. "However it appears that during today's [court] hearing, as soon as the names of Srinivasan and [Gurunath] Meiyappan were disclosed, the Counsel for the Board made a request for the postponement of the AGM and elections scheduled to be held on 20th November," Manohar had said.
After taking legal advice and having multiple rounds of discussion, the BCCI hierarchy was convinced that if it postponed the AGM, or the election, without the working committee's approval, it would lead to another legal battle, so the meeting was called.
It is also understood that the office-bearers are in favour of proceeding with the AGM but postponing the elections till the Supreme Court decides Srinivasan's fate. Apart from the election, the AGM usually lists several matters, including confirmation of minutes of the previous general meetings, adoption of the secretary's review report, adoption of treasurer's report and the audited accounts, adoption of the annual budget, appointment of auditors, election of working committee, standing committees and other sub-committees, consideration of reports and recommendations of various committees, and appointing India's representative to the ICC.
"The election can held in a SGM [special general meeting], so [postponing] it would give every interested and eligible candidate a fair opportunity," said an insider privy to discussions.
For the first time in the last 18 months, the Srinivasan camp appears to be on the backfoot, following the Supreme Court directive to bar him from contesting the election. Also, the opposition group of Manohar and Mumbai Cricket Association chief Sharad Pawar has hinted at opening a front against Srinivasan in the election.
A member of the opposing faction said it was "high time" all the current office-bearers resign in the wake of the Supreme Court diktat. "For the last one and half years, they are being adamant on holding on to their posts, which is doing no good to Indian cricket's image," he said. "At least now, they should resign. Otherwise, we will be forced to oust them during the election."
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Most Popular

Textbook for our timePrint
Written by Apoorvanand | Posted: November 15, 2014 12:02 am | Updated: November 15, 2014 6:25 am
Tavleen Singh is rightly upset that the Union human resource development minister is seriously consulting the luminaries of the RSS, who have a very limited view of education (‘Cultural renewal’, IE, November 2). Depicting the RSS as a group led by “doddering old bigots and provincial intellectuals”, she criticises them for their concerns about textbooks that they claim portray a “Western” view of history.
Singh rightly points out that the problem with school education in India is not about history textbooks alone. One cannot agree more with her when she says that our children grow up with a sense of identity tied only to their religion. For this, she blames the prevailing schooling that gives very limited courses in Vedic Hinduism, Sanskrit literature and ancient India. She feels a need for a cultural renewal for which professionally trained educationists need to be approached, and not the ideologically motivated.
Singh is talking about school education, and yet is sadly unaware of the massive transformation that Indian school education has undergone in the last 10 years. Otherwise, she would have discovered to her delight that nowadays, curricular thinking in India does not feel burdened with the task of providing “a correct or authoritative” answer, approved by the state, to the children. Instead, teachers, textbook writers and pedagogues are asked to take up the challenge of exposing students to alternative viewpoints and making their own decision. Children, the current curriculum document says, are to be seen as responsible agents, not merely passive receptors.
Likewise, teachers are not to be seen as deliverers of the “correct knowledge” that is produced at a remove from them and the children. In short, the objective the new curriculum document sets for school education is to inculcate in young minds a critical spirit that is confident enough to examine all authoritative accounts.
One must say that this is only a beginning and people still need to be persuaded and convinced that the intelligence of children needs to be respected. It was one of the major achievements of the two UPA governments that school education, especially the curricular part, was left to professional educationists. Ironically, the credit for insulating the NCERT from ideological pressures should go to the much-vilified Arjun Singh, who saw to it that the curricular discourse is freed from the secular-communal or saffronisation-desaffronisation binary. The physical and intellectual labour that thousands of teachers and pedagogues put in to create focus-group papers and the new curriculum document were, however, forgotten very soon.
Singh calls for history to be seen and written with new eyes. This is precisely what the history, political science and social science textbooks tried to do after the introduction of the National Curricular Framework 2005. She seems to be ignorant of the battles these textbooks had to fight, as they represented neither a “left” nor a “right” point of view. She also seems to be unaware of the attack the new Hindi language textbooks had to face in the Rajya Sabha at the hands of MPs, cutting across political continued…

Riding the train to reformThe railway bureaucracy, renowned for its diligence, has been accused of being intransigent and lethargic. ( Source: Reuters )
Written by Ashwani Kumar | Posted: November 15, 2014 12:04 am
 
The railway ministry has become a hot seat. With the prime minister emphasising the modernisation of rail infrastructure, there is renewed pressure to deliver. The Narendra Modi government wants the Indian Railways (IR) to be at the vanguard of the change envisaged for the country. So, incremental growth for the IR will not suffice — it needs a metamorphosis.
In his first press briefing, the new railway minister, Suresh Prabhu, outlined his priorities: passenger safety and customer satisfaction. Improving safety requires the replacement and modernisation of railway assets. Customer satisfaction is a more complex goal. First, it requires the creation of extra capacity to satisfy unmet demand for passenger and freight services. Second, the IR needs to become cleaner, faster and more comfortable. This calls for a quantum jump in capital, as well as revenue expenditure. It also requires a break from the past in policy and process.
The railway bureaucracy, renowned for its diligence, has been accused of being intransigent and lethargic. But the political leadership is more to blame for a lack of vision and commitment. In the past, but for a few honourable exceptions, the IR was treated as a fiefdom and milked for political ends. Fortunately, the present political dispensation seems determined to set things right. There are no quick fixes, however, and a consistent long-term vision with measurable milestones should be the basis of any strategy to transform the railways.
First, the IR needs to streamline its policymaking process to plan and handle transformative changes. Despite constraints, the IR performs well in its core job of train operations over a huge, creaking network. It has a disciplined, skilled workforce of more than 1.3 million with a stellar industrial relations record. It boasts a rich talent pool of civil servants and engineers. There is no reason it cannot deliver higher standards in safety, speed, cleanliness and courtesy. However, its top policymaking body, the Railway Board, is unwieldy and riven with turf wars. It needs to be restructured to be more effective in spearheading policy changes. The key objective should be to make the board work as a cohesive unit in the interest of the country. There is also a big reservoir of technical and managerial talent within the organisation that should be tapped.
Second, there is an urgent need for massive capital investment in rail infrastructure and services. It has been about two decades since the IR first invited the private sector to invest in rail infrastructure and rolling stock. Most such investment involves railway lines linking the IR network to ports, with the ports facing a Hobson’s choice of funding rail links for their own survival. There are some private companies operating container trains and they have continued…

http://usat.ly/1y2XVTlFacebook to cut promotional posts in News Feeds
Starting in January, Facebook will limit the number of promotional posts in News Feeds.
Post to Facebook
Facebook to cut promotional posts in News Feeds Starting in January, Facebook will limit the number of promotional posts in News Feeds. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1qJfQu3
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Facebook to cut promotional posts in News Feeds
Jessica Guynn , USATODAY 6:42 p.m. EST November 14, 2014
Facebook logo.
343 CONNECT 52 TWEET 21 LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
SAN FRANCISCO — Facebook is giving marketers the kind of update they never wanted to hear: If they want to reach customers on the giant social network, they will have to start buying ads.
Starting in January, Facebook will limit the number of promotional posts from brand pages that appear in the News Feeds of its 1.35 billion users, the Menlo Park, Calif., company said late Friday.
That means Facebook users will see far fewer unpaid pitches from businesses.
Facebook says it surveyed hundreds of thousands of people who said they were tired of promotional posts that pushed them to buy a product or install an app, enter sweepstakes or just used the same content from ads.
"What we discovered is that a lot of the content people see as too promotional is posts from pages they like, rather than ads," the company said in a statement. "This may seem counterintuitive but it actually makes sense: News Feed has controls for the number of ads a person sees and for the quality of those ads (based on engagement, hiding ads, etc.), but those same controls haven't been as closely monitored for promotional page posts. Now we're bringing new volume and content controls for promotional posts, so people see more of what they want from pages."
This isn't the first time Facebook has cut the number of unpaid posts, arguing their users would rather see updates from friends and family. At the same time, Facebook is aggressively growing its advertising business.
In the third quarter, Facebook reported a 64% jump in ad revenue to $2.96 billion. It also said that ad prices were up 274 % from the previous year.
Facebook promises that users will not see more ads in their News Feeds.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1qJfQu3
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

G20 communique to include climate change  anti-corruption plan: EU sourcesG20 communique to include climate change  anti-corruption plan: EU sources
Gold price posts biggest single-day gain this year  surges by Rs 715Gold price posts biggest single-day gain this year  surges by Rs 715
Najma Heptulla slams Bukhari for picking son  he calls hersenilePrint
Shaban, 19, to be next Jama Masjid Imam. (Source: Express archives)
Written by Abantika Ghosh | New Delhi | Posted: November 16, 2014 5:12 am | Updated: November 16, 2014 9:22 am
Questioning Delhi Jama Masjid Shahi Imam Ahmed Bukhari’s decision to anoint his 19-year-old son, Shaban Bukhari, as the Naib Imam or the “deputy Imam”, Minority Affairs Minister Najma Heptulla has said there is no provision under the Wakf Act for hereditary appointment of the Imam of a mosque. Such appointments are the prerogative of the state Wakf Board, she said.
Hitting back at her, Bukhari said the minister had become “senile”.
Speaking to The Sunday Express, Heptulla said, “It is true that there is nothing in the Wakf Act that condones hereditary appointment of Imams. Under the Act, it is the prerogative of the State Wakf Board to appoint the Imam of a mosque. The Imam draws his salary from the board too. I will talk to Mateen Ahmed (former Delhi MLA and former chairman of the Delhi Wakf Board) about this. We are also having a meeting of clerics from all over the country. Let us see if somebody raises this matter there.”
When contacted, Bukhari said, “I do not feel the need to react to what Najma Heptulla says. Let her talk rubbish as she wants to. She has become senile. It is time that she stayed at home.” His family said it is a tradition that has been going on for 14 generations.
Ahmed made it clear that the anointment does not have the sanction of the State Wakf Board, but said the law does not bar such appointments. Ahmed said the Wakf Act does not have a provision for such appointments and as a former chairman of the Delhi Wakf Board he does not agree with the decision either. He said he has therefore decided to skip the anointment ceremony on November 22.
“There is no provision under the Wakf Act for such an appointment — by a father of his son. But to be honest, the law does not explicitly bar it. The Shahi Imam does not need our permission to do it. But I do not agree with the principle of it. That is why I will not attend the function,” he said.
The issue of Jama Masjid’s status as Wakf property is long and complicated. It first came up when Ahmed Bukhari was anointed as his father’s Naib Imam in 1973. Though Bukhari has always contested it, the Delhi Wakf Board’s records list it as a Wakf property.
Earlier, Bukhari found himself at the centre of a row, as he announced that he had invited Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif for the ceremony but did not feel the need to call Prime Minister Narendra Modi. His move was criticised by many within the Muslim community but Bukhari stuck to his stand. He claimed he did not feel the need to invite Modi, because he did not reach out to Muslims after he assumed office.

Amazing invention: This public road generates electricityWorld’s first solar-powered bike path opens
Recommend
Link
24 days ago, Reuters Videos
The Dutch finance minister opens the world's first public bicycle path that generates electricity. Inventors of SolaRoad say their technology is a major step towards a sustainable mobility system that could help power traffic lights and electric cars within five years. Jim Drury reports.
More on Reuters Videos:
Ani - Sat 6 Dec, 2014 10:09 AM IST
LATEST ET NOW VIDEOS
Terms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

Official: Boko Haram Seizes Nigerian Town Of Kidnapped SchoolgirlsOfficial: Boko Haram Seizes Chibok, Nigerian Town Of Kidnapped Schoolgirls
 | By                                                                HARUNA UMAR and MICHELLE FAUL
Posted:
reddit
MAIDUGURI, Nigeria (AP) — Islamic extremists in Nigeria have seized Chibok, forcing thousands of people to flee the town where insurgents kidnapped nearly 300 schoolgirls in April, a local official said Friday.
The Boko Haram insurgents entered the town Thursday, shooting from pickup trucks and motorcycles, Bana Lawan, chairman of the Chibok local government, told The Associated Press.
"Nobody can tell you what is happening there today because everybody is just trying to escape with their lives," he said.
In Washington, State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said the U.S. is closely monitoring the situation in Chibok.
" We condemn these attacks in Chibok, a community that has already suffered too much. ... We remain committed to helping the government of Nigeria address the threat posed by extremist organizations, Psaki told reporters.
In a separate development, a bomb exploded Friday night in northern Kano city, the second largest population center in Nigeria, killing an unknown number of people.
Resident Aliyu Yusuf Hotoro said many buildings shook from the force of the explosion opposite a gas station on a main road leading to Maiduguri, the capital of Borno state to the northeast. Soldiers, police and emergency rescue operations workers cordoned off the area.
There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the bomb, but Boko Haram extremists have detonated ones in Kano in the past.
Meanwhile, attempts to call the cellphones of some of the kidnapped girls' parents living in Chibok failed. Boko Haram extremists often destroy cellphone towers, and the military often cuts communications to areas under attack.
Dozens of the kidnapped girls escaped in the first couple of days after their capture from a boarding school just outside the town, but 219 are still missing.
Community leader Hussain Monguno said none of the escapees was in Chibok at the time of the attack. They have all been given scholarships to other schools in northern Nigeria.
Nigeria's military chief announced on Oct. 17 that the country's homegrown Boko Haram extremist group had agreed to an immediate cease-fire. Government officials said the truce would lead to the girls' speedy release.
But Boko Haram leader Abubakar Shekau in a video released last month said the girls were "an old story," that they all had converted to Islam and been married off to his fighters.
Chibok is an enclave of mainly Christian families, some involved in translating the Bible into local languages, in the mainly Muslim north of Nigeria.
At least seven of the girls' parents have died since their abductions, from causes such as heart attacks that residents blame on the trauma, according to Monguno, head of the Borno-Yobe People's Forum.
Since the apparent cease-fire announcement, the insurgents have taken control of several more towns and villages where they have declared an Islamic caliphate along the lines of the Islamic State group in Iraq and Syria.
In an area covering about 20,000 square kilometers (7,700 square miles), residents caught behind the militants' lines say they have set up courts upholding a strict version of Shariah law, publicly amputating the hands of alleged looters and whipping people for infractions such as smoking cigarettes.
___
Faul reported from Johannesburg. Associated Press writers Ibrahim Garba in Kano, Nigeria, and Matthew Lee in Washington contributed to this report.
Also on HuffPost:

7.3 magnitude quake in Indonesia  tsunami warning issuedPrint
By: Press Trust of India | Jakarta | Posted: November 15, 2014 10:16 am | Updated: November 15, 2014 11:06 am
A 7.3-magnitude earthquake rocked the Maluku Islands in eastern Indonesia on Saturday, the US Geological Survey said, prompting authorities to issue a tsunami warning.
The undersea quake struck at a depth of 46 kilometres at 10:31 am (0231 GMT), 154 kilometres northwest of Kota Ternate, the USGS said.
“Tsunami waves are possible for coasts located within 300 kilometres,” said the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center.
The centre said tsunami waves could hit parts of Indonesia, as well the Philippines, Japan, Taiwan and islands in the South Pacific.
Tsunami waves between 30 centimetres and one metre could hit parts of Indonesia, said the centre, while waves below 30 centimetres were forecast for the coasts of the Philippines, the centre said.
“We have issued an early tsunami warning,” an official from Indonesia’s meteorological agency told AFP.
Indonesia sits on the Pacific “Ring of Fire” where continental plates collide, causing frequent seismic and volcanic activity.
A huge undersea quake in 2004 triggered a tsunami that killed more than 170,000 people in Aceh province, on western Sumatra island, and tens of thousands more in other countries with coasts on the Indian Ocean.

Sino-US visa deal to unleash travel  trade boomU.S. President Barack Obama, right, and Chinese President Xi Jinping, arrive together for a G20 Summit family photo with other world leaders in Brisbane, Australia (Source: AP)
Beijing | Posted: November 15, 2014 4:47 pm
The new liberalised visa agreement between China and the US will unleash a major travel and trade boom between the world’s two largest economies and will also be used as a template by Beijing to make similar arrangements with other developed countries, Chinese officials said on Saturday.
The new agreement made during the recent visit of US President Barack Obama to Beijing for Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) summit will extend the validity of B1, B2 and B1/B2 visas to 10 years from one year for Chinese citizens travelling to the US for business or leisure.
B1 visa is for business and B2 visa for tourism while B1/ B2 covers both.
US citizens applying for tourism, business and visiting visas for China will enjoy a reciprocal arrangement, Huang Ping, Director General of the Consular Department said.
“It will also be used as a template to make similar arrangements with other developed countries,” official media here quoted Huang as saying.
Officials believe the new 10-year visa policy for tourists and businessmen will benefit about 80 per cent of travellers between the countries.
Chinese Foreign Ministry statistics show that 4.05 million people travelled between China and the US last year and 70 to 80 per cent of them were business people and tourists.
“It means that an average of more than 10,000 people are travelling between the two countries every day,” Huang said.
A number of Chinese are buying properties in the US, taking advantage of liberalised investment regime by Washington to attract more investments.
Huang said that consultations will be continued to better facilitate short-term official visit visas and work visas in both countries.
“We are making step-by-step efforts to cover those who travel, for whatever purpose, with reciprocal polices,” he said.
“China has spared no efforts to promote visa facilitation with other countries. We hope the agreement with the US can set an example for future consultations between China and other developed countries,” he said.
Li Haidong, a professor of US studies at China Foreign Affairs University, said the reciprocal visa arrangement reflects breakthroughs China has made on visa applications with developed countries.
Huang said Canada is offering Chinese travellers 10-year visas for tourism, business and general visits.
European countries, including Britain, France, Italy, Germany and Spain, are also issuing long-validity visas to an increasing number of Chinese, state-run China Daily reported.
Jia Xiudong, a researcher at the China Institute of International Studies, said visa facilitation is the result of growing demand, both in China and foreign countries.
“China’s stunning economic development has made it possible for more and more Chinese to travel abroad,” he said.
Huang, however, admitted that the government’s work has not matched the growing demand from Chinese citizens for more continued…

Iraq forces break jihadist siege of main oil refineryA civilian inspects the site of Friday's car bomb in Baghdad's Gorayaat neighborhood, Iraq, Saturday (Source: AP)
By: Agence-France Presse | Kirkuk (iraq) | Posted: November 15, 2014 6:12 pm
Iraqi forces broke a months-long siege by jihadist fighters of the country’s largest oil refinery Saturday as the top US officer flew in to discuss the expanded war against the Islamic State group.
Ousting IS fighters from around the refinery would mark another significant achievement for Baghdad, a day after pro-government forces retook the nearby town of Baiji.
“Iraqi forces… reached the gate of the refinery,” the governor of Salaheddin province, Raad al-Juburi said.
Three officers confirmed that Iraqi forces had reached the refinery, 200 kilometres (120 miles) north of Baghdad, where security forces have been encircled and under repeated attack since June.
The new success for Iraqi forces came a day after they recaptured nearby Baiji, the largest town they have taken back since IS-led militants swept across Iraq’s Sunni Arab heartland in June.
Fully clearing the Baiji area of jihadist fighters would further boost Baghdad’s momentum and cap a week which also saw pro-government forces retake a major dam.
A joint operation by the army and Shiite militia earlier this week wrested back the Adhaim Dam in the eastern province of Diyala.
A breakthrough preliminary deal reached on Thursday between the federal government and the autonomous Kurdish region on long-standing budget and oil disputes also raised the prospect of increased coordination in the fight against IS.
The group on Thursday released an audio recording purportedly of its chief, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, after rumours that air strikes may have killed or wounded him.
The IS group has had most of the initiative, both on the ground and in the propaganda war, in recent months.
But the man said to be Baghdadi seemed at pains to reassure his followers and the lack of video failed to dispel speculation he might still have been wounded.
America’s top military officer, General Martin Dempsey, arrived in Iraq for talks on the the further expansion of military operations against the jihadists.
A US-led coalition is carrying out air strikes against IS jihadists in both Iraq and Syria, while Washington has announced plans to increase the number of its military personnel in the country to up to 3,100.
Brett McGurk, the number two US envoy for the coalition battling the jihadist group, said on Twitter:
Chairman @Martin_Dempsey arrived in #Iraq to confer w/Iraqi political and security officials on next phase of the campaign to defeat #ISIL .
— Brett McGurk (@brett_mcgurk) November 15, 2014
The US and other governments have pledged trainers and advisers to aid Iraqi security forces in their battle against IS.

Hong Kong activists denied permit to go to BeijingHong Kong Federation of Students leader speak to supporters before attempting to travel to Beijing, at Hong Kong International Airport on Saturday. (Source: AP)
By: Associated Press | Hong Kong | Posted: November 15, 2014 9:00 pm
Three Hong Kong students who have led protests for greater democracy in the former British colony were denied in their attempt on Saturday to go to Beijing to meet with top Chinese officials.
Alex Chow, Nathan Law and Eason Chung members of a student group that played a main role in organizing massive street protests that started nearly two months ago arrived at the Hong Kong airport greeted by dozens of well-wishers. But they were denied boarding passes for a Cathay Pacific flight when they were told their documents that would allow them to travel to Beijing were invalid.
“The Cathay Pacific has confirmed… that the (students) got their return-home cards cancelled by the mainland authority, so they cannot get the required certificates to get onto the plane,” said Yvonne Leung, general secretary of Hong Kong Federation of Students.
In a news conference hours later, the student leaders said annulling their travel documents is an unreasonable move that deprives them of their rights to enter the country’s territory.
“It symbolizes that Hong Kong people’s right to determine their destiny will be taken away in the future,” Chow said.
Carrie Lam, chief secretary for the Hong Kong administration, said that it was unnecessary for the students to petition Beijing and that the central leadership of the ruling Communist Party “is fully aware of the different appeals.”
Pro-democracy lawmakers in Hong Kong are routinely denied entry to the mainland, and Beijing in the past has confiscated or refused to renew the travel permits commonly known as return-home cards for a number of Hong Kong activists.
Chow and his deputies had planned to go to China’s legislature upon arrival to seek talks with Premier Li Keqiang and others.
The protesters oppose Beijing’s decision that a panel will screen candidates for the inaugural 2017 election for Hong Kong’s top official. Since late September, the protesters have occupied streets in three business and shopping districts in Hong Kong to express their objection to the Beijing decision and to demand genuine universal suffrage, but the Chinese authorities have declared the gatherings illegal and showed no sign of backing down.
An editorial in the Saturday edition of the party-run Global Times said the students would not get their meeting and their travel plans were merely a show for sympathy.
“These activists may be too naive,” the editorial reads. “Do they really know who they are and whom they can represent? How can they meet whomever they want in Beijing?”
Chow, Law and continued…

Philae in idle mode after drilling into cometUpdated: November 15, 2014 13:07 IST
Philae in ‘idle mode’ after drilling into comet
AP
Tweet
Reuters
Since landing on comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko some 311 million miles (500 million kilometers) away, the lander has performed a series of tests and sent reams of data, including photos, back to Earth.
TOPICS
space programme
The spacecraft that landed on a comet performed two tricky manoeuvres on Friday - drilling into the rocky surface and rotating itself to catch more sunlight. Both operations carried considerable risks, because they could have toppled the probe or pushed it out into the void.
Scientists at the European Space Agency said the manoeuvres appeared to have worked.
“My rotation was successful (35 degrees). Looks like a whole new comet from this angle,” read a message posted on the lander’s official Twitter account.
Since landing on comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko some 311 million miles (500 million kilometers) away, the lander has performed a series of tests and sent reams of data, including photos, back to Earth.
But with just two or three days of power in its primary battery, the lander has to rely on solar panels to generate electricity after that.
The space agency on late Friday said that the batteries eventually depleted and without enough sunlight to recharge them, Philae fell into ‘idle mode,’ and all instruments and most of the systems on board shut down.
Scientists were concerned to find that not only had Philae unexpectedly bounced twice before coming to rest untethered to the surface, but photos indicated it was next to a cliff that largely blocked sunlight from reaching two of its three solar panels.
With time running out, scientists decided to risk moving the lander and performing one of the most important experiments it was sent into space for.
Material beneath the surface of the comet has remained almost unchanged for 4.5 billion years, making the mining samples a cosmic time capsule that scientists are eager to study.
Mission controllers said Philae was able to bore 25 centimeters (10 inches) into the comet to start collecting the samples, but it’s unclear whether it has enough power to deliver any information on them.
It also wasn’t immediately clear whether the rotation had succeeded in putting the lander’s solar panels out of the shadow.
Meanwhile, the Rosetta Philae’s mother ship, which is streaking through space in tandem with the comet will use its 11 instruments to analyze the comet over the coming months.
Scientists hope the $1.6 billion project that was launched a decade ago will help them answer questions about the origins of the universe and life on Earth.
Communication with the lander is slow, with signals taking more than 28 minutes to travel between Earth and Rosetta.
“Let’s stop looking at things that we could have done if everything had worked properly,” said flight director Andrea Accomazzo. “Let us look at things that we have done, what we have achieved and what we have on the ground. This is unique and will be unique forever.”

Why we all fell in love with Rosettas Philae landerBy Rachel Feltman November 15 Follow @rachelfeltman
Philae's first panorama, with the lander's position illustrated. (ESA/Rosetta/Philae/CIVA)
In 1969, the whole world crowded around their televisions to watch mankind make its first moon landing. On Wednesday, it seemed as if the whole world crowded around their computers instead – this time to watch the European Space Agency drop a probe onto the surface of a speeding comet.
Comet 67P/Churyumov–Gerasimenko is currently about 300 million miles away from the Earth, whizzing around the sun at a speed of 84,000 miles an hour. The Rosetta spacecraft was launched in 2004, and has spent the past decade traveling over 4 billion miles in order to match the comet’s orbit.
To get in sync with the ancient, misshapen hunk of ice and rock, Rosetta swung around the Earth three times to pick up speed, and spent nearly three years in hibernation due to its distance from the sun. Finally, in August, it fell into stride with the comet, which is less than 3 miles across.
The world wasn’t immediately interested in Rosetta’s success: After all, while the orbiter was collecting data on the comet from the moment it approached it (and will continue doing so for a year), there was no real climax of the story – no “giant leap,” as Neil Armstrong said back in the day, for the world to hang on.
That is, until the little probe named Philae came along.
It had all the makings of a great story: Rosetta, after years and years of work, would drop its payload. Philae was instantly cast as an underdog. It lacked any propulsion system – so once ejected, it had a seven hour free-fall. The Rosetta mission team, which included scientists from both the ESA and NASA, were very clearly prepared for the worst. In preparing for the landing, every interview seemed to emphasize how successful Rosetta had been and would continue to be — even if Philae never sent back data from the comet.
Philae could fail to land or land upside down (a tragedy, as the probe has no way to flip over). And no matter what happened, viewers of the ESA’s livestream would only be able to watch the mission control room in Darmstadt, Germany. They’d see the faces of scientists apprehensively reading data from the probe’s sensors, and they’d be treated to periodic updates. But the only thing the landing could promise with any certainty was an extremely tense morning.
And yet we tuned into that livestream in droves, and tweeted the related hashtags with vigor and glee. Trying to follow all of the tweets tagged with #cometlanding was a fool’s errand as the predicted landing time of 11am ET approached – there were too many messages being tweeted too fast, and they passed by in an incomprehensible blur.
When Philae touched down safely , mission control’s jubilation was contagious, and rang out across social media. And shockingly, the world stayed interested. Philae’s future was uncertain, and intriguing: As the hours went by, it became apparent that Philae’s harpoons, meant to anchor it into the comet, hadn’t deployed . Would it bounce right off the comet and back into space?
It’s a credit to those managing Rosetta and Philae’s social media presence that people became more excited, and not less, when it became clear that the lander’s days were numbered. While Philae had a surprisingly precise landing at its chosen spot, it had then bounced off into a shady area. Its solar panels didn’t get access to nearly enough light to keep it operating, and the probe’s 60-hour battery life was running out.
No doubt inspired by the brilliant social media campaign of NASA’s Mars rovers, those tweeting for Rosetta and its lander did an incredible job of making the hunks of metal seem like living extensions of the intrepid explorers who sent them to space. Rosetta and Philae were presented as friends , tweeting adorably at each other, and their faux personalities roped us into following Philae’s nail-biter of a journey.
By Friday night, we knew it was coming to an end : That morning, Rosetta scientists had told the public that Philae’s batteries were almost certainly going to die during their next communication link with the probe. And sure enough, Philae’s Twitter account followed through until the end, tweeting out a series of messages about going to sleep that made many (myself included) express grief for – and immense pride in – the little lander that could.
Several missions in the near future will take us to asteroids, the slower-moving (and easier to chase down) cousins of comets. In 2016, NASA’s OSIRIS-REx will use a spacecraft with a robotic arm to pluck some asteroid off and take it home. And while we wait for another Philae-like comet trip – which probably won’t come in the next 10 years – we still have Rosetta. The spacecraft will follow its comet for a year, studying it as it passes the sun. And during that time, if enough light hits its solar panels, Philae could even make a comeback – reuniting the world’s new favorite pair of space buddies.
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

Federal Ban Sought for Animal Testing on CosmeticsAt least three people died Friday in the Philippines but Typhoon Hagupit appears to have spared the region’s residents...
Aaron Favila/AP Photo

Dont see any irrational exuberance in market valuations: Shiv Puri  TVF Capitaleconomy
(I do not think the markets…)
In an interview with ET Now, Shiv Puri, Founder and Managing Director, TVF Capital Advisors, talks about the market, corporate earnings, GDP growth and some stocks. Excerpts:
ET Now: India is in a sweet spot, but do you think the markets are pricing in all the good news? Are valuations still on your side?
Shiv Puri: I do not think the markets are pricing in good news from the medium-term perspective. At 15-16 times earnings, valuations today are pretty reasonable in terms of where they have been over the long term.
If you look at foreign flows also this year, they have been half the levels that they were last year. It is not like everyone has put India right on top of their map and most importantly, if you look at the companies on bottoms up basis, you still see pretty good opportunities to invest capital.
In the short term, there can always be a correction like that happens invariably in any market. If we get our growth back to 6-7%, say, in some time next year or the year even after that and the nominal GDP growth is 11-12%, you will see companies growing revenues by 15% to 17%.
ET Now: The Nifty in this year itself has appreciated by about 30% plus. Good quality stocks like banks, IT companies, pharma names have appreciated between 50% and 70%. Are stock prices running slightly ahead of themselves? Is the margin of safety still on your side?
Shiv Puri: Around this time last year things were looking much more darker than they are looking now, business sentiment was very low, consumer sentiment was low. While there were some positives, the stock market was quite low. So, valuations have moved up from below average to slightly above average, but I do not think there is any irrational exuberance. They may have gotten a little ahead of themselves because of the earnings.
ET Now: The Q2 numbers were not that impressive and the markets are still giving their favourite stocks a benefit of doubt. What happens if we do not see revival in the next two or three quarters? Will the markets run out of patience or are you confident that the revival will happen?
Shiv Puri: The rising tide is not going to lift all the boats. So one has to be very careful about the sectors and companies one is looking at, but over the next two or three quarters you are going to see the business and revenue growth improve. You are going to see some operating leverage coming in and if you look across, there will be opportunities for companies to do better.
ET Now: How much of the current market action is also a function of the global market action? As we speak, Japan is at a record high, Dow is at a record high and barring some European markets, most of the other major European markets are also at a record high. So in isolation we may feel special about the India story, but ultimately we are part of the global club.
Shiv Puri: We are definitely part of the global club and if there is a shakeout globally, it does impact India. But if one steps back and looks at what is happening this time around in the world, India is part of one of the emerging countries or one of the developing countries and if you look at what is happening in some of these developing countries, it is not all good news everywhere. We know China has its set of issues and it is very difficult to understand the Chinese companies' balance sheets.
ET Now: Shadow banking and all kind of other key concerns?
Shiv Puri: Exactly, if you look at Russia they have a geopolitical issue and Brazil had potentially a leadership issue in terms of their economic direction that they seem to be going in. So, there are concerns around a lot of different parts of the world and Europe also seems to be in a tight spot. In Japan the stock market might be a high, but you have to look at some of the other things that are happening in the economy that make it very difficult from an investing standpoint and if you look around the world, the US economy and the market seem to be doing well and India will start doing well.
 
ET Now: What could be the downside in this kind of a market assuming that we are in a bull market?
Shiv Puri: It is hard to predict exact percentage of what the decline could be, there can always be sort of 5%-10% corrections that come along the way and the 2002-2003 onwards template is a pretty good time to look at in terms of how things could have potentially played out. In 2004, we did have a political change and a business cycle turn at the same time which is exactly what 2014 is undergoing.
So, there will be some sort of corrections along the way, but I do not think there is anything significant on the horizon.
ET Now: The India rhetoric is strong, the India story is appealing, but if I look at flows, they have not been that promising. In fact, the net flows what we have got for 2013 when India was in a mess were actually much higher than what we have got in 2014 when India is in a sweet spot?

Jammu & Kashmir s all-star momentJammu & Kashmir s all-star moment
Karnataka to invest Rs 5 lakh crore to create 15 lakh jobsKarnataka to invest Rs 5 lakh crore to create 15 lakh jobs
Hamm to pay ex-wife $973m in divorce© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/eff59ed8-6935-11e4-9eeb-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Philae happy but precarious on cometRosetta’s Philae space probe is a ‘happy lander’ but precarious on comet
Clive Cookson and Mark Odell
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f13214f6-6b25-11e4-ae52-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Appuchi Gramam review: Less Bradbury than Bharathiraja  but thats part of the charmTamil cinema
The conceit is gold. A meteor is headed towards earth. It’s the end of the world. At least, it’s the end of Tamil Nadu. The localisation isn’t a surprise. Had the same scenario played out in a Hollywood movie, the events would be set in Anycity, America, with the occasional TV shot convincing us that the rest of humanity is in peril too. In Appuchi Gramam, directed by Vi Anand, we take stock of what’s happening through the residents of the titular village. There’s something awesomely subversive about a sci-fi story unfolding in the back of beyond, where men walk around in loincloths and where people carry around lanterns at night. Meanwhile, in cities, scientists gather around hi-tech equipment and fret about impending doom. A conventional disaster movie would use this as the dramatic lynchpin – how these men plan to avert this disaster. We’d be ushered through roomfuls of people making highfalutin plans, their every line punctuated with techno-geekery. The atmosphere would be thick with portent. Appuchi Gramam wants none of that.
Instead, this is what’s in store – feuding families; sickle-wielding hotheads from a neighbouring village; a widowed mother yearning to hear from her son in the US; skirmishes around the local deity; lots and lots of boozing; a driver who’s in love with his master’s daughter; a second love story, occasioning a couple of duets; men with the hots for the local item girl; a scene with a thaali; a scene where someone proclaims his love for this land. It’s Tamil-cinema business as usual, less Bradbury than Bharathiraja. But the director never lingers too long on a single narrative strand, and the sci-fi backdrop makes the clichés seem not so clichéd. I mean, it isn’t just another rich-girl-meets-poor-boy track when a tender moment is interrupted by a ball of fire hurtling over their heads.
I wish more had been done with the premise though. While it’s a relief not to have to pretend everything’s going to go up in smoke until disaster is averted at the last minute – and no, this isn’t a spoiler; whether here or in Hollywood, disaster is always averted, always at the last minute – there are a few too many detours into maudlin and messagey territory, enough to make you wish that the meteor wipes out, if not this village, then at least the “village sentiment” that plagues these films. (Wouldn’t you know it, the meteor is but a deus ex machina to cure the various ills, social and otherwise, infecting these people.) The funny bits, like the portion where a meteorite is worshipped as aatha, could have been funnier. The final stretch – lots of fireworks – could have been tenser. But I’m not complaining… too much. The low-keyness is part of the charm. It’s nice to have a movie where the prospect of annihilation induces in a local youth little more than the concern that he’s going to die a virgin. It’s a kick to see this “world crisis” being handled not by the POTUS but by the Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu (Nasser, one of the few recognizable faces). And the reason people aren’t too concerned about what’s going to happen made me laugh out loud. Our weathermen never get anything right.
Appuchi Gramam
Director: Vi Anand.
Cast: Nasser, GM Kumar, Ganja Karuppu.
Storyline: What happens in a village as the residents prepare to be hit by a meteor.
A version of this review can be read at www.baradwajrangan.wordpress.com

Two stunning beauties steal show at Geneva jewelery auctionSapphire and ruby stunners set world records at jewelery auction
Recommend
Link
24 days ago, Reuters Videos
Precious jewels known as the “Blue Belle of Asia” and “Graff Ruby” sell for record breaking numbers at auctions in Geneva. Sharon Reich reports.
More on Reuters Videos:
Ani - Sat 6 Dec, 2014 10:09 AM IST
LATEST ET NOW VIDEOS
Terms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

Let us ratify Brics bank by year-endLet us ratify Brics bank by year-end
Sensex triumphs with 28 000 milestoneSensex triumphs with 28 000 milestone
Modified DBTL scheme relaunched in 54 districtsModified DBTL scheme relaunched in 54 districts
ESA is a serious playerESA is a serious player capable of taking on Nasa
By Clive Cookson
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/34ce9086-6a63-11e4-bfb4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Harold Hamms fortunes under scrutinyHarold Hamm’s fortunes under scrutiny
Ed Crooks
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5c0a7452-6bf4-11e4-b939-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Case for marriage guidance© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/faa9e47a-6b28-11e4-be68-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Continental Resources  hedge trimmer© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/3a154a9a-65bc-11e4-aba7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Our relations are deepening  waiting for your visit : Merkel to PM Modi (Update:Modi)Our relations are deepening  waiting for your visit : Merkel to PM Modi (Update:Modi)
BJPs ammo: 3D Narendra Modi  cyber cellPrint
Written by Adil Akhzer | Srinagar | Posted: November 16, 2014 5:30 am
Prime Minister Narendra Modi may only visit Srinagar for campaigning, but his 3D avatar will address people across the state. After experimenting with it during the Lok Sabha elections, the BJP will now use 3D technology in J&K to attract voters. “A 3D van will arrive in Kashmir on November 24,” said Altaf Thakur, BJP’s media in-charge in the state. “At every big rally in Kashmir, Modiji will address people using 3D technology,” he said. Thakur said that the 3D van, fitted with a big LED screen, will travel across the Valley during the campaign. “This will be the first time that the any party in the state will use such a van,” he said. “It will give our workers and the people the feeling that PM Modi is with them”. In a bid to woo young voters, the party has also launched its cyber cell in Kashmir. On Modi’s direction, a special team had been sent from Delhi to Srinagar to train the team on Friday, a senior party leader said. “We are targeting the over 20 lakh people who use social networking in the Valley,” the BJP leader said.

Omar Abdullah dig at Congress: Its only taking credit for good thingsJ&K CM Omar Abdullah during a rally at Ganderbal
Written by Mir Ehsan | Srinagar | Posted: November 16, 2014 5:26 am
After deciding not to contest from his home constituency, J&K Chief Minister Omar Abdullah visited Ganderbal on Saturday and sought votes for the new National Conference candidate Sheikh Ishfaq Jabar. Omar also criticised the Congress, coalition partner in the present government, for trying to discredit the NC.
Ganderbal has been represented by Omar’s father and his grandfather. This time, however, Omar has decided to leave the family bastion and is contesting from Sonwar and Beerwah.
“This is the first time that I am coming to Ganderbal to ask for your precious votes for someone not from my family. I promise you that my personal bond and association with the constituency will remain unchanged till I live,” he said at Chinar Bagh. He highlighted the developmental work he has undertaken since he became the Chief Minister.
Taking a dig at the Congress leadership, Omar said: “It was surprising that the Congress, after six years of being in the government and occupying key cabinet portfolios, was blaming the NC for all the criticisms, while taking credit for all the good things done by the government.”
Omar also blamed the opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) for opposing the rehabilitation policy for the youth who had crossed over to the other side of the LoC.

Sonia hands over key to Nehru pvt papers  access now controlled only by PMOPrint
While nearly all of Nehru’s speeches, writings and letters are in the public domain, there is a small but significant body of historical material, comprising his letters and other writings, which is not.
Written by Seema Chishti | New Delhi | Posted: November 16, 2014 5:23 am | Updated: November 16, 2014 2:06 pm
The approval of Jawaharlal Nehru’s legal heirs will no longer be necessary to access the papers of India’s first Prime Minister. The request for access will now have to be okayed only by the Prime Minister’s Office (PMO) — which, sources said, will be done on a case-by-case basis.
While nearly all of Nehru’s speeches, writings and letters — from both before and after he assumed office — are in the public domain, there is a small but significant body of historical material, comprising his letters and other writings, which is not. The Nehru papers not requiring the permission of the legal heirs are papers related to his public life, after he assumed office, and which are not yet in the public domain.
This material, from the period after August 15, 1947, were willed to the private Jawaharlal Nehru Memorial Fund, and remain the property of the Fund. They are in the custody of the Nehru Memorial Museum and Library (NMML), which is a public body. As per the system put in place by Indira Gandhi after Nehru’s death, they could be accessed only with the permission of Nehru’s legal heirs and the Prime Minister of India. The PM is ex-officio head of the NMML Society.
This system has remained in vogue ever since. Besides Nehru’s papers, there are at least six other sets of papers at the Teen Murti library, which can be seen by scholars only with the permission of their heirs.
Now, Sonia Gandhi, Nehru’s granddaughter-in-law and the legal heir of his papers, has written to the library to say that the family would have no problems if scholars were given access to them, it is reliably learnt.
Which means that from now on, it is only the Prime Minister — for the present, the office of Narendra Modi — who would have to be approached for permission to access the papers.
It is believed that this move by Nehru’s legal heirs is intended to counter impressions about Nehru’s position on several key developments of his time as PM, for example, regarding Kashmir or China.
The RSS’s antipathy towards Nehru is well known and, with the BJP in power, the first Prime Minister and his legacy have been receiving more attention than in recent years.
(The original report has been altered to incorporate a clarification.)

Highlight Narendra Modi moves  Sushma tells BJP team on China visitThe delegation of MPs and MLAs drawn from various states will try to understand the internal structure of the Chinese Communist Party and the political functioning there.
New Delhi | Posted: November 16, 2014 5:22 am
With complexities involved in India-China ties, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj told a BJP delegation headed to China that their visit was to support the ongoing efforts by the government to remove the minor irritants in political, economic and geographical areas.
Addressing the 13-member delegation, which left for China on a seven-day visit on Saturday, Sushma asked them to impress upon the leaders in Beijing about the positive steps initiated by the Narendra Modi government in establishing cordial relations with all neighbouring countries, particularly China.
The delegation of MPs and MLAs drawn from various states will try to understand the internal structure of the Chinese Communist Party and the political functioning there.
The delegation, led by Lok Sabha member Bhagat Singh Koshyari, will also seek an understanding of the role of the political set-up in establishing a welfare society in China. The delegation, which includes party MPs Tarun Vijay, Bhola Singh, Kamakhya Prasad Tasa and Harish Dwivedi, will also emphasise establishing and strengthening ties between the two ruling parties.
By ENS & PTI

Nehrus theories no longer relevant  says BJP gen secyPrint
Written by Liz Mathew | New Delhi | Posted: November 16, 2014 5:16 am
Even as the political war of words over Jawaharlal Nehru’s legacy continues, a senior BJP leader on Saturday said Nehru’s theories are no longer relevant for India.
BJP general secretary P Muralidhar Rao said that dismantling of the Planning Commission, which was based on Nehruvian socialism, is an indication that his theories have become outdated while Deen Dayal Upadhyay, the Jana Sangh ideologue who had argued against the Five Year Plans, is more relevant today.
“The Planning Commission was based on socialist theory, which has failed everywhere in the world. When PM Narendra Modi announced dismantling of the Planning Commission, there was no protest. It is a clear indication that leaders like Deen Dayal Upadhyay who judged this country correctly is in the mainstream, not Nehru,” Rao said. He was speaking at the launch of the new edition of The Two Plans: Promises, Performance, Prospects by Deen Dayal Upadhyay.
Upadhyay, a prominent Jan Sangh leader, was a vehement critic of the plan panel and the Five Year Plans, which according to him, were conceptualised by people who were ignorant of India’s culture and traditions.
Rao said even Nehruvian secularism, which is irreligious, has been rejected by many. “In today’s world, his secularism is not accepted, the definition of secularism has changed and it will be on the basis of Indianness,” he argued. “Nehru will be remembered only for his contribution to the democratic traditions and its institutions.”
Minister of State for Commerce and Industry Nirmala Sitharaman was expected to release the book, but she could not come due to official engagements. Her message was read out at the function.
The arguments put forward by Rao were a clear indication that the economic policy of the BJP-led government could be influenced by Upadhyay’s works. Sources said the RSS has demanded that Upadhyay’s theories should be the basis for the new body that would replace the plan panel. Ashwani Mahajan, co-convenor of Swadeshi Jagaran Manch, the economic wing of the RSS, said the government should not rush to constitute a body to replace plan panel. “One has to debate on the new structure. There has to be a broad consensus. Since Upadhyayji’s thinking has been proved right even today, that should be incorporated,” he said.

UP govt transfers 5 IAS officersUP govt transfers 5 IAS officers
Nehrus theories no longer relevant  says BJP gensecyPrint
Written by Liz Mathew | New Delhi | Posted: November 16, 2014 5:16 am
Even as the political war of words over Jawaharlal Nehru’s legacy continues, a senior BJP leader on Saturday said Nehru’s theories are no longer relevant for India.
BJP general secretary P Muralidhar Rao said that dismantling of the Planning Commission, which was based on Nehruvian socialism, is an indication that his theories have become outdated while Deen Dayal Upadhyay, the Jana Sangh ideologue who had argued against the Five Year Plans, is more relevant today.
“The Planning Commission was based on socialist theory, which has failed everywhere in the world. When PM Narendra Modi announced dismantling of the Planning Commission, there was no protest. It is a clear indication that leaders like Deen Dayal Upadhyay who judged this country correctly is in the mainstream, not Nehru,” Rao said. He was speaking at the launch of the new edition of The Two Plans: Promises, Performance, Prospects by Deen Dayal Upadhyay.
Upadhyay, a prominent Jan Sangh leader, was a vehement critic of the plan panel and the Five Year Plans, which according to him, were conceptualised by people who were ignorant of India’s culture and traditions.
Rao said even Nehruvian secularism, which is irreligious, has been rejected by many. “In today’s world, his secularism is not accepted, the definition of secularism has changed and it will be on the basis of Indianness,” he argued. “Nehru will be remembered only for his contribution to the democratic traditions and its institutions.”
Minister of State for Commerce and Industry Nirmala Sitharaman was expected to release the book, but she could not come due to official engagements. Her message was read out at the function.
The arguments put forward by Rao were a clear indication that the economic policy of the BJP-led government could be influenced by Upadhyay’s works. Sources said the RSS has demanded that Upadhyay’s theories should be the basis for the new body that would replace the plan panel. Ashwani Mahajan, co-convenor of Swadeshi Jagaran Manch, the economic wing of the RSS, said the government should not rush to constitute a body to replace plan panel. “One has to debate on the new structure. There has to be a broad consensus. Since Upadhyayji’s thinking has been proved right even today, that should be incorporated,” he said.

NDA govt framing new education policy  to come out by 2015: Smriti IraniThe NDA government was framing a new education policy to remove existing loopholes and give maximum and easy access to better education to all sections of the society, Union HRD Minister Smriti Irani today said here.
The new policy, she said, is expected to come out next year.
“We want to remove the maximum loopholes from the existing education policies, and will come up with a newly framed one for giving maximum and easy access to education to common people.
“The new education policy of the NDA government is expected to come out next year, for which the suggestions would be sought from grass root level,” she said.
The Minister said past education policies were framed by very few people called as experts, consisting mostly of educationists, academicians and bureaucrats.
“Such policies were least associated with common man living in far off villages, and mattered less to rural people. In the new education policy, our aim is to specifically target those students who are living in villages and could not continue their education due to lack of exposure and unavailability of resources. They should get maximum benefit,” Irani said.
The HRD minister was here to inaugurate a national seminar at Mahatma Gandhi Kashi Vidyapeeth today.
Stressing that providing better future to youngsters was her government’s top priority, she said, after so many years a government was formed at the Centre with absolute majority, as young, mostly in the age group of 30, voted for lotus.
Irani said girl students should be encouraged to take up technical education, where their number was less, despite the fact that their performance in board exams was better than that of boys.
Some Banaras Hindu University student held protest demanding restoration of students union in BHU.
They held protest against the HRD minister here outside the venue and carried postcards, questioning why government was patronizings RSS in BHU and Mahatma Gandhi Kashi Vidyapeeth.
They also carried postcards, questioning why government was patronising RSS in BHU and Mahatma Gandhi Kashi Vidyapeeth.
TAGS: NDA Smriti Irani
More from industry

At G20  Modi talks reforms  seeks black money cooperationAt G20, Modi talks reforms, seeks black money cooperation
Agencies  Brisbane, November 15, 2014
First Published: 14:55 IST(15/11/2014) | Last Updated: 00:32 IST(16/11/2014)
Comments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi brought to the world stage his promise to bring back black money stashed abroad, pitching for global cooperation to tackle the menace at his first G20 summit on Saturday.
Heads of states and international organizations pose for the 'family photo' during the G20 Summit in Brisbane. (AFP Photo)
He told G20 leaders as well as heads of the five-nation BRICS bloc that “repatriation” of black money is his government’s priority and sent a message that economic reforms for tangible growth should be “people-centric and people-driven” and insulated from politics.
Modi underscored the security and economic challenges that slush funds pose to the international community and sought close coordination among the nations to achieve the objective of bringing back home Indian slush money kept hidden abroad.
“Repatriation of black money kept abroad is a key priority for us,” said the Prime Minister, one of the most sought-after leaders at the summit, who stood next to British premier David Cameron at the customary photo-op in a bandhgala with a pink pocket square masking the grey.
External affairs ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said it was the first time that the “security dimensions” of black money have been brought to focus. Modi’s pitch was in line with summit host Australia’s promise for a “very aggressive” crackdown on tax avoidance, which goes with India seeking strong action by the G20 nations against tax havens.
The two-day summit is being held at a time tax avoidance by multinational companies were reportedly organising tax-lowering deals with Luxembourg and pressure from anti-corruption advocates, urging the major economies to stem the flow of slush funds across borders.
Later in the day, Modi told fellow G20 leaders at a retreat hosted by his Australian counterpart Tony Abbott that economic reforms were handicapped by the perception of being government programmes and a burden on the people. He said this needs to change.
“Reform is bound to face resistance ... (it) must be insulated from political pressure,” Modi said and pointed out that it cannot be undertaken by “stealth”.
His comments in Brisbane come days before the start of the winter session of Parliament in which key but controversial legislations on opening up the pension and insurance sectors are expected to be taken up.
Modi also called for a common strategy to tackle global terrorism at meetings with French president Francois Hollande and Canadian prime minister Stephen Harper on the sidelines of the summit.
He told both leaders that religion should be delinked from terrorism.
Host Abbott got a Modi “jhappi” (hug) that the Australian media described as the “standout shake” of the summit — distinct from the formal handshakes.
The Australian leader posted a photo of Modi sharing a lighter moment with US President Barack Obama and himself during the retreat. “The BBQ lunch with @narendramodi and @BarackObama was an opportunity for #G20 Leaders to talk in a relaxed atmosphere,” Abbott posted.

Are Chetan Bhagat s takes on current affairs...How Chetan Bhagat's scattershot takes on current affairs suggest impatience with details
16 Nov, 2014, 04.31AM IST
0
Share More
Blogs & some publications enjoyed either praising or declaiming Bhagat, and a series of articles pilloried the poor man for everything that was wrong with his brand of writing.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
By Harish Nambiar
My spine has been freezing and thawing overfast, buffeted over the last couple of months by the full blast of a teenage girl's hebephrenia; I found solace in that she loves Chetan Bhagat . I use the word in its original form, as derived from Greek he-be-te-s, which is young adult, and the English phrenia from the childish behaviour which often goes with that stage.
And then Bhagat released his latest book last month setting off landslides of opprobrium across India's nascent English literary establishment while Flipkart and Rupa laughed their way to the bank.
Blogs and some publications enjoyed either praising or declaiming Bhagat, and a series of articles by some respected bylines pilloried the poor man for everything that was wrong with him and his brand of writing.
I asked my new teenage friend if she had read any of these pieces. She said "I only read what my friends say about the new book". Which meant, between the two of us, only I had read these 'respected' bylines.
I heard in this an echo of the early children's films made in India, always instructional and told with an adult's idea of what is childish, moving into the troublesome teenage. And, in a manner of speaking, catching the parents unprepared.
Too often, self-obsessed parents are planting themselves as victims of how their generation never had a chance; when they were young, they were told to respect the old, and now that they are old, they are told to listen to the young.
Frankly, all they have to do is listen, without checking out the messenger's age.
But as is often the case with parents, they forget the Enid Blytons they devoured when they were growing up. The BBC had refused to broadcast Blyton's works through the 1930s to the '50s because her work lacked literary merit. This was before most of these parents were born. Among the charges against Blyton was that her works were unchallenging.
Malady of Interpretation
Bhagat is a vertical invader into the world of the written word, much like the 19th century French writer George Sand . And, like so many pathologies released under pressure, his critics tend to use his background to score cheap points that reveal their animosities more than soundness of judgement, always delivered from the vantage point of literary fiction.
In many ways, these critics tend to err the way Susan Sontag wrote in 1966.
"In a culture whose already classical dilemma is the hypertrophy of the intellect at the expense of energy and sensual capability, interpretation is the revenge of the intellect upon art.
"Even more. It is the revenge of the intellect upon the world. To interpret is to impoverish, to deplete the world — in order to set up a shadow world of 'meanings.' It is to turn the world into this world. ("This world"! As if there were any other.)
"The world, our world, is depleted, impoverished enough. Away with all duplicates of it, until we again experience more immediately what we have."
Sontag is not among Bhagat's favourite authors, but Hemingway is. So, to use Hemingway's phrase, courage is grace under pressure. From all accounts, the graceful lot is not doing too well in India for the moment. In this transitional subcontinent, the scores will shift, soon too.
Those who have seen Bhagat take deserving slights, from Salman Rushdie to Gulzar, with the smile of the grocer will concede the man has been better with his Hemingway than those who pillory him for lacking in literary merit. It is more touching when you realize that he has never professed to be staking any claim to literary eminence.
The literary establishment's clannishness is not unique to Indian society's various formal and informal clubs. When in 1990 the then prime minster, VP Singh, decided to implement the recommendations of the Mandal Commission report reserving jobs for the socially disadvantaged communities of the largely Hindu country, the largely upper-caste media freaked.

Vipul Amar s TVR churning out luxury leather...( For a jacket, the dummy…)
By Preeti Verma Lal
Tango Red. Yes, that's my name. My number is 08. Little lah-di-dah, did you say? Look at me, first. My inners are pure silk with fluttering butterflies; my buttons shimmer with a hint of gold, the seams on my curves are sedulously sewn, and the YKK zippers with metal teeth are mill dyed to prevent colour spill. I am hand-chiselled. Don't pucker your nose. I am not off-the-shelf types. I am special. Extraordinary. There's no one quite like me. There's something about me. Everything's exclusive. You see that brass monogram in Baroque font. That high collar. The two-way zipper closure. That unusual ruby red of my Italian skin. Those diamonds quilted on my elbow. Six men hunched over me for five days. To create me. Took them 60 hours. I am bespoke. I am Tango Red. A bespoke short jacket from The V Renaissance (TVR), a New Delhibased bespoke luxury maker. Yeah, obviously, I am pricey. My tag: Rs 1,15,300. Add the taxes, please.
In the deafening peak-hour clamour, I was driving to the TVR atelier in Vasant Kunj to see Tango Red, an Illusionist, weekender travel bag. Harvard Tales, a duffel with trolley. And Ms V Ebony, a handbag for women. All bespoke luxury. I walk in into a whiff of leather and a warm hello from a bearded, pony-tailed Vipul Amar,the founder and managing director of TVR. From a steel shelf, leather rolls peep — burgundy red with a glaze, brown with alligator grain, charcoal black in snakeskin, whisper white, an unusual teal... Mostly cow leather sourced from the best tanneries across the world. Bison leather from Arizona and Texas in the US, Tango Red from Italy, English Bridle from the UK. On a table are candy jars stacked with brass tacks, pins, charms and rivets. Custom-made to perfection. A beefy blue box has tools. In a stout round jar is expensive animal fat. To moisturize the leather. All for a bespoke product.
Leather Tales
Vipul sits on the floor. Sheets of leather lie by his toe. He pulls, twists, scratches, pounds on leather pieces to elaborate on grains and finish. A connoisseur goes beyond that gleam on the hide. That could be baloney. He shows me tick scars on a cow hide. He knows leather. He is fussy about quality. He once tied a swatch of leather on his shoes and waded through slush and mud to test its durability. When in doubt, he washes a tiny piece with lime, salt and detergent to separate the good from the ugly.
  I sit cross-legged on the floor running my hand over leather swatches in the beautiful black box. Leather begins to slip under my skin — I, a leather ignoramus, pick up a few lessons.
A luxury bespoke buyer can pick his leather. He can have his fave photograph as a lining print. He can choose the weight of the button — 17-35 gms. The rivets on the sleeves can have gold, antique brass, gold or chrome finish. If he prefers light-weight jackets, the leather is diligently skived to weigh less. Purists swear by experience of being fitted — the process of being measured, choosing the details such as the right shoulder line, the lapel, the silhouette, going for fittings, the impeccable finishing. For a jacket, the dummy is first created in rexine. Every crease, every seam, every fold is checked on the dummy before creating the final jacket. Quite like a jacket, every tiny detail of a bag can be customized.
Vipul has no formal training in design. His lineage is forest/agro trade, but his DNA seemingly has an art helix. He scribbles and lo! a design is sketched. His mind is wired into aesthetics. When a bespoke buyer wants initials on the jacket, he refrains from hammering it on the cliched heart. The height, the complexion, the mien of the customer together decides the initials' position. Once a slightly hunched customer wanted initials by the pockets. Vipul stuck them on the nape — it took the onlooker's gaze off the man's hunch! He knows no pentameters, but he spews poetry. Vipul never trained as a photographer but runs the Vipul Amar School of Photography (he shot all photographs for this feature). He paints everything in his mind. That is how he designs all TVR products.

Sonia hands over key to Nehru pvt papers  access now controlled only byPMOPrint
While nearly all of Nehru’s speeches, writings and letters are in the public domain, there is a small but significant body of historical material, comprising his letters and other writings, which is not.
Written by Seema Chishti | New Delhi | Posted: November 16, 2014 5:23 am | Updated: November 16, 2014 2:06 pm
The approval of Jawaharlal Nehru’s legal heirs will no longer be necessary to access the papers of India’s first Prime Minister. The request for access will now have to be okayed only by the Prime Minister’s Office (PMO) — which, sources said, will be done on a case-by-case basis.
While nearly all of Nehru’s speeches, writings and letters — from both before and after he assumed office — are in the public domain, there is a small but significant body of historical material, comprising his letters and other writings, which is not. The Nehru papers not requiring the permission of the legal heirs are papers related to his public life, after he assumed office, and which are not yet in the public domain.
This material, from the period after August 15, 1947, were willed to the private Jawaharlal Nehru Memorial Fund, and remain the property of the Fund. They are in the custody of the Nehru Memorial Museum and Library (NMML), which is a public body. As per the system put in place by Indira Gandhi after Nehru’s death, they could be accessed only with the permission of Nehru’s legal heirs and the Prime Minister of India. The PM is ex-officio head of the NMML Society.
This system has remained in vogue ever since. Besides Nehru’s papers, there are at least six other sets of papers at the Teen Murti library, which can be seen by scholars only with the permission of their heirs.
Now, Sonia Gandhi, Nehru’s granddaughter-in-law and the legal heir of his papers, has written to the library to say that the family would have no problems if scholars were given access to them, it is reliably learnt.
Which means that from now on, it is only the Prime Minister — for the present, the office of Narendra Modi — who would have to be approached for permission to access the papers.
It is believed that this move by Nehru’s legal heirs is intended to counter impressions about Nehru’s position on several key developments of his time as PM, for example, regarding Kashmir or China.
The RSS’s antipathy towards Nehru is well known and, with the BJP in power, the first Prime Minister and his legacy have been receiving more attention than in recent years.
(The original report has been altered to incorporate a clarification.)

G-20 leaders finalise details of growthplanWorld leaders prepared to release details of a plan aimed at injecting life into the world's listless economy.
By: Associated Press | Brisbane | Posted: November 16, 2014 5:23 am
World leaders prepared to release details of a plan aimed at injecting life into the world’s listless economy, with infrastructure investment and the lowering of trade barriers flagged as key components of the initiative.
Leaders of the world’s 20 largest economies, wrapping up a two-day gathering in the Australian city of Brisbane, were hammering out the final components of a plan to boost global GDP by more than 2 percent above expected levels over the next five years, which amounts to around $2 trillion.
“That is millions of jobs and trillions of dollars in extra production,” Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott said in an address to the G-20 conference. “Yes, we want freer trade and we will deliver it. Yes, we need more infrastructure and we will build it.”
G-20 nations, which represent 85 percent of the global economy, are under pressure to take definitive action at this year’s summit, rather than simply producing a set of vague, unmeasurable goals. The International Monetary Fund has warned about a “new mediocre” for the world economy, putting renewed focus on the G-20’s growth initiative.
The final communique, to be issued later Sunday, will be based on individual plans submitted by each G-20 country, outlining how they will achieve their contribution toward the growth target. World GDP this year is about $77 trillion.
Australian Treasurer Joe Hockey said the group’s strategies include 1,000 measures that will lift infrastructure investment, increase trade and competition, cut red tape and increase employment.
“While we still face economic challenges in many parts of the world, I’m optimistic our 2 percent commitment will deliver the growth the world needs,” Hockey said.
But rights groups such as The Civil Society 20 group, or C20, want assurances that the poor will benefit the most from the plans, estimating that the additional growth could lift 1 billion people out of poverty if it was poured into the poorest 20 percent of G-20 households.
In between official talks, leaders have taken time to enjoy a bit of Aussie culture. A photo of a smiling Abbott and Russian President Vladimir Putin standing side-by-side while holding koalas was a rare lighthearted moment in an otherwise frosty atmosphere surrounding the Russian leader’s presence. Putin has come under fire from multiple leaders at the summit over the escalating conflict between Russia and Ukraine.
The leaders also enjoyed an Aussie barbecue at the state Parliament House, feasting on king prawns, oysters, lamb and pavlova, a popular meringue dessert generally served with fruit and whipped cream. Several of their spouses, meanwhile, visited a wildlife sanctuary where they, too, cuddled with koalas and fed kangaroos.
Although Abbott has sought to keep the summit tightly focused on the growth plan, he has faced pressure to add issues such as the Ebola crisis in West continued…

Highlight Narendra Modi moves  Sushma tells BJP team on ChinavisitThe delegation of MPs and MLAs drawn from various states will try to understand the internal structure of the Chinese Communist Party and the political functioning there.
New Delhi | Posted: November 16, 2014 5:22 am
With complexities involved in India-China ties, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj told a BJP delegation headed to China that their visit was to support the ongoing efforts by the government to remove the minor irritants in political, economic and geographical areas.
Addressing the 13-member delegation, which left for China on a seven-day visit on Saturday, Sushma asked them to impress upon the leaders in Beijing about the positive steps initiated by the Narendra Modi government in establishing cordial relations with all neighbouring countries, particularly China.
The delegation of MPs and MLAs drawn from various states will try to understand the internal structure of the Chinese Communist Party and the political functioning there.
The delegation, led by Lok Sabha member Bhagat Singh Koshyari, will also seek an understanding of the role of the political set-up in establishing a welfare society in China. The delegation, which includes party MPs Tarun Vijay, Bhola Singh, Kamakhya Prasad Tasa and Harish Dwivedi, will also emphasise establishing and strengthening ties between the two ruling parties.
By ENS & PTI

Asahi U-turn reignites Japan war debateAsahi retraction reignites Japan debate over wartime brutality
By Jonathan Soble in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b59e5758-2456-11e4-ae78-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Japan presses China over coral poachersJapan presses China over coral poachers
Demetri Sevastopulo in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/589ca9fc-64a1-11e4-b219-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Junk bond rebound follows end of QEJunk bond rebound follows end of QE
Vivianne Rodrigues in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a10727ca-64f7-11e4-bb43-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China and Japan to resume security talksChina and Japan to resume security talks
Demetri Sevastopulo in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/af6d3bfe-6661-11e4-8bf6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US investigates Petrobras for corruptionUS turns up heat with criminal investigation into Petrobras
Kara Scannell in New York and Joe Leahy in São Paulo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/82b0d258-6803-11e4-bcd5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Petrobras  at the car wash© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/d34778f6-6340-11e4-9a79-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Brazil  stuck in the valleys© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/3ee3e622-5dd7-11e4-b7a2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Xi and Abe hold landmark summitXi and Abe hold landmark summit
Demetri Sevastopulo in Hong Kong and Tom Mitchell in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f8765ae2-6896-11e4-af00-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Falling oil price hits junk energy bondsFalling oil price hits junk energy bonds
Vivianne Rodrigues and Ed Crooks - New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/713dde94-66a5-11e4-8bf6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

No love lost between nationalist leadersNo love lost between nationalist leaders
By Demetri Sevastopulo in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9f7773b2-68ec-11e4-9eeb-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

New rules threaten payday lendersNew rules threaten existence of payday lenders
Emma Dunkley and Claer Barrett
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ac77fe6c-6971-11e4-8f4f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rigging scandal costs six banks $4.3bnRegulators slap $4.3bn fines on six banks in global forex probe
Daniel Schäfer and Caroline Binham in London and Kara Scannell in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/aa812316-69be-11e4-9f65-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Amazing facts about Rohit s 264Mind Boggling Facts About Rohit Sharma’s 264
Take a deep breath. This will blow your mind.
Also See:
Prev Next
First up, 264 runs. Wow. That wouldn't be a bad score if an entire team made it. Sri Lanka responded with 251 in this game, 13 runs less than Rohit.
First up, 264 runs. Wow. That wouldn't be a bad score if an entire team made it. Sri Lanka responded with 251 in this game, 13 runs less than Rohit.
No live matches are in progress.
vs.
Sri Lanka vs England, 4th ODI
Sun 7 Dec, 2014 12:47 PM IST
The Top 10 Batsmen In World Cup History
Fri 5 Dec, 2014 4:42 PM IST
The best players always bring their 'A' game to big tournaments. And it surely doesn't get bigger than the World Cup. In the 10 editions of the premier event so far, several batsmen have used their willows to write themselves into the history books. Here's a ranking - in reverse order … More » The Top 10 Batsmen In World Cup History
Down the ages: India in Australia
Fri 5 Dec, 2014 2:14 PM IST
In 10 trips to Australia, India have never managed to win a series, although thrice they have averted losing it. A look at the series results along with the men who have led India Down Under.
Australia vs India — strengths and weaknesses
Fri 5 Dec, 2014 2:36 PM IST
Analysis of Australia and India squad before the four-Test series, which starts in Adelaide on Tuesday. [Text: Reuters]
India vs Cricket Australia
Thu 4 Dec, 2014 10:44 AM IST
Action images from India's two-day tour game versus Cricket Australia played on December 4 and 5, 2015 at Adelaide. More » India vs Cricket Australia
Tears and tributes flow for Phillip Hughes
Wed 3 Dec, 2014 1:38 PM IST
Selected quotes from eulogies and tributes to Phillip Hughes on Wednesday as Australia bid farewell to the cricketer at his funeral in his hometown of Macksville, New South Wales.
3rd Test: Pakistan vs New Zealand
Sun 30 Nov, 2014 6:08 PM IST
Phil Hughes: Tributes
Fri 28 Nov, 2014 11:59 AM IST
The tragic death of batsman Phil Hughes from a freakish on-field accident brought the entire cricket community together in an immense outpouring of grief. A look at some of the tributes to the deceased.
Sri Lanka vs England, 2nd ODI
Sat 29 Nov, 2014 12:33 PM IST
India train at Adelaide Oval
Sat 29 Nov, 2014 8:53 AM IST
As the cricket universe struggled for composure in the aftermath of Phil Hughes shocking passing away, the Indians moved to the Adelaide Oval, the venue of their cancelled tour game, for a practice session on November 29, 2014. More » India train at Adelaide Oval
Bangladesh vs Zimbabwe, 4th ODI
Fri 28 Nov, 2014 5:07 PM IST
Remembering Phil Hughes
Thu 27 Nov, 2014 4:19 PM IST
The young Australian batsman would have turned 26 on November 30, 2014. Alas, a freak incident on the field of play on November 25 cut short his life. Here's a look at some pictures from the talented and zestful southpaw's life and times.
Cricket world reacts to Phil Hughes’ death
Thu 27 Nov, 2014 11:38 AM IST
Australia cricketer Phillip Hughes passed away on November 27, 2014 in Sydney following a head injury he had incurred in a Sheffield Shield match on November 25. During this game … More » Cricket world reacts to Phil Hughes’ death
Today on Yahoo

Editorial: Some respite insugarGold futures price falls on global cues
If the extraordinarily high cane price in Uttar Pradesh which made most sugar mills lose money wasn’t bad enough, the state’s investment policy is worse. While the Allahabad High Court has ruled in favour of stability, it is an open question as to whether the state will appeal this in the Supreme Court—given this would mean Akhilesh Yadav’s government appealing the policy of his father’s government, it looks unlikely though. In 2004, with not enough sugar mills in the state, as a result of which farmers had to sell their cane at low prices to the relatively inefficient gur/khandsari units, the state—Mulayam Singh was the CM—announced an investment policy offering sops in terms of various levies like purchase tax on sugarcane and trade taxes on molasses. With the caveat that the incentive could never be greater than the investment, the sops were available for 5-10 years. As FE reported on Thursday, around R9,000 crore of investments got made in the state, providing more employment as well as ensuring more cane could be sold to the mills. In 2007, however, when the Mayawati government came to power, it decided to rescind the policy, and began issuing notices to the mills for dues. While the Allahabad High Court has struck this down on grounds of promissory estoppel for Bajaj Hindusthan, it is expected other mills who are in court will get a similar verdict.
Needless to say, any government is free to review decisions taken by its predecessor. This happened at the central level in natural gas prices only recently, and in the case of the 2G licences issued by A Raja in 2008, the Supreme Court cancelled them even though they had been issued by the government. When decisions are reviewed, it is a reasonable expectation that existing concessions be honoured. And in case concessions are to be taken away, or licences cancelled, wrong-doing has to be proved. In this case, however, as the Allahabad High Court has pointed out, no such proof was presented.
While the court ruling provides a much-needed respite for embittered millers, the state’s other policies remain problematic and, sadly, the government lost the last chance it had to fix things. The day of the court verdict, the state announced its State Advised Price (SAP) which, while being frozen for the last two years, is much higher than the Centre’s Fair and Remunerative Price (FRP). As a result of the large losses this entails, sugar mills in the state have been refusing to begin crushing operations this year—they have demanded the state adopt the Rangarajan formula of sharing 75% of receipts with farmers in place of the unacceptably high SAP. With global commodity prices falling to multi-year lows, this is all the more reason for the state to move to this as mills will make larger losses. Also, with the Rangarajan formula in place in states like Maharashtra, sugar from these states can be imported at lower prices into UP. The biggest losers of this policy to help farmers, ironically, will be the farmers since they will end up selling their cane at either the FRP or even lower to gur/khandsari units.
TAGS: Sugar Mills Uttar Pradesh
More from commodities

Twitter given junk bond rating by S&PTwitter given junk bond rating by S&P
Hannah Kuchler in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/05e8ddee-6b76-11e4-ae52-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Xi and Obama have shown leadershipNovember 13, 2014 7:17 pm
Xi and Obama have shown leadership on emissions
Kevin Rudd
The Beijing declaration also puts new pressure on other countries, writes Kevin Rudd
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/98dacaba-6b51-11e4-ae52-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Index launched for green bond growthIndex launched for green bond growth
Andrew Bolger
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7eac5f50-6b2e-11e4-ae52-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Reddit brings back founder after upheavalReddit brings back founder after upheaval
Richard Waters in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/87398ef8-6b84-11e4-ae52-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tracking the malnutrition monsterTweet
Not just food They need a balanced diet
It could take the form of undernutrition, hidden hunger and obesity. The human and economic costs are staggeringly high
The scourge of malnutrition affects the most vulnerable in society, and it hurts most in the earliest stages of life. Today, more than 800 million people are chronically hungry, about 11 per cent of the global population. Undernutrition is the underlying cause of almost half of all child deaths, and a quarter of living children are stunted due to inadequate nutrition. Micronutrient deficiencies — due to diets lacking in vitamins and minerals, also known as “hidden hunger” — affects 2 billion people.
Another worrying form of malnutrition — obesity — is on the rise. More than 500 million adults are obese as a result of diets containing excess fat, sugars and salt. This exposes people to a greater risk of non-communicable diseases — like heart disease, diabetes and cancer — now the top causes of death in the world.
Action call
Many developing countries now face multiple burdens of malnutrition, with people living in the same communities — sometimes even the same households — suffering from undernutrition, hidden hunger and obesity.
These numbers are shocking and must serve as a global call to action.
Besides the terrible human suffering, unhealthy diets also have a detrimental impact on the ability of countries to develop and prosper — the cost of malnutrition, in all its forms, is estimated between 4 and 5 per cent of global GDP.
Government leaders, scientists, nutritionists, farmers, civil society and private sector representatives from around the world will gather in Rome from November 19-21 for the Second International Conference on Nutrition (ICN2). It is an opportunity they cannot afford to miss: making peoples’ right to a healthy diet a global reality.
Current food systems are unsustainable and unhealthy. Creating healthy and sustainable food systems is key to overcoming malnutrition in all its forms — from hunger to obesity. Food production has tripled since 1945, while average food availability per person has risen by only 40 per cent. Our food systems have succeeded in increasing production, however, this has come at a high environmental cost and has not been enough to end hunger. Meanwhile, food systems have continued to evolve with an even greater proportion of food being processed and traded, leading to greater availability of foods with high energy, fats, sugars and salt.
Our food systems are simply not sustainable or healthy today, let alone in 2050, when we will have to feed more than 9 billion people. We need to produce more food but also nutritious food and to do so in ways that safeguard the capacity of future generations to feed themselves. Put simply: we need healthy and sustainable food systems — that produce the right balance of foods, in sufficient quantity and quality, and that is accessible to all — if we want to lead healthy, productive and sustainable lives.
Acting now
In preparation for ICN2, countries have agreed to a Political Declaration and a Framework for Action on nutrition containing concrete recommendations to develop coherent public policies in agriculture, trade, social protection, education and health that promote healthy diets and better nutrition at all stages of life.
The Framework for Action gives governments a plan for developing and implementing national policies and investments throughout the food chain to ensure healthy, diverse and balanced diets for all. This can include strengthening local food production and processing, especially by family farmers and small-scale producers, and linking it to school meals; reducing fat, sugars and salt in processed food; having schools and other public institutions offer healthy diets; protecting children from marketing of unhealthy foods and drinks; and allowing people to make informed choices regarding what they eat. While government health, agriculture, and education ministries should take the lead, this task includes all involved in producing, distributing and selling food.
Nutrition for all
The ICN2 Framework for Action also suggests greater investments to guarantee universal access to effective nutrition interventions, such as protection, promotion and support of breastfeeding, and increasing nutrients available to mothers.
Countries can start implementing these actions now. The first step is to establish national nutrition targets to implement already agreed-upon global targets, as set out in the Framework for Action. ICN2 is the time and place to make these commitments.
FAO and WHO are ready to assist countries in this effort. By transforming commitment into action and cooperating more effectively with one another and with other stakeholders, the world has a real chance of ending the multiple burdens of malnutrition in all its forms within a generation.
Graziano is the director general of FAO. Chan is the director general of WHO
(This article was published on November 14, 2014)
Related

In the mood for data sharingIn the mood for data sharing
Pankaj KP Shreyaskar
Unshackle information Respect the RTI spirit LISA S/SHUTTERSTOCK.COM
Unshackle information Respect the RTI spirit LISA S/SHUTTERSTOCK.COM
The Open Government Data initiative is gaining ground, but it needs to be in step with the Central Information Commission
Open government data (OGD) is fashionable. Governments and public institutions in Europe and other parts of the globe are making increasing numbers of datasets available to the public by means of national, regional, local or thematic portals, in keeping with their political commitments towards open government and open data. At the global level, OGD is an important part of the Open Government Partnership, an international initiative launched in September 2011 by eight founding governments.
The demand for such data —“give us our data back” — has not arisen out of nowhere. There is at least one law, the Right to Information Act, which complements and creates an environment for such data demands in India.
Section 2 (f) of the RTI Act very broadly defines “information” as any material in any form, including records, documents, memos, e-mails, opinions, advices, press releases, circulars, orders, logbooks, contracts, reports, papers, samples, models, data material held in any electronic form. While the RTI is mostly rights-based, OGD is mostly technology-driven.
Two systems
The recent focus of national government on OGD in India may ‘distract’ its attention from providing accessible information to the general public in favour of making data portals for developers, entailing a possible new information power for the latter. In addition, the emphasis on proactive dissemination of OGD may actually have a negative influence on the demand-side of RTI. It is therefore felt by the Government that efficient sharing of data — among data owners and inter-and-intra governmental agencies along with data standards and interoperable systems — is the need of the hour.
So, the Government in 2012 formulated a policy on National Data Sharing and Accessibility (NDSAP), which could provide an enabling provision and platform for proactive and open access to the data generated through public funds available with various ministries/departments/bodies of the Government. The objective is to facilitate access to government-owned shareable data (along with its usage information) in machine-readable form through a wide area network all over the country in a periodically updatable manner.
This would be within the framework of various related policies, acts and rules of the Government of India, thereby permitting a wider accessibility and usage by public.
To give or not to give
The principles on which data sharing and accessibility need to be based include: openness, flexibility, transparency, quality, security and machine-readability. As per policy, each department has to prepare its Negative List. The datasets which are confidential and are in the interest of the country’s security would fall into the negative list.
By and large, Government data are generated through the processes and events of primary data (population census, education census, economic survey, etc.), processed/value-added data (budget, planning, etc.) and data generated through delivery of government services (income tax collection, MNREGA wage distribution, etc).
The implementation plan for the NDSAP involves the Department of Science and Technology serving the nodal functions of coordination and monitoring. The challenges of the OGD are far too many in India. The first and foremost is the involvement of several agencies in the implementation. Keeping in view the data generation and data sharing a low priority sector in India, the coordination among all these agencies seems to be fallible.
Ensuring accountability
This will also result in loss of time which will ultimately affect the timeliness principle of data sharing. Further, one of the purposes of the OGD is to guarantee accountability, and too many agencies would dilute their accountability in cases of default.
The issues of privacy and confidentiality are other areas of concern. Representatives of government agencies often fear that citizens may use raw data irresponsibly and an incorrect analysis of data may lead to misconceptions and may hurt business or larger public interests. Hence, many data suppliers are cautious about releasing any data in the public domain. There are concerns about sensitive information, as there have been past instances of confidential information finding its way into the websites and reports sold by data intermediaries. For example the data set on household surveys and the data regarding the Annual Survey of Industries owned by the Ministry of Statistics and Programme Implementation fall in this category.
As per the policy of NDSAP, each department has to prepare its Negative List. The datasets which are confidential and are in the interest of the country’s security would fall into the list. All other datasets would be in the Open List. Thereafter, within a year all the datasets need to be published on the data portal, data.gov.in and within the first three months at least five high-value datasets need to be published.
The experience of the Central Information Commission (CIC) regarding compliance with its full bench order of November 15, 2010, in which the public authorities of the central government were directed to dichotomise negative and positive classes of information, can be discouraging. Even though the order of the Commission has the force of law, its non-compliance even after three years can dampen the identification of data sets by various departments, as NDSAP does not have any force of statute.
The portal allows citizens and users to place a request for a certain dataset online. Once the number of requests for a dataset crosses 100, NIC officially writes to the department concerned requesting it to provide that data. While this is a good practice where citizens can directly influence the data availability, it is important for the data portal and its implementing agencies to seek data in a structured manner.
The biggest problem is the supply deficit of data. For example, data demand for many social indicators are well known, however, there has not been much sincere effort by the Government to generate such data.
There is need for improving quality of government data through better record keeping, improving coordination between government departments and reducing multiple departments and personnel providing similar data is another challenge for data governance in the country.
Even though the OGD faces many challenges, it has put a variety of data in a readily accessible and machine-readable format. While NDSAP implementing agencies and the project unit are largely responsible for uploading data in open data formats, there needs to be a system in place to review the contents of data portal from time to time.
The writer is a civil servant, currently on sabbatical. The views are personal
(This article was published on November 14, 2014)
Related

Opposition parties allege conspiracy by Bengal govtOpposition parties allege conspiracy by Bengal govt
Our Bureau
SIDDHARTH NATH SINGH, BJP national secretary
How did Kunal Ghosh obtain the drugs, ask BJP and CPI(M)
New Delhi, November 14:  
The suicide attempt on Friday by suspended Trinamool Congress MP Kunal Ghosh, prime witness in the Sarada scam, evoked allegations of “political conspiracy” against the ruling party in West Bengal.
The Sarada Group collected staggering sums of money from common investors before it collapsed in April 2013. Several TMC leaders are believed to have made financial gains from the scam.
The TMC was seen openly promoting the group. Sudipto Sen, the group’s Chairman and Managing Director, spent large amounts to buy Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee’s paintings, even as party MPs Srinjoy Bose and Madan Mitra were directly involved in Sarada’s operations.
According to Siddharth Nath Singh, BJP national secretary and party leader in charge of political affairs in Bengal, Ghosh’s suicide “reeks of political conspiracy”.
Political motives
“Many had suspected political motives behind the arrest of Kunal Ghosh because he had started to expose senior TMC leadership’s involvement in Sarada chit fund scam. He had also spoken about his life being in danger under Bengal police custody. A few days back he had threatened to commit suicide if TMC leaders like Mukul Roy and Madan Mitra are not arrested in connection with the scam,” he told BusinessLine.
Singh said while the CBI will follow investigations, what requires public attention is that the Bengal police and prison authorities allowed Ghosh to attempt suicide inside the jail after he had already made public claims to this effect.
Evidence suppression
“Since Ghosh is a prime witness in the scam it was imperative for Bengal police to be more alert. His movements should have been closely observed.
“Since it was clearly not done, the question that arises is whether it was suicide attempt or political conspiracy to suppress the evidence. Also, it is important to know how the drugs slipped into his room,” said Singh.
According to CPI(M) central secretariat member Nilotpal Basu, the jail authorities failed to ensure protection to Ghosh.
“Ghosh is not just an accused, he is also a witness in the case.
“He had raised objections to the way investigations are proceedings in the open court and threatened to commit suicide. The jail authorities should have shown utmost care in ensuring protection to him.
“He had questioned about why none of the top leaders of the Trinamool Congress or the Government were brought under the ambit of the investigation. This ponzi scheme affected thousands of crores of common people of the State. The whole conspiracy must be thoroughly investigated,” said Basu.
(This article was published on November 14, 2014)
Related

JCB expects recovery in construction equipment market next yearHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
JCB expects recovery in construction equipment market next year
PTI
Tweet
Jaipur, Nov 14:  
UK-based JC Bamford Excavators (JCB) expects Indian construction equipment market to move towards the path of recovery early next fiscal after months of slump.
The company, which today inaugurated two factories here, said it was embarking on another phase of growth plans in India keeping in mind the long-term potential of the market.
“Industry as a whole declined over the past six months. Our decline was lower than that of industry but we see now that it will stabilise by the end of the year and we expect it to start growing once again by the first quarter of next fiscal,” JCB India MD & CEO, Vipin Sondhi said here.
Bullish on the long-term growth aspects of India, JCB Group Chairman Lord Bamford said: “We even kept investing in India during the slowdown and we will continue to keep investing here.”
JCB has till date invested £ 250 million (over Rs 2,420 crore) in India, including Rs 500 crore on the new plants at Jaipur.
Commenting on the new factories, JCB Group CEO Graeme Macdonald said the inauguration of two factories in Jaipur is the beginning of another phase in JCB’s growth plans in India.
“It is only a matter of time before the current short-term concerns give way to the long-term growth,” he added.
JCB has already started producing components at one of the two factories and production of telescopic handlers and skid steer loaders would begin next year.
Besides Jaipur, JCB has three operational manufacturing facilities in India — one at Ballabgarh in Haryana and two at Pune in Maharashtra.
(This article was published on November 14, 2014)
Related

No regret for not becoming PM: AdvaniA file photo of LK Advani
Patna, Nov 14:  
Senior BJP leader Lal Krishna Advani today said he had no regret for not becoming the Prime Minister as the respect he got from all parties was more than enough and “overwhelmed” him.
“I have no regret for not becoming the Prime Minister of the country. The place I got in the Parliament and the respect I got from all political parties have been more than enough. The respect makes me feel overwhelmed. It is more than becoming a Prime Minister,” Advani said.
The 87-year-old veteran leader was here to attend a function at a residential school run by former IPS officer JK Sinha for boys and girls of Musahar community, one of the most downtrodden among the Scheduled Castes in Bihar.
Advani had been in the race for PM post till June 2013 when the then Gujarat Chief Minister Narendra Modi was anointed as Prime Ministerial candidate at the BJP national executive meet held in Goa.
Asked about the performance of Narendra Modi’s government, the former Deputy Prime Minister pointed out that it has spent just a little time in the office hence assessing it would not be fair, but said it was doing good and there was nothing “objectionable” about its work so far.
“Whatever the Narendra Modi government is doing is good and nothing objectionable has been done by it so far. It will be assessed when more time passes, but indications are good,” the BJP patriarch, who is part of ‘margdarshak mandal’ (guiding group) along with Atal Behari Vajpayee and Murli Manohar Joshi, said.
Talking about Congress and its criticism of BJP-led governments at the Centre and the states, the veteran BJP leader said it was one party (Congress) which had done most to ensure resounding victory of the saffron party in the Lok Sabha and Assembly elections held this year.
“The way Congress committed scams one after the other in the country, it helped BJP ensure resounding success in the Lok Sabha and Assembly elections held this year. I say that if anybody has worked the most for us, it is the Congress,” said Advani with an impish smile and walked off to attend the function.
(This article was published on November 14, 2014)
Related

Vada pav and cutting chaiVada pav and cutting chai
Nov 14, 2014
The flavour of the streets of Mumbai
Soon Mumbai will taste its first (beef-free) Burger King Whopper. Like others that went before it, the international quick service restaurant chain will feed the city’s curiosity, and perhaps succeed in doing brisk business. But as anyone who has lived in the city, or had a vada pav or three on its streets will tell you, Mumbai — despite its flirtations with global favourites — will never lose its local flavour. Grilled corn-on-the-cob in season, bhel all year round, pani puri by the dozens and kebabs that send smoke signals to hungry customers at sundown will continue to rule the maximum city.
Along its beaches like Girgaum Chowpatty and Juhu, or at the khau galis — lanes in different parts of the city lined with food stalls of every kind — lovers and friends, families and weary office-goers will tuck into plates of cheap, filling familiarity. Elsewhere, the sound of laughter and the wafting smells of Mughlai food will fill Mohammed Ali Road long after the streetlights flicker to life. At eateries like Noor Mohammadi, Hindusthan Hotel and Sarvi Seekh Kebab, it will be business as usual as regular patrons and tourists queue up for yet another helping of biryani, rounding off the meal with phirni and fruit salad. Come Ramzan, the atmosphere will be even more electric... All you need to savour the city’s many delights is a cast-iron stomach.
Photo: Paul Noronha

Pune girl wins Doodle 4 Google contestPune girl wins Doodle 4 Google contest
Abhishek Law
Tweet
Kolkata, Nov 14:  
On the occasion of Children's Day, Google featured the winning entry of the sixth Doodle 4 Google - India contest on its homepage today.
Titled, 'Natural and Cultural Paradise - Assam' the winner was Vaidehi Reddy of the Army Public School, Pune.
Children's Day is celebrated on November 14 to mark Jawaharlal Nehru's (the country's first prime minister) birthday.
The Doodle 4 Google - India contest is an annual competition that was launched in 2009. It is open to students from class one to 10.
Students are invited to design the doodle to celebrate Children's Day.
This year's theme for Doodle 4 Google - India competition was 'A place in India I wish to visit'.
(This article was published on November 14, 2014)
Related

Cyber security: Xiaomi server summit in Delhi cancelled at last momentGolf courses empty; bureaucrats have started working: Nadir Godrej
After raking controversy with claims that an expert was going to show how phonemaker Xiaomi was sending user data to servers in China, the much-publicised session at a cyber security event here did not take place today after getting cancelled at the last moment.
While Xiaomi dismissed these claims as a ‘hoax’, the organisers of the event said that the session was cancelled after a Delhi High Court order on a plea by the Chinese phonemaker.
“We cancelled session of cyber security expert, Cheng Huang, following a Delhi Hight court order on plea filed by Xiaomi. This was an opportunity for Xiaomi to come out clean of all the allegations that have been levelled on them but I think they missed it,” Indian Infosec Consortium CEO Jiten Jain, organiser of the summit, said at the event.
The website of the summit, which ended today, had mentioned that Huang “will demonstrate how Xiaomi phones have been sending device data and personal data of Xiaomi phone user to Chinese servers. The Researcher will also release Server Logs, Mi Account username, Emails and passwords of millions of Xiaomi users which have been obtained using a Zero Day flaw in the Xiaomi Servers.”
The court order restrained Huang from releasing details of Xiaomi which he claimed to have accessed from company’s server at the event, Jain said.
When contacted, Xiaomi’s Head of India Operations Manu Jain said that the company has verified that the zero-day data breach allegation made earlier by security researcher Chen Huang is a hoax.
Jain added that Huang had threatened to expose data from an old Xiaomi user account file during a session at the Ground Zero Summit 2014, making deliberately false and defamatory claims that the data was compromised through an existing vulnerability.
“We have therefore taken the necessary legal action and successfully obtained a court order to prevent Chen Huang from taking the stage to publicise untruths with the sole aim of damaging Xiaomi’s reputation,” Jain said.
Xiaomi, which plans to set up a server in India, is now world’s third largest smartphone maker after Samsung and Apple, as per the latest IDC report.
The company said that user privacy is a serious matter for Xiaomi and it does not “collect or store users’ personal information without users’ consent, and we take numerous steps to ensure that any data we collect is transferred and stored securely.”
TAGS: China Xiaomi
More from industry

Mobile data subscribers in India to reach 501 mn by FY18: CLSA reportGolf courses empty; bureaucrats have started working: Nadir Godrej
Mobile data subscribers in the country are expected to grow over two times to reach 501 million by 2017-18 led by increasing consumer engagement with mobile phones, availability of low-cost smartphones and expansion of data networks, a report has said.
“We project mobile data subscribers to expand from 198 million as of FY14 to 501 million by FY18 and data traffic to jump sevenfold, making mobile data a compelling Rs 883 billion ($15 billion) annual revenue opportunity,” global brokerage firm CLSA said in a report.
The firm said handsets are becoming the primary means for accessing the internet and mobile data usage is surging as social networking, music, email, video and m-commerce attract all categories of subscribers.
“Fuelling the expansion of data traffic are low-cost smartphones, which have only just begun to replace feature phones; and at 13 per cent penetration there is a huge pent-up demand,” it added.
CLSA said social media has also been instrumental in driving engagement. Giving an example, it said there are over 108 million active Facebook users in India and that figure is growing at over 20 million per year.
“Interestingly, nearly 75 per cent of those users access the site through mobile devices,” it said.
The report said smartphones have lowered the entry barrier to internet access significantly as they are available for 30 per cent of the cost of a personal computer (USD 50, versus USD 170) and just 3 per cent of per-capita income, making them extremely affordable.
“Leading manufacturers are sensing this growth opportunity in the affordable smartphone market and have lined up multiple offerings in the USD 30-100 price range,” it added.
India’s smartphone penetration of 13 per cent is still very low, but the market is seeing an expanding range of both affordable and high-end devices.
“We expect smartphone penetration to triple over 2014-18 to 41 per cent, driven by the increasing availability of affordable smartphones,” the report said.
Along with the increasing availability of affordable smartphones, the acceleration of data-network rollouts by mobile operators is also driving mobile data adoption, it added.
TAGS: India Internet Usage Mobile Data Smartphone Penetration
More from industry

Russia to G-20: We re here. So are our warshipsGolf courses empty; bureaucrats have started working: Nadir Godrej
Vladimir Putin is underlining his presence at a major summit of world leaders in Australia by stationing warships in waters off the country’s northeastern coast, prompting the Australian prime minister to angrily accuse Russia of trying to reclaim the “lost glories” of the Soviet Union.
The diplomatic drama, which has been simmering since a Malaysia Airlines plane was shot down over an area of Ukraine controlled by Russian-backed separatists in July, threatened to overshadow Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott’s goal of keeping this weekend’s G-20 summit focused on economic growth.
But Abbott, who had previously said he would physically confront the Russian president over the Flight 17 disaster that killed 298 people, including 38 Australian citizens and residents, did little to dampen tensions with his latest critique of Putin’s Russia.
In recent days, four Russian warships have entered international waters off the northeast Australian coast to coincide with Putin’s visit to Australia for the summit that brings together the leaders of the world’s 20 biggest industrialized and developing economies. Australia, in turn, sent three warships of its own to monitor them.
The Russian embassy said today that Russia’s Pacific fleet was testing its range, and could be used as security for Putin.
Abbott was not impressed.
“Russia is being much more assertive now than it has been for a very long time,” he said at a press conference with British Prime Minister David Cameron, also in Australia for the summit. “Interestingly, Russia’s economy is declining even as Russia’s assertiveness is increasing.”
The prime minister, who met with Putin earlier this week on the sidelines of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation forum in Beijing, aired details of his conversation with the Russian leader.
“One of the points that I tried to make to President Putin is that Russia would be so much more attractive if it was aspiring to be a superpower for peace and freedom and prosperity … instead of trying to recreate the lost glories of tsarism or the old Soviet Union.”
Abbott, an athletic 56-year-old former amateur boxer whose government is a staunch US ally, has gained a higher international profile by loudly demanding more cooperation from Russia on the Dutch-led investigation into the downing of Flight 17.
He raised eyebrows last month when he declared he intended to “shirtfront” Putin, using an Australian football term for a head-on shoulder charge to an opponent’s chest.
TAGS: G20 Summit Vladimir Putin
More from industry

Bulls in charge for fourth week on global cues IIPONGC: Subsidy sharing clarity on cards?
Benchmark indices ended positive for the fourth week in a row, with benchmark indices gaining 8% in the last one month driven by strong foreign inflows amid positive earnings, economic data and global cues.
Sensex ended the week higher by 0.64% (178.03 points) to end at a record 28,046.66. Nifty ended higher by 0.64% (52.9 points) at 8,389.9. The 50-share gauge touched its crucial psychological mark of 8,400 mid-week.
Nineteen of 28 Sensex companies that have posted results so far have beaten or matched estimates, Bloomberg data showed.
The week saw broader markets outperform the benchmark indices for the fourth consecutive session given comfort over valuations and consistent foreign fund inflows. The BSE Mid-cap advanced 1.6% during the course of week at 10,154.81 and surpass its all-time high of early 2008. The small-cap index rose nearly 1% from the previous week at 11,217.39 and is about 2100 points away from its 2008 peak.
“Consensus earnings estimates have increased over the past month. Sensex FY15 consensus earnings estimates have increased by 0.7% over the past month, which, combined with a 6.13% increase in the index in the past month, raise the earnings multiple to 15.64x compared with 15.16x a month before, a 4.9% premium to its five-year average,” stated Prabhat Awasthi, MD & head – equity research, Nomura Financial Advisory Services in an investor note.
Overseas funds remained net buyers of Indian equities for the eleventh consecutive session on Friday. Foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) purchased shares worth nearly $105 million in the cash segment on Friday, according to provisional data from the stock exchanges.
Foreign funds, which have been driving Indian markets for over a decade, have now purchased a little over $2 billion in the last eleven sessions and more than $15.3 billion in the current calendar year – the most among eight Asian markets tracked by Bloomberg and the fourth-highest inflows by foreign funds into Indian markets.
FPIs had bought a record $29.5 billion in 2010, followed by $24.5 billion in 2012 and $19.75 billion last year. The purchases have helped the Sensex climb 32.5% so far this calendar year, the best performance among the world’s 40 biggest markets. Sensex returns over a three-year period stand close to 81%
Shares of banks, fast moving consumer goods (FMCG), real estate, and automobile companies were in focus this week. The BSE Capital Goods index was the top performer with 2.95% gains. The BSE Auto index advanced 1.75% from the previous week while the Bank Nifty rose 1.3%.
Shares of energy, power, capital goods, consumer durables and healthcare companies settled on the losing side. BSE Oil & Gas index (-1.95%) was the worst performing sector in the week after brokerage downgrades and the government’s decision to hike excise duty.
Bajaj Auto was the top performer in the week with 4.28% gains, followed by ITC (3.53%), Coal India (3.42%), HDFC Bank (3.37%), and home-loan company HDFC (2.27%). On the other hand, Cipla lost 6.42% in stock value followed by ONGC (-3.89%) and Tata Power (-2.68%).
Analysts are betting on banks and rate sensitives on hopes that the RBI will cut interest rates in its bi-monthly policy on December 2 after WPI inflation rose at its slowest pace since September 2009. CPI inflation slowed to 5.52% in October, the least since the index was created in 2012, while industrial output rose at the fastest pace in three months, reports showed on November 12.
“I will be disappointed if the RBI doesn’t cut rates in December as data supports such a move,” Nirmal Jain, chairman of IIFL, said in a television interview on Friday.
TAGS: BSE Sensex
More from indianmarkets

Analyst corner: Upgrade Hindalco on standaloneperformanceONGC: Subsidy sharing clarity on cards?
Upgrade Hindalco to ‘hold’ from ‘sell’ with a revised target price of R145 (R130 earlier) due to limited downside post recent underperformance of the stock and rerating trigger dependent on outcome of upcoming coal block auctions. The stock trades at FY15e/16e EV/ebitda of 8.1/6.9x on consolidated earnings. Though the balance sheet remains debt heavy, gradual deleveraging is expected from FY16e as capex cycle comes to an end. We value the company on SOTP basis using September 2016e earnings.
Hindalco ebitda margins in standalone operations improved by 110 bps q-o-q led by higher ebit from copper operations (up 31% q-o-q) driven by operational efficiencies. Aluminium division reported 6% higher ebit q-o-q led by higher volumes, better LME prices and strong premiums though negated by higher coal costs and shutdown at Hirakud/Aditya smelters. PAT was supressed by exceptional expense of R430 crore comprising of coal penalty levy, provision of reduction in carrying value of AB minerals and forex gain. Novelis performance was muted with adjusted ebitda per tonne at $301/tonne, flat q-o-q.
We remain positive on volume growth in the domestic aluminium business but costs are expected to remain high due to the lack of captive coal for smelters and coal block auctions hold the key.
By Centrum
More from indianmarkets

Gold drops on subdued stockists demand; silverplungesGold prices dropped further at the domestic bullion market today owing to lacklustre buying activity amid overseas weakness.
Elsewhere, silver plunged sharply on the back of heavy speculative unwinding coupled with poor industrial buying support.
Standard gold (99.5 purity) fell by Rs 120 to finish at Rs 25,685 per 10 grams compared to Thursday’s level of Rs 25,805.
Pure gold (99.9 purity) also shed by a similar margin to end at Rs 25,835 per 10 grams from Rs 25,955.
Silver (.999 fineness) dropped sharply by a whopping Rs 705 to conclude at Rs 35,210 per kg against Rs 35,915 yesterday.
On the global front, the shiny metal plummeted nearly one per cent as strengthening dollar continued to weigh on demand for the safe-haven metal and also steady outflows from gold-backed funds.
Spot gold was bid lower at USD 1,153.30 an ounce in early European trades.
TAGS: Gold Price Gold Rate
More from commodities

Gold  silver prices fall on sluggish demand  globalcuesGold futures price falls on global cues
Gold prices plunged by Rs 225 to Rs 26,135 per 10 grams in the national capital today on easing demand from jewellers and retailers amid a weakening global trend.
Silver also dropped by Rs 800 to Rs 34,600 per kg on poor offtake by industrial units and coin makers.
Traders said sentiments remained weak due to fall in demand from jewellers and retailers amidst gold retreating in global markets.
Besides, crude oil prices falling to four-year low and gain in dollar eroded demand for the precious metal as an alternative investment.
Gold in Singapore, which normally sets price trend on the domestic front, fell by 1.1 per cent to USD 1,149.87 an ounce and silver by 2.4 per cent to USD 15.28 an ounce, the lowest since November 7.
Investors shifting funds towards rising equity market also dampened sentiments, traders said.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity tumbled by Rs 225 each to Rs 26,135 and Rs 25,935 per 10 grams, respectively. It had lost Rs 90 in yesterday’s trade.
Sovereign too traded lower by Rs 100 to Rs 23,600 per piece of eight grams.
Silver ready dropped by Rs 800 to Rs 34,600 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 766 to Rs 33,999 per kg.
Silver coins plummeted by Rs 1,000 to Rs 57,000 for buying and Rs 58,000 for selling of 100 pieces.
TAGS: Gold Price
More from commodities

Nifty outlook: Further reform initiatives to determinedirectionONGC: Subsidy sharing clarity on cards?
Nifty Future began the week on positive note as bulls had upper hand over the bears but consolidated post the recent rally in the markets throughout the week by making all time high of 8447.90,  getting help from factors like better IIP data, lower CPI and WPI Data, sharp correction in crude prices, improved growth in US and diminished possibilities of an immediate increase in US interest rates and renewed optimism on fiscal reforms. Some profit booking was seen in the market at higher levels in pharma sector on the last day of the week while buying was seen in specifically mid-cap companies and metals, infrastructure sectors.
Movement of index in near term will consistently depend on reform initiatives. Economic growth in China and Eurozone will engage the attention of the market and the remaining quarterly results will have stock-specific impact.Nifty November Future gave all time high closing at 8414.75 with the marginal weekly gain of 33.10 points.
In near term Nifty is likely to consolidation and expected to trade in 8300 – 8460 range with positive bias, having resistance at 8460 and strong support around the level of 8250.
By Vivek Gupta, CMT – Director Research, CapitalVia Global Research Limited.
TAGS: China Nifty
More from indianmarkets

BSE Sensex hits new high as WPI falls to 5-yr low  goodearningsONGC: Subsidy sharing clarity on cards?
Stock markets today surged to new highs with benchmark Sensex rising over 106 points to close at 28,046.66 after WPI inflation cooling to a 5-year low in October strengthened hopes of a rate cut while good earnings from bluechips like SBI boosted the sentiment.
Besides, robust buying by overseas investors and tumbling crude oil prices supported the strong momentum in stocks.
The 50-scrip NSE Nifty index spurted by 32.05 points, or 0.38 per cent, to close at new high of 8,389.90, surpassing previous record closing of 8,383.30 hit on November 12.
The 30-share BSE Sensex opened on a strong footing and continued its upward march to reclaim the key 28,000 mark to hit the day’s high of 28,093.23 as buying picked up.
After some profit-booking at record levels, the barometer settled at 28,046.66 at a fresh record closing level, clocking net gain of 106.02 points or 0.38 per cent over last close.
Thus, the Sensex bettered its previous closing peak of 28,008.90 reached on November 12. Indices have been hitting new highs after the government announced a slew of reform measures to boost economy amid positive economic data.
Driven by softening prices of fuel and food items, the WPI inflation cooled to a five year low of 1.77 per cent in October raising hopes of rate cut by the Reserve Bank next month to boost economic growth.
State-run State Bank of India posted 30.5 per cent growth in net profit at Rs 3,100.41 crore for the quarter ended September 30, pushing its shares up by 2.55 per cent.
In metal pack, Hindalco surged 3.59 per cent.
“WPI for October is one of the lowest in recent years… focus would again shift to global markets, progress on reforms and RBI monetary policy,” said Sanjeev Zarbade, Vice President- Private Client Group Research, Kotak Securities.
Other gainers that lifted indices to new highs included CIL, GAIL, Bajaj Auto, HDFC Bank, Hero MotoCorp, Infosys, TCS, ICICI Bank and RIL. Overall, 21 of 30 Sensex stocks closed up.
A firming trend at the other Asian markets and a mixed opening in Europe too influenced sentiments, brokers said.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) bought shares worth a net Rs 690.61 crore yesterday.
Sectorwise, BSE Metal index rose the most by 2.53 per cent, followed by Realty 2.35 per cent, Oil&Gas 1.06 per cent, Banking 0.72 per cent and Auto 0.62 per cent among others. In line with bullish sentiment, midcap index and smallcap, both indices ended 0.52 per cent higher.
 
TAGS: BSE Sensex NSE Nifty
More from indianmarkets

Cipla shares fall almost 3% post Q2resultsONGC: Subsidy sharing clarity on cards?
Shares of drug major Cipla fell almost three per cent today after the company’s September quarter results came in below market expectations.
Cipla’s scrip lost 2.93 per cent to Rs 605.85 at the BSE. At the NSE, it was down 2.67 per cent to Rs 606.95. “Cipla posted results for Q2 FY15 below expectations on all fronts,” said Sarabjit Kour Nangra, VP Research – Pharma, Angel Broking.
Cipla had yesterday reported a consolidated net profit of Rs 298.68 crore for the quarter ended September on account of robust sales in domestic market.
The company had posted a net profit of Rs 358.06 crore during the same period of previous fiscal.
Net sales of the company stood at Rs 2,629.81 crore for the second quarter, while the same stood at Rs 2,483.47 crore during the same period of previous fiscal, Cipla had said in a filing to the BSE.
The company had said results for the quarter are not comparable to the previous fiscal due to Mabpharm becoming a subsidiary of the company in July.
It had said that its domestic sales during the second quarter grew by 20.5 per cent to Rs 1,251 crore, up from Rs 1,039 crore during the same period of previous fiscal.
TAGS: Cipla
More from indianmarkets

DLF shares gain nearly 3% on higher Q2 netprofitONGC: Subsidy sharing clarity on cards?
Shares of realty firm DLF rose nearly three per cent today after the company reported nine per cent increase in consolidated net profit for the second quarter of this fiscal.
The scrip of the country’s largest realty firm gained 2.95 per cent to Rs 143 on the BSE.
On the NSE, it rose 2.61 per cent to Rs 143.
DLF had yesterday reported nine per cent increase in its consolidated net profit at Rs 109.06 crore for the second quarter of this fiscal on account of higher sales and lower expenses.
Its net profit stood at Rs 100.05 crore in the year-ago period.
Income from operations rose three per cent to Rs 2,013.15 crore during July-September quarter from Rs 1,956.09 crore in the corresponding period of the previous year, DLF had said in a filing to the BSE.
However, total income fell to Rs 2,135.59 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2014 from Rs 2,224.61 crore in the year-ago period.
TAGS: Dlf
More from indianmarkets

Gold futures price down on weak global cues  low spotdemandGold futures price falls on global cues
Gold prices moved down by 0.24 per cent to Rs 25,760 per 10 grams in futures trade today as participants engaged in offloading of positions amid a weak trend overseas as physical demand declined.
At the Multi Commodity Exchange, gold for delivery in December declined by Rs 62, or 0.24 per cent, to Rs 25,760 per 10 grams in a business turnover of 445 lots.
Likewise, the metal for delivery in February next year shed Rs 49, or 0.19 per cent, to Rs 25,951 per 10 grams in 29 lots.
Market analysts said a weak trend in the overseas markets as strengthening dollar eroded demand for a safe haven, mainly put pressure on gold prices in futures trade here.
Meanwhile, spot gold prices had lost Rs 90 to Rs 26,360 per 10 grams in the national capital in yesterday’s trade.
Globally, gold fell as much as 0.40 per cent to USD 1,157.94 an ounce in Singapore.
TAGS: Gold Price Multi Commodity Exchange
More from commodities

Philipp Hildebrand: What G20 must tell JunckerValuing Life: Humanizing the Regulatory State
What we’re writing about
Autumn Statement Barack Obama Britain budget deficit China climate change ebola ECB EU Euro European Central Bank eurozone eurozone crisis G20 George Osborne Germany India inflation investment Iraq Isis Mario Draghi markets Media Pakistan Scotland Syria Uighurs UK UK economy UK politics US US Congress US economy US Federal Reserve US midterm elections 2014 US politics world health organisation
Categories

How Brits can buy a flat in New York© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d628bd72-6b43-11e4-be68-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Buying and Investing in WineRisk of sour grapes as wine prices continue to disappoint
Emma Boyde
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/092d4d1c-68c6-11e4-9eeb-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Forex banks prepare to claw back bonusesForex banks prepare to claw back bonuses
Daniel Schäfer and Sam Fleming in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/91a77646-6c1c-11e4-b939-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

European banks wake up to US-sized fines© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4122ebda-6b1b-11e4-be68-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Philae probe drills into comet surfacePhilae probe drills into comet surface
Clive Cookson and agencies
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/96dd7d2e-6c15-11e4-b939-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Greece is eurozones top performerNovember 14, 2014 4:07 pm
Greece is eurozone’s top Q3 performer
Kerin Hope in Athens
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b1d24fde-6c0f-11e4-b1e6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Police raid Petrobras and contractorsPetrobras delays results as police raid offices
Joe Leahy and Thalita Carrico in São Paulo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2af9c99e-6c21-11e4-b939-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Asahis sex slave stories polarise JapanAsahi’s sex slave ‘comfort women’ stories polarise Japan
Demetri Sevastopulo in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8193efea-6baf-11e4-9337-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Japans Asahi newspaper sacks editorJapan’s Asahi newspaper sacks editor over Fukushima report errors
By Jonathan Soble in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a5e17c4a-3a41-11e4-8ee4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China needs nuclear push  say researchersNovember 14, 2014 4:56 pm
China will need many more nuclear plants, say researchers
Lucy Hornby – Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d4071f58-6c0f-11e4-b1e6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US pledges $3bn to climate change fundUS pledges $3bn to climate change fund for poor countries
Pilita Clark, Environment Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a1dcf05e-6c12-11e4-b1e6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Russian build-up sparks guessing game© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/eecc858c-6bf9-11e4-b939-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The man who built the worlds largest maze in his back gardenNovember 14, 2014 3:15 pm
The man who built the world’s largest maze in his back garden
Ruth Sullivan
The Italian publisher of rare art books who sold his business to create a giant labyrinth on his family estate near Parma
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3cfd0d50-68ce-11e4-9eeb-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Stalins crimes: a betrayal of the Russian Revolution  or a continuation‘Stalin, Volume 1’, by Stephen Kotkin
Review by John Thornhill
Did the crimes of Stalin represent a betrayal of the Russian Revolution – or a continuation of it? A new biography suggests the latter
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c0eb2cae-6a9b-11e4-a038-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The history cook: Lovely Food  A Cookery Notebook© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1db57266-6ac2-11e4-a038-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Brussels launches sliding tackle against FifaBrussels launches sliding tackle against Fifa
Alex Barker in Brussels
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/584553dc-6c12-11e4-b1e6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

G20 poised to take steps against EbolaG20 poised to take steps to tackle Ebola
George Parker and Jamie Smyth in Brisbane
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/166cc488-6c0b-11e4-b1e6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Embattled Putin arrives at G20 with navy in towEmbattled Putin arrives at G20 with navy in tow
George Parker in Canberra and Jamie Smyth in Brisbane
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9afafee8-6bae-11e4-9337-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hertz to restate further years of resultsHertz to restate two further years of results
Robert Wright in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b7b89c22-6c10-11e4-b1e6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Creativity helps CVC pull in big investorsCVC finds creative ways to attract the biggest investors
Anne-Sylvaine Chassany in London and Henny Sender in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c9e24148-6a6a-11e4-bfb4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

UK to probe insurers over reservesRegulators to probe insurers over drawing down reserves
Alistair Gray, Insurance Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/83213720-6c0c-11e4-b1e6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tesco drags China Resources into lossNovember 14, 2014 12:53 pm
Tesco drags China Resources Enterprise into loss
Patti Waldmeir Shanghai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/789306ea-6be8-11e4-b939-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Women in the Middle East battlegroundNovember 14, 2014 11:13 am
In the Middle East, female bodies are a battleground
Elif Shafak
We should not have to rely on authoritarian male leaders to advance our rights, writes Elif Shafak
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d8ad5944-69be-11e4-8f4f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

UK voters and the game of political chessThe Tories have won the economic argument but do UK voters care?
Janan Ganesh
The return of growth cannot be relied on to pay electoral dividends
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d42e7a12-6b29-11e4-be68-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The case for C-suite marriage counselling© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/faa9e47a-6b28-11e4-be68-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Amazon web services: prodigal sums© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/f2e88a44-6b9f-11e4-9337-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Juncker fends off attacks over tax deals© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6779449a-6c57-11e4-990f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Halliburton targets Baker Hughes boardLast updated: November 15, 2014 2:41 am
Halliburton targets Baker Hughes board
Ed Hammond in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c9adb212-6c6c-11e4-990f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Eurozone economy returns to growthEurozone’s return to growth fails to soothe concerns
Claire Jones in Frankfurt, Stefan Wagstyl in Berlin and Adam Thomson in Paris
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7257bc3e-6bcb-11e4-b1e6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

All clear from Australia for $7.5-bn project: Gautam AdaniInfosys founders, including Narayana Murthy, Nandan Nilekani, seeking $1.1 bn via stake sale: Source
The Australian government has given all environmental and regulatory clearances for the $7.5 billion coal mining, rail and port project, said Gautam Adani, chairman, Adani Group, in an exclusive interview to The Indian Express. The Adani group has already invested over $ 3 billion in Australia.
“We have got all clearances. South Korean major Posco has agreed to pick up a minority stake in the rail project. It has been given the contract to build the $2.2 billion railway network from the pithead in Carmichael to the Abbot Point port,” Adani said. Two other companies had bid for the rail project contract.
Though the Adani group started work on the mining, rail and port project three years ago, it had been facing environmental hurdles. He is part of the business delegation that PM Narendra Modi took to Australia. His mining company, Adani Mining, is headquartered in Brisbane, Queensland.
“In the first phase, we will mine 40 million tonne of coal a year from 2018,” Adani said. The Abbott Point port already has a capacity to lift 50 million tonne. The port company will add another berth to increase capacity. The company will call for bids for expansion of the port soon, for which Posco has evinced interest.
Jeyakumar Janakaraj, CEO and country head, Adani Mining, said the project would have a debt-equity ratio of 60:40. “The initial capex is $7.5 billion. Initial funding has been tied up. The total financial closure will be achieved by end of next year,” he said.
The Carmichael mine in the Galilee Basin is the one of the largest thermal coal mines in the world, and the largest in Australia, with JORC certified resources of 11.05 billion tonne of coal, said Janakaraj. It  will be linked by a 388 km rail line to a new terminal at the Abbot Point port.
According to Janakaraj, the mining, rail and port projects will be executed by different companies. Adani Mining itself is fully owned by Adani Enterprises through Adani Global. About two-third of the coal output would be exported to India and the balance to Korea, Japan, Taiwan, etc.
“We are in an advanced stage of negotiation with consumers,” he said.
Adani was also likely to rope in another equity partner, Janakaraj said. “It will be a third party equity partner apart from Posco, but will again hold minority stake,” he added. Posco too would hold not more than 26%, the majority being held by the Adani Group.
TAGS: Adani Enterprises
More from companies

Pawar launches Swachh campaign in BaramatiUpdated: November 14, 2014 23:49 IST
Pawar launches Swachh campaign in Baramati
Shoumojit Banerjee
Maharashtra
NCP initiative aimed at curbing spread of dengue, says party chief
The Nationalist Congress Party (NCP), on Friday made another gesture of intent to support the initiatives of the Narendra Modi government with the entire family of the party chief Sharad Pawar including the Maratha strong man trooping onto the streets of Baramati town with brooms kicking off Prime Minister Narendra Modi's `swach bharat' campaign.
Significantly, the Pawar clan cleanliness drive coincided with the official launch the Clean India campaign by the BJP in Maharashtra, with its Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis in the state in the forefront.
The NCP neatly torpedoed the Shiv Sena's endeavour to strike a deal with the BJP on its participation in the Fadnavis government with its support to the BJP on October 19 even as the results were trickling in for the recently concluded state assembly election.
Mr. Pawar, sporting an anti-pollution mask, symbolically brandished a broomstick, with a few flourishes to the dust of Baramati.
But even as Mr. Fadnavis’ show was dubbed as a political drama with charges that the Chief Minister was sweeping a road made garbage-free well in advance, the drive launched by the Pawar family in their stronghold Baramati in Pune district stole the BJP’s thunder.
Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis launches Swachh Bharat Abhiyan, the central government's cleanliness initiative, in South Mumbai on the occation on Childrens Day. Photo: Vivek Bendre
Among the other family members of the Pawar who were cited on the roads include Mr. Pawar’s nephew and former Maharashtra Deputy Chief Minister, Ajit Pawar and daughter Supriya Sule.
Addressing reporters, Mr. Pawar said party is keen to end the dengue epidemic which has gripped Baramati.
“Two persons have died here as a result of dengue. From now on, every Monday will see a cleanliness drive by every citizen of Baramati,” he said.
The NCP initiative has irked a section of BJP workers with party activists in Ahmednagar district dismissing the move as a cheap stunt by Mr. Pawar to be overtly on the side of the BJP.
BJP workers in Ahmednagar’s Shrirampur tehsil held a ‘self-introspection’ meet where they urged the party brass to distance themselves from the NCP and protested against their party’s murky policy of quietly tolerating the NCP support.
“We[the BJP] have come to power in the State only by exposing the NCP’s crimes. Even if we are short of a majority, why must we seek their unsolicited support? It is obvious to one and all that Sharad Pawar’s game is to protect the skins of tainted NCP leaders. For this, he can stoop to any level,” said a BJP leader from Ahmednagar.

BJPs manifesto for J-K assembly polls to back Article 370Crossing the line: Mamata Banerjee takes the lead in use of foul language
A new kind of intimidation tactic has emerged in the political theatre of West Bengal, and this time the chief minister herself stands as the accused. Mamata Banerjee has led her party colleagues in hitting a new low of foul language usage in political discourse.
Sulemani Keeda review by Anupama Chopra: It's lovely but narrow
Sulemani Keeda means 'a bug so big that it’s a pain in the ass'. Or at least that’s how writer-director Amit V Masurkar describes his film’s title. The set-up and characters are promising but Sulemani Keeda never becomes more than the sum of its parts because it’s too thin.

RIL ally rethinks local planRIL ally rethinks local plan
Forex reserves decline $778.4m to $315.13bForex reserves decline $778.4m to $315.13b
Kalinganagar project to be ready by March 2015: Tata Steel MDHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Kalinganagar project to be ready by March 2015: Tata Steel MD
PTI
Tweet
Jamshedpur, Nov 15:  
Tata Steel’s greenfield plant at Kalinganagar in Odisha is on track to start production by March 2015, the company’s Managing Director (India and South East Asia) T V Narendran said today.
With work going on at a fast pace in the area, the plant will be ready by March next year, Narendran said to a question here.
The Odisha project is the second integrated unit of the home-grown steel major in India after Jamshedpur.
Meanwhile, referring to the closure of iron-ore mines, he said this has posed challenges for the private steel major.
Of the 2.5 million tonne requirement of raw material, Narendran said: “1.6 million tonne was imported even though our mines are merely a few hundred kilometres away from location.”
It was only a loss for the country, he said while suggesting that the mineral law and regulation be made more transparent and consistent.
Narendran, who was talking to media after inaugurating the first four-day Pan-India Tribal Conclave-Samvaad at Gopal Maidan here, said the country has potential to achieve 7-8 per cent growth rate though it was not an easy task.
The government has to improve the infrastructure sector to realise this pace of growth, he said.
(This article was published on November 15, 2014)
Related

Putin to quit G20 summit after rebukes over UkrainePutin to quit G20 summit after rebukes over Ukraine
PTI
REUTERS Vladimir Putin
Brisbane, Nov 15:  
Russian President Vladimir Putin is to walk out of a G20 summit in Australia, an aide said today, after he faced scorn and scepticism from Western leaders over Ukraine despite venturing to paper over Europe’s deepest chill in relations since the Cold War.
The abrupt decision threatens to upend the annual summit’s focus on revamping the global economy and fixing sores such as the Ebola epidemic in west Africa.
“The programme of the second day (Sunday) is changing, it’s being cut short,” a source in the Russian delegation said on condition of anonymity.
Putin will attend summit sessions tomorrow but will skip an official lunch and address reporters earlier than planned, the source said, adding: “Lunch is more of an entertainment.”
The Group of 20 nations, which includes the United States and China, found agreement in vowing to “extinguish” the Ebola outbreak — albeit without any promise of hard cash — as it worked to reboot growth in the world economy after the shock of the 2008 financial crisis.
But Ukraine represents the most pressing test of the club’s ability to marry its economic heft to diplomatic troubleshooting, given the Cold War-style divisions between Russia and the West exposed by the former Soviet satellite’s separatist crisis.
There was no immediate comment from the G20’s Australian hosts or other delegations such as US President Barack Obama’s to Putin’s decision, which came after some testy exchanges in Brisbane today.
Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper was approached by Putin to shake hands. Harper said, according to Canadian media: “Well, I guess I’ll shake your hand, but I only have one thing to say to you: you need to get out of Ukraine.”
Before his own tense meeting with Putin on the G20 sidelines, British Prime Minister David Cameron said Russia faced a choice, with one option to implement an agreement to allow stability to return to Ukraine free of Moscow’s meddling.
“It’s important to warn of the dangers if Russia continues to head in the other direction,” Cameron said, bluntly warning that Putin had failed to serve Russia’s own interests by exposing it to punishing Western sanctions.
“If that path continues and if that destabilisation gets worse, the rest of the world, Europe, America, Britain, will have no choice but to take further action in terms of sanctions,” he said.
G20 host Tony Abbott went into a week of Asia-Pacific summitry vowing to confront Putin, particularly over the downing of a Malaysia Airlines passenger jet over Ukraine in July.
(This article was published on November 15, 2014)
Related

GMR Infra net loss widens to Rs 610 cr for Sept quarterHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
GMR Infra net loss widens to Rs 610 cr for Sept quarter
PTI
Tweet
Hyderabad, Nov 15:  
GMR Infrastructure Limited today said its net loss for the quarter ended September 30 widened to Rs 610 crore (after minority interest) against Rs 393 crore during the same quarter a year ago.
The loss is attributable to higher fuel and finance cost, it said in a statement.
The income from operations was up at Rs 2,682 crore for the quarter against Rs 2,419 crore year ago.
The company has incurred nearly Rs 845 crore and Rs 500 crore towards finance charges and fuel cost respectively, while the same were Rs 684 crore and 276 crore a year ago.
The airports vertical of the group reported Rs 1,320 crore revenue, and power division Rs 1,066 crore income during the quarter under discussion, the statement said.
GMR Megawide Cebu Airport Corporation, a joint venture between GMR group and Megawide Construction, has taken over the operational control of Mactan Cebu International Airport on November 1, the statement added.
A Project Development Agreement was signed with Government of Nepal for 900MW Upper Karnali project. The financial closure of the project is expected to be achieved within September 2016, it added.
(This article was published on November 15, 2014)
Related

Gujarat aims at 1-m jobs in IT sector by 2020Gujarat aims at 1-m jobs in IT sector by 2020
Rutam Vora
State government announces new IT and e-governance policies
Ahmedabad, Nov 16:  
Aiming at one million jobs by 2020, the Gujarat government on Saturday announced the new policy for Information Technology (IT) industry.
The policy, which entails encouragement for the new IT projects in the state is a step towards achieving the goal of 'Digital India' as conceptualised by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
The state government spokesperson ministers, Nitin Patel and Saurabh Patel informed that under the new IT policy, new IT parks will be developed in state. The policy, along with the e-governance policy for a period of 2014-19 has been announced by the chief minister Anandiben Patel.
For years, Gujarat's IT industry faced serious challenges for survival. However, the new policy looks to take the overall turnover of the industry to Rs 75,000 crore (US $15 bn) by 2020 by providing attractive sops and quality workforce to the industry in the state.
"The IT policy aims to create a vibrant IT/ITeS ecosystem with the help of innovations and basis of knowledge capital in the state through which the youth will get benefited," said spokesperson ministers in a statement issued on Saturday.
The policy provides 100 per cent waiver in the stamp duty and registration fees required for purchase/lease or transfer of land and 25 per cent subsidy for lease/rentals to new units coming up in the IT parks.
Energy minister Saurabh Patel further mentioned that the policy is also in sync with the state government's policy for micro, small and medium units. Subsidies ranging from 5-7 per cent will be given to MSMEs.
The new IT policy is also accompanied by the e-governance policy of the state government. The e-governance policy is aimed at developing e-governance in the state and achieving the goal of inclusive growth with the help of information communication technology (ICT).
Citizens would get transparent, economical and effective public services, under the new e-governance policy. This will bring women, youth and the elderly under the fold of digital inclusion, which will ensure their economical and social capabilities through this policy.
The newly introduced e-governance policy aims to provide over 500 public services through electronic medium thereby institutionalising the concept of Digital Gujarat. Also the coverage of mobile governance in the state will be expanded. For this, 'E-Gujarat' portal will be launched.
Local bodies, corporations, boards and societies will be digitally upgraded to achieve last mile connectivity. For this, the state government will use cloud computing and virtualisation and GIS services.
(This article was published on November 15, 2014)
Related

Concerns being raised on IP-related meetings of US groupConcerns being raised on IP-related meetings of US group
Jyothi Datta
Tweet
Mumbai, Nov 15:  
A network that was at the forefront of an initiative to make breast cancer drug Trastuzumab affordable has red-flagged interactions that United States-based group Intellectual Property Owners Association (IPOA) is scheduled to hold in India with representatives of the legal fraternity.
In a letter to the Chief Justice of India, Justice HL Dattu, the Campaign for affordable Trastuzumab expressed concern over “the intent and purpose” of the proposed week-long “Innovation Dialog” being organised by IPOA in India, starting Sunday.
The US-based group comprises large corporations and law firms and their meetings are troubling because, when it comes to medicines, aggressive use of intellectual property has been damaging, locking up access to affordable treatment rather than increasing the kind of competition that drives follow on innovation forward, the Campaing’s letter said.
The Campaign defines itself as a network of treatment activists, patients and public interest lawyers.
Several multinational pharma corporations with interests in India are members of the IPOA, the letter said. And the agenda of the IPOA event includes meetings with the IPAB (a quasi-judicial body), the Delhi High Court and offices of the Controller of Patents, it added. Similar letters have been sent alerting the Patent Controller General of India, as well.
The scheduled interactions are but an opportunity for multinational pharmaceutical companies to lobby on contentious issues that are taking center stage in the struggle over the interpretation of India's medicines patent law, the letter alleges.
Among them is India’s patentability criteria that makes it tougher to get a patent on new forms of existing medicines and discretion of the Patent Controller to grant a compulsory licence to a competitor to bring down the prices of medicines that are patented.
Reason for concern
The letter is concerned, with proposed meetings with representatives of the IPAB, the Delhi High Court and the Patent Controller’s offices, as these institutions are in the process of hearing patent-related cases that could involve IPOA members, it said.
“We question the ethics and propriety of meetings and interactions between the judiciary and the IPOA delegation which consisting of representatives of pharma MNCs and the law firms that represent them in patent disputes before the IPAB and Indian courts. This has been implicitly recognised by Hon’ble Justice Dalveer Bhandari who recused himself from Novartis AG vs. Union of India citing his participation in two of the International Judges Conferences organised by IPOA,” the letter pointed out.
“Our courts are in the forefront of the move to hold public institutions to account for any breach of ethics and propriety. The recent step taken by the Supreme Court to scrutinise the visitors book of the Director of Central Bureau of Investigation is a clear message in this regard, with serious note being taken of the alleged visits of individuals directly or indirectly linked to ongoing CBI investigations,” the letter said.
“We believe that the independence of the judiciary is central to its role in protecting the right to life and health guaranteed to us by our Constitution. We therefore request you to cancel any meetings you may have scheduled with the IPOA delegation,” the letter added.
(This article was published on November 15, 2014)
Related

SBI Magnum Multiplier Plus: Get the best of both worldsThis fund strives for lower risk without compromising too much on returns
November 15, 2014:  
Investors who prefer the stability in returns given by large-cap stocks, while wishing to also gain from broader market rallies, can consider buying the units of SBI Magnum Multiplier Plus. Over one-, three- and five-year timeframes, it has beaten its benchmark – BSE 200 and also its category.
The outperformance vis-à-vis the BSE 200 has been 5-7 percentage points over the long term. The fund invests mainly in large-cap stocks. Exposure to mid-caps is around 20 per cent of its portfolio. In the last three years, it has delivered 23.2 per cent returns annually, placing it in the top quartile of funds in its category over this period.
Over the long term, the fund has done better than Kotak Opportunities and Birla Sun Life Equity. Its performance in recent years compares favourably with quality names such as Franklin India Prima Plus and Birla Sun Life Frontline Equity. With a blend of stocks tilting towards quality names, SBI Magnum Multiplier Plus carries lower risks, without compromising too much on returns.
It has been able to maintain a balance between defensive and cyclical sectors. The scheme participated well in the rallies over the past few years (2012, 2013-14), while also being able to contain downsides well in the correcting markets of 2011.
Investors with a moderate risk appetite can buy units of the fund through the systematic route, with a horizon of at least five years. SBI Magnum Multiplier Plus does not take concentrated exposure to individual stocks. Exposure to even to its top holdings is less than 5 cent of the portfolio, making it a safe bet.
Portfolio and strategy
Most of its top picks are from the Nifty or the BSE 100 basket. Some quality mid-cap names such as Blue Dart, Pidilite Industries, Bajaj Finance and UPL too figure in the portfolio and these stocks have played their part in the fund’s outperformance. The scheme also maintains cash and debt position to the tune of 5 per cent of its portfolio across market cycles. SBI Magnum Multiplier Plus took to defensives such as pharma, software and consumer non-durables in 2013 as markets turned volatile.
Banks have generally been the most favoured segment. Over the last one year, as the signs of economic recovery and a stable government came through, the fund increased exposure to automobiles, auto ancillaries and cement, while reducing exposure to pharma and to a minor extent in software as well.
With a portfolio of over 50 stocks, the fund is well diversified, with diffused exposure across sectors. Invest in it for above-average returns over the long term, without having to take very high risks.
(This article was published on November 15, 2014)
Related

Reform process bound to face resistance: PMReform process bound to face resistance: PM
PTI
Tweet
Australia's Prime Minister Tony Abbott greets Prime Minister Narendra Modi in the Reading Room at Parliament House during the G20 Leaders' Summit in Brisbane in this November 15, 2014 handout. Leaders of the top 20 industrialised nations will gather in Brisbane November 15-16 for their annual G20 summit. Photo: Reuters
Brisbane, Nov 15:  
As he seeks to accelerate his economic reform drive, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today said reform process is bound to face resistance and wanted it to be insulated from political pressures.
Making a strong pitch for economic reforms, Modi told fellow G20 leaders at a Retreat here that reforms should lead to simplification of processes and that methods of governance must be reformed.
The retreat was hosted by Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott at the Queensland Parliament House where the leaders met without aides shortly before the annual summit of the 20 industrialised and major economies kicked off at the Brisbane Convention Centre in the afternoon.
A barbeque lunch was served to the G20 leaders.
“Reform is bound to face resistance...must be insulated from political pressures,” said Modi.
The Prime Minister also made it clear that reform has to be driven by the people and that it cannot be undertaken by “stealth“.
Asserting that reform must be people-centric and people-driven, he said globally reforms are handicapped with perception of being government programmes and a burden on the people and this needs to change.
Modi felt that reforms should lead to simplification of processes and that governance methods must be reformed.
Noting that reform is a continuous multi-stage process and that it must be institutionalised, the prime minister said it must be technology driven and must have scale and address root causes..
External Affairs Ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin told reporters yesterday that Prime Minister Abbott had specially requested Modi to outline his vision for reforms at the informal meeting of G20 leaders at the retreat in addition to his intervention at the main summit.
In his remarks at the retreat, Abbott said the G20 leaders bear heavy responsibility to achieve economic change.
“Nowhere on earth will there be a more influential gathering than this,” he told the group.
“The world is looking to all of us right now to try to demonstrate to an uncertain and at times anxious world there are people who know what they are doing, that there are people who have a plan... for growth and for jobs,” Abbott said.
However, Abbott acknowledged there were limitations in what could be achieved, and that there would be inevitable disagreements among the leaders.
He urged them to speak candidly and openly at the summit.
“The only rules, as far as I’m concerned, are if we can speak from our heart rather than from a script, that would be good,” he added.
(This article was published on November 15, 2014)
Related

Michelin plans development centre in IndiaHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Michelin plans development centre in India
R Srinivasan
Jean Dominique Sennard, CEO, Groupe Michelin
Chengdu, November 14:  
French tyre maker Groupe Michelin will soon set up a team in India to research and develop truck tyres for the Asia market, Groupe Michelin CEO Jean Dominique Sennard said here on Thursday. Michelin has a manufacturing presence in India with a plant in Tamil Nadu, which makes only truck tyres.
He was responding to a query on whether Michelin will respond to Prime Minister Narendra Modi's 'Make in India' initiative and convert Michelin into a global manufacturing hub for the mobility giant, one of only two tyremakers in the world manufacturing the entire range from bicycle to spacecraft tyres.
While manufacturing activity in India is unlikely to be scaled up to a global production centre anytime soon, Sennard said their India presence was “just beginning” and that Michelin hoped to grow its presence in India soon.
On the Make in India initiative, Sennard said that the revolution that the new government is planning is huge but it is possible.” He said that for Michelin to scale its work in India, “we need to have infrastructure in the country. If there is no environment in terms of infrastructure, it makes our work difficult.”
However, Sennard praised the technical skills available in India, and pointed out that the renowned Indian scientist Dr RA Mashelkar was one of the members of Michelin's Group Innovation Board. He indicated that India's talent pool was one of the reasons for locating the development team in India. The team is likely to be built up at Michelin's development centre in Gurgaon.
Michelin executives said that the focus will remain on truck tyres in India, where the tyremaker sees “huge” scope in converting the largely conventional-technology, cross-ply truck tyre market into a radial tyre market. Michelin invented the radial tyre in 1946 and remains one of the biggest players in the tyre industry, with an annual output of 171 million tyres and 2013 sales of over Euro 20 billion.
He was addressing the press at the Michelin Challenge Bibendum, a bi-annual meet of players in the automotive and mobility sectors, policy makers and researchers on the theme of sustainable mobility.
(The writer is in China on an invitation from Groupe Michelin.)
(This article was published on November 14, 2014)
Related

No tsunami threat to India in the wake of Indonesia quake‘No tsunami threat to India in the wake of Indonesia quake’
Y. MALLIKARJUN
Tweet
Hyderabad, Nov 15:  
There is no tsunami threat to India or Indian Ocean in the wake of the 7.1 magnitude earthquake that rocked Indonesia on Saturday morning, Indian Early Tsunami Warning Centre here has said.
Within six minutes of the occurrence of the earthquake at 8.01 a.m. under Molucca Sea near Halmahera in Indonesia, the Indian Early Tsunami Warning Centre issued a bulletin to the Ministry of Home affairs and various disaster management agencies in the country stating that there was no threat to the Indian Ocean region or Indian coast.
The Indian Early Tsunami Centre also issued similar bulletin to 25 Indian Ocean rim countries in its capacity as regional service provider for tsunami warning.
According to In-Charge of the Centre, K. Srinivas Kumar, only minor tsunamis were triggered locally in the aftermath of the earthquake in Indonesia and there was no threat to the Indian Ocean.
(This news report first appeared in The Hindu online edition)
(This article was published on November 15, 2014)
Related

Repatriation of black money kept abroad is a priority: ModiRepatriation of black money kept abroad is a priority: Modi
PTI
Tweet
Brisbane, Nov 15:  
Prime Minister Narendra Modi today unequivocally said that repatriation of black money kept abroad is a “priority” for his government, as he sought close global coordination to achieve this objective.
Raising the black money issue at an informal meeting of leaders of the five-nation BRICS bloc, Modi set the tone on this key issue ahead of the G20 summit in the wake of his commitment to bring back every penny of black money stashed abroad.
“Repatriation of black money kept abroad is a key priority for us,” Modi told the BRICS leaders.
Security challenges
Calling for close coordination on the issue of black money kept abroad, Modi also said this unaccounted money is also linked to security challenges.
As India makes attempts to retrieve the black money, the Prime Minister has already made it clear that close cooperation to retrieve the black money from abroad is a key issue for him.
Crackdown on tax avoidance
The G20 host Australia had yesterday vowed a “very aggressive” crackdown on tax avoidance. India is also seeking strong action by the Group of 20 industrialised and emerging economies against tax havens.
“A key issue for me would be to highlight the importance of international cooperation against black money,” Modi had said, as he is set to renew the country’s commitment at the G20 summit to a global response to deal with cross border tax avoidance and evasion.
Info on black money
India is also expected to urge the G20 to pressure tax havens into revealing more information on black money from India to help retrieve this illegal money.
Besides Modi, Chinese President Xi Jinping, Russian President Vladimir Putin, South African President Jacob Zuma and Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff, were the other leaders who took part in the informal interaction.
(This article was published on November 15, 2014)
Related

Will become Modi supporter if he grants special status: Jitan Ram ManjhiBig surprise: Congress-backed National Students' Union of India sweeps Rajasthan University polls
Bihar Chief Minister Jitan Ram Manjhi today said he was ready to become the support of Prime Minister Narendra Modi if he granted special category status to the state and fulfilled other long pending demands.
“If you fulfill your commitment to provide special category status to Bihar and other long pending demands like reimbursing Rs 1,000 crore spent by the state from its limited resources to repair national highways, I will become your supporter,” Manjhi said in his speech while inauguration of the fourth unit NTPC Barh Super Thermal Power Plant.
Addressing a public function after the commercial launch of the unit, he took potshots at the NDA government at the Centre saying “Going by loud assertions of its ministers, it seems all the problems of Bihar have been solved.”
“In place of high decibel claims the state needs concrete steps to solve Bihar’s problems on the ground,” he said.
He referred to the seven ministers of the union government hailing from Bihar as “sat bhaiya’ (seven brothers) and urged them to ensure that the dues of the state were fullfilled.
Protesting against the ignoring of his predecessor and senior JD(U) leader Nitish Kumar by the organisers of the function, he said “There should not have been politics in it.”
Earlier, Manjhi accompanied Union Minister of State for Power Piyush Goyal to Muzaffarpur to inaugurate the commercial operation of 110 MW unit II of Muzaffarpur Thermal power station (Stage I).
TAGS: Bihar Jitan Ram Manjhi Narendra Modi Nitish Kumar
More from miscellaneous

Rat poison chemical found in pills linked to India sterilisation deathsFIPB role shrinks amid easier FDI flows
Tablets linked to the deaths of over 12 women who visited a sterilisation camp in India are likely to have contained a chemical compound commonly used in rat poison, two senior officials in Chhattisgarh state said on Saturday.
Preliminary tests of the antibiotic ciprocin tablets were found to contain zinc phosphide, Siddhartha Pardeshi, the chief administrator for the Bilaspur district, told Reuters.
The antibiotics were handed out at the mass sterilisation held a week ago in the impoverished state. At least 15 women have died, most of whom had attended the camp.
Authorities tested the tablets after being informed that zinc phosphide was found at the nearby factory of Mahawar Pharmaceuticals, the firm at the centre of investigations into the deaths at a government-run family planning camp, Pardeshi and Chhattisgarh health minister Amar Agarwal said.
Samples of the drugs have now been sent to laboratories in Delhi and Kolkata to verify that the tablets were contaminated as the preliminary report suggested, Pardeshi said.
“But, this is what we anticipate,” he said. “Symptoms shown by the patients also conform with zinc phosphide (poisoning).”
Mahawar, run from an upscale residential street in state capital Raipur, had been barred from manufacturing medicines for 90 days back in 2012 after it was found in to have produced sub-standard drugs, but it did not lose its licence.
An investigation is now under way into why the drugs were bought locally when there was enough stock of the medicine with the state’s central procurement agency, Agarwal said.
“There was no incentive to procure locally so we need to investigate why it was done. This means something is wrong,” he said.
More possible victims arrived at hospitals from villages on Thursday and Friday, some clutching medicine strips from Mahawar and complaining of vomiting, dizziness and swelling, a doctor at the district’s main public hospital said on Friday.
The new patients had not attended the sterilisation camps, but had consumed the drugs separately, the doctor and another official said.
The state government said it had seized 200,000 tablets of Ciprocin 500 and over 4 million other tablets manufactured by Mahawar.
Police have arrested Ramesh Mahawar, the firm’s managing director, and his son. Mahawar has said both are innocent.
India is the world’s top steriliser of women, and efforts to rein in population growth have been described as the most draconian after China. Indian birth rates fell in recent decades, but population growth remains among the world’s fastest.
Sterilisation is popular because it is cheap and effective, and sidesteps cultural resistance to and problems with distribution of other types of contraception in rural areas.
TAGS: Chhattisgarh
More from economy
Stalled infrastructure projects set for a big push Sebi is considering changing rules to allow Indian banks to convert a larger portion of their loans into equity at less than...

India downplays China training Pak Army on borderBig surprise: Congress-backed National Students' Union of India sweeps Rajasthan University polls
Government today downplayed reports that Chinese troops were training Pakistan Army personnel right across the India-Pakistan border in Jammu and Kashmir.
External Affairs Ministry Spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin when asked to comment on reports in this regard, said the National Security Advisor Ajit Doval is here as part of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s delegation and that he would be seized of the matter.
The Spokesperson also said there was no mention of the reported training by the Chinese troops when Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping met informally during a BRICS meeting here today ahead of the G20 summit.
The Chinese troops, according to a report submitted by the BSF intelligence wing, have been seen training Pakistani armymen in “weapon handling” techniques bang opposite Rajouri sector of the international border.
TAGS: China Narendra Modi Pakistan
More from miscellaneous

Congress warns BJP: Provide jobs or else...Big surprise: Congress-backed National Students' Union of India sweeps Rajasthan University polls
Rajasthan Congress chief Sachin Pilot attacked the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) government of not keeping its word, including providing employment to youth, saying people do not spare those who fail to deliver on their promises.
This has been proved following the result of the recent Assembly by-polls held in the state, he said.
Addressing a gathering of party workers here, Pilot yesterday said “BJP had made slew of promises before coming to power. One of them was providing employment to 15 lakh youth, but 11 months have passed since the government has formed and not single person has been employed.”
He also alleged that BJP government was bent upon ending the welfare schemes initiated by the erstwhile Ashok Gehlot government.
“People are aware of the fact that due to such welfare schemes, how many people were getting free medicines, how many patients were being treated free of cost,” Pilot said.
At another workers’ meet at Sikar, Pilot accused BJP of dividing the society and said “BJP neither has a leader nor a policy.”
He also accused the BJP government of changing the process of electing heads of the municipal councils, saying the party does not have true integrity.
He appealed the workers to remain united and ensure the party’s victory in the municipal polls.
TAGS: Bharatiya Janata Party BJP News Congress Sachin Pilot
More from miscellaneous

DLF plans to launch REITs next fiscalInfosys founders, including Narayana Murthy, Nandan Nilekani, seeking $1.1 bn via stake sale: Source
India’s largest realty company DLF today said it plans to launch the Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs) next fiscal to monetise its commercial assets and is in talks with global players for partnership.
In an analyst presentation, DLF said it is targeting to “create one or more sizeable REIT platform next year – one for office and the other for retail– to recycle capital for further growth and spin off the RentCo (its rental business arm) attributable debt”.
The company has strong a portfolio of office and retail properties from which it at present earns about Rs 2,100 crore annually as rental income.
DLF seeks to create long-term free cash flows in the form of dividend flows as holders of REIT units and fees from the management of the trust.
Later in the conference call with analysts, DLF said that it did not want to “speculate” whether its REITs plan would be affected by the market regulator SEBI order barring company and six others for accessing the capital markets for 3 years.
DLF, however, said that REITs would be launched at a subsidiary level.
“We are in a dialogue with number of global players for strategic and financial partnership for REITs,” DLF Executive Director (Finance) Saurabh Chawla told analysts.
Stating that the REIT platforms is likely to launched in early part of 2015-16 fiscal, he said REITs could be a “game changer” as the business trust would the company in unlocking value of commercial assets, besides aiding spin-off of debt and creating long-term free cash flows in dividend form.
When asked whether the SEBI order would be applicable on REITs, DLF Chief Financial Officer (CFO) Ashok Tyagi said: “We would not like to speculate on that”.
Chawla said REITs would anyway “happen in the subsidiary”, but he expected clarity from Securities Appellate Tribunal (SAT) on SEBI order by the time company come up with REITs.
The objective of launching REIT would be to maximise the assets’ present value and capture the immense potential of growth that a growing Indian economy has to offer, DLF said.
In September, market regulator Sebi had notified norms for listing of business trust structures, REITs and InvITs ( Infrastructure Investment Trust), that would help attract more funds in a transparent manner into realty and infrastructure sectors. These trusts would get tax incentives.
As growth cycle in office and retail segments of RentCo business improves, DLF said, it is reviewing all options so that the company not only maintains its leadership position but also harnesses the growth that the market shall offer.
“To achieve the above, the company is exploring partnership with other global players, both strategic and financial partners, who may have an interest in participating with DLF in this foray. This could include encashing company’s part investment in RentCo business,” the presentation said.
Tyagi clarified that another proceeding by Sebi against the company is not a new case but is related to the same case where the regulator had passed the order barring DLF from accessing the capital market.
“This is not a new case. It is the same case,” he said.
Yesterday, DLF said SEBI had “issued a (SCN) show-cause notice dated August 28, 2013 under Sections 15HA and 15HB of the SEBI Act, 1992 and under Rule 4 of the SEBI (procedure for Holding Inquiry and Imposing Penalties by Adjudicating Officer) Rules, 1995, hearing on which has been completed and the company has filed its written synopsis/submissions”.
“The order from SEBI on the said notice is awaited,” it had added.
Asked about the conversion of Compulsorily Convertible Preference Shares (CCPS) held by its promoters as the deadline for same is March 2015, DLF CFO Tyagi said: “There is still 4 months time. Let’s see”.
Chawla said that these CCPS can be converted into equity. Post conversion of CCPS into equity shares, DLF promoters will have 40 per cent economic interest in DLF’s commercial arm DLF Cyber City Developers Ltd.
In late 2009, DLF had announced merger of its subsidiary DLF Cyber City Developers with promoters firm Caraf Builders & Constructions, the holding company of DLF Assets Pvt Ltd.
It had also said that post merger, DLF would have 60 per cent stake in DLF Cyber City and the residual 40 per cent economic interest would be held by the shareholders of Caraf.
DLF Cyber City Developers had then issued CCPS worth Rs 1,597 crore to the promoters.
Meanwhile, DLF expects to achieve sales booking guidance of Rs 3,500-4,000 crore for this fiscal on the back of three new launches of projects in Delhi and Gurgaon markets.
However, the company said it would be difficult to meet targets in volume terms.
Tyagi also told analysts that the company would continue with strategy to divest non-core land parcels in Hyderabad, Goa and also few in north India. It would also look to raise funds through private equity at project level.
TAGS: Dlf Sebi
More from companies

Indian Hotels Q2 net loss narrows to Rs 97.69 crInfosys founders, including Narayana Murthy, Nandan Nilekani, seeking $1.1 bn via stake sale: Source
Tata group hospitality major Indian Hotels Company today reported a narrowing of its consolidated net loss to Rs 97.69 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2014.
The company had posted a net loss of Rs 433.48 crore for the corresponding quarter of the previous fiscal, Indian Hotels Company said in a filing to BSE.
Consolidated total income from operations grew to Rs 937 crore for the quarter under consideration as against Rs 895.92 crore for the same period a year ago.
“In view of the seasonality of the sector the financial results for the quarter ended and half year ended September 30, 2014 are not indicative of the full year’s expected performance,” Indian Hotels said.
In September quarter of FY’14, Indian Hotels Company had provided for an exceptional charge of Rs 368.27 crore, saying that this was after a review of its the then current carrying value of its investment in Orient Express Hotels Ltd and had considered it prudent to recognise further diminution in the value by Rs 365 crore, among others.
The Indian Hotels Company Ltd and its subsidiaries are collectively known as Taj Hotels Resorts and Palaces. The hospitality chain comprises 108 hotels in 63 locations across India with an additional 17 international hotels in the Maldives, Malaysia, Australia, UK, USA, Bhutan, Sri Lanka, Africa and the Middle East.
Shares of Indian Hotels Company Ltd (IHCL) today closed at Rs 106.55 per scrip on BSE, up 0.71 per cent from it’s previous close.
More from companies

Delhi assembly election: AAP woos voters  promises 8 lakh jobs  20 new colleges  wi-fi connectivityGolf courses empty; bureaucrats have started working: Nadir Godrej
Kickstarting its sessions to connect with the masses and woo voters ahead of Delhi assembly election, the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) today launched a five-point programme for the youth, promising 8 lakh jobs, vocational training, setting up of 20 new colleges, sports facilities and having wi-fi connectivity across Delhi.
The party formally launched the Delhi Dialogue, an interactive initiative to connect with voters of different stratas of society, and spelt out its strategy for youth. The party will come up with a 50-point programme catering to different sections of the society.
Highlighting the issue of admission, faced by students especially after class XII, AAP’s National Convenor Arvind Kejriwal said the main cause of the the problem was lack of infrastructure in the education sector.
“No new college has been built since last 15-20 years, which is leading to this problem. Giving education to the these students will be government’s responsibility. We will double the number of existing seats and construct 20 new colleges for the youth.
“Many villages have also complained about lack of educational institutions. The government will build colleges in these villages to ensure that the students there get admission,” Kejriwal said at a function held at Jantar Mantar here.
He said if his party voted to power the new government will also ensure that students get loan for pursuing their education.
“The government will also be a guarantor to these students so that they don’t have to mortage their property and valuables to get education,” he said.
The AAP chief also tried to woo the youth by making Delhi a wi-fi city.
“We are working on the details to have wi-fi across Delhi,” he said.
The former Chief Minister said efforts would be made to fill over 50,000 vacancies of doctors, teachers, nurses and other professionals in the Delhi government.
“The colleges the government would build will be designed in a way that students won’t have to look for jobs. It will have incubation centres.
After passing out, the student can be given a facility to carry out his venture and we will also help to get loan through banks.
“We will create the Delhi Skill Mission, which will help generate 8 lak jobs in Delh,” he said.
Kejriwal said his government will not “snatch” the employment of youth, but work towards it. He said lack of infrastructure and wrong policies were leading to business moving out of the National Capital.
“Few years back, Delhi had some 29 industrial areas, but today it has come down to 7-8 because of lack of power, road and water. We will ensure that these industrial areas have upgraded infrastructure so that industries can again come back. We will also reduce VAT,” he said.
Kejriwal said his government will focus on skill development of youth and train them in new areas.
Emphasising the role of sports, he said the government will not only create and upgrade the sports infrastructure, but also adopt the best talents and promote them. He said the government was ready to develop sports infrastructure in far-flung villages of Delhi if they offered land.
“There are some 1800 MCD, 1200 Delhi and some 1000 private schools which have grounds, but are closed after working hours. We will open all of them.
“The government will adopt sports talent and promote them so that they can compete at the national and international level. We will also get rid of politicians and bureaucrats from all the sports bodies, which will be managed by sports experts,” he said.
Expressing concern about the growing drug menace in the country, Kejriwal said his party will ensure that the national capital does not become a second Punjab.
“The party has decided to provide mobile governance to people following which Delhiites can connect to government through their smartphones. People can also see government’s work and even discuss their problems with government on their phone due to which city can be made corruption-free,” AAP leader Ashish Khetan, who is heading the Delhi Dialogue team, said.
Khetan also said that there are several heritage sites in the national capital, but tourists, including foreign tourists, go to other countries.
“We have also plans to make Delhi a tourist hub after coming to power,” he said.
Another senior party leader Yogendra Yadav also said, “AAP has initiated new rules of politics in Delhi. We have sought suggestions of people to make blueprint of our election manifesto.I would also like to know from BJP and Congress to adopt such pattern and campared their manifestos to ours which one is good.”
Yadav also said that party will focus on different issues like women security, employment, education, health and among others. The next round of Delhi dialogue would be on November 26, the foundation day of the party.
TAGS: Aam Aadmi Party Arvind Kejriwal Delhi Election
More from industry

Microsoft becomes 2nd most valuable co behind AppleInfosys founders, including Narayana Murthy, Nandan Nilekani, seeking $1.1 bn via stake sale: Source
The bull run in Microsoft’s stock this past year has helped the tech giant surpass Exxon Mobil and seize the rank of the second most valuable company, behind Apple Inc.
Under new CEO Satya Nadella, Microsoft has worked to overcome its reputation as a clumsy behemoth struggling to keep up with new tech trends and consumer habits. Nadella has cut expenses – and jobs – while pledging to refocus the company on mobile technology and cloud computing. His efforts have fueled a stock surge that drove Microsoft’s total market value above $410 billion on Friday. That leapfrogged Exxon’s value of $404 billion, which has been dinged by the drop in oil prices.
”Microsoft has made a strategic change,” said Daniel Ives, a tech analyst at FBR Capital Markets. He said Nadella still faces challenges with a company that’s heavily reliant on the declining personal computer market. But compared with other longtime tech stalwarts, such as IBM, Hewlett-Packard and Oracle, ”Microsoft has done the best job of trying to skate where the puck is going,” Ives said.
Apple Inc  is currently the world’s most valuable company, with a market capitalization of more than $668 billion. That’s more than the $616 billion that Microsoft was worth when it was No. 1 in December 1999. Microsoft shares fell sharply the next year.
But the Redmond, Washington company has earned greater cachet on Wall Street over the last 18 months. Its stock has risen nearly 70 percent since April 2013, when activist investment firm ValueAct Capital announced it had taken a $2 billion stake in the company and would scrutinize its strategy. Within a few months, longtime CEO Steve Ballmer announced plans to retire. The move was described as unrelated.
Since then, Nadella has announced new initiatives to expand in cloud computing, which promises to be more lucrative than the traditional model of selling software that is installed on clients’ computers. Microsoft has also promised a redesign of its flagship Windows operating system and released versions of other popular software for smartphones and tablets, including devices made by competitor Apple.
Microsoft shares have outperformed the tech-heavy NASDAQ Composite Index, which gained about 45 percent in the same 18-month period. The stock hit $50.04 on Friday, its highest point since early 2000, before slipping to the $49.50 range in afternoon trading.
TAGS: Apple Inc Microsoft Corp
More from companies

Audacious landing is better than Hollywood© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/85258076-6be9-11e4-b1e6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The man who made data play ballThe man who made data play ball
Simon Kuper
‘Bill James is arguably the father of today’s analytics revolution ... He has rethought the world using numbers‘
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cd107912-6abe-11e4-a038-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Politics: can sensible be sexy© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/99354226-6abe-11e4-a038-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Case for C-suite marriage counselling© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/faa9e47a-6b28-11e4-be68-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Oil is an important marker on growthOil is an important marker on growth
Michael Mackenzie in New York
Equities not yet reflecting weaker demand displayed by oil prices
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5937285c-6b6c-11e4-9337-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Wine: the best way to age gracefully© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/95574f50-68d9-11e4-9eeb-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Chinas lesson for Putin in how to do diplomacyChina’s lesson for Putin in how to do diplomacy
Beijing’s constructive approach contrasts with Russian provocation
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/61e97622-6bf7-11e4-b1e6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Baker Hughes rejects Halliburton approachNovember 15, 2014 5:43 pm
Baker Hughes rejects Halliburton takeover approach
Ed Crooks in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8b8526aa-6ce9-11e4-ad7c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Obama reaffirms US commitment to AsiaUS, Japan and Australia to deepen alliance
Jamie Smyth in Brisbane and agencies
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3a34e028-6cb3-11e4-b125-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Philae sends back comet data before going into hibernationPhilae sends back comet data before going into hibernation
David Firn, Clive Cookson and agencies
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d393370c-6cda-11e4-ad7c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hollywood good but Rosetta better© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/85258076-6be9-11e4-b1e6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Juncker vows to broaden EU capital markets© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/969d7118-0c14-11e4-a096-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Leila Jeffreys photographs of wild cockatoosNovember 14, 2014 4:06 pm
Leila Jeffreys’ photographs of wild cockatoos
A new exhibition in London celebrates some very colourful characters
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0234e738-69f5-11e4-9f65-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Atul Gawande: what it means to be mortalAtul Gawande, Reith lecturer
Alice Fishburn
The surgeon and writer is famous for finding medical solutions. Now he faces one of the biggest questions of all – what makes a good death?
©Maja Daniels
Atul Gawande photographed by Maja Daniels at the BBC
Ignorance is not the first word that comes to mind when meeting someone who manages to function as surgeon, bestselling author, Harvard professor and this year’s BBC Reith lecturer simultaneously. But the limits of human ability form the backbone of Atul Gawande’s work.
Take what he suggests we should teach the doctors of the future on their first day of class. One: they are never going to know everything. “The knowledge that exists to help people exceeds what you’re going to be able to hold in your head,” he says. Two: they are never going to be able to fix everything. “You’re going to see people who are becoming frail and are only getting frailer; you’re going to see people with terminal illness and have to be able to manage death.” He stops and laughs. “It’s a big, long day, isn’t it?”
More
Air-conditioning that’s cheap. Cool!
Gawande, 49, is a fixer, a fervent believer in systems and results. As precise in his language as you might expect from someone who wields a scalpel for a living, his work The science interview: Atul Gawande, Reith lecturer whether in the operating theatre or on the page – is about finding answers. “Most of the time I’m just trying to write to figure out something that’s confusing or bothering me,” he says. Each point he makes arrives neatly backed up by statistics and studies. This is a man who has written an entire book championing the life-saving merits of a checklist. So it’s slightly surprising that, in his latest work, Gawande grapples with something that has no obvious solution: death.
Being Mortal deals with end-of-life care: the dilemmas of nursing homes, final treatment options and when doctor or patient should declare that enough is enough. Our end may be unfixable but Gawande firmly believes that the way we get there is not. As the baby boomers come of age, a generation that thought it might live for ever is having to face the question of how they want their final decades to take shape. For many, this means avoiding an institutionalised end as much as possible. “In a war that you cannot win, you don’t want a general who fights to the point of total annihilation,” Gawande writes. “You want . . . someone who knew how to fight for territory when he could and how to surrender it when he couldn’t.”
What Gawande wants the medical professionals of the future to take on board is the idea that wellbeing means more than survival. Each of us has different priorities that make our lives worth living. “Since [doctors] have the capacity to keep trying not just to relieve pain but . . . keep you on machines and extend life, we lose sight of what people might want to be alive for,” he says. For Gawande, as long as his brain is still working, he’s happy to be kept going. In one of the stories he relates, an elderly man only wants to stay alive if he is able to continue eating chocolate ice cream and watching football.
Gawande’s own father, also a doctor, was diagnosed with a slow-growing mass in his spinal cord just as his son started doing research for what would become Being Mortal, and his decline became an essential part of the book. “It became clearer and clearer that this was going to limit his life,” says Gawande. For him, medical intervention was worth it if it meant that he could continue to interact with people and be in charge of his world. With this in mind he chose to undergo what was, for a time, successful surgery. But, as Gawande writes, “the choices don’t stop.” His father did not live to see Being Mortal published but died “never having to sacrifice his loyalties or who he was”. The importance­ of this opportunity for everyone echoes throughout the book.
. . .
Medicine was not always the obvious­ path for Gawande. He studied PPE as a Rhodes scholar at Oxford and worked for Bill Clinton’s campaign­ before deciding to finish medical school. Along the way he found he had a habit of making friends with writers, including Malcolm Gladwell and Jacob Weisberg, former editor of online magazine Slate. Perhaps inevitably, he began to write too. “I feared people saying, ‘Who do you think you are to even be writing about these subjects?’” he says. “I was always careful to write about things from the perspective of – all I’m trying to learn is how do I get good at what I do . . . Although I’ve feared the backlash, it really didn’t come.”
Instead he enjoyed it. “My editors would be just as blunt as my surgical professors,” he says. “I had 30 columns writing for Slate and it was like doing 30 gallbladders in a row.” He read Oliver Sacks, Abraham Verghese and other doctors-turned-writers voraciously. “They feel to me like they opened a door towards the idea that I could treat medicine as a subject in this way.” Outside his own sphere, the surgeon favours authors such as Tolstoy and Hemingway, who “manage to be both very economical in their writing but also manage to capture large swathes of experience along the way”.
I recognise the wisdom that older surgeons have when they say, ‘I’m not doing any good here’
Gawande’s own work is a frontline bulletin calling for new tactics. Sixty years ago, most humans would have died at home. Today, the “world has medicalised the experience of mortality” and the majority end up in institutions. In the final phase of our lives, doctors – and their patients – will experiment with one thing after another, trying to extend the quantity of life with little thought as to the quality. “The wisest surgeons I know are the ones who've been in practice for a while,” says Gawande. “Certainly my younger surgeon self was sure I could get myself out of certain situations. As I have now reached my middle-age surgeon self, I think I recognise the wisdom that older surgeons have . . . when they simply say, ‘I’m not doing any good here.’”
When all of us were at risk of dying in infancy or childbirth, things were different: “[Humans] recognised that there were ideals in life besides just living longer,” Gawande says. Now, “we can spend 70 years of our life basically not having to worry about our mortality.” Some of the more efficient among us will work through an end-of-life checklist: making wills and funeral arrangements. In his own work, Gawande is trialling a similar approach for doctors. They talk through questions that deal with the patient’s fears and goals, what outcomes are unacceptable to them and what trade-offs they might be willing – or not willing – to make as their end nears. At what point do they say “enough”? The key is trying to make such a conversation routine, almost part of the paperwork. “The act of answering these kinds of questions as a patient is very powerful,” says Gawande. “People don’t come to grips with their anxieties because they hear a lot of facts. They come to grips with them because they get to voice what they think and what they want to do in their own words.”
The advantages could be many. Not only does hospice care save money and reduce suffering, studies show it can also extend lives. The problem is that geriatrics and palliative care are often not sexy – or well-paid – branches of medicine. As a result, they lack recruits. “You become a surgeon because you want to be the hero, you want to have a nicely clean, fixable problem,” says Gawande. But those who specialise in end-of-life care deal with messiness. There is a memorable scene in Being Mortal where a geriatrician examines a woman’s feet for calluses, sores and unclipped toenails. These could determine whether she falls or not – and whether she falls or not may determine how long she survives. Forty per cent of the 350,000 Americans who fall and break a hip each year will end up in a nursing home.
. . .
Gawande believes that medicine has much to learn from other professions when it comes to systems and solutions. The airline and construction industries routinely use checklists to ensure that planes stay up and buildings don’t collapse. “Discipline makes daring possible,” says Gawande in an upcoming Reith Lecture: an idea that his 2009 book, The Checklist Manifesto, elaborates on. He worked with the World Health Organisation on the safe surgery list, which cut patient deaths by 47 per cent in a trial and can now be found in hospitals across the world. Gawande routinely uses it in his own operating theatre, where it flags issues from medication allergies to forgetting to pad someone’s bad back. “I’d say on a weekly basis we’re catching something . . . and maybe once every month or two it’s something really substantial.”
©Erik Jacobs/eyevine
Operating at Brigham and Women’s Hospital, Boston
His team has also extended the idea to cover crisis situations – from fires in operating theatres to the risk of spreading Ebola. “We increasingly treat Ebola like it’s a special case but the truth is we have 4 million people who pick up infections in US and European hospitals every year,” he says. “The fact that . . . nurses and doctors don’t know how to put on a gown and gloves and then take them off without contaminating themselves or others – these are basic things.” Gawande’s team has advised the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. “Part of it was just helping them recognise how to simplify it so that any triage nurse, transport worker, anybody who comes into contact with people who might even be suspected of Ebola, can know what the key steps are.”
Still, even such an extensive knowledge of checklists hasn’t quite done the trick when it comes to Gawande’s own time management. “I have not figured out how to balance it. It’s not ideal,” he says. “The writing ends up being nights, weekends. I squeeze it into the schedule here and there.” Being Mortal was finished while he and his wife were on a 20th anniversary trip to Italy.
The results of all this hard work have drawn the attention of the public and presidents alike – Barack Obama reportedly recommended a New Yorker piece on the costs of American healthcare to senators. And – given the problems affecting health systems across the world – there are many more articles still to write.
“I’m drawn to often very simple ideas . . . the checklist, conversations at the end of life, the nature of the cost of healthcare,” Gawande says. “And I feel like the more simple the question… the more the attention and reaction often has been.” The surgeons of the future will have some 6,000 medicines and 4,000 procedures to choose from. But sometimes they only need one solution.
Atul Gawande’s BBC Reith Lectures start on Radio 4 on Tuesday November 25 at 9am, and will also be available to listen to on BBC World Service and online.
‘Being Mortal’ is published by Profile Books and Wellcome Collection, £15.99.
Photographs: Maja Daniels; Erik Jacobs/Eyevine
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2014. You may share using our article tools.
Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web.

YouTube: taking a bite out of TVIs YouTube the new television?
Jonathan Ford
Why the video website is rewriting the rules of broadcasting
YouTube screen grabs
There are few certainties in modern broadcasting but Dominic Smales is “100 per cent sure” that he knows one of them: the small-screen stars of the future will be minted on social media. “In a few years it will seem totally outmoded to have a commissioning editor deciding what goes on our television screens and then forcing performers in front of an audience,” he says fervently.
We are talking in a small office in London’s tech district of Shoreditch, out of which Smales, 41, runs Gleam Futures, one of Britain’s first “social talent” agencies, and from where he is determined to shake up the staid world of traditional media.
More
Air-conditioning that’s cheap. Cool!
Listening to his strictures about the limitations of scheduled telly it is easy to forget that Smales didn’t start out as a digital revolutionary. A former radio producer, he set up Gleam four years ago with a much simpler objective. His plan was to advise big brands on how to project themselves on social media websites such as Facebook and YouTube.
Pretty quickly, however, he discovered that the real action on the Google-owned video website lay not in slick films produced by wealthy companies. “The videos discussing brands that got the most traction were the ones where the brands themselves weren’t involved,” he explains. Rather, it lay in the artless visual offerings of a new class of young and enthusiastic online presenters known as “vloggers”.
The epiphany came when Smales encountered Sam and Nic Chapman, two sisters from Norwich known collectively as “Pixiwoo”, who had started giving online make-up tutorials.
They had stumbled across YouTube after a client asked them to explain how to do a “smoky eye” – a fiendishly fiddly make-up application that remains the platform’s most frequently demanded beauty tutorial. The pair realised that it was easier to film it than explain it.
©Jean Jullien
“I was amazed at the power of what they were doing,” recalls Smales. “They were posting videos of themselves and being in the top five or 10 in the world almost straightaway, among the ones of crashing Ferraris and dogs on skateboards.” And, significantly, no one was directing their output. “They were the editor-in-chief, the commissioner, the broadcaster, the crew; they were everything to it.” Yet they were also attracting audiences, supporting their offline business and – over time – making money out of YouTube directly. This, Smales concluded, was the future of broadcasting.
. . .
Smales ran with his insight and now directs a growing roster that includes some of Britain’s biggest YouTube stars. Backed by a team of 12 “talent managers”, who busy themselves at a long table that runs down the centre of Gleam’s office, he has become a sort of Svengali figure to such YouTubers as the beauty vlogger Zoella and the video diarists Alfie Deyes and Marcus Butler.
Vlogging is a close-knit business and there is a strong family flavour to the list. So alongside the Chapman sisters (1.7 million subscribers), he manages Tanya Burr – Sam and Nic’s one-time assistant, who has 2.6 million subscribers to her beauty channel – as well as their brother (and Tanya’s fiancé) Jim, who vlogs on men’s fashion and lifestyle issues, and another brother, John, of the fitness channel “The LeanMachines”.
More video
Such ties help each YouTuber to bootstrap up others by appearing on their channels and cross-promoting offerings, Smales explains.
It has been quite a year for his young business. A number of his charges have broken through and now attract the sort of fame and attention normally accorded to the likes of the boy band One Direction or celebrities such as the model Cara Delevingne . Covering everything from fashion to pranks and relationship advice, their short films regularly garner millions of hits.
©Finn Taylor
Dominic Smales in his office, with cut-outs of Jim Chapman, Tanya Burr and Alfie Deyes
Gleam guides these relative ingénues as they navigate the world of corporate deals and sponsorships. With more than 6.5 million subscribers on YouTube, a star like Zoella is a dream advocate for many of the fashion and beauty brands she talks about in her films.
The mentoring Smales offers is loose, he insists. “We’re not puppetmasters. We give them the best advice we can but they make their own decisions.” He is keen also to scotch any suggestion that the company might be after a quick buck. “We’re not in the business of having one-hit wonders or trying to monetise them aggressively over the next two years,” he says. “ I feel an almost paternal, personal responsibility to make sure they have a really great long career because that’s what we are in for.”
But some of his charges are already flourishing financially. Thanks to advertising on her short films and some astute offline deals – she’s a brand ambassador for Unilever – Zoella earned about £300,000 last year according to her inaugural set of accounts at Companies House.
. . .
The breakout success of some YouTubers hasn’t just added to Smales’ bank balance and sense of vindication. It is also sending a frisson through the media industry. These stars may represent just a fraction of the programming uploaded to YouTube – music videos still account for more than half the six billion hours of content watched on the social media platform every month. But commercially they are disproportionately important.
Their videos were top in the world almost straightaway, among the ones of crashing Ferraris and dogs on skateboards
They have certainly caught the attention of the marketing industry. Advertisers have spotted the ability of YouTube stars not only to drive audiences but also to shift products. When YouTubers recommend something, their followers listen – and often act.
The offline deals YouTubers have struck bear witness to this uncanny power. Pixiwoo, for instance, have launched a hugely successful make-up brush brand in Britain that is also growing fast in the US. And when Zoella decided that writing was a “passion of mine”, Penguin promptly paid her £50,000 for a two-book deal.
Will Awdry, an advertising director lately at Ogilvy, calls vloggers “crowdsourced people’s champions”. In their mouths, he says, even marketing messages seem to become something akin to honest personal recommendations: “It’s as though the audience has taken a TripAdvisor advocate and willed them into a celebrity.”
Most of their fans inhabit a chunk of the audience demographic that is known as the “lost generation” – those in their teens and twenties who neither consume conventional media nor watch much TV. In the UK viewing among so-called millennials has dropped sharply. Since 2010, the amount of television watched by those aged 16-34 has fallen 15 per cent.
It’s no surprise then that online games makers, clothing brands and others seeking to tap into pop culture are keen to exploit the power of these YouTubers on social media. Companies such as Pepsi now advertise more on digital platforms (mainly YouTube and Facebook) than they do on conventional media.
©Finn Taylor
Pixiwoo (Beauty). 1.7m subscribers
The biggest hump to get over for most companies is to trust some unscripted vlogger with their brand. But many are now passing editorial control to the YouTube stars they work with.
“We hand the reins over willingly,” says Sebastian Micozzi, head of marketing at Pepsi UK. “We ask them: ‘What is the story you are trying to tell?’”
. . .
There’s a little more wariness among TV bosses, especially those who cater to younger audiences. For instance, the UK commercial broadcaster Channel 4 recently pulled almost all of its content off YouTube.
But media owners are starting to investigate what works on the platform. Last year the celebrity chef Jamie Oliver, who has a valuable mainstream TV franchise, established a foothold on YouTube called Food Tube. He now has 20 chefs doing shows on the platform, teaching everything from Thai food to how to cook on a tight budget. Food Tube has already garnered 1.1 million subscribers and three of the chefs now have books out. “Fans engage with YouTube in ways that just aren’t possible on TV,” Oliver says.
“The appeal for us is partly that it’s a largely complementary audience,” says Richard Herd, who is in charge of networks at Food Tube, Oliver’s online venture. “It’s a global platform. That means you reach 200 countries when you put out a video.” The data you get on YouTube, he adds, is “simply amazing compared to TV”.
The online version also reaches a different UK demographic. “The average watcher is a 30 to 40-year-old bloke looking for a quick fix,” says Herd. “They might watch a five-minute YouTube clip – they’re not going to plough through a 30-minute programme.”
©Finn Taylor
Tanya Burr (Beauty), 2.6m subscribers and Jim Chapman (Health and lifestyle), 1.9m subscribers
But the biggest advantage is that it allows Oliver to experiment with new formats. “Low production costs means we can put on chefs we wouldn’t normally be able to work with,” says Herd. “Niche areas like barbecues and cupcakes – these are pockets of audience we can only reach online.”
. . .
YouTube’s emergence as a commercial and creative playground is a sign of how much the platform has changed under Google’s ownership.
Originally an online venue for amusing but crudely shot home videos of domestic accidents and cats doing tricks, it has steadily morphed into something akin to a TV network.
Having devised technology to rid the platform of its deserved reputation for serial content infringement, Google set about finding ways to encourage “creators” to use it to produce more resonant and appealing content.
“Early on we realised this sort of on-demand video content had a pretty strong tailwind,” says Ben McOwen Wilson, director of content partnerships for YouTube in Europe. “Because of technology, more and more people around the world were going to be able to create content and if you had a platform that allowed people to find the stuff they wanted, you were going to be in the middle of something quite exciting.”
Google’s offer was simple: it would sell advertising on creators’ behalf, its take coming through a 45 per cent revenue share in return for hosting and publishing their videos.
©Finn Taylor
The LeanMachines (Health and fitness), 172,800 subscribers
This certainly stimulated the creative juices. Creators have flocked to the site and by last year 100 hours of content were being uploaded every minute, double the number in 2011.
YouTube is now investing to help creators make their output look more professional. Since 2012 it has opened production facilities in Los Angeles , London and Tokyo, and another is on the way in New York. These are available free to YouTubers who have 5,000-plus subscribers on their channels, although there are workshops for beginners. Hundreds use their sound stages, editing suites and screening rooms every month.
But the fruit of all this creative endeavour has yet to flow through to the bottom line. Numbers are hard to come by but the general view is that YouTube is roughly breaking even. While rising, its ad revenues are still a fraction of the $66bn research firm eMarketer estimates US television coined in 2013. Analysts expect them to be somewhere between $3bn and $5bn globally this year.
. . .
YouTube may account for an extraordinary 57 per cent of online viewing and 55 per cent of digital video advertising worldwide, but eking a living from all this activity is surprisingly difficult. The biggest problem is that the “pre-roll” advertising it sells – the short film that its AdSense software plonks before the main clip – is both skippable and unpopular with the mainly young audience.
Zoella (Beauty), 6.5m subscribers
“The model is based on these ads and, guess what, the kids don’t want to watch them,” says Peter Bazalgette, chairman of Arts Council England and someone with a foot in both camps as a board member of ITV, Britain’s largest commercial TV network, and a serial investor in digital media.
Rates are already low because of the difficulty of placing your ad next to a specific clip. “Companies don’t want to find their brand placed alongside tasteless user-generated content,” explains the media analyst Claire Enders.
But when nine out of every 10 viewers also skip the ad before a video, the proceeds can shrivel quite fast. Analysts calculate that even one million hits – a substantial number for a YouTube video – can produce less than £1,000 in ad revenue. And that’s before YouTube takes its 45 per cent bite.
. . .
The tiny number of celebrity vloggers may earn higher rates, but they do not live off their AdSense income alone. One of Gleam’s key roles is to develop relationships with companies that want to place their products directly on screen with the stars – and will pay for the privilege. Most of Smales’ charges have such relationships. Tanya Burr has worked with beauty brands such as Dove and VO5. In the case of the video diarist Marcus Butler, it is Office shoes and Topman clothing.
45%
The share in advertising revenue that Google takes in return for hosting and publishing videos made by its “creators”
Product placement is a sensitive issue as it threatens the all-important attribute of “authenticity”. It is never easy to be a consumers’ champion when, at the same time, companies are paying for your voice.
Smales sidesteps any suggestion of conflict by saying that his stars only work with brands they admire anyway. The numbers of placements are small (“less than 1 per cent of videos”), and viewers are advised about paid content in the description box below the film.
“Whatever amount of money was put on the table, the talent wouldn’t work with a brand they didn’t like because it’s not worth sacrificing your relationship with the audience,” he says. “This is something the audience clearly understands.”
Money isn’t the only question mark over YouTube. The platform is known mainly for its quirky short-form content. For instance, Smales’ charges spend a lot of their time on air playing silly games and chatting rather aimlessly about relationships. Some wonder whether this is really enough to hold audiences. Won’t they ultimately default back to more substantial fare?
Bazalgette says it is the wrong question. “It’s a bit like asking whether people will still eat peanuts and crisps if there’s a four-course meal available,” he says. “There’s a role for meals and there’s a role for snacking. And that’s effectively what YouTube is: snacking.” As mobile connectivity improves and more people have tablets and smartphones, he thinks the tendency to catch a five-minute clip while waiting or on the move will only go up.
©Finn Taylor
YouTubers get ready for their close-up
Perhaps predictably, Dominic Smales is much more convinced of YouTube’s staying power: “My idea is that swathes of this new audience will take this medium through to adulthood and beyond,” he says. “Someone who loves watching Jim Chapman on YouTube now won’t suddenly get to the ripe old age of 24 and say, ‘Right, do you know what, I am going to just crank up the old television and start watching ITV much more often.’ They’ll take their viewing habits with them and the talent will evolve their content production as they engage with the audience as they all grow older.”
. . .
The rise of online competition has made life harder for mainstream broadcasters. Able to download what they want, young audiences increasingly spurn TV schedules when looking for something to watch. This is the first “on-demand generation” says Bazalgette. “They want to watch whenever they choose to do so and on whatever device they prefer.”
YouTube, with its smart technology and cast of exciting young vloggers, has acted like a magnet for this millennial traffic. Its open-source approach has attracted creators making innovative content. However banal it may seem to watch Zoella picking through a “haul” of goodies from Primark, this is stuff that viewers want to watch.
57%
of online viewing is now carried out via YouTube
Whether those millennial viewers will automatically stay as they get older is another matter. Claire Enders does not share Smales’ view that they are lost to mainstream TV for good. “YouTube is like the new version of rock music or MTV; it’s become one of the places where the young go to indulge their dark side and rebel,” she says. “When millennials get to 25 and settle down, they will drift back to the sort of sophisticated narratives and stories that only mainstream TV provides.”
Not that these returnees will stop watching YouTube altogether. Rather, the audience is likely to become “bipolar”, craving both TV shows with mainstream appeal and also that cupcake-baking food show online. In this new world, each platform will have to slug it out.
Broadcasters need to take on board some of the characteristics that have made the online platform popular, accommodating the shift away from schedules towards on-demand. “We need to do more short-form content and find ways to engage with our audiences better online,” says Jonathan Allan, head of sales at Channel 4.
Fans engage with YouTube in ways that just aren’t possible on TV
- Jamie Oliver
For its part YouTube needs to broaden its repertoire. This means developing more sophisticated long-form programmes which may require a different funding model. Google is already looking at launching a subscription model online. This could take it into the world of content commissioning and rights acquisition. This week’s news that it has struck a deal to license music with the rights agency Merlin is a first step down this road.
When he is asked to peer into the future and say which media platform will prevail, Bazalgette likes to cite Riepl’s law. Dreamed up more than 100 years ago by a German journalist, Wolfgang Riepl, in 1913, this says that innovations in media never wholly replace what came before them. “So radio didn’t supplant newspapers, film didn’t supplant radio and so on,” says Bazalgette. There’s a charming lack of certainty to it all. As he contemplates his world without commissioned TV, Smales might wish to reboot his crystal ball.
Jonathan Ford is the FT’s chief leader writer
YouTube by numbers
1. In the beginning . . .
The first YouTube video, “Me at the Zoo”, was uploaded at 8.27pm on April 23 2005 by the site’s co-founder Jawed Karim.
2. “Gangnam Style”
Korean musician PSY’s global hit is the most popular video in YouTube’s history. It has been viewed more than 2.13bn times.
3. Smart buy
Google purchased YouTube for just $1.65bn back in 2006. In comparison, Facebook recently paid $22bn for the instant messaging service WhatsApp.
4. April Fool tricks
YouTube enjoys an annual prank: in 2012 it “offered” users the chance to buy a DVD set of every video on the site.
5. Spoilt for choice
100 hours of video are uploaded to YouTube every minute – that’s about six millennia worth of video a year.
6. On the go
Almost 40 per cent of YouTube views come from mobile devices.
7. Star vehicle
Lucas Cruikshank’s character “Fred Figglehorn” was the first YouTube channel to gain more than a million subscribers. Fred’s popularity earned him feature film starring alongside Pixie Lott and John Cena.
8. Top three
YouTube is ranked as the third most popular website in the world, behind Google and Facebook, by Alexa.com, an internet traffic data provider.
9. Six billion and beyond
More than six billion hours of video are watched on YouTube every month.
10. PewDiePie
With more than 32 million subscribers, the Swedish vlogger is the most followed user on the site.
11. Power crazy
In 2007 it was estimated that YouTube was consuming as much bandwidth as the entire internet did for the year 2000.
Illustration by Jean Jullien

Fifa farce shames footballThe farce at Fifa that shames global football
The report into World Cup corruption must be published in full
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/830965f0-6b35-11e4-ae52-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Martin Wheatley: The Citys steely enforcer© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bcbbd196-6b28-11e4-be68-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Crackdown on payday lendingShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Crackdown on payday lending
Nov 11, 2014 : New curbs on the interest and fees UK payday lenders can charge could spell the end of the industry. Retail banking correspondent Emma Dunkley and senior companies editor Sharlene Goff discuss the new rules’ impact on lenders and those who use them.

High-yield supply scarce despite record© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2abf6f46-69ac-11e4-9f65-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tesco closes 2% higher on upgradeTesco closes 2% higher on upgrade
Bryce Elder
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2eab0d4c-6c25-11e4-b939-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Viscounts blue blood is thicker than redNovember 14, 2014 4:20 pm
Viscount Stansgate returns to prove blue blood is thicker than red
Harry Mount
The Benns are the closest thing to the old aristocratic clans, writes Harry Mount
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a28a689e-6b2a-11e4-ae52-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

WRAPUP 1-U.S.  EU override Australia to put climate change on G20 agendaWRAPUP 1-U.S.  EU override Australia to put climate change on G20 agenda
Exchange of information and mutual assistance in tax policy important: PM Modi at G20summitPM Modi with President of China Xi Jinping, U.S. President Obama, UK Prime Minister David Cameron and other leaders posing for the family photo during the G 20 Summit in Brisbane (Source: PTI photo)
Written by P Vaidyanathan Iyer | Posted: November 16, 2014 8:41 am | Updated: November 16, 2014 9:48 am
Taking his domestic agenda of black money to the G20 high table, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday asked all jurisdictions, especially the tax havens, to provide information for tax purposes in accordance with treaty obligations.
Addressing the G20 plenary session “Delivering Global Economic Resilience”, the Indian Prime Minister said with increased mobility of capital and technology creating new opportunities for tax avoidance and profit sharing, close coordination between countries was important.
According to Modi, India supported a global standard on automatic exchange of information. “It would be instrumental in getting information about unaccounted money hoarded abroad and enable its eventual repatriation,” he said.
“Close coordination was not just important for addressing the challenge of black money, but also security issues like terrorism, drug trafficking and arms smuggling,” Modi said. “I support all initiatives to facilitate exchange of information and mutual assistance in tax policy and administration,” he added.
With the world economy still to emerge out of the woods, Modi said there was need for policy coordination among the major countries remained srtrong. “Although each of us have our domestic priorities, coordinated decisions may help us all in the long run,” he added.

G20: Modi pushes for coordination to tackle black moneyG20: Modi pushes for coordination to tackle black money
Waiting for your visit  Angela Merkel tells PM ModiWaiting for your visit  Angela Merkel tells PM Modi
Govt launches modified DBT for LPG in 54 districtsGovt launches modified DBT for LPG in 54 districts
PM Modi raises issue of black money in G20 SummitPM Modi raises issue of black money in G20 Summit
G20: Importance of the summit & possible takeaways for IndiaG20: Importance of the summit & possible takeaways for India
Morgan Stanley estimates India s economic growth at 6.3% next yearMorgan Stanley estimates India's economic growth at 6.3% next year
PTI
Tweet
Singapore, Nov 14:  
India would have the fastest economic expansion among Asian countries and its gross domestic product is expected to grow by 6.3 per cent in 2015, according to Morgan Stanley forecast of global economies.
The Indian rupee’s exchange rate to US dollar would be at Rs 62.20 by end of next year compared with Rs 62 in the current quarter (Q4 this year), according to a presentation made at the Morgan Stanley’s Annual Asia Pacific Summit held here from November 12-14.
It is seen at Rs 62.50 in the first two quarters of next year and Rs 62.30 in the third quarter of next year.
Fastest economic expansion
Comparative to other Asian GDP growths, India would have the fastest economic expansion, it said.
India’s gross domestic product is expected to grow by 6.3 per cent in 2015, up from 5.3 this year, it said.
“We are constructive on the INR from the outlook perspective,” Chetan Ahya, Morgan Stanley’s Chief Asia Economist, told PTI.
Strong capital inflows and the current account deficit under - 2 per cent would add upward pressure on the rupee.
Govt policy action
Reforms are providing confidence to India’s economic growth. The Indian Government’s policy action to improve business environment and lower oil prices are among the factors supporting the GDP growth, Ahya said.
Structural reforms related to land, labour and tax would support economic growth in the coming years. The risk would be any disruption to execution and delivery of reforms as well as a slowdown in exports, he pointed out.
Crude oil prices
On imports, the lower oil prices have been helpful and supporting the economic growth. Oil imports were down at 4 per cent of GDP now from 6 per cent in 2012.
“It is obviously helping the recovery process,” Ahya said.
Sub-par global growth
Meanwhile, Morgan Stanley has forecasted a sub-par global growth at 3.5 per cent in 2015, up nominally from 3.1 per cent this year. In Asia, China’s GDP is forecasted to contract to 7.1 per cent in 2015 from 7.3 per cent in 2014.
Asia's GDP, excluding Japan’s, would grow to 6.3 per cent in 2015, up by a small proportion from 6 per cent this year. Japan’s GDP growth would be stagnant at 0.8 per cent in 2014 and 2015.
Some 1,700 delegates, including representatives of 300 global corporations, are attending the summit.
(This article was published on November 14, 2014)
Related

Indias Modi has awkward fiscal challengeIndia’s Narendra Modi faces awkward fiscal challenge
James Crabtree in Mumbai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/600d55b8-6be2-11e4-b1e6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Land Rover s Range Rover  Range Rover Sport get makeoversMercedes Benz inaugurates Chandigarh's largest dealership
Land Rover recently announced updates for its SUVs Range Rover and Range Rover Sport. The major alteration comes under the hood which enhances the driving experience while the interiors now come loaded with extra equipment. Both the cars are known for their outstanding drivability.
Mechanical changes have been made to the tried and tested 3.0 liter six cylinder TDV6 diesel engine and it now comes equipped with a single turbocharging unit instead of twin-turbo. Although, with this change, the power output remains the same i.e. 281bhp and 61.2 kgm of torque, fuel economy has increased by about 8.5 percent. On the other hand, the SDV6 engine running under the bonnet of Range Rover Sport now sees power increment of 14bhp and extra 10kgm of torque which now totals to massive 302bhp and 71.3kgm torque. The Sports version also sees improvement in the economy department.
Secondly, the inclusion of ATPC, short for All Terrain Progress System, has further enhanced the driving proficiency of the SUVs. This is claimed by the company as the world’s first technology – it is an improved form of cruise control for off-roading. It permits the driver to set-up desired speed that could be anywhere between 1-31kph. The ATPC system smartly manages braking and torque distributed to each wheel, to gain maximum traction on the surface.
Apart from engine modifications, the already plush interiors of Range Rover and Range Rover Sport now get additional equipment in the form of Head-up Display. The system projects relevant information on the windscreen like cruise control, satellite navigation guidelines, gear position and traffic sign recognition. The remaining features inside the cars will remain intact like oxford leather seats that are also electrically adjustable, carpet mats, multifunctional steering wheel, 3-zone climate control and advance Meridian surround sound system, all which exudes the quality and luxury.
Exteriors of both the cars remain intact. The Range Rover shows off large headlight cluster at the front facade which incorporates adaptive xenon lamps with turn indicators, LED fog lamps, atlas radiator grille and the signature insignia sitting above. The side profile boasts of three-line design principle along with base variants getting 19-inch stylish alloy wheels. The top end variants also gets 20-inch five split-spoke alloy wheels. Rear profile is attractive as well with flat windscreen, swept back taillights and LED brake lights.
Range Rover Sport on the other hand looks quite different from its sibling. The front profile has a sleek and aggressive grille with trendy headlight cluster incorporating xenon headlamps and a pair of fog lamps below. The protective cladding beneath the front bumpers differentiates it from Range Rover SUV. The side wheel arches have been bestowed with 20-inch design rims and wider vents with metallic clothing providing affluent character to it. The rear profile is muscular with large boot lid, wide windscreen with stylish spoiler and high mounted stop lamp.
The major exterior change that comes in the new version is the new color options for both. Where Range Rover gets new Yulong White paint job, Range Rover Sport besides getting the said color, will get additional Kaikoura Stone color option.
The Range Rover cars are already known for all-round capability and with the latest updates, the position will be further reinforced in the market.
TAGS: Land Rover Range Rover Sport
More from automobiles

Dan Brown: I would love to write about HinduismAmazon
(I just write my books and…)
The Da Vinci Code (published in 2003), Dan Brown's blockbuster thriller, was (and still is) subject to criticism and intellectual debate. It went on to become one of the top-selling novels of all time. In 2005, Time magazine's editors, while naming him one of the 100 Most Influential People in the World, credited him with, amongst other things, "keeping the publishing industry afloat; renewing interest in Leonardo da Vinci and early Christian history; and spiking tourism to Paris and Rome". Some of this Dan Brown magic was evident in Delhi earlier this week at the Penguin Annual Lecture 2014, where he received a rockstar's welcome. In a freewheeling interview with Ishani Duttagupta, he spoke about everything from Bollywood to his fascination with Hinduism. Excerpts:
Your books weave in a lot of elements — history, religion, symbols, cryptology. Can they be classified as thriller fiction or have you created a new genre in popular fiction?
Dan Brown: I don't really think about genre, I like to write books that I'd love to read myself. I like things that are fast paced, so I guess they are thrillers. I love to learn and at some level there's something to learn from my books. And I love art and philosophy, so there's something philosophical about my fiction. My readership is diverse — men and women, old people and kids, scientists and priests
Your books have Biblical plots and there's a lot of history woven in. So what are the challenges in your research?
Dan Brown: The challenge for a writer looking at history is to figure out what is history and what is myth. After all, what you are looking at is an interpretation of history, and so at some level, it becomes an interpretation of an interpretation. Whether you are a fiction writer or a non-fiction writer, you have to use your judgment — what makes sense to you? When I wrote The Da Vinci Code, I told myself that this story of Jesus makes more sense to me than the story I read in the Bible.
Your characters and plots question the world's most powerful religion, and yet you have achieved phenomenal success...
Dan Brown: A lot of people have the same questions. It's not magic — I've just said out loud what a lot of people are thinking. And it's not just Christianity — all religions have aspects that are ancient and nonsensical, which modern people look at and scratch their heads over.
Would we see you exploring Hinduism in the same way at any point of time?
Dan Brown: I would love to, but at this point, I don't know nearly enough about Indian culture. Robert Langdon [fictional character of Brown's most successful novels and professor at Harvard University] is a specialist in Christianity, but all things are possible. It may take some time.
  24-hour formats and literary treasure hunts have become part of your signature style; in India, did you find any such treasures during your short trip?
Dan Brown: We walked the spice market [at Chandni Chowk] which was an incredible experience — the colours, the people, the spices, and just the vibrancy of that area. We saw the Red Fort, which was beautiful and I had read a lot of the history; and the huge mosque Jama Masjid. We went to a Christian church service to get a flavour of that too. And I've been meeting so many of my fans in India, which is great. The enthusiasm of Indian people has always struck me.
You have described yourself as being on a constant spiritual journey through your novels; would you undertake such journeys outside Christianity?
Dan Brown: For instance, do you have any interest in exploring Hindu symbols with India as a background? I would love to. I'm fascinated by this part of the world — the warmth of people, richness of history and Hinduism which is the mother of so many religions. It has such a beautiful philosophy and way of life — I would love to write about it. I would need to know much, much more than I know and so I'm starting to learn.
You are currently working on your new book. When are we likely to be reading it?
Dan Brown: I've learnt not to predict — I've been researching and I will begin to write soon. We'll see; it could be a few years.
What's a typical Dan Brown day like?
Dan Brown: If I'm writing, I'm up at four in the morning at my desk, I work until 10 or 11 maybe, then take a break and have lunch. Then I get some exercise, play tennis or golf or work out — something physical. And then in the late afternoon I'll do business — talk to publishers, or attorneys or movie people. And then I go out to dinner with my wife [Blythe Brown, painter and art historian] or she cooks or we have friends over; it's a pretty normal life.
As a writer you have been read in 52 languages by people all around the world — do you feel a sense of empowerment? Is it important for you to be a global influencer as a writer of popular fiction?

Okinawa vote to determine fate of US militar...You are here: Home > Collections
Okinawa vote to determine fate of US base
AFP Nov 16, 2014, 08.34AM IST
Tags:
Japan
(The outcome of the vote can…)
NAHA, JAPAN: The Japanese prefecture of Okinawa will Sunday elect a new governor in a vote that will determine the long-stalled relocation of a US military base, with the outcome potentially presenting a headache for premier Shinzo Abe.
Opinion polls this week showed the vote in the prefecture in Japan's far south could see victory for anti-base candidate Takeshi Onaga , in a neck-and-neck battle with incumbent Hirokazu Nakaima -- who has the backing of Abe and his party.
A win for Onaga would be a significant blow to the central government because the governor has the power to veto the landfill work needed for a new base to be built.
That would leave Abe facing either overruling locally-elected officials -- risking charges of authoritarianism -- or reverting to the cajoling and persuading of recent years, which would not be popular with Washington.
It would also take some of the wind out of Abe's sails just days before he is expected to announce a snap general election.
Nakaima stands accused of betraying the semi-tropical island chain after striking a deal with Tokyo last year to greenlight a plan to move the US Marines' Futenma Air Station from a crowded urban area to a sparsely populated coastal district some 50 kilometres (30 miles) to the north.
In what critics said amounted to a bribe, Abe pledged a huge cash injection to the local economy in return for Nakaima reversing years of opposition to the move, which was first mooted in the 1990s.
Deadlock on the move has frustrated the Americans and proved a thorn in the side of successive Japanese governments.
Okinawa is home to more than half of the 47,000 US service personnel stationed in Japan, and strategically key to the US-Japan security alliance at a time of simmering tensions in East Asia.
But there is widespread local hostility to the military presence, with complaints over noise, the risk of accidents and a perception that the presence of so many young servicemen is a source of crime.
The current base sits in a residential district whose inhabitants bitterly recall a 2004 military helicopter crash in the grounds of a local university, and who resent the sound of roaring engines metres from their backyards.
Nakaima claims that the current relocation plan is the only realistic option in order to eliminate the danger of the Futenma base.
The dispute taps into a vein of historical resentment. Previously an independent kingdom, Okinawa was annexed by Japan in the 19th century and was under US rule for almost three decades after World War II.
On the campaign trail Saturday, Onaga told AFP: "These bases are just a nuisance. If they weren't here, Okinawa would be a lot more developed. Please tell America: the bases are in the way."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Exchange of information and mutual assistance in tax policy important: PM Narendra Modi at G20summitPM Modi with President of China Xi Jinping, U.S. President Obama, UK Prime Minister David Cameron and other leaders posing for the family photo during the G 20 Summit in Brisbane (Source: PTI photo)
Written by P Vaidyanathan Iyer | Posted: November 16, 2014 8:41 am | Updated: November 16, 2014 9:48 am
Taking his domestic agenda of black money to the G20 high table, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday asked all jurisdictions, especially the tax havens, to provide information for tax purposes in accordance with treaty obligations.
Addressing the G20 plenary session “Delivering Global Economic Resilience”, the Indian Prime Minister said with increased mobility of capital and technology creating new opportunities for tax avoidance and profit sharing, close coordination between countries was important.
According to Modi, India supported a global standard on automatic exchange of information. “It would be instrumental in getting information about unaccounted money hoarded abroad and enable its eventual repatriation,” he said.
“Close coordination was not just important for addressing the challenge of black money, but also security issues like terrorism, drug trafficking and arms smuggling,” Modi said. “I support all initiatives to facilitate exchange of information and mutual assistance in tax policy and administration,” he added.
With the world economy still to emerge out of the woods, Modi said there was need for policy coordination among the major countries remained srtrong. “Although each of us have our domestic priorities, coordinated decisions may help us all in the long run,” he added.

BJPs manifesto for J-K assembly polls to stick to Article 370 standComments
The BJP has decided to include the repealing of Article 370 of the Constitution that gives special status to Jammu and Kashmir in its poll manifesto for the northern state, ignoring voices of dissent within the party.
Several BJP poll candidates from Kashmir have opposed the party’s stand on the sensitive issue with its pick from Srinagar’s Amira Kadal constituency Hina Bhat saying she would be the first to pick up a gun if Article 370 was abrogated.
“If the Article is touched, it will force Kashmiris to pick up guns again. And you know I am a Kashmiri too,” she had reportedly said.
Party candidate from Homeshalibugh in Anantnag district Ghulam Nabi Dar had also allegedly said he would allow no one to “play” with the Article.
A Kashmiri woman displays a placard reading 'We will preserve article 370 at all costs' during a march in Srinagar in 2004. (AFP Photo)
The state is headed for five-phase polls, beginning on November 25, with the BJP looking to expand its footprint into the Muslim-dominated Kashmir Valley as part of its mission to secure a majority in the 87-member-strong assembly.
The saffron party’s hardened stance may have an adverse impact on its electoral prospects in the Valley but is expected to pay rich dividends in the Hindu-majority Jammu region.
The controversial Article 370 ensures the state’s residents live under a separate set of laws as compared to other states, including those related to citizenship, ownership of property and fundamental rights. The provision also stipulates that citizens from other states cannot purchase land or property in Jammu and Kashmir.
A demand for removing the sensitive clause has been a part of the BJP’s manifesto for decades now and party leaders feel any move to dilute its stand will antagonize its vote base outside the Valley.
“This has been an important agenda of our manifesto and will remain so. We want to discuss whether this article has benefited the state or just a few families only,” party’s J&K spokesman Khalid Jehangir told HT.
Minister of state in the Prime Minister’s Office Jitendra Singh also said the BJP’s stand on Article 370 was “very clear”.
“All issues, including Article 370, which have been part of the BJP manifesto all these years, will be part of the agenda in the state,” he told reporters in Jammu earlier this week.
In its Lok Sabha poll manifesto, the BJP had reiterated its stand on Article 370, saying it would discuss the issue with all stakeholders and remained committed to the abrogation of the clause.
Minister of state for external affairs VK Singh, however, took a conflicting stand, in an attempt to woo voters in Kashmir. “BJP never said Article 370 is to be removed or amended,” he said in Srinagar on Saturday.
“Article 370 got introduced somewhere because people kept asking about it. And I think all that the party said was that we need to re-look at all things that unnecessarily create problems,” he said.

Smriti Irani at Children s Day celebrationspicture  others
Smriti Irani at Children’s Day celebrations
HRD Minister Smriti Irani interacts with children during Bal Diwas celebrations at Bal Bhavan in New Delhi on Friday. (Source: PTI)
HRD Minister Smriti Irani poses with kids dressed in traditional attires during Children's Day celebrations at Bal Bhavan in New Delhi on Friday. (Source: PTI)
Smriti Irani is welcomed by children. (Source: PTI)
Former cricketer Sachin Tendulkar met with under-privileged children at a domestic airport terminal in Mumbai on the eve of Children’s Day on Thursday (November 13). (Source: Express Photo by Pradip Das)
The former grandmaster signs a few autographs. (Source: Express Photo by Pradip Das)
The children belonged to four different NGOs from around Mumbai. (Source: Express Photo by Pradip Das)
As part of the Children’s Day celebration, Jet Airways organised a free ride for the children around Mumbai. (Source: Express Photo by Pradip Das)
The initiative was called 'Flight of Fantasy' and catered to children from NGOs - Aseema, AK Munshi Yojana and Kalyandeep. (Source: Express Photo by Pradip Das)
The kids got a chance to visit the cockpit of the plane. (Source: Express Photo by Pradip Das)
The Flight of Fantasy took off from Chhatrapati Shivaji Domestic Airport. (Source: Express Photo by Pradip Das)
The children enjoyed a half-hour joy ride around the city. (Source: Express Photo by Pradip Das)
Related

Omar Abdullah dig at Congress: Its only taking credit for goodthingsJ&K CM Omar Abdullah during a rally at Ganderbal
Written by Mir Ehsan | Srinagar | Posted: November 16, 2014 5:26 am
After deciding not to contest from his home constituency, J&K Chief Minister Omar Abdullah visited Ganderbal on Saturday and sought votes for the new National Conference candidate Sheikh Ishfaq Jabar. Omar also criticised the Congress, coalition partner in the present government, for trying to discredit the NC.
Ganderbal has been represented by Omar’s father and his grandfather. This time, however, Omar has decided to leave the family bastion and is contesting from Sonwar and Beerwah.
“This is the first time that I am coming to Ganderbal to ask for your precious votes for someone not from my family. I promise you that my personal bond and association with the constituency will remain unchanged till I live,” he said at Chinar Bagh. He highlighted the developmental work he has undertaken since he became the Chief Minister.
Taking a dig at the Congress leadership, Omar said: “It was surprising that the Congress, after six years of being in the government and occupying key cabinet portfolios, was blaming the NC for all the criticisms, while taking credit for all the good things done by the government.”
Omar also blamed the opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) for opposing the rehabilitation policy for the youth who had crossed over to the other side of the LoC.

G-20 leaders finalise details of growth planWorld leaders prepared to release details of a plan aimed at injecting life into the world's listless economy.
By: Associated Press | Brisbane | Posted: November 16, 2014 5:23 am
World leaders prepared to release details of a plan aimed at injecting life into the world’s listless economy, with infrastructure investment and the lowering of trade barriers flagged as key components of the initiative.
Leaders of the world’s 20 largest economies, wrapping up a two-day gathering in the Australian city of Brisbane, were hammering out the final components of a plan to boost global GDP by more than 2 percent above expected levels over the next five years, which amounts to around $2 trillion.
“That is millions of jobs and trillions of dollars in extra production,” Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott said in an address to the G-20 conference. “Yes, we want freer trade and we will deliver it. Yes, we need more infrastructure and we will build it.”
G-20 nations, which represent 85 percent of the global economy, are under pressure to take definitive action at this year’s summit, rather than simply producing a set of vague, unmeasurable goals. The International Monetary Fund has warned about a “new mediocre” for the world economy, putting renewed focus on the G-20’s growth initiative.
The final communique, to be issued later Sunday, will be based on individual plans submitted by each G-20 country, outlining how they will achieve their contribution toward the growth target. World GDP this year is about $77 trillion.
Australian Treasurer Joe Hockey said the group’s strategies include 1,000 measures that will lift infrastructure investment, increase trade and competition, cut red tape and increase employment.
“While we still face economic challenges in many parts of the world, I’m optimistic our 2 percent commitment will deliver the growth the world needs,” Hockey said.
But rights groups such as The Civil Society 20 group, or C20, want assurances that the poor will benefit the most from the plans, estimating that the additional growth could lift 1 billion people out of poverty if it was poured into the poorest 20 percent of G-20 households.
In between official talks, leaders have taken time to enjoy a bit of Aussie culture. A photo of a smiling Abbott and Russian President Vladimir Putin standing side-by-side while holding koalas was a rare lighthearted moment in an otherwise frosty atmosphere surrounding the Russian leader’s presence. Putin has come under fire from multiple leaders at the summit over the escalating conflict between Russia and Ukraine.
The leaders also enjoyed an Aussie barbecue at the state Parliament House, feasting on king prawns, oysters, lamb and pavlova, a popular meringue dessert generally served with fruit and whipped cream. Several of their spouses, meanwhile, visited a wildlife sanctuary where they, too, cuddled with koalas and fed kangaroos.
Although Abbott has sought to keep the summit tightly focused on the growth plan, he has faced pressure to add issues such as the Ebola crisis in West continued…

Reporters waiting for Kunal Ghosh lathichargedReporters waiting for Kunal Ghosh lathicharged
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Kolkata, November 15, 2014
First Published: 16:03 IST(15/11/2014) | Last Updated: 21:27 IST(15/11/2014)
Comments
Policemen desperate to prevent Rajya Sabha MP Kunal Ghosh from speaking to the media went to the extent of making a lathicharge on a crowd of waiting mediamen inside SSKM Hospital premises apart from pushing, pulling and shoving the ailing MP who had a Ryles Tube dangling from his nose.
A few persons who were standing in the hospital premises also received a few blows.
The lathicharge happened around 1:15 pm when Ghosh was being brought back to SSKM Hospital after an EEG test from adjacent Bangur Institute of Neurology (BIN).
The desperation of the policemen increased after Ghosh’s statement began to be aired on TV channels. “Ask them to first arrest those who are 'guilty',” Ghosh managed to comment on the way to BIN for the test.
The police first waited for about 30 minutes while Ghosh waited inside the ambulance.
Ghosh was spotted knocking the door of the ambulance, trying to step out. Dressed in a green hospital robe, with a ryles tube attached to his nose, and sweating, he pleaded to be escorted out of the ambulance. The windows of the vehicles were closed so that the MP could not speak to journalists.
Kunal Ghosh suicide bid: Police and media clash outside hospital, Ghosh led away
Finally, when Ghosh was escorted out of the ambulance towards the main block, his face was covered by a police cap to prevent him from saying anything to the reporters standing next to the ambulance.
Amidst a dense crowd, police were seen pulling him down from the ambulance and pushed inside the hospital building.

Shine back as gold leaps 715  to rise furtherComments
Gold recovered its glitter on Saturday as it vaulted Rs. 715 to record its second biggest single-day gain this year, driven by rising demand ahead of the wedding season and weak US economic data.
Prices are set to rise further in the days to come, traders said, advising those planning to buy the precious metal to do so right away.
The Rs. 715 jump took the metal to Rs. 26,400 per 10 grams, up 2.78% from Friday’s closing of Rs. 25,685.
Prices had fallen to a low of Rs. 25,000 per 10 grams last week in the key markets of Mumbai and Delhi, but have risen 6% since then. Globally, too, gold rose to a two-week high as large investors increased bets on the metal due to uncertainties in the US economy.
“Gold had bottomed out in recent weeks but the market is now looking at higher levels as prices can’t fall any further,” said Ashok Minawalla, a prominent Mumbai-based trader and former president of the Jewellery Trade Federation. “We may see higher demand on account of the wedding season,” he added.
The demand for gold in India — which recently overtook China to regain its position as the world’s top consumer — is likely to boost imports, which rose to 150 tonnes in October from 90 tonnes in September, far exceeding expectations of around 55 tonnes.
“Gold imports at this level could rise to $6 billion in October from $4 billion in September, way higher than the average $2.3 billion in April-August…,” a Nomura report said.
This may force the government to impose additional restrictions on imports to dampen rising demand. Rising gold imports had played havoc with India’s current account deficit (the difference between all dollar inflows and outflows) last year and contributed significantly to the run on the rupee, which had fallen to an all-time low of Rs. 68.85 against the dollar.

Gujarat s compulsory voting: Eye on countrywide implementation(With this, an act that conventional…)
By Prerna Katiyar & Vishal Dutta
The Gujarat government on November 7 passed the Gujarat Local Authorities Laws (Amendment) Bill, 2009, making voting mandatory in local body elections. With this, an act that conventional wisdom in the country presumes is voluntary will henceforth invite adjudication in case of abstention.
Abstention, for many voters, will doubtless invite disapproval and condemnation from several quarters, particularly those that give the phrase 'politically-correct' a new dimension. Yet, the fact is it is as valid an electoral choice as any other in a democracy, including None of the Above, or NOTA, the closest option an individual has to express his/her apathy or displeasure towards the politicians or politics. "Freedom of expression in a democracy and compulsion don't go together," says former chief election commissioner (CEC) SY Quraishi.
In a political setup in which members of parliament have the right not to vote for any bill by two ways — by abstention or by being present and yet deciding not to vote — experts are questioning why can't ordinary people have the same right. "Voting is all about an individual's free will. It is a bad idea to make voting compulsory," says Supreme Court advocate Siddharth Dave.
The government in Gujarat, where elections to the local bodies are due in October 2015, has a different take.
Nitin Patel, the state road and building minister who tabled the Bill in the Gujarat Assembly and spokesperson of the Gujarat government, feels the purpose of the Bill is to bring more responsibility amongst citizens toward their local bodies. "More participation will ensure that good people come to the power at the local level." Nice thought, but will it work?
"Even if one decides to charge a token `1 from defaulters, do we have the level of strength, the infrastructure and the workforce to prosecute people in lakhs if not crores," asks Quraishi. According to the former CEC, Australia — one of the democracies with a law on compulsory voting — spends $5,000 on each defaulter against a fine of $50 fine imposed for not voting.
Globally, more than 22 countries have had legislation on compulsory voting while only 11 enforce it. Countries like Chile, Fiji, the Netherlands and Venezuela have abandoned compulsory voting.
  People's Empowerment?
The reactions from Gujarat are predictably mixed. There are those who feel the Gujarat government's move on compulsory voting would help the people in the long run. Says Deepika Shah, a young executive who works in Ahmedabad: "There are a lot of unwanted elements who have entered local bodies such as the municipalities. With more participation, it may help to kick them out and bring deserving candidates to manage the municipality." Ramanbhai Bharward, an industrial worker at Vatva Gujarat Industrial Development Corporation, has his concerns. "Voting day for local bodies is not a holiday.
If the government has decided to make voting compulsory, it should also declare a holiday for industries on the day." Elections in countries where voting is mandatory is a prolonged affair and not a one-day event. The US has elections spread over 15 days. Section 79(d) of Representation of the People Act states that the electoral right of people includes the right to vote as well as the right to refrain from voting. "The defining character of any democracy is that people have the right to choose — as well as the right not to choose," says Jagdeep Chhokar of Association for Democratic Reforms (ADR), a body working on electoral and political reforms with the tagline praja hi prabhu hai (the citizens are the Gods).
Experts feel that emanating from Gujarat, this piece of legislation may well be a pilot project, with an eye on countrywide implementation. "Making voting compulsory is a move towards a totalitarian society. It can be used as a tool to nail people with different political ideologies to settle political scores. It's a regressive step," says Dave. The Bill was returned twice by former governor Kamla Beniwal when prime minister Narendra Modi was chief minister, on the grounds that forcing voters to vote is against the principles of an individual's liberty.
Alternative Means

BJPs ammo: 3D Narendra Modi  cybercellPrint
Written by Adil Akhzer | Srinagar | Posted: November 16, 2014 5:30 am
Prime Minister Narendra Modi may only visit Srinagar for campaigning, but his 3D avatar will address people across the state. After experimenting with it during the Lok Sabha elections, the BJP will now use 3D technology in J&K to attract voters. “A 3D van will arrive in Kashmir on November 24,” said Altaf Thakur, BJP’s media in-charge in the state. “At every big rally in Kashmir, Modiji will address people using 3D technology,” he said. Thakur said that the 3D van, fitted with a big LED screen, will travel across the Valley during the campaign. “This will be the first time that the any party in the state will use such a van,” he said. “It will give our workers and the people the feeling that PM Modi is with them”. In a bid to woo young voters, the party has also launched its cyber cell in Kashmir. On Modi’s direction, a special team had been sent from Delhi to Srinagar to train the team on Friday, a senior party leader said. “We are targeting the over 20 lakh people who use social networking in the Valley,” the BJP leader said.

One World Trade Center fills hole in Manhatt...One World Trade Center fills hole in Manhattan skyline
AFP Nov 16, 2014, 08.04AM IST
Tags:
(The opening of One World…)
NEW YORK: The jewel of the New York skyline, the pride of a whole nation, is back.
The opening of One World Trade Center, on the site of the Twin Towers that were destroyed on September 11, 2001, signals a long-awaited return to normal in the Big Apple.
Since November 3, with little fanfare, some 500 employees of the media group Conde Nast moved in. They are due to be joined by another 3,000 in early 2015.
There are also support staff on site -- brought into sharp relief this week by the spectacular rescue of two window washers suspended from the 69th floor.
The symbolic 1,776-foot (541-meter) tower -- including its antenna -- is the tallest in the United States and in the Western hemisphere.
Its tapered glass silhouette overlooks the September 11 Memorial, dedicated to the 2,753 victims of the New York attacks, along with six victims of a first attack on the Twin Towers in 1993, and sits next to the museum focused on the drama.
The $3.9 billion, 104-story tower "is the most secure office building any place in the world," said Patrick Foye, executive director of the Port Authority of NY and NJ, which owns the site.
The monumental lobby, with soaring ceilings some 47 feet high and white marble throughout, is protected by a special wall that can withstand explosions.
Its concrete foundation is 185 feet tall. A staircase is dedicated to emergency responders, and concrete protects the elevators and stairways.
The communications system was designed in collaboration with police, the FBI, the Department of Homeland Security as well as private experts, Foye said.
From high up in the tower, the 360-degree view offers glimpses of the Statue of Liberty to the south and the Empire State Building and Central Park to the north.
For Big Apple visitors looking to orient themselves within Manhattan, One World Trade Center is a clear landmark at the southern end of the urban island.
For New Yorkers, it's a long-awaited sign of the determination to rebuild, slowed for years by political negotiations over just what should be done on "Ground Zero," and then by a hurting economy.
Initially dubbed "Freedom Tower," before its name was changed in 2009, One World Trade Center finally broke ground in 2006. Construction was completed at the end of 2013.
Some 65 per cent of the space has already been rented out, Foye said during a visit to the 61st floor, rejecting the idea that some were afraid to move there because of the site's bloody history.
Among the new tenants -- aside from Conde Nast, which will occupy floors 20 to 44 -- are online gamemaker Hi5, publicity group Kids Creative and the China Center, which fosters cultural exchanges between the United States and China.
In all, about 5,000 people will be working in the new tower. And by next spring, the observatory, on the 100th, 101st and 102nd floors, will open to the public, with entry fees set at $32.
The opening of the new tower "represents a return to normalcy down here," Foye said, emphasizing that the people will be working there, eating in the nearby restaurants, using the subway stop that should be ready early next year, and shopping in the hundreds of thousands of square feet of shops that continue to open.
When the Twin Towers still stood, the neighborhood was mainly used as offices, and was nearly deserted by evening. But thanks to new residential construction, the population of lower Manhattan has tripled, from 20,000 to 60,000.
"This is a sign of the revitalization of downtown New York city," said Foye, of "the city and state and region and nation's response to 9/11."
The memorial and museum "will for ever commemorate what happened here," and the nearly 3,000 people who died, he said.
"We will never forget that, but I think that we want to do now is to look forward, and the site is a site of progress."
FEATURED ARTICLES

BJP includes repealing of Article 370 in J-K manifestoComments
The BJP has decided to include the repealing of Article 370 of the Constitution that gives special status to Jammu and Kashmir in its poll manifesto for the northern state, ignoring voices of dissent within the party.
Several BJP poll candidates from Kashmir have opposed the party’s stand on the sensitive issue with its pick from Srinagar’s Amira Kadal constituency Hina Bhat saying she would be the first to pick up a gun if Article 370 was abrogated.
“If the Article is touched, it will force Kashmiris to pick up guns again. And you know I am a Kashmiri too,” she had reportedly said.
Party candidate from Homeshalibugh in Anantnag district Ghulam Nabi Dar had also allegedly said he would allow no one to “play” with the Article.
A Kashmiri woman displays a placard reading 'We will preserve article 370 at all costs' during a march in Srinagar in 2004. (AFP Photo)
The state is headed for five-phase polls, beginning on November 25, with the BJP looking to expand its footprint into the Muslim-dominated Kashmir Valley as part of its mission to secure a majority in the 87-member-strong assembly.
The saffron party’s hardened stance may have an adverse impact on its electoral prospects in the Valley but is expected to pay rich dividends in the Hindu-majority Jammu region.
The controversial Article 370 ensures the state’s residents live under a separate set of laws as compared to other states, including those related to citizenship, ownership of property and fundamental rights. The provision also stipulates that citizens from other states cannot purchase land or property in Jammu and Kashmir.
A demand for removing the sensitive clause has been a part of the BJP’s manifesto for decades now and party leaders feel any move to dilute its stand will antagonize its vote base outside the Valley.
“This has been an important agenda of our manifesto and will remain so. We want to discuss whether this article has benefited the state or just a few families only,” party’s J&K spokesman Khalid Jehangir told HT.
Minister of state in the Prime Minister’s Office Jitendra Singh also said the BJP’s stand on Article 370 was “very clear”.
“All issues, including Article 370, which have been part of the BJP manifesto all these years, will be part of the agenda in the state,” he told reporters in Jammu earlier this week.
In its Lok Sabha poll manifesto, the BJP had reiterated its stand on Article 370, saying it would discuss the issue with all stakeholders and remained committed to the abrogation of the clause.
Minister of state for external affairs VK Singh, however, took a conflicting stand, in an attempt to woo voters in Kashmir. “BJP never said Article 370 is to be removed or amended,” he said in Srinagar on Saturday.
“Article 370 got introduced somewhere because people kept asking about it. And I think all that the party said was that we need to re-look at all things that unnecessarily create problems,” he said.

Appuchi Gramam: Less Bradbury than Bharathiraja  but thats part of the charmTamil cinema
The conceit is gold. A meteor is headed towards earth. It’s the end of the world. At least, it’s the end of Tamil Nadu. The localisation isn’t a surprise. Had the same scenario played out in a Hollywood movie, the events would be set in Anycity, America, with the occasional TV shot convincing us that the rest of humanity is in peril too. In Appuchi Gramam, directed by Vi Anand, we take stock of what’s happening through the residents of the titular village. There’s something awesomely subversive about a sci-fi story unfolding in the back of beyond, where men walk around in loincloths and where people carry around lanterns at night. Meanwhile, in cities, scientists gather around hi-tech equipment and fret about impending doom. A conventional disaster movie would use this as the dramatic lynchpin – how these men plan to avert this disaster. We’d be ushered through roomfuls of people making highfalutin plans, their every line punctuated with techno-geekery. The atmosphere would be thick with portent. Appuchi Gramam wants none of that.
Instead, this is what’s in store – feuding families; sickle-wielding hotheads from a neighbouring village; a widowed mother yearning to hear from her son in the US; skirmishes around the local deity; lots and lots of boozing; a driver who’s in love with his master’s daughter; a second love story, occasioning a couple of duets; men with the hots for the local item girl; a scene with a thaali; a scene where someone proclaims his love for this land. It’s Tamil-cinema business as usual, less Bradbury than Bharathiraja. But the director never lingers too long on a single narrative strand, and the sci-fi backdrop makes the clichés seem not so clichéd. I mean, it isn’t just another rich-girl-meets-poor-boy track when a tender moment is interrupted by a ball of fire hurtling over their heads.
I wish more had been done with the premise though. While it’s a relief not to have to pretend everything’s going to go up in smoke until disaster is averted at the last minute – and no, this isn’t a spoiler; whether here or in Hollywood, disaster is always averted, always at the last minute – there are a few too many detours into maudlin and messagey territory, enough to make you wish that the meteor wipes out, if not this village, then at least the “village sentiment” that plagues these films. (Wouldn’t you know it, the meteor is but a deus ex machina to cure the various ills, social and otherwise, infecting these people.) The funny bits, like the portion where a meteorite is worshipped as aatha, could have been funnier. The final stretch – lots of fireworks – could have been tenser. But I’m not complaining… too much. The low-keyness is part of the charm. It’s nice to have a movie where the prospect of annihilation induces in a local youth little more than the concern that he’s going to die a virgin. It’s a kick to see this “world crisis” being handled not by the POTUS but by the Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu (Nasser, one of the few recognizable faces). And the reason people aren’t too concerned about what’s going to happen made me laugh out loud. Our weathermen never get anything right.
Appuchi Gramam
Director: Vi Anand.
Cast: Nasser, GM Kumar, Ganja Karuppu.
Storyline: What happens in a village as the residents prepare to be hit by a meteor.
A version of this review can be read at www.baradwajrangan.wordpress.com

Good time to take profits in OMCs: Mitesh ThackerAnalyst
(Bank Nifty and the CNX IT…)
In an interview with ET Now, Mitesh Thacker, Technical Analyst , shares his views on the markets and some stocks. Excerpts:
ET Now: It has essentially been a week of consolidation for the Nifty at least. There has been a bit of sector rotation. What do you think is in store for the next week? Do we still consolidate and if so, what are the indices that could take centre stage?
Mitesh Thacker: That is a very likely outcome. Bank Nifty and the CNX IT together make a good part of the Nifty. There is no threat of reversal or an immediate decline happening, but they have been inching up slowly. The Bank Nifty in the last few days has moved up from 17000 or sub-17000 levels to 17600-17700 levels, but clearly, the movement has been jagged and is very slow in nature. So, that kind of movement still continues.
There is some loss of momentum. One day if the indices move up with some kind of strong vigour along with broader participation, that could suggest that we are resuming the uptrend. Broadly, I am comfortable trading long on most of these stocks or indices, but you have to take turns and you have to identify when a stock is giving a breakout. For the time being though, autos and a couple of banking names remain very strong.
Rate sensitives in particular should be the highlight, but as I said, this is a market where we are seeing rotation and therefore new sectors are participating. On Friday, we did see some kind of strong bounce back or momentum coming into metal stocks. Maybe in the next couple of days, you might see some of the metal names do well and try to catch up for the underperformance which they have displayed.
ET Now: The Bank Nifty propped up this week as well. Any interesting trade on the index or any of the individual stocks?
Mitesh Thacker: For the time being, you might want to avoid the indices purely because of the fact that the indices are losing momentum. We have not seen any kind of reversal but the pace has slowed down. So, maybe individual names might provide you a better outlook. While I am quite positive on the Bank Nifty and looking at targets of around 18000, I would still suggest trading into individual names. On the top of the list would be Karnataka Bank which had a very strong run-up during the week, with gains of about 6% looking at targets of 246 to about 250, possibly even higher levels being tested over there.
State Bank of India had a very strong closing and earlier highs of 2880-2900 would be revisited, possibly cross and we might see the levels of 3000 over there. The other one which is really looking good is Bank of Baroda , which is very close to breaking into all time high levels beyond the levels of 1020-1040. Once that happens, you might see some more momentum over there and Yes Bank has been a recommendation for the last few days.
We had HDFC Bank as a recommendation on Friday. Very clearly, it has broken out in the short term at least. While there can be some kind of possibility of negative news, but technically the chart looks strong and the stock will possibly try to catch up for its underperformance unless something negative happens and we might look at targets of 980 to about 1000 on the upside.
ET Now: What are your views on the OMCs and especially the likes of BPCL? How is that chart pattern looking?
Mitesh Thacker: In most of the cases, I would say, it is a good time to take profits. These stocks have had a good run-up. On Thursday, we did see some kind of pullback and breakdowns happening. While a couple of these names are still above their short-term averages, they are stretched and the indicators are suggesting that if not a decline, at least some kind of consolidation may happen. BPCL might do a range of roughly about 770 on the upside to about 720. If it breaks 720, we might see a marginal decline to about 685. The other one which is slightly on the bigger side is IOC. That is displaying some kind of negative pattern. It did participate in the last leg and if it breaks 350, we might even look at retesting the levels of around 325 over here.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Hyundai & Maruti lock horns in used car marketMercedes Benz inaugurates Chandigarh's largest dealership
With sales for new cars still sluggish, carmakers’ rivalries seem to have shifted to the larger used car market, which, incidentally, has been showing strong growth of 20-30% in the past few years. In order to boost sales from replacement buyers and compete with Maruti Suzuki’s much larger ‘True Value’ chain, Hyundai, India’s second-largest car brand, is both expanding and replacing its entire used car sales arm to the new global ‘H-Promise’ brand, from the erstwhile ‘Hyundai Advantage’.
Hyundai, which now sees 22% of new car sales coming from exchange deals, from 16% in 2011, aims to up the ratio to over 30%. Its H-Promise brand, which saw volumes grow 18% year-on-year to almost 70,000 used cars in 2013, hopes to increase the used car network to 385 by March 2015, from 330 today. Hyundai’s used car sales have gone up by 75% since 2011 when it sold 40,000 units.
In comparison, market leader Maruti’s 744 True Value outlets have helped generate 27% of new car sales — the company will increase the network to 850 by next year. Maruti’s used car volumes have also risen 18% year-on-year to 2.83 lakh units in fiscal 2013-14, and tripled over the past five years from 1.03 lakh units in FY09.
Maruti’s head for domestic sales and marketing RS Kalsi said in most cases its True Value outlets are profitable on their own, though dealers look at the used car business as an integrated proposition with new car sales. “The market is evolving and for us the True Value outlets ensure that our customers have the comfort of upgrading their cars at a place where they know they will get a right price and that their car will not be sold to an unscrupulous element,” he said.
Rakesh Srivastava, senior VP, marketing & sales, Hyundai Motor India, told FE, “We are re-branding and aligning our network as per our new global dealership space identity, to offer customers Hyundai’s brand ideology of modern, premium and youth.” As part of the strategy, the shift to H-Promise has happened for the used car business, while 40 new car showrooms will also be soon upgraded to align with the global branding. Srivastava, incidentally, is a former Maruti executive.
Kumar Kandaswami, senior director at Deloitte Touche Tohmastu (India), added that the used car market should double in the next two-three years. “Over time the car market will see more depth and segmentation. First-time buyers would want to start with premium cars and more two-wheeler owners will look at owning cars. For these segments, the used car market will be a starting point,” he said.
The domestic used car market has huge potential for two reasons. Firstly, the market today accounts for just about 3 million units and is about 1.2 times bigger than the new car market of 2.5 million units. In comparison, the US used car market is three times bigger, which means India still has a long way to go. Secondly, organised chains such as those from manufacturers like Maruti, Hyundai, and even Mahindra First Choice only account for 20% of the used car market. This again means that the headroom is big.
Incidentally, the growth has been the highest for used luxury cars like BMW, Audi and Mercedes-Benz, with volumes rising 60% to about 30,000 units in 2013-14.
Gaurav Vangaal, automotive analyst for light vehicle forecasting at IHS Automotive, said, “The used car business provides add-on value to the car manufacturers by increasing footfalls at showrooms from customers looking for good deals on new cars. While it may be profitable as a solo business vertical as well, the growth of the used car market indicates that car owners now want to upgrade their vehicles much faster. In fact, the average period of car ownership has fallen to about five from seven in about a decade, and will likely edge towards three years as seen in the developed markets.”
More carmakers are also entering the used car business with a similar objective of boosting new car sales through exchange deals. Renault hopes to start soon, while Volkswagen recently started this business. Ford also hopes to start its in-house financing arm to support growth in its used and new cars business.
“Branded used cars will capture the market because they can offer lower insurance rates and warranty, . Online presence for used car dealers will clearly be the tipping point and help the market grow. Car dealers, especially from smaller players, will also push for a used car business because they would want to add a revenue stream,” Kandaswami said.
The growing interest in the used car business is clearly stoked from the fact that first-time car buyers, usually young people in their first jobs, have been getting risk averse and reluctant to make large purchases at a time when the country’s economic growth is uncertain and job security is a worry.
TAGS: Hyundai Maruti Suzuki
More from automobiles

SBI tightens up on the cost front  Q2 profit up 30%SBI tightens up on the cost front, Q2 profit climbs 30% to Rs 3,100 crore
ET Bureau Nov 15, 2014, 05.37AM IST
Tags:
BSE
(Country's largest bank SBI today…)
MUMBAI: Even as loan growth remained muted this fiscal year, tighter control over expenses and higher earnings from services such as commissions and brokerages helped State Bank of India (SBI) post 30% growth in net profit for September quarter at Rs 3,100 crore. The stock rose 2.5% to close at Rs 2,788 as bad loans fell and earnings were in line with expectations.
Giving an outlook for coming quarters, SBI chairman Arundhati Bhattacharya said the bank expects profit to come from a healthy loan book, while adding that worries on bad debt will continue until the economy revives.
Total expenses at the country's largest bank rose just 2.2% to Rs 9,423 crore while net revenue — net interest income and non-interest income — rose 15% to Rs 17,844 crore. The non-interest income such as earnings from selling third-party products, guarantees, brokerages and fees, rose 40% to Rs 4,570 crore while net interest income was up 8.36% to Rs 13,276 crore.
Giving an outlook for the economy, Bhattacharya said, "The downturn has been very deep and we will see a gradual improvement. But once we see the demand cycle coming back, definitely we will see things happening at a faster pace. The pace will pick up, but for the pace to pick up, we are 12 months away."
On mergers of associate banks with SBI, she said, "We are close to coming with some kind of roadmap and the government is also very eager to find our view on this matter. So, we will come with it very shortly." In the past, two associate banks have been merged with the bank. It currently has five associate banks.
The State Bank of India group posted a 31% rise in net profit at Rs 4,024 crore. State Bank of India's loan book saw 9% growth at Rs 12,42,638 crore. However, on a yearto-date basis (April-September), the loan book shrank Rs 8,300 crore. "So, we are not really seeing a robust growth in loans and therefore, in the next two quarters, we are looking at 11-12% overall growth," Bhattacharya said.
These projections are substantially lower than 15.4% loan growth that the bank registered in the previous fiscal. Deposits rose 14% to Rs 14,73,785 crore, of which the share of lowcost ones - CASA - was 42.79%. Bhattacharya indicated that she was looking forward to a reduction in interest rates by the central bank. Corporate India has been clamouring for the Reserve Bank of India to lower rates at its December 2 monetary policy announcement.
"CPI (consumer price index) numbers clearly show no demand," she said. "When there is no demand, keeping high interest does not serve any purpose. We believe interest should start trending downwards... We believe, by the first quarter of the next year... we will be able the see the downward cycle beginning."
The ratio of gross non-performing assets (NPAs) — bad loans before making provisions — fell to 4.8% to Rs 60,712 crore against 5.6% a year ago. The drop is largely due to a big write-off amounting to Rs 4,787 crore against Rs 1,253 crore in the corresponding quarter a year ago. The bank saw fresh non-performing assets of Rs 7,700 crore, recovery of Rs 965 crore and upgradation of Rs 1,670 crore. Restructured loans stood at Rs 4,351 crore and the bank expects another Rs 3,000 crore will be added in coming quarters.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Gold Posts Biggest Single-Day Gain This Year  Surges by Rs 715Infrastructure Consulting Firms Seek Exemption From Service Tax: Industry Body
New Delhi: Clocking the biggest single-day gain this year, gold prices on Saturday soared by Rs 715 to Rs 26,850 per 10 grams in the national capital on a pick-up in wedding season demand coupled with strong global cues.
A depreciating rupee against dollar, which makes imports of the precious metal costlier, also influenced the sentiment. The rupee closed at a nearly one-month low of 61.72 against the greenback on Friday. ( Read more )
Silver also recorded a gain of Rs 2,100 to Rs 36,700 per kg on increased offtake by industrial units and coin makers.
Sentiment bolstered after gold surged by over $40 to a two-week high of $1,193.34 an ounce in New York on Friday - its highest since October 31. Weakening of the dollar also raised demand of gold as a safe haven and an alternative investment, bullion traders said.
Globally, silver also surged 4.4 per cent to $16.31 an ounce - the highest gain since February 14.
Besides, rising domestic demand from jewellers and retailers for the ongoing wedding season also influenced precious metal prices, they said.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity zoomed up by Rs 715 each to Rs 26,850 and Rs 26,650 per 10 grams, respectively. It had lost Rs 315 in the past two days.
Sovereign moved up by Rs 200 to Rs 23,800 per piece of 8 grams.
Following gold, silver ready spurted by Rs 2,100 to Rs 36,700 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 2,031 to Rs 36,030 per kg.
Silver coins flared up by Rs 3,000 to Rs 60,000 for buying and Rs 61,000 for selling of 100 pieces.
Story first published on: November 15, 2014 14:51 (IST)

Poachers gun down adult rhino  take away horn in AssamBy: Press Trust of India | Morigaon | Posted: November 15, 2014 3:48 pm
An adult male rhino was gunned down and its horn taken away by poachers in Pobitora Wildlife Sanctuary on Saturday, taking the toll of rhinos killed by poachers here this year to two, a forest official said.
A group of three poachers shot dead the rhino in wee hours near Hahsora forest camp before taking away the horn, the official said.
Hearing gunshots, the Forest Vigilance Squad searched the area and found the carcass of the pachyderm, he said.
A massive dragnet has been spread with the help of police to trap the poachers, the official added.
Another adult rhino was killed and its horn taken away earlier this year at the sanctuary.
The 38 sq km Pobitora Wildlife Sanctuary, located in the western part of the district and adjacent to Guwahati, harbours the densest population of Great Indian One-horned rhinoceros in the world with over 90 rhinos in its only 16 sq km effective rhino habitat.
The sanctuary had reopened for tourists on November 2 after a routine closure of four months during the monsoons. Pobitora has leopards, wild boar, barking deer, wild buffalo, etc, and is also home to more than 2000 migratory birds and various reptiles, the official said.

AAP s poll promises for youth: 20 new colleges  Wi-Fi across DelhiComments
An educational degree, jobs and internet is what the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) promised to the youth of the city if it is voted to power again.
AAP convener Arvind Kejriwal addresses supporters at the launch of party's Delhi Dialogue in New Delhi. (PTI Photo)
The first in a series of public outreach programmes, AAP’s Delhi Dialogue on Saturday at Jantar Mantar served as the ground for the party’s declaration of its five-point blueprint for Delhi youth. 
The five-point agenda announcement by the party came in front of a sea of supporters — young and old people, men and women.
The agenda lists affordable education, jobs, emphasis on sports and sporting facilities, free wifi and a fight against drugs as the party’s primary goals to empower youth.
“For the youth, the biggest problem is higher education. Close to 1.5 lakh students pass Class 12 in the city each year. Many of them don’t get admission in colleges. We will set up 20 colleges in the outskirts of Delhi. Wherever villagers are ready to provide land to us we will build new colleges. Along with conventional courses, these colleges will also focus on vocational education,” said the party’s chief ministerial candidate, Arvind Kejriwal.
The party has also promised scholarships, fee waivers and loans to students who have passed class 12 exams from Delhi and have got admission in a college in the city. The government will act as a guarantor for these loans.
To push job creation, AAP is also planning to set up incubation centres to encourage youth to become job creators instead of employees.
“Of the 29 industrial areas in Delhi, around 20 are lying empty because there is no water, power or roads to set up industries there. We have created a roadmap to create between 7 lakh and 10 lakh jobs in five years. In the Delhi government alone there are 55,000 vacancies and these are for posts such as teachers, doctors, nurses etc,” Kejriwal said.
According to rough estimates, more than 5,000 people attended Saturday’s event. The crowd was varied and had people from all walks of life. A large number of auto rickshaw drivers also came to show their support for the party.
The event was attended by a number of senior AAP leaders, including the likes of Yogendra Yadav, Meera Sanyal, Bhagwant Mann, Sanjay Singh and Gopal Rai. “The education model proposed by AAP is something that every government will follow in the coming two years,” claimed Yogendra Yadav. 
The event also saw the presence of National Skill Development Council chief operating officer Atul Bhatnagar, who attended Delhi Dialogue in his personal capacity. Mahesh Murthy, founder Seedfund, was also present and emphasized on the importance of the internet.
“Our new motto should be roti, kapda, makaan aur internet. The internet empowers people,” Murthy said.
According to AAP leaders, Delhi Dialogue will be an ongoing process. The next one is planned for the party’s foundation day, November 26 and will be on women issues.

Why DGM India is betting on shared living-an...Delhi College of Engineering
(For startups, co-living…)
In college, Maneesh Disodia, 25, kept odd hours. An MTech student at Delhi College of Engineering, his day began around 11 am and ended by 9 pm. In that time he would wrap up all that he needed to do — classes, studies, socializing, dinner and calls to parents.
After 9 pm, Disodia wouldn't hit the sack. Rather, he would join a gang of 12 — from all over the world, split into two teams — to play the online game Dota2. "Nothing else mattered more," he grins. His parents and girlfriend worried.
Then, in the summer of 2014, Disodia landed his 'dream' job in a digital media company — a cue perhaps for him to give up his unique nightlife. Not really. "I have a job, but my hostel life and gaming continues," he says with an even wider grin.
Disodia works with DGM India, an arm of SVG Media, a digital media network that is present in India, south-east Asia and the Middle East. With over 200 employees, DGM India says it is India's largest ad network after Google and Facebook in terms of audience reach. It also claims to be the only digital media company whose Indian operations are cash-positive.
DGM India's attempts at innovation extend beyond its core business — to the way it works, too. Consider: it has leased an apartment where five fresh engineering graduates live and work. With a cook, a caretaker and a high-speed internet connection, their home is their office, with the company bearing all expenses. The young recruits have no work schedules, only project deadlines. The initiative has been christened DGM Labs.
"We wanted to create a separate space where we hire top talent and let them loose in a controlled environment to do some exciting work," explains Manish Vij, co-founder of SVG Media. The experiment is working very well, he adds.
Disodia is one of the five fresh grads in the five-bedroom apartment, one of which has been converted into a gym, and other into an office. Another is Amit Sharma, 21, a Delhi College of Engineering grad who gave the go-by to a lucrative job offer from Toshiba Japan — in the area of electronic chip design — to join DGM Labs. Reason: "No boundaries, and college-like culture — and their offer to live and work out of an apartment was really cool," he says.
It was something similar for Satish Prakash Garg, 24, a computer science graduate from BITS Pilani. "I hate schedules and structures and am not meant for an office job. So when this offer came along, I was delighted," Garg says.
  A Global Trend
SVG Media may be a pioneer in India but shared living-and-working is a global trend, with startups, especially in Silicon Valley, embracing it heartily. Enplug, a digital signage startup, was born in 2012 in Los Angeles with five co-founders who lived and worked together out of an apartment. As it added people, it moved to bigger apartments. San Francisco-based customer loyalty service firm FiveStars Inc — backed by high-profile investors like Y Combinator and LightSpeed — does something similar. According to media reports, it rents houses in cities across the US in which staffers work and sleep.
And then there is the 5,000 sq ft Rainbow Mansion in Silicon Valley, a commune of people which wants to change the world. It has a bio lab and a workshop in the garage, with the house itself built around a dining room and library. It has residents from different countries and top-notch companies such as Google, NASA and Tesla. It organizes regular discussions on issues like freedom and privacy and has regular talks by founders of some of the coolest startups. In the process many startups — like OpenROV and Cosmogia — got seeded here.
For startups, co-living offers many advantages. It helps keep costs low, and it keeps the team together in the early days when intense collaboration is required. "When we are grappling with a problem we often discuss with each other to find answers," says Shashikant Lanka, 21, an MSc (economics) from BITS Pilani, who is a member of the DGM co-living team.
Co-living fits in well with the startup work culture dominated by young, single workers for whom boundaries between work and life are blurred. Also, amid tough competition from recruiters, SVG's unique proposition of living-and-working out of an apartment gave them an edge.
Different models of co-living are emerging. Some startups begin their journey with all their founders living and working out of an apartment; like Enplug. And then there are those that, after gaining some scale, locate a specific team to incubate a project; like SVG Media is doing.
The Genesis

How Modi govt plans to roll out  Make in India  to revive manufacturingAdi Godrej
( That pulse has of course…)
Since the second half of 2014, Indian CEOs have almost magically transformed into an upbeat and zealous lot, spotting along with hope on the nottoo-distant horizon those inevitable green shoots sprouting on what at the beginning of the year resembled distinctly parched land.
In line with that bubbly and breezy mood are the results of an online survey of a little over 100 head honchos of India Inc conducted jointly by industry lobby CII and the Boston Consulting Group (BCG), and whose results were released a couple of days ago. In their own words, "the CII-BCG Manufacturing Leadership Survey 2014 was launched to gauge the pulse of industry leaders on the current scenario and future prospects for the Indian manufacturing sector". That pulse has of course quickened since the Narendra Modi sarkar picked up the reins, and on it are the fingers of moneybag investors, both foreign and Indian. The survey for its part displayed in abundance the optimism of domestic CEOs: for instance, 85% of those surveyed expect manufacturing growth of between 5% and 10% in the next five years (against 3.4% in the past five).
That's the headline number. But it gets better. One of the posers shot at the corporate chieftains was what would they like Indian manufacturing to be known for by 2020. The options: The 'next Germany' (most preferred for top-quality manufacturing), the 'next China' (most preferred for low-cost manufacturing), global leader in low-cost innovation, or jugaad, or tech and process leader in select manufacturing sectors, like Thailand.
New-found Ambition
The most popular answer was not unpredictably a reflection of the new-found ambition and optimism — a year ago if CEOs said they expect India to be the next Germany in six to seven years, they would have been considered delusive, and would even be in real danger of getting the boot; not any longer. All of 37% of those surveyed want India to be known as the next Germany; only 21% wanted India to usurp China's position as a low-cost manufacturing hub; and best of all, less than a fifth reckoned India should pursue the path of jugaad.
The confidence that India Inc exudes — and which is captured succinctly by the CII-BCG survey — stems to a large extent from an initiative
prime minister Modi announced from the ramparts of Red Fort on Independence Day: Make in India, a programme that aims to boost investments and encourage innovation by creating world-class manufacturing infrastructure and making it easier to do business in transparent and credit-friendly environs. And, yes, if India has to get there, jugaad has to go out of the window.
In the next few months, the government will roll out the Make in India campaign state by state, following a hub and spoke model (the hub being Delhi). Each state would be accorded a sector that it has earned its spurs in. For instance, automobiles could well be the focus sector in Tamil Nadu (home to factories of Ashok Leyland, Ford, Nissan and Hyundai, amongst others) or Haryana (Hero MotoCorp, Honda Motorcycle & Scooter India and Maruti Suzuki). "The challenge is to make this manufacturing campaign exciting. As we go to the states, the campaign will be blended with cultural and other entertainment programmes so that the locals get on board," says a team member working on the campaign on the condition of anonymity.
Also, roadshows are being planned in 12 industrial towns, including Coimbatore, Pune and Indore. Here, the focus would be to woo small and medium enter-prises (SMEs). As ET Magazine has learnt, there will be a special effort to spot "smart makers". The idea, according to the plan, is to motivate young people to turn manufacturers. "The next generation of factory owners are well-educated but they are moving away from their fathers' or grandfathers' factories. Our aim will be to bring them back to manufacturing," says the team member.
The lion symbol, which Modi himself chose for its tenacity and courage, is also being developed for language markets in India and abroad. The symbol will remain the same, but local fonts — both Indian and foreign languages — would be used for the words Make in India. So, in Japan, it would be in Japanese and in Germany, it will be in German.
"In Make in India, there is a huge emphasis on quality and sustainability. While India has been a reluctant manufacturing nation and a late urbanizer, there are huge advantages. We can today learn from the rest of the world, use the latest technology and leapfrog," says Amitabh Kant, secretary, department of industrial policy and promotion (DIPP), the nodal government agency managing the Make in India campaign (see This is just the beginning).
  The Challenges

Vladimir Putin to cut short G20 summit after rebukes over UkraineRussian President Vladimir Putin intends to cut short his attendance at G20 summit in Australia.
By: Agence-France Presse | Brisbane | Posted: November 15, 2014 11:31 pm
Russian President Vladimir Putin intends to cut short his attendance at G20 summit in Australia, an official said today, after he faced Western scorn and scepticism over Ukraine despite venturing to paper over Europe’s deepest chill in relations since the Cold War.
The abrupt decision threatens to upend the annual summit’s focus on revamping the global economy and addressing the Ebola epidemic in west Africa.
“The programme of the second day (Sunday) is changing, it’s being cut short,” a source in the Russian delegation told AFP on condition of anonymity.
Putin will attend summit sessions on Sunday but will skip an official lunch and address reporters earlier than planned, the source said, adding: “Lunch is more of an entertainment.”
But the Kremlin, mindful that Putin’s exit might further stoke tensions, quickly moved to quash speculation that the Russian strongman was leaving early and that “no one is putting pressure”.
“The G20 summit will be over tomorrow (Sunday), Putin will certainly leave it, when all the work is completed the president will leave,” Putin’s spokesman Dmitry Peskov said on Russian radio.
The Group of 20 nations, which includes the United States and China, found agreement in vowing to “extinguish” the Ebola outbreak — albeit without any promise of hard cash — as it worked to reboot growth in the world economy after the shock of the 2008 financial crisis.
But Ukraine is the most pressing test of the club’s ability to marry its economic heft to diplomatic troubleshooting, given the Cold War-style divisions between Russia and the West exposed by the former Soviet satellite’s separatist crisis.
Today, in a further acknowledgement that the Kremlin-backed statelets in Ukraine are effectively breaking away, President Petro Poroshenko issued a decree ordering the withdrawal of all state services from rebel-held eastern regions.
And officials said five civilians, including two children, and three more Ukrainian soldiers died in the latest fighting north of Donetsk yesterday.
There was no immediate comment from the G20’s Australian hosts or other delegations such as US President Barack Obama’s to Putin’s decision to leave early, which came after some testy exchanges in Brisbane today.

Exchange of information and mutual assistance in tax policy important: PM NarendraModiPM Modi with President of China Xi Jinping, U.S. President Obama, UK Prime Minister David Cameron and other leaders posing for the family photo during the G 20 Summit in Brisbane (Source: PTI photo)
Written by P Vaidyanathan Iyer | Posted: November 16, 2014 8:41 am | Updated: November 16, 2014 9:48 am
Taking his domestic agenda of black money to the G20 high table, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday asked all jurisdictions, especially the tax havens, to provide information for tax purposes in accordance with treaty obligations.
Addressing the G20 plenary session “Delivering Global Economic Resilience”, the Indian Prime Minister said with increased mobility of capital and technology creating new opportunities for tax avoidance and profit sharing, close coordination between countries was important.
According to Modi, India supported a global standard on automatic exchange of information. “It would be instrumental in getting information about unaccounted money hoarded abroad and enable its eventual repatriation,” he said.
“Close coordination was not just important for addressing the challenge of black money, but also security issues like terrorism, drug trafficking and arms smuggling,” Modi said. “I support all initiatives to facilitate exchange of information and mutual assistance in tax policy and administration,” he added.
With the world economy still to emerge out of the woods, Modi said there was need for policy coordination among the major countries remained srtrong. “Although each of us have our domestic priorities, coordinated decisions may help us all in the long run,” he added.

Ruble rebounds from brink  but Russians stil...Ruble rebounds from brink, but Russians wary
AFP Nov 16, 2014, 09.30AM IST
Tags:
Currency
(The ruble has been sliding…)
MOSCOW: Russians sighed with relief when the ruble rebounded in recent days, but with painful memories of the financial crisis still fresh, many are rattled and fear the respite could prove short-lived.
The ruble has been sliding for months, but it turned into a plunge at the beginning of the month, with the currency losing nearly 10 per cent of its value in the space of just a few days amid renewed tensions over Ukraine and a fall in global oil prices that threatens Russia's finances.
"I was scared," said Natalia, a 26-year-old Muscovite. "At first, I thought it was about (forex) speculation and that it would right itself. But now there is great uncertainty."
The ruble has now shed a quarter of its value against the euro and almost a third against the dollar since the beginning of the year, crimping the purchasing power of Russian consumers and putting the worth of savings in domestic currency at risk.
Natalia, a marketing specialist, said she first planned to protect her savings from devaluation by converting part of her nest egg into foreign currencies, but changed her mind as the ruble's fall eased.
And now? "I haven't got a clue," she said, convinced that the crisis is far from over.
Queues have built up outside some ATMs and currency exchange points amid rising demand for foreign currency.
While not yet widespread, the phenomenon has sparked concerns that the situation is not far from a total panic that could put the ruble into an uncontrollable downward spiral.
Russia's central bank -- publicly backed by President Vladimir Putin -- seems to have managed to calm the mood by clarifying its policies and warning speculators of shock interventions in the event of a threat to the financial system.
The ruble rebounded, but did not come close to regaining the ground it lost at the beginning of the month nor enough to stem another rise in consumer prices as inflation is already rising more than 8 per cent.
Russia "came within a whisper of a full blown currency crisis," said Chris Weafer, a senior partner at Macro Advisory consultancy. But "some major threats remain," he added.
Russia's economy and particularly its banking sector have been hard-hit by unprecedented Western sanctions imposed over the Kremlin's alleged role in the Ukraine crisis.
With oil prices having plunged by 30 per cent since June to under $80 a barrel, Russia's government is under added pressure as oil along with natural gas provides most of the country's tax revenues.
The factors that led the ruble to plummet -- the Ukraine crisis and low oil prices -- "are still in place, which means that the ruble will continue to fall", said Igor Nikolayev, head of the FBK Strategic Analysis Institute, quoted by RBK business news website.
"The economic turmoil will not end any time soon." Even though Putin's approval rating has skyrocketed in a surge of nationalist fervour fuelled by government propaganda, households have never been so pessimistic about their living standards, according to the latest opinion polls.
The economic turbulence in recent days has revived painful memories of the turmoil that followed the Soviet Union's collapse, and particularly the 1998 government default with the ensuing collapse of the ruble and a series of bank failures.
Ten years later, the country again suffered heavily, this time from the effects of the global financial crisis which saw oil lose three-quarters of its value.
  The ruble then fell by nearly 40 per cent in six months against the dollar and the economy shrank nearly 8 per cent.
But compared to the past crises, which were followed by a strong economic rebound, "the key difference is the political element", said Weafer, since no solution is in sight to Russia's standoff with the West over Ukraine.
Even before Ukraine became a full-blown geopolitical crisis the outlook for the Russian economy was not rosy as structural reforms and investment were needed to spur further growth.
In the third quarter of 2014, economic growth slowed to just 0.7 per cent year-on-year, according to official data released on Thursday, and both the government and economists warn that the worst is still to come.
"The looming recession will be milder but more prolonged than the 2008-2009 crisis," said HSBC's chief economist for Russia, CIS and the Baltics, Alexander Morozov.
"This time, we see a structural recession (...) with no quick and easy way out of it."
FEATURED ARTICLES

G20 Summit: PM Modi urges for  close coordination  on black moneyComments
Raising the issue of black money during the G20 Summit meeting in Brisbane, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday stated that India supports all initiatives which facilitates automatic exchange of information among nations that ultimately helps in tracing unaccounted money and its eventual repatriation.
 
In series of tweets, Ministry of External Affairs (MEA) official spokesperson, Syed Akbaruddin’s twitter handle revealed Prime Minister Modi’s intervention on issues of tax evasion at the G20 Summit.
 
“We support new global standard on automatic exchange of information. It would be instrumental in getting information at unaccounted money hoarded abroad and enable its eventual repatriation. I support all initiatives to facilitate exchange of information and mutual assistance in tax policy and administration,” Akbaruddin tweeted.
 
Prime Minister Modi also stressed on co-ordinated decision making in tackling the challenge of tax avoidation and profit shifting and urged nations which are tax havens to share information for tax purposes in accordance with treaty obligations.
 
“Need for policy coordination among major economies remains strong. Although we each have our domestic priorities, co-ordinated decisions may help us all in the long run. Increased mobility of capital and technology have created new opportunities for avoiding tax and profit shifting. Urge every jurisdiction, especially tax havens, to provide information for tax purposes in accordance with treaty obligation,” Akbaruddin's Twitter handle revealed.
 
"Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (BEPS) system would fully address concerns of developing and developed economies,"Akbaruddin tweeted quoting Prime Minsiter Modi's speech at G20 Summit.
 
Akbaruddin’s twitter handle further wrote about Prime Minister Modi pointing to the growing cyber threat in addition to black money that posed a security challenge in areas like terrorism, drug trafficking and arms smuggling.
 
“Close coordination is important not just for also addressing the challenge of black money, but also security issues like terrorism, drug trafficking, arms smuggling. Resilience of our financial system will also depend on cyber security,” Akbaruddin further tweeted.
 
Earlier on Sunday Prime Minister Modi began his day by meeting German Chancellor Angela Merkel. He is slated to meet Spanish Prime Minister and also unveil a Gandhi statue among others later in the day.
 
On Saturday, Prime Minister Modi had a packed schedule, meeting leaders of BRICS, and having one-on-one interactions with leaders from France, Canada and Saudi Arabia.
 
During his meetings with BRICS leaders, Prime Minister Modi reiterated his priority of repatriating black money deposited by indians in foreign banks, and also underlined the need for fast tracking the establishment of a BRICS development bank.
 
Prime Minister Modi was accorded a red-carpet welcome by his Australian counterpart Tony Abbott upon his arrival at the Queensland Parliament for the G20 Summit. He also met with the U.S. President Barack Obama.
 
After attending the G20 Summit in Brisbane, Prime Minister Modi is scheduled to travel to Sydney, where he will attend a reception organized by and for the Indian Diaspora.
 
Prime Minister Modi will then travel to Canberra and address the special joint sitting of the Australian Parliament on November 18. He will also address an Indian community event in Melbourne before travelling to Fiji.
Leaders meet at the first plenary session at the G20 summit in Brisbane, Australia Saturday. (AP Photo)

NOTA: Not exercising the right to vote is very much a rightprint
Election duty staff ink marks a voter's finger at a poling booth in Bangalore during the Karnataka Assembly Election. (UNI Photo)
Should voting be compulsory? You may think that’s a strange question but it’s also a very interesting one, as I hope to reveal. Second, you can argue convincingly on both sides of this question although I would say one has decidedly more weight. That adds to my interest in this matter, which I hope you will share.
The argument in favour of compulsory voting rests on the assertion that in a democracy voting is a duty and its corollary that the greater the number of people voting the richer and, therefore, the better the quality of that democracy. Therefore, making this duty compulsory seems a logical thing to do.
If democracy is government of the people, by the people and for the people then, ipso facto, the greater the involvement of the people the truer and purer the democracy that will emerge. That sounds simple but is it convincing? Wait and see.
The case against comprises two parts. In a democracy the size and scale of India compulsory voting is impractical. India has 83 crore or 830 million voters. If 10% choose not to vote could you really impose fines, leave aside jail terms, on such a large number? We’re talking eight crore or 80 million. And if you go by the voter turnout in May, the number that would have to be punished for not voting jumps to 28 crore, that’s 280 million!
No doubt democracies like Australia, Belgium and Switzerland have compulsory voting. But they are small and the consequence of failing to vote can easily be handled and contained. In India, it would magnify to monstrous proportions.
However, the greater argument against compulsory voting is in terms of its constitutionality. Here I have two points to make. First, voting is a right which automatically entails the right not to exercise it. To make my point clear let me put it like this: can you really make it compulsory for someone to exercise his rights if he doesn’t want to? In a democracy that would be contradictory!
Second, voting is an extension of the fundamental right of free expression, which intrinsically includes the right to silence. Forcing me to vote would breach that freedom. After all, the right not to vote is equal to the right to vote for those who choose not to!
But there’s a problem here. Well-established freedom-upholding democracies like Australia, Belgium and France (at the senate level) have compulsory voting and, therefore, don’t worry about the implied breach of freedom of expression. Either they don’t care, which is unlikely, or, clearly, there are two views about this.
Now, I’m confident the Gujarat government’s decision to make voting compulsory in local body elections will be challenged all the way to the Supreme Court. The key question is whether judges will see this as a right that cannot be made compulsory or as a duty that needs to be enforced. I can’t wait to find out.
Meanwhile, as soon as the rules are framed, the people of Gujarat will be forced to vote in local elections. But what would be the penalty if they fail to do so?
If there’s no penalty there’s hardly any compulsion. If the penalty is minor and insignificant many might not worry about it. But if it’s truly stringent it might disproportionately hurt the poor and the disadvantaged, a majority of our country. So what will it be?
 
The Gujarat government has still to make a decision. It’s not going to be an easy one.
The views expressed by the author are personal
 

India seeks to cash in on demand for ancient...You are here: Home > Collections > Dabur
India seeks to cash in on global demand for ancient remedies
AFP Nov 16, 2014, 09.51AM IST
Tags:
aayush
(India claims to have natural…)
NEW DELHI: The government has launched a drive to promote the country's ancient therapies as it seeks to cash in on the multi-billion dollar global market for holistic medicine.
India claims to have natural remedies for everything from cancer to the common cold, but ministers say it has failed to capitalise on its traditions as the world has woken up to alternative medicine.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, a teetotal vegetarian who practices yoga daily, has said he wants the world to make Ayurveda "a way of life" -- and in doing so expand India's share of the growing global market for holistic medicine.
Earlier this month he appointed India's first minister for Ayurveda, yoga, naturopathy, Unani, Siddha and homeopathy -- known as the AAYUSH ministry -- and has also called for an international yoga day.
"Call it whatever -- Ayurvedic medicines or herbal medicines or traditional medicines -- the global market is estimated at about $100 billion today," former health minister Harsh Vardhan told a recent conference on Ayurveda in New Delhi.
"India's share in this is negligible because quality standards are not maintained to international specifications. The government has decided to address this lacuna."
Ayurvedic medicine -- which means the "science of life" in Sanskrit -- treats the physical and mental sources of illness through, for example, prescribing herbs in conjunction with yoga or massage.
Much of the knowledge has been passed on through the generations by word of mouth and predates written records, but two volumes of remedies and prescriptions have survived, called the Charaka Samhita and the Sushruta Samhita.
Critics say that Ayurvedic remedies have no proven curative properties for disease, and instead work as a placebo.
"It's like superstition -- it's in your head that it helps. But in real life, you need actual pharma drugs," said P.K. Goyal, a Delhi-based physician.
But Modi, who as a young man wandered the Himalayas on a spiritual quest, said Ayurvedic remedies should be seen as complementary to modern medicine.
"If a person adopts Ayurveda, he can protect himself against various infections," said the 64-year-old.
"(Formerly) health was a part of life. But today we have outsourced health... we consult one doctor and then the other."
In India, companies such as Dabur, Emami and the Himalaya group have pioneered herbal products, combining ancient traditional medicine with cutting-edge technology to make pills, creams and oils.
Ayurvedic centres and clinics have also sprung up in Europe and the United States in recent years, and global chain The Body Shop has created its own range of Ayurvedic products.
On Tuesday the new AAYUSH minister, Shripad Yesso Naik, said he would make promoting Ayurveda a "high priority" as he began his newly-created role.
"We will do whatever it takes to make India a healthy India in the days ahead," he said, praising the preventive qualities of yoga and Ayurveda.
According to the World Health Organization, 65 per cent of India's rural population uses Ayurvedic remedies, mostly due to poor access to modern health facilities.
  Modi has vowed to provide affordable healthcare to India, where nearly 25 per cent of the population lives on less than $1.25 a day and more than 40 million people have been pushed into poverty because of the cost of medical treatment.
His government, which swept to power in May on a promise to revive India's flagging economy, has already announced plans to establish a state-funded Ayurvedic research centre and hospital.
And many are already converted to the drive. One fan at the conference -- where everything from massage chairs to digestion and blood pressure pills were on display -- needed no further persuading.
"It's natural, so no side effects, and it's cheap," said 20-year-old Delhi student Ashima Beri.
"Honestly, these worked on my acne better than any other cream or drug."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Narendra Modi meets David Cameron  Shinzo Abe at G -20 Summitpicture  others
Narendra Modi meets David Cameron, Shinzo Abe at G -20 Summit
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi met with his British counterpart David Cameron during the G20 summit in Brisbane. (Source: PTI)
Modi and Cameron discussed a wide range of bilateral issues. (Source: PTI)
It was the two leaders first meeting.  (Source: PTI)
British Prime Minister David Cameron told PM Modi that relations with India were at the top of priorities of his country's foreign policy. (Source: PTI)
Modi is the first Indian PM to visit Australia in 28 years. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi shakes hands with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe at a meeting over dinner in Brisbane, Australia on Friday. (Source: PTI)
Brisbane: Prime Minister Narendra Modi during a visit to Queensland University of Technology in Brisbane, Australia on Friday. (Source: PTI)
Within hours of landing in Brisbane for the two-day Group of 20 Leaders Summit starting Saturday, Prime Minister Narendra Modi stepped out for a visit to the Queensland University of Technology (QUT). (Source: PTI)
“The Prime Minister will go through a demonstration of some scientific projects, some of which are jointly funded by Australia and India,” an Indian government official said. He is also likely to interact with QUT academicians and hear more about India-Australia joint projects such as bio fortification of banana, integrated bio fuel project and robotics in agriculture, among others. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi listens to an expert of biotechnology processes during a visit to Queensland University of Technology in Brisbane, Australia on Friday. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi signs on an Agro Robot during a visit to Queensland University of Technology in Brisbane, Australia on Friday. (Source: PTI)
Related

JCBs Jaipur unit goes on streamUpdated: November 15, 2014 19:21 IST
JCB’s Jaipur unit goes on stream
Vinaya Deshpande
Tweet
PTI
Rajasthan Chief Minister Vasundhara Raje with JCB Group Chairman Lord Bamford DL during the inauguration of JCB Manufacturing plant at Bagru Village in Jaipur on Friday.
TOPICS
manufacturing and engineering
The Manufacturing sector will have to be made fashionable for youths, to ensure consistent high growth rate of Indian economy, Amitabh Kant, Secretary of Industrial Policy and Promotion, said here on Friday. He was talking at the inauguration of JCB's largest facility in India built at an investment of Rs. 500 crore. The two plants in the facility were inaugurated by Rajasthan Chief Minister Vasundhara Raje and JCB Group chairperson Lord Bamford.
“Manufacturing, and not service sector, will have to be the key factor of growth. To create jobs for our young, the key challenge is to grow at 9 to 10 per cent consistently for three decades or more. This means we will have to attain manufacturing rate of 13 to 14 per cent. For this, manufacturing will have to be made fashionable for young Indians,” Mr. Kant said, adding that he was confident Mr. Bamford will make manufacturing fashionable in India.
He said that the company will have a huge market in the rapidly urbanising scenario in the country. “India will see unprecedented urbanisation in the coming three decades. Construction will be the highest in 5000 years. There is a need for good, scientific construction in compressed manner,” he said.
The construction sector is expected to attract huge Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) in coming future.
Mr. Bamford unveiled the 2,00,000th JCB machine manufactured in India, on this occasion. He declared that the company has introduced load-on machine, which is a new technology for the country.
“The pride I feel today is immense as two new factories have been inaugurated at the same time. This is overwhelming,” he said. JCB had entered the Indian market in 1979.
The Jaipur facility is now the largest in the country. The two factories constructed on one million square feet land, are spread over 115 acres land. At present, 160 persons have been employed in the factories, but the total employment capacity can be expanded to 1000.
Speaking on the occasion, Rajasthan Chief Minister Ms. Raje said the government had the challenge of creating 15 lakh employment opportunities for the youths in five years. “Our government plans to make it easy for people to bring business here. We are in the process of improving skills on shop floor. Our skilled people will match stride as you grow here,” she said.
British High Commissioner to India Sir James Bevan said United Kingdom agreed with Prime Minister Narendra Modi's vision of 'Make in India and sell in other countries'. “JCB is making in India and making India. UK companies are the largest single companies investing in India. India needs infrastructure and U.K. companies are brilliant in creating infrastructure. U.K. is a friend India needs,” he said.
Industrialist Adi Godrej, Union Minister of State Rajyavardhan Rathore, JCB Group CEO Graeme Macdonald, JCB India MD and CEO Vipin Sondhi, were some of the dignitaries present for the inauguration.

DDA Finalises Date for Housing Scheme DrawYou are here: Home Your Money
DDA Finalises Date for Housing Scheme Draw
NDTV | Updated On: November 14, 2014 21:32 (IST)
RBI Doubles Pre-Paid Card Limit to Rs 1 Lakh
The Delhi Development Authority (DDA) will hold the computerised draw of lots for its Housing Scheme 2014 at around 12:00 noon on Monday, vice chairman Balvinder Kumar told NDTV.
Attributing the delay to technical reasons, Mr Kumar said the draw process is taking around 6-7 hours during its testing and the housing authority would like to bring down the time period.
The draw would be held at the DDA headquarters, 'Vikas Sadan'.
The tentative date for the draw of lots was scheduled for November 14. The housing authority has been conducting dry runs since Monday to check its preparedness. There are over 25,000 flats on offer cross various categories.
Launched on September 1, the housing scheme drew a strong response. DDA has received over 10 lakh applications for the flagship 'Housing Scheme 2014 and about 17 lakh application forms were sold. The last date for the scheme was October 9 initially but was extended till October 15.
The housing authority for the first time would also be "webcasting live" the entire draw on the internet with a dedicated URL for the same.
"We have created a dedicated website ( www.ddadrawlive.in ) for the draw, and instead of directly webcasting through a YouTube channel, we later decided to create a separate window for the event altogether, where online user can see the proceedings live," DDA director (systems) V S Tomar said.
(With agency inputs)

JCB Group CEO optimistic about Indian marketUpdated: November 15, 2014 19:58 IST
We are optimistic about Indian market, JCB CEO Graeme Macdonald
Vinaya Deshpande
Tweet
PTI
Rajasthan Chief Minister Vasundhara Raje with JCB Group Chairman Lord Bamford during the inauguration of JCB Manufacturing plant at Bagru Village in Jaipur on Friday.
TOPICS
company information
Even as other emerging markets like China, Russia, Brazil face a downhill, India is the only emerging market JCB is optimistic about, JCB Group CEO Graeme Macdonald said in Jaipur on Friday. He also expressed optimism about growth due to government-change. He was speaking on the sidelines of JCB's largest manufacturing facility in India, set up 35 kilometres from Jaipur.
“In the (new) government, lot of action is taking place at policy level. Real growth will happen in the second half of next year. We are very optimistic about it. We are very optimistic that policy will come into action,” Vipin Sondhi, MD and CEO of JCB India, said.
Mr. Macdonald said that the gross revenue from JCB India was Rs. 5,500 crore. “India shares around 20 per cent proportion of the world's revenue, and it is only set to expand with such facilities. Currently, Russia is facing problems about investors, and we don't think it will come back for a long time. Generally, the world market is down. It is being driven by the sheer scale of South Asian market. The fastest growing markets are U.K. and North America,” he said.
The company has claimed that every direct job it offers, creates a potential for seven indirect jobs in the country. “With every machine we sell, we directly employ three persons. We have created six lakh jobs till now,” Mr. Sondhi said.
He said that the company has consistently invested in India even during the period of global slowdown and financial crisis.
“We share a lot in common with Indians. From our experience with our staff here, we know that Indians have boundless enthusiasm. They have true grit and determination to make the best of every situation,” JCB Group chairperson Lord Bamford said.
He and the senior management refused to give any projections about the number of units the company intends to produce in the country, or the kind of investment it intends to do in the future.
“We will create capacity as market grows. If you see, all forecasts made till now have gone wrong. We don't want to forecast,” Mr. Sondhi said.
The company aims at building higher capability for engineering-based products in India, which now accounts for 20 per cent export share of the company. It intends to take forward its role as number one provider of loader-all machinery in the country's fast-growing construction market. “We will make it safest for Swatchh Bharat, for most cost-effective solution for urbanisation,” Mr. Sondhi said. It also intends to work further on training youths for skill development, in collaboration with the local authorities.
JCB exports to 53 countries, and its India facilities provide for 20 per cent of its total exports.
The company will soon venture into gensets. It has already expanded in the apparels segment by manufacturing safety shoes. “Our theme is safety. We are doing brand extension extensively. I have been told that in the past one year, seven million items were sold with JCB written on it,” Mr. Bamford said.

 Reform Process Bound to Face Resistance: PM ModiRBI to Ease Rates by 0.5 Per Cent in 2015, First Cut Likely in February: Morgan Stanley
Brisbane: As he seeks to accelerate his economic reform drive, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday said the reform process is bound to face resistance and that he wanted it to be insulated from political pressures.
Making a strong pitch for economic reforms, PM Modi told fellow G20 leaders at a Retreat here that reforms should lead to simplification of processes and that methods of governance must be reformed.
The retreat was hosted by Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott at the Queensland Parliament House where the leaders met without aides shortly before the annual summit of the 20 industrialised and major economies kicked off at the Brisbane Convention Centre in the afternoon.
A barbeque lunch was served to the G20 leaders.
"Reform is bound to face resistance...must be insulated from political pressures," Mr Modi said.
The Prime Minister also made it clear that reform has to be driven by the people and that it cannot be undertaken by "stealth".
Asserting that reform must be people-centric and people-driven, he said globally reforms are handicapped with perception of being government programmes and a burden on the people and this needs to change.
Noting that reform is a continuous multi-stage process and that it must be institutionalised, the Prime Minister said it must be technology-driven and must have scale and address root causes.
External Affairs Ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin told reporters Friday that Prime Minister Abbott had specially requested Mr Modi to outline his vision for reforms at the informal meeting of G20 leaders at the retreat in addition to his intervention at the main summit.
Story first published on: November 15, 2014 11:13 (IST)

Britannia eyes Bangladesh  Sri Lanka marketsUpdated: August 12, 2014 22:25 IST
Britannia eyes Bangladesh, Sri Lanka markets
Indrani Dutta
Varun Berry. Photo: Ashoke Chakrabarty
TOPICS
business (general)
Britannia Industries Ltd (BIL) is looking at an entry into Bangladesh and Sri Lanka. The company which makes biscuits, cakes and rusk, is also planning to launch a disruptive product within this year.
“We are planning to revisit the SAARC countries. Bangladesh has a very big population, their habits are close to us…. some preliminary work has begun” Varun Berry, Managing Director, said at a press meet here on Tuesday. The company was also eyeing a presence in Sri Lanka. He was elaborating on points made by Chairman Nusli Wadia at the company’s annual general meeting.
Britannia is putting in place several strategies to emerge as the market leader in the Rs.25,000-crore biscuit market, overtaking Parle. It is planning a capital expenditure of Rs.200 crore over the next two years in innovation and expansion of its 74,000 tonnes monthly capacity.
Mr. Berry said the company was planning a Rs.20-crore investment on an innovation centre in Bangalore and was planning “a genuinely disruptive product” within the next six months. He declined additional information on this.
He said that while margins were under pressure due to increase in costs of flour and milk, Britannia’s strategy of optimising costs, scaling up capacities and putting plants in the right places was giving dividends. “Biscuit market has taken a beating in the downturn and growth rates had halved from the 15 per cent CAGR witnessed two years ago.” He said that the company was outgrowing the market.
Britannia closed the first quarter on Tuesday with a 15 per cent rise in its operational profit on a standalone basis.
He said that it was also the company’s strategy to reduce the portion of outsourced products from 50:50 now to 60:40 within 2-3 years. Four years back, BIL made only 30 per cent of its products. “Reducing outsourcing cuts costs for us while bringing fresh products to the market,” he said.
On the fate of ‘the Daily Bread’ outlets, which Mr. Wadia said was not a shining star for BIL, Mr. Berry said that these outlets, selling bakery items would be re-examined. “It is not our business to be in retailing and a loss of about Rs.2 crore was made in 2013-14 on a Rs.20 crore turnover.

Britannia Q1 net profit up 27 p.c. at Rs 113.66 croreNew Delhi, August 12, 2014
Updated: August 12, 2014 17:04 IST
Britannia Q1 net profit up 27 p.c. at Rs 113.66 crore
PTI
Tweet
PTI
Nusli N Wadia (right), Chairman, Britannia Industries along with Managing Director, Varun Berry at the company's 95th AGM in Kolkata on Tuesday.
TOPICS
food
Britannia’s net sales rose to Rs 1,772.63 crore during the quarter, up 15.13 per cent against Rs 1,539.62 crore in the same period of the previous fiscal.
Bakery and dairy products maker Britannia Industries on Tuesday reported a 27 per cent increase in net profit at Rs 113.66 crore for the first quarter June 30, 2014.
The company had posted a net profit of Rs 89.49 crore in the same period of previous fiscal, Britannia Industries said in a filing to the BSE.
The net sales of the company rose to Rs 1,772.63 crore during the quarter, up 15.13 per cent against Rs 1,539.62 crore in the same period of previous fiscal.
Commenting on the results, Britannia Industries Managing Director Varun Berry said: “Our results are a reflection of our focus on driving consumer offtake and leveraging fundamental levers of operations to generate sustainable and profitable growth.”
Shares of Britannia Industries on Tuesday closed at Rs 1,135 apiece on BSE, down 1.87 per cent from their previous close.

No reforms by stealth  says Narendra ModiFIPB role shrinks amid easier FDI flows
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday said reforms should be large-scale, deep-rooted and not undertaken by stealth. He was making a special intervention on Day 1 of the Group of 20 plenary session in Brisbane following an invitation by Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott, who is hosting the leaders’ summit.
Outlining his vision of reforms before a global audience for the first time, Modi drew from his experience in Gujarat and talked about the thrust on reforms India will place going forward. “There is bound to be resistance to change or reform. But it cannot be done in stealth,” he said.
Significantly, he said globally reforms were handicapped by the perception of being government programmes and a burden on the people. “This needs to change,” he observed, adding that there is a need for reforms to be people-centric and driven by the people.
More importantly, he said there is a need to “insulate reform from the political process”. This is interesting given that certain ideas like FDI in multi-brand retail have met with opposition within his own party.
Projecting a confident face, he told European Council president Herman Van Rumpoy that there was a “wind of change in India” and no lack of political will now. “Come, see for yourself,” he told Van Rumpoy, when the latter pointed out to him that it was poor political will that  had stalled the India-European Union Broadbased Trade and Investment Agreement initiated seven years ago in 2007.
Seeks BRICS support in black money mission
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday pushed his government’s domestic agenda on black money at an informal meeting of BRICS leaders ahead of the Group of 20 Leaders Summit.
The BRICS meet is intended to coordinate positions among the five big developing economies of the world, so that they can pull in their combined weight at the G20 Summit. Modi called for close coordination on unaccounted money stashed abroad, and said its repatriation to India was a key priority for his government. “Unaccounted money abroad is also linked to security challenges,” he told the leaders of Brazil, Russia, China and South Africa. The leaders took stock of the progress made in establishment of the New Development Bank (NDB) and the Contingent Reserve Arrangement (CRA), agreed upon in the sixth BRICS Summit.
The leaders asked their finance ministers to designate the president and vice-presidents of the new bank well in advance of the next BRICS summit.
Modi said the NDB and the CRA signal the group’s collective capacity to create and manage global institutions. India hoped to ratify the agreement by the end of the year, he said. “We will soon nominate our candidate for the  post of the presidency,” the PM said in his opening remarks.
The seventh BRICS Summit is scheduled to be held in the Russian city of Ufa next year. “The leaders also announced the setting up of an interim board of directors that will lead the next phase establishing the NDB,” a media note said.
The leaders also asked the governors of their respective central banks to ensure that the Inter-Central Bank Agreement foreseen in the CRA be concluded by the time of the summit in Russia.
Modi said the NDB could be effective in promoting sustainable development and bridging infrastructure gaps. “We can be more aligned to local conditions and requirements. We should focus on next-generation infrastructure,” he said. According to Modi, BRICS could promote new models of governance and financing, while maintaining the highest standards of banking.
The leaders—president Dilma Rousseff of Brazil, president Vladimir Putin of Russia, president Xi Jinping of China, president Jacob Zuma of South Africa and prime minister Narendra Modi—exchanged views and shared perspectives on measures to promote growth and create jobs. The G20 has set a target for growing their economies by an additional 2% over the next five years. They also discussed issues related to infrastructure, trade, energy, strengthening of the financial system, and cooperation in tax matters.
TAGS: BRICS G20 Sumit Narendra Modi
More from economy
Stalled infrastructure projects set for a big push Sebi is considering changing rules to allow Indian banks to convert a larger portion of their loans into equity at less than...

BlackBerry makes a move on AndroidGolf courses empty; bureaucrats have started working: Nadir Godrej
CANADIAN FIRM BlackBerry, which diversified from being a smartphone manufacturer to an enterprise solutions provider to cut losses, is pinning its hopes on the proliferation of Android-based phones in the fast-growing Indian market for future growth.
Over the past 18 months or so, there has been a massive proliferation of Google’s Android-based smartphones in the Indian market, with multiple new launches every month at several price points. This has led to the emergence of several home-grown handset makers like Micromax, Karbonn and Lava, and Chinese manufacturers like Xiaomi, which are doing brisk business in India.
Though these companies are giving global conglomerates like Samsung and Sony a run for their money in India, BlackBerry perceives this as an opportunity rather than a threat.
BlackBerry is banking on the widespread adoption of the BYOD (bring your own device) concept in India to drive revenues in the country. BYOD entails employees bringing their own phones and tablets to the workspace, and using them for personal and professional use simultaneously.
BlackBerry’s earlier generation of enterprise solutions—which aims to facilitate secure and seamless telecommunications within an organisation—was restricted to its own operating system and smartphones. But the new generation of solutions is being customised for different platforms like Android, iOS and Windows, and will be rolled out in India soon.
Sunil Lalvani, BlackBerry India’s managing director, explains that an important pillar of BlackBerry’s revenue stream in India was ‘BBM Protect’, a version of the BlackBerry Messenger, an Internet-based messaging service meant to transmit secure information over an enterprise server. While earlier only employees of organisations using BlackBerry handsets could use BBM Protect, now, the enterprise solution, meant to prevent misuse of official data, will be available across Android, iOS and Windows phones by the end of the year.
“As more Android and other devices proliferate the ecosystem, there is a greater opportunity for us to sell our software and services since those many smartphones come into the workspace and their vulnerabilities are exposed,” Lalvani said in an interview. “Our strategy has shifted as well and we are talking to companies that allow employees to bring their own devices to work, and asking them to let us be their preferred vendor to secure these handsets.”
BlackBerry had made the standard BBM service available for phones other than its own in February.
“In India, most professionals connected to the enterprise servers were only using email and calendar. Today, they also use various other services like sales-related applications, and post management and approval-related applications,” says Anshul Gupta, principal analyst (consumer device), Gartner. “Smart devices need to be managed in a corporate environment as personal computers are. It is a market opportunity that is still building up in India and although there are a lot of players, the vertical offers a lot of opportunities for BlackBerry,” Gupta adds.
With a lot of handset manufacturers adopting the open-source Android operating system for their offerings, the market for players like BlackBerry and Nokia has considerably shrunk, leading to financial trouble for these companies. Android-based phones are cheaper and allow users to do more.
Nokia was unable to turn around its fortunes even after it ditched its own operating system Symbian and migrated to Windows for smartphones. It had to eventually sell out to Microsoft, which acquired it in April for $7.2 billion.
But BlackBerry, with its strategy of repositioning itself as a provider of the telecommunication needs of enterprises, is managing to stay afloat for now and is also showing signs of narrowing its losses in fiscal 2015. Interestingly, the company’s narrowed losses in the September quarter, for which it recently announced earnings, was also largely driven by cost-cutting and asset sales.
BlackBerry’s chief executive John Chen, who assumed the top job in November 2013, hopes to see the company return to profitability by 2016, driven by the company’s enterprise and software business. Chen acknowledges the importance of India in his turnaround plan for the company, and it isn’t hard to imagine why.
While the parent company has been grappling with losses, BlackBerry India has managed to remain profitable, although profits narrowed in fiscal 2014 compared to a year earlier. As per BlackBerry India’s latest filings with the Registrars of Companies (RoC), it reported a net profit of R11.46 crore in FY2014 on a turnover of R142.05 crore. Its net profit and revenues nearly halved compared to the year ago.
But between FY2011 and FY2013, BlackBerry India’s revenues grew around 67% and profitability rose around 72%. In comparison, BlackBerry’s global revenues in FY2014 stood at $6.8 billion and it incurred a net loss of $5.8 billion.
However, in the first two quarters of fiscal 2015, BlackBerry has been beating analyst estimates as far as earnings are concerned, posting lower-than-estimated losses.
With over half of BlackBerry’s revenues coming from the enterprise and software businesses, the company is also looking to bring intellectual property acquired from global acquisitions to India to further the BYOD concept. For instance, BlackBerry acquired a London-based company, Movirtu, which owns the technology to allow virtual identity solutions for mobile operators, which allows multiple numbers to be active on a single SIM.
This will enable employees to switch between personal and professional user profiles on the same device, ensuring data security for the organisation. It will also lead to cost efficiencies for companies, Lalvani points out, as it can identify and compensate employees for official usage of their phones only.
It also makes sense for BlackBerry to engage with users who do not own phones manufactured by the company since BlackBerry’s phone sales have been declining and it doesn’t want to compete with cheap smartphones that sell for as low as R7,000. BlackBerry recently launched a premium smartphone called ‘Passport’ in India, which combines a touchscreen and a keypad.
As per International Data Corporation (IDC) data, in the second quarter of 2014, BlackBerry had a 0.5% share of the market, while Android phones had an almost 85% market share.
Lalvani says BlackBerry isn’t willing to sell phones at those prices since it doesn’t want to compromise the experience of using its flagship BB10 operating system. “It is not worth going after this segment, where competition is cut-throat and margins are eroded,” Lalvani says. “Our approach is to sell more software licences to Android users, generate revenues from them and, on the other hand, target users who value the Qwerty experience (phones with a Qwerty keypad).”
TAGS: Android BlackBerry
More from industry

Need for systemic changes to boost Indian av...DGCA a toothless watchdog; urgent need for systemic changes to boost Indian aviation sector
Nov 16, 2014, 04.36AM IST
Tags:
(The regulator, the Directorate…)
By Devesh Agarwal
For nearly a year, India has suffered the ignominy of demotion to a Category II status by the United States Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) due to the failure of its safety oversight regime to meet international standards. The expansion plans of its airlines in the US are stuck (Air India and Jet Airways can fly but cannot introduce new flights) and code-share agreements with US airlines remain suspended. The regulator, the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA), is said to have taken corrective actions to restore ranking to Category I. It even convinced the FAA to conduct another audit, due on December 8.
A month before the audit, on November 7, a SpiceJet Boeing 737 hit a buffalo that wandered onto the runway at the Surat airport. The buffalo was killed. The plane was damaged and grounded. Rotten luck, right? Surely, it was an aberration, as the aviation minister said the other day.
Except that it was not. In the last year alone, Indian airlines have suffered in excess of 600 "wildlife strikes" at airports. While a majority of them are bird hits, there were also plenty of animal strikes. Less than two months ago, a SpiceJet aircraft pounded a jackal at Indore airport. A few years ago, a Kingfisher Airlines plane socked a group of pigs while landing at Nagpur, giving a new twist to the idiom "pigs can fly".
At least five airports, including Ahmedabad, Bhubaneswar and Kochi, have been identified as critically prone to wildlife strikes. The Surat incident, authorities said, happened because neighbouring villagers broke the airport wall to let their cattle graze. Seriously? What were the Airports Authority of India (AAI), which operates the airport, and security agencies like the Gujarat State Reserve Police Force (SRPF), responsible for protecting it, doing? If a beast can simply wander into a runway, the highest security zone of an airport, what about determined terrorists?
Toothless Watchdog
To be fair, wildlife strikes are an accepted risk at airports around the world. The vast tracts of land are a haven for rabbits, snakes, canines and birds. But airport operators mitigate risks using technology such as surface movement radars and intrusion detection systems, along with intensive human patrolling.
Indian security norms mandate CISF watchtowers every few hundred metres so that the entire perimeter of an airport boundary can be monitored. In the event of a breach, repairs are to be done — within 24 hours. These norms are practised at India's private airports. AAI-operated airports are a different story. Herein lies the crux of the problem. It starts with the structure of the DGCA. Unlike foreign counterparts that are independent, DGCA reports to the aviation ministry along with AAI and Air India.
Since 2007, when the last technocrat boss Kanu Gohain retired, a bureaucrat has headed the DGCA. A DGCA head is usually junior to the head of AAI or Air India. So the chances of the regulator pulling up either of these organisations are slim. "The regulator should be completely independent. When you have the regulator reporting to same ministry as the airport operator and airline, the possibility of cover-up is immense," said the operations head of an airport. The different regulatory yardsticks were visible in the recent fracas over pilot licences. The DGCA called for stringent action against Jet, but there was nary a word against Air India.
The regulator is still playing catch up with the explosive growth of Indian aviation. Until airport privatisation commenced, it did not even have a proper airport licensing procedure. A specific division on aerodrome standards and enforcement was created only recently. A severe staff crunch has often been cited as an excuse for all of DGCA's ills, but that sounds like a broken record (the situation at Bureau of Civil Aviation Security), which oversees policy and operations of airport security in India, is no different). But the net result is disastrous. For a metro airport such as Mumbai or Delhi, an inspection mandated by UN agency International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) should take up to 40 man days. At present, it is done in about one eighth of the time, said the head of an Indian airport.
  Need of the Hour
The DGCA is no doubt bent on regaining the Category I ranking. But its methods leave a lot to be desired. "By attempting to do in six months what normally should take two to three years, and without talking to all the stakeholders, the actions of the DGCA are resulting in a lot of confusion," said the head of flight operations at an airline.
Soon after the FAA downgrade, the DGCA hired senior Flight Operations Inspectors for monthly salaries of around Rs 7 lakh, matching industry standards, but the recruits are largely inexperienced. Funding is not the issue. With each of India's 8.5-crore air passengers parting with Rs 130 for a ticket as security fee, collections exceeded Rs 1,100 crore last year.
There are aspirations and there is reality. We may aspire to be the third largest civil aviation market within the next decade, but the harsh reality is that the government is doing a woefully inadequate job in the aviation sector, a critical driver of the economic growth engine. The BJP government should immediately implement the UPA-II decision to create a Civil Aviation Authority (CAA). Funded by fees paid by passengers and industry — not the government — the CAA will not be hobbled in its quest to hire skilled professionals. The CAA should be politically independent though (the previous government mulled appointing a bureaucrat as CAA head). The need of the hour is to drive large-scale, long-term, focused and time-bound systemic changes across the board. The government should look beyond regaining the FAA ranking.
The writer runs bangaloreaviation.com, a website devoted to news and analyses of the aviation industry
FEATURED ARTICLES

Surgeon with Ebola arrives in US for treatmentA surgeon who contracted Ebola while working in Sierra Leone arrived in Nebraska Saturday for treatment.
By: Associated Press | Omaha | Posted: November 16, 2014 2:31 am
A surgeon who contracted Ebola while working in Sierra Leone arrived in Nebraska Saturday for treatment at a biocontainment unit where two other people with the disease have been successfully treated.
Dr Martin Salia, who was diagnosed with Ebola on Monday, landed at Eppley Airfield in Omaha on Saturday afternoon and was being transported to the Nebraska Medical Center.
The hospital said the medical crew transporting Salia, 44, determined he was stable enough to fly, but that information from the team caring for him in Sierra Leone indicated he was critically ill and “possibly sicker than the first patients successfully treated in the United States.”
The disease has killed more than 5,000 people in West Africa, mostly in Liberia, Guinea and Sierra Leona. Of the 10 people treated for the disease in the US, all but one has recovered.
Salia was working as a general surgeon at Kissy United Methodist Hospital in the Sierra Leone capital of Freetown. Kissy is not an Ebola treatment unit, but Salia worked in at least three other facilities, United Methodist News said, citing health ministry sources.
Salia is a Sierra Leone citizen who lives in Maryland.
The US State Department said it was helping facilitate the transfer of Salia; the US Embassy in Freetown said he was paying for the expensive evacuation. The travel costs and care of other Ebola patients flown to the US were covered by the groups they worked for in West Africa.
Salia’s wife, Isatu Salia, said in a telephone interview that when she spoke to her husband early Friday his voice sounded weak and shaky. But he told her “I love you” in a steady voice, she said.
The two prayed together, and their children, ages 12 and 20, are coping, Isatu Salia said, calling her husband “my everything.”
Salia came down with Ebola symptoms on November 6 but tested negative for the virus. He was tested again on Monday and tested positive. It wasn’t clear whether he has been involved in the care of Ebola patients.
Sierra Leone is one of the three West Africa nations hit hard by an Ebola epidemic this year. Five other doctors in Sierra Leone have contracted Ebola, and all have died.

With no US immigration reform  states are st...With no US immigration reform, states are stepping in
AFP Nov 16, 2014, 08.20AM IST
Tags:
Colorado
(Many hope Obama will keep…)
DENVER: Humberto Cruz Salas lives in the United States illegally. But in September, the Colorado resident got a state-issued driver's license.
Despite the lack of progress on immigration reform at the federal level, a growing number of states are offering greater rights -- and more documents -- to undocumented immigrants.
"I was kind of speechless," said Cruz Salas, of the day he received his precious driver's license, which expires on September 9, 2017.
The 21-year-old was born in Oaxaca, Mexico, but he left at age three and has never been back.
All his memories are from the United States, where he pays taxes and speaks perfect English. But the fear of being arrested and deported never goes away.
Starting in August, Colorado became the 10th US state to offer driver's licenses to illegal immigrants, in the name of improving safety on the roads. Less than two years ago, only three states authorized licenses.
Printed on the card, in large letters, is a warning it is not recognized at the federal level. But it allows Cruz Salas, who lives near Denver, to drive legally, get insurance and avoid problems with police.
"I drive around a lot safer now. I'm not constantly paranoid," said Cruz Salas, who, like millions of undocumented immigrants, had been driving without a license.
"There's still that fear that there's a cop behind you, but it's not the same because you know you have a license with you."
Meanwhile, the aspiring college student is still awaiting permanent legal status.
His two sisters, 18 and 24, will soon get two-year work permits, through a program created by President Barack Obama in 2012.
But Cruz Salas wasn't able to do the same, because of an arrest for drunk driving when he was 18 -- "probably the worst mistake I ever made."
He hopes Obama will keep his promise to bring more undocumented migrants out of the shadows.
"My whole life is here," he emphasized. "I went to pre-school here, I finished high school here."
"I really have a lot of hope that one day it's going to come through," he said of immigration reform. "Hopefully it doesn't come too late when we're not here anymore."
Most US politicians concede that the current situation must change: between 11 and 12 million undocumented immigrants, most Mexican, live and work in the United States.
But in 2006, 2007, and 2013, legislative overhauls failed to pass, blocked by opposition from conservative lawmakers to any sort of "amnesty."
This federal gridlock has prompted a growing number of states to act in a domain where they don't technically have jurisdiction -- to better integrate illegal immigrants, especially young ones.
Colorado is now one of 17 states to give in-state tuition rates -- instead of the higher out-of-state fees -- to illegal immigrants. That puts the cost at around $6,000 a year instead of $16,000 at the University of Colorado, Denver.
For Cruz Salas, who works 50 hours a week in two restaurants to save up, the difference is crucial, because he is not allowed to apply for federally subsidized student loans.
Meanwhile, local police have recently stepped back from roles as immigration enforcers.
After the September 11 attacks, explained Muzaffar Chishti of the Migration Policy Institute, the federal government passed several agreements with states for police to verify the immigration status of people they arrested.
  But after a 2012 Supreme Court decision and Democratic gains in a number of local elections, states have increasingly abandoned this role, Chishti said.
Today, in Colorado, police don't call federal authorities if they arrest an undocumented immigrant.
"We came from so far away," said Catherine Brown, a lawyer who was involved in efforts to pass Colorado's new law on licenses.
"In the past few years, the fear of being deported has been reduced," she said, though "it's never over."
Some areas remain out of reach such as welfare and government health care, which, except in rare cases, explicitly exclude illegal immigrants.
But states and cities are continuing to tackle immigration issues, such as in New York and California in particular, where the Democratic governor has, since 2013, championed a series of pro-immigrant laws, including on professional licenses, student loans and workplace discrimination.
"This is becoming a slam dunk for many of these measures," Chishti said.
"You will see trends in both directions," he added, "but the center of gravity has shifted."
FEATURED ARTICLES

EXPRESS 5: 2 minute per surgery and motherless babies; Reforms have to be people-driven saysModiWe present you the top five stories from today's edition of The Indian Express.
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 16, 2014 9:09 am
We present  you the top five stories from today’s edition of The Indian Express.
1. Modi at G20 summit
Prime Minister Narendra Modi said on Saturday that reforms should be “insulated from the political process”. Calling for large-scale and deep-routed reforms, he said the process cannot be undertaken “in stealth”.
Modi was making a special intervention on the first day of the G20 plenary session in Brisbane, following an invitation by Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott who is hosting the Leaders’ Summit.
READ MORE: Reforms have to be people-driven and insulated from political process: Modi
2. The Big Picture
The government claimed 83  surgeries were done in five hours; it may have been closer to three hours. That’s 2 minutes per surgery in a state headed by a  doctor chief minister, and in the district of the state health minister.
READ MORE: The Big Picture: 10 babies, each motherless
3. Connecting India
Mizoram is set to come closer to the rest of India and the world with a new road linking it to Myanmar, and onward to Kolkata. But first, the project has to take on challenges posed by nature, people and bureaucracy.
READ MORE: The Sunday Story: Slicing off 1,000 km
4. Opinion
The special style of Modi is becoming clear. He formed an interim Cabinet at first. He waited till the Maharashtra and Haryana elections  and consolidated his hold on the BJP and his reputation as an election winner. From here on, he has no rivals within the party and no opposition group which can seriously dent his lead. He can now settle down to the serious task of leading the nation with the development strategy he wishes to implement.
5. Sports
Tendulkar says that charity work has kept him occupied since he called it quits. (Source: file photo)
These days even Sachin Tendulkar types ‘Sachin Tendulkar + Sharjah’ when his relaxed mind, looking to kill time, comes across a blank google search page. On some days he also wakes up with no fixed plan, fixes breakfast for kids, invites friends over, visits their homes and sits by the bedside of ailing family elders. Last November 16 he was with thousands at Wankhede, getting an emotional farewell that millions around the world watched at home on television.

Fearing backlash  Jordan asserts Al-AqsacustodianshipThe Al-Aqsa compound, holy to both Muslims and Jews, is one of the most sensitive spots in the Middle East.
By: Agence-France Presse | Amman | Posted: November 16, 2014 10:09 am
Jordan’s tough stance towards Israel over Jerusalem’s Al-Aqsa mosque reflects a determination to preserve its custodianship of the flashpoint site as well as its own stability, analysts say.
By recalling its ambassador to Israel, the Hashemite kingdom sent a message that deploying police inside the mosque compound had crossed a red line and put their diplomatic ties in jeopardy.
In parallel, Jordan’s King Abdullah II hosted a diplomatic push which brought together US Secretary of State John Kerry and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for talks in Amman on Thursday.
“Recalling the Jordanian ambassador and the diplomatic push sent a tough message to Israel that violating Al-Aqsa would endanger the peace treaty,” Oraib Rantawi, head of Amman’s Al-Quds Centre for Political Studies, told AFP.
Kerry would not have interrupted his busy schedule and flown to the region “unless Washington realised that ties were deteriorating between Jordan and Israel, and Israel and the Palestinians”, he said.
The status of Jerusalem is one of the most contentious issues in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, and the Al-Aqsa compound is the scene of frequent confrontations between protesters and police.
Tensions soared to a new level earlier this month when Israeli police entered several yards inside the mosque during clashes triggered by a vow by Jewish far-right groups to visit the holy site.
“The violations at Al-Aqsa undermine the credibility and legitimacy of the Jordanian leadership and its ability to carry out its custodianship of the mosque,” said Rantawi.
“It also an embarrassment towards its people, and this threatens the kingdom’s stability and security,” he added.
Jordan, which has a 1994 peace treaty with Israel, is home to more than two million Palestinian refugees, as well as large numbers of Jordanians of Palestinian origin.
The Al-Aqsa compound, holy to both Muslims and Jews, is one of the most sensitive spots in the Middle East.
Israel captured Jerusalem’s mostly Arab eastern sector from Jordan in the 1967 Six-Day War and later annexed it in a move never recognised internationally.
In March 2013, Palestinian president Mahmud Abbas signed a deal with King Abdullah, entrusting him with the defence of Muslim holy sites in Jerusalem.
The deal confirmed a verbal agreement dating back to 1924 that gave the kingdom’s Hashemite leaders custodial rights over the Muslim holy sites.
“For Jordan, Al-Aqsa is an internal issue,” said Mohammad Abu Rumman, researcher at the University of Jordan’s Center for Strategic Studies, pointing to its custodianship and the Palestinian origins of many Jordanians.

Ruins of river bank  old city wall found inChinaBy: Press Trust of India | Beijing | Posted: November 16, 2014 10:35 am
The remains of a bank revetment and walls were found in China’s eastern Fujian province, which experts believe could help them get a glimpse of a city built some 1,100 years ago, a media report said.
The revetment or retaining wall found in Fuzhou was made of wood, according to Chen Pin, a research fellow with the Fujian provincial museum.
“There had been a river and the revetment was used to prevent erosion,” state-run news agency Xinhua quoted him as saying. “Such a structure only existed in south China.”
They also found the footing of a city wall, which was built during the period of Five Dynasties (907-960).
Above the footing there was evidence of walls as high as one meter that would have been a later addition, built during the Song Dynasty (960-1279).
“By studying the ruins, we learned the techniques these people would have used — how they built a city,” Chen said.
“They dug a trench, filled it with interlaced stone and wood, before compacting it with earth. The discovery verifies descriptions in historical data about the development of Fuzhou city,” said Lou Jianlong, head of the cultural relics and archaeological research institute of the Fujian museum.

FPI inflows in stocks hit $1.5 billion in No...FPI inflows in stocks hit $1.5 billion in November; total crosses $15 billion
PTI Nov 17, 2014, 05.12AM IST
Tags:
debt market
(Since the beginning of the…)
NEW DELHI: Overseas investors have pumped in $1.55 billion in equity market so far this month, taking the total to over $15 billion since the beginning of the year.
As per the latest data, foreign investors have purchased stocks worth Rs 42,866 crore between November 3 and 14, while they offloaded shares to the tune of Rs 33,352 crore during the same period, resulting into a net inflow of Rs 9,514 crore ($1.55 billion).
Market analysts said overseas investors (foreign institutional investors, sub-accounts or foreign portfolio investors) are betting on the government's reforms agenda.
"Equity market flows have continued to remain strong. I think Indian fundamentals would show marked improvement in the next 2-3 years. Moreover with the renewed interest in stock markets both from local and global players, valuations are unlikely to come down," Ladderup Wealth Management Managing Director Raghvendra Nath said.
"As such, it is better to enter the market and wait for the theme to play out over the next few years than to wait for corrections," he added.
Since the beginning of the year, foreign investors have made a net investment of $15.3 billion (Rs 91,780) crore into the country's equity market.
The debt market has also seen similar trends with overseas fund inflows of $23 billion (Rs 1.4 lakh crore) since January.
From the beginning of June, FIIs (Foreign Institutional Investors) along with sub--accounts and qualified foreign investors have been clubbed together by market regulator Sebi to create a new investor category called Foreign Portfolio Investors .
FEATURED ARTICLES

Australians Stick Heads In The Sand  Mocking Abbott s Climate StanceAustralians Stick Their Heads In The Sand To Mock Prime Minister Abbott's Climate Stance
Reuters  | By                                                                Sue-Lin Wong
reddit
This handout picture taken by Tim Cole and released by 350.org on November 13, 2014 shows Australians burying their heads in the sands of iconic Bondi Beach to send a message to Prime Minister Tony Abbott about the dangers of climate change. As world leaders arrived in the northern city of Brisbane for the G20 summit, more than 100 people dug holes in the famous sand so they could plunge their bodies in halfway, holding their position for three minutes
SYDNEY, Nov 13 (Reuters) - More than 400 protesters stuck  their heads in the sand on Australia's Bondi Beach on Thursday,  mocking the government's reluctance to put climate change on the  agenda of a G20 summit this weekend.
Prime Minister Tony Abbott's perceived failure to address  climate change is all the more galling in the wake of an  agreement between the United States and China on Wednesday to  limit their carbon emissions, they said.
"Obama's on board, Xi Jinping's on board, everyone's on  board except one man," activist Pat Norman, 28, bellowed into a  megaphone on the Sydney beach.
"Tony Abbott!" the protesters shouted back.
Folks with babies, school children and working people in  business suits dug holes on the beach and stuck their heads in  them. The ostrich is said to stick its head in the sand in  futile bid to avoid danger.
Ornithologists say the African bird does no such thing but  that didn't spoil the cheeky protest.
"Wiggle ya bums if you feel like it," Norman shouted over  the megaphone.
A few athletic types did handstands with their heads in the  sand.
Abbott called climate change science "crap" in 2009 and said  coal was "good for humanity." Australia repealed a tax on  greenhouse gas emissions in July, the only country to reverse  action on climate change.
Justin Field, 36, a former army intelligence officer who is  running for a seat in state parliament for the Green Party, said  Australia had to act.
"To be so far behind the rest of the developed world  embarrasses progressive Australia," he said.
(Editing by Robert Birsel)
More:

Samsung-BlackBerry together to support KNOX and BES 12 starting 2015Samsung will resell BES12 to joint customers and BlackBerry will offer KNOX support as part of the Gold family of BES12.
By: Tech Desk | Waterloo | Posted: November 14, 2014 3:17 pm
In an attempt to boost enterprise adoption of Samsung Galaxy devices, the Korean smartphone maker has announced a startegic parternership with BlackBerry. Early next year, enterprise customers will have a new choice: a new secure solution that brings together BES12, a cross-platform EMM solution by BlackBerry, with Samsung Galaxy smartphones and tablets that are embedded with Samsung KNOX.
“BlackBerry and Samsung’s creation of an integrated enterprise solution for Android makes sense,” said Bloomberg Head of Enterprise Mobility, Chris Behringer. “Security is a top priority for us, and this combined offering provides a new versatile option to the marketplace.” Working together, the companies can now offer enterprises with a new mobility management option.
What’s the deal?
An integrated solution that brings together the secure connectivity and device, applications and data management capabilities BlackBerry with the security features embedded in Samsung Galaxy devices.
Android security enhancements that reduce threats that bypass application security mechanisms while minimizing damage from flawed applications.
Complete separation of business and personal data for corporate security and employee privacy.
A series of core security enhancements to better protect device integrity from kernel to apps.
In early 2015. Samsung will resell BES12 to joint customers and BlackBerry will offer KNOX support as part of the Gold family of BES12 subscriptions. Pricing will be announced upon availability.

Russia To G-20: We re Here. So Are Our WarshipsRussia Stations Warships Off Australian Coast Ahead Of G-20 Summit
 | By                                                                KRISTEN GELINEAU
reddit
BRISBANE, Australia (AP) -- Vladimir Putin is underlining his presence at a major summit of world leaders in Australia by stationing warships in waters off the country's northeastern coast, prompting the Australian prime minister to angrily accuse Russia of trying to reclaim the "lost glories" of the Soviet Union.
The diplomatic drama, which has been simmering since a Malaysia Airlines plane was shot down over an area of Ukraine controlled by Russian-backed separatists in July, threatened to overshadow Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott's goal of keeping this weekend's G-20 summit focused on economic growth.
But Abbott, who had previously said he would physically confront the Russian president over the Flight 17 disaster that killed 298 people, including 38 Australian citizens and residents, did little to dampen tensions with his latest critique of Putin's Russia.
In recent days, four Russian warships have entered international waters off the northeast Australian coast to coincide with Putin's visit to Australia for the summit that brings together the leaders of the world's 20 biggest industrialized and developing economies. Australia, in turn, sent three warships of its own to monitor them.
The Russian embassy said on Friday that Russia's Pacific fleet was testing its range, and could be used as security for Putin.
Abbott was not impressed.
"Russia is being much more assertive now than it has been for a very long time," he said at a press conference with British Prime Minister David Cameron, also in Australia for the summit. "Interestingly, Russia's economy is declining even as Russia's assertiveness is increasing."
The prime minister, who met with Putin earlier this week on the sidelines of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation forum in Beijing, aired details of his conversation with the Russian leader.
"One of the points that I tried to make to President Putin is that Russia would be so much more attractive if it was aspiring to be a superpower for peace and freedom and prosperity ... instead of trying to recreate the lost glories of tsarism or the old Soviet Union."
Abbott, an athletic 56-year-old former amateur boxer whose government is a staunch U.S. ally, has gained a higher international profile by loudly demanding more cooperation from Russia on the Dutch-led investigation into the downing of Flight 17.
He raised eyebrows last month when he declared he intended to "shirtfront" Putin, using an Australian football term for a head-on shoulder charge to an opponent's chest.
Cameron also took a swipe at Russia, warning that Western sanctions against the country could increase if it continues to foster the rebellion in eastern Ukraine.
Putin was expected to arrive in Australia for the summit in the eastern city of Brisbane on Friday.
Abbott has pushed to keep the G-20's agenda firmly focused on a plan to add $2 trillion to global GDP over five years, with countries expected to present reports on how they will achieve that goal this weekend.
World Bank President Jim Yong Kim on Friday praised the G-20, which is often criticized for being all talk and no action, for setting a clear target.
"We'll see what the results are, but we're already encouraged," Kim said. "If the countries will go through with the kinds of structural reforms that they've committed to, we could see a real bump in growth."
Australian Treasurer Joe Hockey has said the group will focus on infrastructure investment to help meet the goal. The World Bank estimates the financing infrastructure gap in developing economies is more than $1 trillion per year.
___
Associated Press writer Rod McGuirk contributed to this report.
More:

Jan Dhan Yojana: Why impressive numbers dont mean muchAgent
(Banks are giving Narendra…)
The aggregate numbers are designed to impress — 6.99 crore accounts have already been opened since PM Narendra Modi launched Jan Dhan Yojana on Independence Day, according to pmjdy.gov.in, a government website. But several concerns lie hidden beneath those numbers.
Under pressure, the department of financial services gave hard targets to banks, which in turn, transmitted the pressure to local staff and banking correspondents (BCs, agents who represent a bank on the field). "The pressure was so high that I told my staff to disregard norms on opening accounts only for the unbanked," admits the head of a Delhi-based banking correspondent company.
On the consumer side, the overdraft offered under JDY, the insurance policies bundled with it, and the fear of missing out on direct benefit transfers incentivised customers to open accounts.
However, the quality of the accounts opened is open to question. "Opening of multiple accounts has happened in an absolutely blatant manner," says the head of the BC company. Agrees Manoj Sharma, the MD of the Asia Pacific operations of Microsave, a financial inclusion think tank: "The question is whether these are first accounts or second accounts." Such duplicate accounts, a finance ministry official says, are now being weeded out.
This is not the first financial inclusion drive that India has seen. In 2009, the Reserve Bank of India directed banks to ensure banking access in all 348,000 villages with a population of above 1,000 by March 2013. This was followed by Swabhimaan — an overlapping financial inclusion drive launched by UPA2 in 2011 as a prelude to a shift to cash transfers.
Two problems that dogged these drives are likely to haunt JDY as well. It's not enough to open an account; people also need easy and reliable access to the bank. Then, once they get access to the bank, they need relevant financial products.
Right now, the banks and the government are working in a mission mode. But the questions will come once the accounts are opened," Says Kabir Kumar, a microfinance specialist at Consultative Group to Assist the Poor (CGAP). "How do you design the insurance and pensions such that they are useful for the poor?"
Last Mile Access
Banks are planning to add BCs to deal with the spike in account-holders instead of adding branches. However, India's experience with BCs has not been good. In erstwhile Andhra Pradesh, National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (NREGA) payments through BCs were so late that the state government had to bring in an ordinance threatening penalties. "Banks, BC companies and village agents withhold the money meant for payments and pensions, earning interest off the float or rotating money in the local market, instead of paying it out quickly," says Sowmya Kidambi, the director of SSAAT, the social audit arm of the state rural development ministry.
Pratap Mandvi, a 40-something farmer in the predominantly Gond village of Madhogarh, about 70 km to the south of Jabalpur, Madhya Pradesh, is sceptical about BCs. He says villagers will worry the BC agent might vanish with their money. Villagers in Madhogarh say the Central Bank of India branch at Narayanganj has told them to visit only on Mondays. But it cannot process more than 100-150 people in a day.
"And so, the rest are told to come next Monday. But if I need money today, what will I do?" asked one villager.
  A bank official at the local Gramin bank, the sarpanch of a neighbouring village, and other villagers at Madhogarh confirm Mandvi's claim about restricted access, though employees at the local Central Bank of India denied any such restriction.
Open and Sleep
In financial inclusion circles, the poor response to previous FI drives has been misinterpreted as the need to educate villagers about the importance of saving — an explanation which fails to explain why rural India is seeing informal savings schemes like chit funds grow even as zero balance accounts lie dormant.
Take Madhogarh. Most people in this village of about 2,500 people already have bank accounts — almost entirely due to NREGA. However, very few save in the banks at Narayanganj, about 10 km away.
Instead, in recent years, a lot of villagers have invested in get-richquick schemes, ponzis, and companies which promise land in return for fixed payments and lost money. Says Mandvi: "The bank is the uchit sadhan (correct means) for saving money. But accessing that is hard — especially for poorer villagers."
Such ponzi schemes, says S Ananth, a Hyderabad-based rural finance researcher, are common in unbanked — or poorly banked — areas. The rise of such ponzi schemes — in one of the poorer parts of the country — illustrates both the latent demand for financial inclusion and the costs of it not being delivered.
That is the context that JDY has to operate in. But is it set up to deliver better outcomes than previous financial inclusion drives?

Delhi power tariff hike rolled back as assembly elections approachingYou are here: Home > Collections > Derc
Delhi power tariff hike rolled back
ET Bureau Nov 15, 2014, 03.53AM IST
Tags:
Delhi
NEW DELHI: The Delhi Electricity Regulatory Commission on Friday rolled back the up to 7% power tariff hike cleared for the national capital, saying the power generating companies have not submitted details regarding fuel cost.
DERC chairman PD Sudhakar told ET that the Commission has sought necessary information from the generating companies, including NTPC , and the revised orders for tariff revision will be taken in the next two to three weeks.
Sudhakar, however, clarified that the decision to roll back power tariff, a politically sensitive issue, was not influenced by the impending Assembly elections in Delhi.
On Thursday, the regulator had approved 'power purchase cost adjustment charges' (PPAC) to the tune of 7% for BSES Yamuna, 4.5% for BSES Rajdhani and 2.5% for Tata Power Delhi Distribution. The rise would have affected 4.8 million power consumers in the city for next three months starting November 15.
"It has now been brought to the notice of the Commission that various generators, including NTPC, supplying power to Delhi, have provided only part of the information regarding pricing of fuel and billing of power generated at their stations. Additional information has been called for and is yet to be submitted, which will have direct bearing on the PPAC claims," read the letter from the commission to the distribution companies (discoms).
An executive with one of the discoms said, "NTPC, which meets half of Delhi's close to 6,000 MW electricity requirement, started charging 13% to 30% more price for power in less than a year, depending on its generating stations. However, it is not sharing the desired details of its fuel costs regularly. It is also surprising that the regulator took note of this irregularity only when the state is gearing up for the Assembly election."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Reforms have to be people-driven and insulated from political process: ModiPrime Minister Narendra Modi with French President Francois Hollande at the bilateral meeting in Brisbane on Saturday. (Source: PTI)
Written by Vaidyanathan Iyer | Brisbane | Posted: November 15, 2014 10:03 pm | Updated: November 16, 2014 3:29 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi said on Saturday that reforms should be “insulated from the political process”. Calling for large-scale and deep-routed reforms, he said the process cannot be undertaken “in stealth”.
Modi was making a special intervention on the first day of the G20 plenary session in Brisbane, following an invitation by Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott who is hosting the Leaders’ Summit.
“There is bound to be resistance to change or reform. But it cannot be done in stealth,” said Modi, indicating his approach to reforms and how he would pursue the process, given the pressures of a democracy.
Significantly, he said there is a need to “insulate reforms from the political process”. This is interesting given that certain ideas, like FDI in multi-brand retail, have met with opposition from within the BJP.
Outlining his vision on reforms to a global audience for the first time, he drew from his experience in Gujarat and talked about his government’s thrust on reforms.
Modi said globally, reforms are handicapped with the perception of being government programmes, and a burden on the people. “This needs to change,” he observed, adding that there is a need for reforms to be people-centric and driven by the people.
Modi said reforms must be deep-rooted. “You need to address the root causes while undertaking reforms. It should be technology-driven and lead to simplification of procedures,” he said, adding that it is a multi-stage process and must be institutionalised.
Abbott’s invitation to Modi may be linked to the interest of global leaders in understanding the reforms process in India, where reforms have been slow and irreversible.
Meanwhile, Modi projected a very confident face and asserted himself to his counterparts at various bilateral meetings. He told European Council President Herman Van Rumpoy there was a wind of change in India and no lack of political will now.
“Come, see for yourself,” he told Van Rumpoy, when the latter pointed out to him that lack of political will stalled the India-European Union Broadbased Trade and Investment Agreement initiated seven years ago in 2007.
Earlier on Friday, when British Prime Minister David Cameron invited him to his country, Modi is learnt to have told him that he was already getting many calls from the large Indian diaspora in UK for a visit.
At the dinner later in the day, he is reported to have asked Japan Prime Minister Shinzo Abe to move fast on a plan to convert Varanasi into a smart city on the lines of Kyoto. He told Abe that the “Japan Plus” special policy to expedite investment by Japanese companies was already in place. Modi had promised this during his visit to Japan in September, and the plan was operationalised on October 18.
There is bound to be resistance to change or reform. But it cannot be done in stealth

CM Manohar Lal Khattar appeals to Sant Rampal: Present yourself before court in  peaceful mannerWomen followers sheild the Satlok Ashram of Sant Ram Pal in Hisar on Wednesday after the news of police approaching it. (Source: PTI)
By: Express News Service | Chandigarh | Posted: November 15, 2014 4:17 pm | Updated: November 16, 2014 4:29 am
AS the deadline for Sant Rampal to be present in the Punjab and Haryana HC approaches, Haryana CM Manohar Lal Khattar Saturday appealed to the self-styled godman to present himself before the court in a “peaceful manner”.
“In a democratic system, one must give utmost priority to uphold the dignity of the judicial system. I appeal to Baba Rampal to present himself before the court in a peaceful manner,” the CM said. He also appealed to Rampal’s followers to cooperate.
The HC had issued non-bailable warrants against Rampal, who is wanted in a contempt case, and had asked the police to produce him on or before November 17.
Meanwhile, the police have begun beefing up security around the Satlok Ashram in Hisar district’s Barwala town, where Rampal has taken refuge.

Metra approves fare increase75
"I think we pay more than enough," she said. "It's very expensive."
Gary Dolusic, 61, said he's been taking Metra to the Loop from Plano for more than 25 years. The monthly passes are reasonably priced, he said, is $213.75 for the ride from Aurora.
"Nobody likes to pay more money, but you get a good ride for the money," he said. Under the hike, his pass would go up $21.50.
While the fare increase averages 10.8 percent, it is not one-size-fits-all and includes all fare types depending on distance. The majority of Metra commuters, who buy monthly passes, will see increases of 10.9 percent to 18.6 percent, or about $15 to $30 more a month.
Ten-ride ticket buyers will have the smallest increase — a few even a slight decrease — because Metra is restoring the discount on 10-ride tickets that it eliminated in 2013. That means a 10-ride ticket will again be priced at the cost of nine one-way fares.
Friday's budget approval also means Metra will proceed in 2015 with a $100 million bond sale, the first such borrowing in the agency's history
That money will help finance a 10-year, $2.4 billion modernization program aimed at buying new locomotives and coaches, rehabilitating existing rolling stock, and maintaining bridges, tracks and other equipment in good condition.
The nation's second-largest commuter rail agency has rail cars that average 30 years of service and are older than those at comparable railroads in New York, Boston and Philadelphia, Metra said.
Although Metra has raised fares more often than its peer agencies in recent years, officials said the average fare has consistently been lower than those charged by other major lines.
In addition, Metra's fares have always lagged behind inflation, officials said.
Tribune reporter Sally Ho contributed.

Metra prepares for price hike and cold wintersMetra prepares for price hike and cold winters
Metra prepares for price hike and cold winters
Metra prepares for price hike and cold winters.
Metra prepares for price hike and cold winters.
Metra prepares for price hike and cold winters.
This video is featured in these articles:

Gold recovers glitter during wedding season  rises 715Comments
Gold recovered its glitter on Saturday as it vaulted Rs. 715 to record its second biggest single-day gain this year, driven by rising demand ahead of the wedding season and weak US economic data.
Prices are set to rise further in the days to come, traders said, advising those planning to buy the precious metal to do so right away.
The Rs. 715 jump took the metal to Rs. 26,400 per 10 grams, up 2.78% from Friday’s closing of Rs. 25,685.
Prices had fallen to a low of Rs. 25,000 per 10 grams last week in the key markets of Mumbai and Delhi, but have risen 6% since then. Globally, too, gold rose to a two-week high as large investors increased bets on the metal due to uncertainties in the US economy.
“Gold had bottomed out in recent weeks but the market is now looking at higher levels as prices can’t fall any further,” said Ashok Minawalla, a prominent Mumbai-based trader and former president of the Jewellery Trade Federation. “We may see higher demand on account of the wedding season,” he added.
The demand for gold in India — which recently overtook China to regain its position as the world’s top consumer — is likely to boost imports, which rose to 150 tonnes in October from 90 tonnes in September, far exceeding expectations of around 55 tonnes.
“Gold imports at this level could rise to $6 billion in October from $4 billion in September, way higher than the average $2.3 billion in April-August…,” a Nomura report said.
This may force the government to impose additional restrictions on imports to dampen rising demand. Rising gold imports had played havoc with India’s current account deficit (the difference between all dollar inflows and outflows) last year and contributed significantly to the run on the rupee, which had fallen to an all-time low of Rs. 68.85 against the dollar.

Gold recovers glitter during wedding season  rises Rs 715Comments
Gold recovered its glitter on Saturday as it vaulted Rs. 715 to record its second biggest single-day gain this year, driven by rising demand ahead of the wedding season and weak US economic data.
Prices are set to rise further in the days to come, traders said, advising those planning to buy the precious metal to do so right away.
The Rs. 715 jump took the metal to Rs. 26,400 per 10 grams, up 2.78% from Friday’s closing of Rs. 25,685.
Prices had fallen to a low of Rs. 25,000 per 10 grams last week in the key markets of Mumbai and Delhi, but have risen 6% since then. Globally, too, gold rose to a two-week high as large investors increased bets on the metal due to uncertainties in the US economy.
“Gold had bottomed out in recent weeks but the market is now looking at higher levels as prices can’t fall any further,” said Ashok Minawalla, a prominent Mumbai-based trader and former president of the Jewellery Trade Federation. “We may see higher demand on account of the wedding season,” he added.
The demand for gold in India — which recently overtook China to regain its position as the world’s top consumer — is likely to boost imports, which rose to 150 tonnes in October from 90 tonnes in September, far exceeding expectations of around 55 tonnes.
“Gold imports at this level could rise to $6 billion in October from $4 billion in September, way higher than the average $2.3 billion in April-August…,” a Nomura report said.
This may force the government to impose additional restrictions on imports to dampen rising demand. Rising gold imports had played havoc with India’s current account deficit (the difference between all dollar inflows and outflows) last year and contributed significantly to the run on the rupee, which had fallen to an all-time low of Rs. 68.85 against the dollar.

Abrogation of Article 370 will lead to massive unrest: FarooqAbdullahPrint
"I am a batsman under treatment but raring to go back to the field."
By: Press Trust of India | London | Posted: November 16, 2014 11:34 am | Updated: November 16, 2014 11:59 am
Health woes have kept Farooq Abdullah far away from home but the three-term Chief Minister of Jammu and Kashmir says that his bigger worry today is BJP’s “sinister” plan to abrogate the state’s special status which will lead to “massive unrest”.
For the first time in nearly four decades, the 77-year-old President of the ruling National Conference, who is in the UK for the last three months for treatment of failing kidneys, is unable to lead his party’s campaign in an Assembly election.
“I am a batsman under treatment but raring to go back to the field,” he said in an interview to PTI here, explaining that he was unlikely to be in a position to go back home before February next, well after the Nov-Dec polls.
“But believe me my bigger worry is the known agenda of the BJP to abrogate Article 370 of the Constitution which gives our state a special status for which commitments were given by Mahatma Gandhi and by the Government of India.
“They (BJP) will do anything to achieve their objectives. They will polarise this sensitive state as they have done in the rest of the country. They will strike deals with anyone,” Abdullah said.
Warning of serious implications of abrogation of Art 370, he said, “there would be massive unrest in younger minds and we will never achieve peace.”
About Prime Minister Narendra Modi, the veteran politician said, “I do not know whether he can go against the dictates of RSS on Art 370. It will be a great day for the entire nation when he understands the heartbeats of the people of Jammu and Kashmir.”
Criticising BJP’s attempts to rope in separatist leader Sajjad Lone who recently met Modi, Abdullah said, “people who have been strong supporters of an independent Kashmir are being wooed by the BJP. Were they not the people who created hell in the state?”
Abdullah regards the current election as “very significant” because it will decide the future of the state as to whether Jammu and Kashmir will continue to enjoy autonomy within the Constitution of India or Art 370 will be dismantled.
“My appeal to the people is to forget all differences, all pains and tribulations of the past and stand together against forces determined to dismantle Kashmiriyat,” he said.
The former chief minister appealed to the separatist Hurriyat Conference not to boycott the election as “that will not help the situation but will only help those out to abrogate our special status”.
He said that Jammu, Kashmir and Ladakh are one state and “they have to stand together for the future progress of the state”.
He urged “my Hindu brethren not to forget the slogan of NC — Hindu, Muslim, continued…

Putin says good chance of ending Ukraine crisis  West threatens moresanctionsRussian President Vladimir Putin.
By: Reuters | Brisbane | Posted: November 16, 2014 11:22 am | Updated: November 16, 2014 11:37 am
Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Sunday there was a “good chance” of resolving the conflict in Ukraine as Western leaders squarely blamed Moscow and threatened to slap more sanctions if it did not take action to end the crisis.
Putin was speaking at a G20 leaders summit in Brisbane where he has come under intense pressure, with Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper telling him to “get out of Ukraine”.
The leaders of the United States, Japan and Australia vowed to oppose Russian aggression, and European leaders including German Chancellor Angela Merkel have warned of more sanctions unless Russia withdraws troops and weapons from Ukraine and ends its support for pro-Russian separatist rebels.
The crisis has taken relations between Russia and the West a post-Cold War low. Sanctions aimed at sectors like oil and banking, as well as individuals close to Putin, are squeezing Russia’s economy at a time when falling oil prices are straining the budget and the rouble has plunged on financial markets.
Elsewhere at the summit, the United States and other nations overrode host Australia’s attempts to keep climate change off the formal agenda. The communique at the end of the meeting will include a significant passage on climate change, EU officials said. Russia has denied any involvement in the conflict in Ukraine that has killed more than 4,000 people this year.
“Today the situation (in Ukraine) in my view has good chances for resolution, no matter how strange it may sound, but certain structures had been established on both sides that could handle the tasks they are facing better,” Putin told reporters before he left Brisbane ahead of he formal ending of the summit.
U.S. President Barack Obama, Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe lined up together against Russia on Sunday, vowing to oppose what they called Moscow’s efforts to destabilise eastern Ukraine.
Speaking after a rare trilateral meeting on the sidelines of the summit, the three said they would oppose “Russia’s purported annexation of Crimea and its actions to destabilise eastern Ukraine”, and were committed to “bringing to justice those responsible for the downing of Flight MH17.”
The Malaysian Airlines flight was shot down over Ukraine earlier this year. Obama is due to meet European leaders to discuss Ukraine later in the day and EU foreign ministers will meet on Monday to consider further steps, including additional possible sanctions on Russia.
SECURITY, CLIMATE CHANGE
Security and climate change have overshadowed G20 talks on boosting flagging global economic growth at the summit. “The most difficult discussion was on climate change,” an EU official told reporters on condition of anonymity. “This was really trench warfare, this was really step by step by step. In the end we have references to most of the things we wanted.”
As world leaders debated how to tackle climate change, environmental protesters outside the summit venue sweltered in the scorching heat of the Australian summer. Australia, one of the world’s biggest carbon emitters continued…

Just 1/5th of firms registered for manufactu...You are here: Home > Collections
Just 1/5th of Indian firms registered for manufacturing business
PTI Nov 16, 2014, 11.51AM IST
Tags:
Corporate Affairs Ministry
(There were around 14.23…)
NEW DELHI: India may have nearly 10 lakh active companies, but less than one-fifth of them are into manufacturing activities and a majority are into business services.
There were around 14.23 lakh companies registered with the Corporate Affairs Ministry , out of which about 9.92 lakh were active at the end of September, shows latest data.
Thousands of new companies are registered every month and September alone saw entry of 6,864 new registered companies.
An analysis of the Ministry data shows that a majority of active companies are into 'business services', followed by manufacturing, trading and construction.
Business services refers to information technology , research and development, among their activities.
"Economic-activity wise classification of active companies reveals that highest number of companies are in business services (2.40 lakh) followed by manufacturing (2.11 lakh), trading (1.48 lakh) and construction (1.05 lakh)," according to the Ministry's monthly bulletin for September.
While India has more number of services companies, the government has embarked on an ambitious 'Make In India' campaign to make the country a manufacturing hub.
Meanwhile, out of the 14.23 lakh registered companies, more than 2.60 lakh entities have been shuttered while 1,41,714 entities have not filed their statutory annual filings for three consecutive years.
In terms of states/union territories, Maharashtra had the maximum number of active companies at the end of September at 2.10 lakh, followed by Delhi (1.92 lakh) and West Bengal (1.36 lakh).
FEATURED ARTICLES

Top Sensex cos add Rs 36 840 cr in market va...Top 7 Sensex companies add Rs 36,840.41 crore in market valuation; ITC shines
PTI Nov 16, 2014, 12.09PM IST
Tags:
Coal India
(Coal India's market valuation…)
NEW DELHI: Seven of the top 10 Sensex companies added a total Rs 36,840.41 crore to their market valuation last week which saw the indices touching life time highs on continued FII inflows.
FMCG giant ITC was the biggest gainer among top 10 companies with an addition of Rs 10,015.78 crore to its market capitalisation that stood at Rs 2,93,849.29 crore at close on Friday last.
Coal India's market valuation moved up by Rs 7,453.31 crore to Rs 2,25,178.39 crore, while HDFC Bank added Rs 7,317.36 crore to Rs 2,24,423.20 crore.
The m-cap of TCS jumped Rs 6,365.86 crore to Rs 5,10,444.51 crore, while that of SBI moved up by Rs 3,441.7 crore to Rs 2,08,178.17 crore.
Similarly, Infosys' value rose by Rs 1,128.37 crore to Rs 2,40,510.20 crore and that of ICICI Bank advanced by Rs 1,118.03 crore to Rs 1,96,211.65 crore.
Encouraging macro data and FII inflows helped Sensex capture the milestone of 28K-level and Nifty to hit fresh record highs during the week. The BSE benchmark Sensex gained 178.03 points last week.
On the other hand, ONGC, RIL and Sun Pharma witnessed a decline in their market valuations.
ONGC was the biggest loser with its m-cap declining by Rs 13,603.23 crore to Rs 3,36,530.20 crore.
RIL lost Rs 3,800.9 crore in its valuation to Rs 3,13,501.28 crore and Sun Pharma shed Rs 1,066.62 crore to Rs 1,83,603.38 crore.
The ranking of top-10 firms remained intact as previous week, with TCS retaining its numero-uno position followed by ONGC, RIL, ITC, Infosys, CIL, HDFC Bank, SBI, ICICI Bank and Sun Pharma.
FEATURED ARTICLES

NSE pushed to 2nd spot in trade volumes'NSE pushed to 2nd spot in trade volumes; NASDAQ No 1'
PTI Nov 16, 2014, 11.57AM IST
Tags:
BSE
(In the same period last year…)
NEW DELHI: US-based Nasdaq OMX has emerged as the largest bourse in the world in terms of total number of equity trades so far in 2014, followed by India's National Stock Exchange (NSE) at the second spot.
In the same period last year (January-October of 2013), NSE was on the top, as per an analysis of data compiled by the World Federation of Exchanges (WFE).
The equity trade volumes on Nasdaq OMX stood at 144.2 crore, making it the top exchange among 52 global peers for the period January-October, 2014.
NSE which logged in 141.74 crore equity trade volumes comes a close.
In the January-October period of 2013, Nasdaq was at the fifth place, after NSE, Shenzhen SE, NYSE and Shanghai SE in the first four places.
For this year, Nasdaq and NSE are followed by Shenzhen SE, NYSE and Shanghai SE among the top five.
Another major Indian bourse, BSE recorded 32.39 crore equity trades in the period under review, maintaining it place as the eight largest exchange in the world for this category.
The number of listed companies is much larger at BSE, but it lags behind NSE in terms of value and volume of trades.
While equity trades on Nasdaq have jumped 51 per cent year-on-year, the volumes on NSE surged by 16 per cent.
China's Shenzhen SE recorded about 128.4 crore equity volumes followed closely by NYSE with 128.25 crore trades.
Others among the top-ten included Korea Exchange (6th), Japan Exchange Group - Tokyo (7th), TMX Group (9th) and BM&FBOVESPA (10th).
As per WFE's data, the total number of equity trades globally rose by nearly 18 per cent to little over 1,000 crore.
Individually, Asia-Pacific region logged in a total of 616.76 crore equity trades, more than 554.73 crore trades in January-October 2013.
Meanwhile, the two other regions -- Americas and Europe-Africa-Middle East (EAME)-- saw 316.37 crore and 67.14 crore trades respectively -- much higher than volumes witnessed in the period year ago.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India under pressure to lay out climate plans at G20 summitIndia under pressure to lay out climate plans at G20 summit
Urmi Goswami, ET Bureau Nov 14, 2014, 04.12AM IST
Tags:
Barack Obama
(With US President Barack…)
NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Narendra Modi and his Australian counterpart Tony Abbott may want to focus on economic growth, investments and jobs at the G-20 summit this weekend, but the US-China climate deal on Wednesday is set to put emissions on top of the agenda in Brisbane.
With US President Barack Obama and his Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping expected to use the G-20 platform to get other members to come forward and announce plans to reduce carbon emissions, India may feel the pressure the most as the third largest emitter of greenhouse gases behind the US and China, accounting for 6% of global emissions. In the past, the G-20 has served as a platform for giving important political directions on climate change.
In the 2007 G-20 meeting in Germany, for example, the then PM Manmohan Singh had committed that India's per capita emission of carbon dioxide would never exceed the per-capita emissions of advanced developed countries.
The Brisbane Summit could see a push for some kind of indication of intent by the world's biggest economies. The G-20 accounts for 66% of the world's population, 85% of global GDP and 76% of global carbon emissions.
But it is not just G-20 summit that will put India in focus. During Modi's visit to Fiji after the Australian tour, Pacific island countries may urge him to announce India's efforts to reduce its carbon emissions and tackle climate change.
Tony de Brum, foreign affairs minister of Marshall Island, has called on "all major emitters" to announce their plans and has said that he will be discussing the issue during Modi's visit to the Pacific. "The G20 is the perfect opportunity for the world's biggest economies to recommit to having their proposed targets on the table by March 2015, at the very latest. I look forward to discussing this personally with both Chinese President XI and Indian Prime Minister Modi during their respective visits to the Pacific following G-20," he said.
As of now, New Delhi has no plans to make any announcements at the G20 summit. "We are consulting experts, former negotiators, and civil society organisations in order to craft our position in Lima (climate meet in December)," a senior government functionary said.
Indications are that India will showcase its efforts to reduce the rate of growth of emissions, focusing on improving energy efficiency and enhancing renewable energy portfolio. The package is expected to include the doubling of the coal cess announced in the Budget, a dedicated adaptation fund, and the nine missions comprising the National Action Plan on Climate Change.
Environment minister Prakash Javadekar has already held a round of consultations with the members of the re-constituted Prime Minister's Council on Climate Change.
While India will not be expected to set a peaking year, or take steps to reduce the amount of carbon emitted, as a growing economy it will be expected to put forward measures that would reduce the rate of growth of carbon emissions or the amount of carbon it emits for every dollar of GDP.
The EU's position is echoed by several other countries, but given India's important and visible role in climate negotiations, particularly over the last five years, there is an increasing expectation that India will step up and make public its efforts to do its share in addressing climate change.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Fresh startups consider brand building vital for bizFresh start ups see brand building as critical component of business plan
ET Bureau Nov 14, 2014, 04.00AM IST
(The results, entrepreneurs…)
BENGALURU: In a fast evolving ecosystem where startups battle against odds to grab attention of all and sundry, branding has become a critical component of business plan. Startups these days are strategising from the start with the intention of creating a strong identity for their products or services, to reap longterm business rewards.
Creya Learning, Soothe Healthcare and Giftingnation.com are some examples of companies that have designed a branding exercise since their inception and have not hesitated to spend bucks on creative agencies. The results, entrepreneurs said, are manifold ranging from increasing customer base, attracting investor attention and better recall value in respective fraternities.
Education startup Creya brought on board Idiom Design and Consulting as branding partners early into their journey. "All of us three founders had divergent ideas. Idiom helped us crystallise our ideas and thoughts on what our brand stands for. They gave us alternatives to pick up from," said Datla V Reddy, coach and co-founder, Creya.
"We've got a high recall value in the fraternity and we come across as different to others. Opening doors has become that much easier with customers," Reddy added in the context of benefits to branding. Similarly, for Bengaluru-based Giftingnation.
com, a discovery portal for gifts, branding was important to break free from clutter in the sector. "It's crowded with pricing and aggressive marketing strategies," said Srinivas Mothey, managing director, Giftingnation, that started its branding activities six months into launch mid-last year. "We wanted to make gifting relevant for 365 days of the year and move it from occasion-led to moments," Mothey said, who hired Propaganda India, an advertising agency in the city for the same.
The portal now gets 2,000 unique visitors daily, up from 500-600 and has 34,000 Facebook likes. "Our stickiness has increased. Repeat users have gone up too without mailers. We've also been able to build personalised relationships with customers," Mothey said.
More importantly, branding has increased its vendor base and has sought the attention of biggies like Park Avenue, Cadbury's, and Manchester United who have approached them to stock merchandise on the site. Twenty of its 100 vendors are big brands, Mothey said.
"The entire process of branding isn't just about looking good but should mirror the character of a business. The image should depict where you want to be, or what you've achieved or where you are," said Reshma Thomas, partner, Purplemango, a creative agency in Bengaluru specialising in branding and design and has worked with startups too.
The big picture here is perception of a brand in the eyes of investors, as seen in the case of Noida-based Soothe Healthcare makers of low-cost sanitary napkins Paree, and online youth apparel company CampusSutra.com.
Dhiraj Agarwal, founder and CEO of CampusSutra.com, that's in talks with investors to raise $2 million in funding, said the prototype of a new and improved website has resonated well with investors. The company hired Propaganda India, a five-year-old advertising firm in Bengaluru for branding initiatives that included website revamp. "There's a much better understanding of what our business is now," Agarwal said.
For Sahil Dharia, managing director of Soothe, building brand Paree was important to connect to his target audience which is women aged between 14 and 30 years in the Rs 1.5-5 lakh household income bracket. "Primary thing is to address huge market. Brand would be the right way to connect to make Paree a lifestyle choice," Dharia said, whose branding activities were based on TG insights that came out of extensive market research.
The efforts paid off well as the company's been approached by strategic investors interested in taking the brand forward and has been commanding valuations 10x of current revenues. Soothe will close FY15 at around Rs 3.5 crore, Dharia said.
"We have been approached by market players who are telling us to expand Paree into a personal care range," he shared, adding that they will be introducing deodorants to Paree's portfolio.
FEATURED ARTICLES

B-School placements set to rock; e-comm tops chartsAmazon
(“The students are rooting…)
MUMBAI: Recruiters heading for campus placements will find the batch of 2015 free of the usual jitters. Placement cells of more than 11 top B-schools point out this may be the best placement season in the past few years.
Factors such as bigger pay packets, more job offers and companies waking up from a hiring freeze have resulted in students displaying a larger risk appetite and testing the market for recruitments despite pre-placement offers (PPOs) in hand.
Placement cells of IIM Indore, XLRI, MDI Gurgaon, NMIMS,IIM Calcutta and IIM Lucknow have found students in larger-than-expected groups, wanting to join the e-commerce and startup industry. "E-commerce is the most buzzing sector on campus," says Prabudh Jain, student placement coordinator, MDI, Gurgaon. Agrees Suvarna Athavale, external relations secretary, IIM Calcutta , "E-commerce is growing rapidly in India, and many students are interested especially because of its unique challenges. Students are also expecting to bag more offers than before."
Banking and consulting, the traditional favourities, are still popular on campus, especially when it comes to strategy consulting roles from the likes of McKinsey & Co, BCG, Bain & Co and the like.
An earlier indication of the popularity of ecommerce was revealed during the 'ET Top Recruiters in B-School' survey when, for the first time, e-commerce recruiters such as Flipkart and Amazon joined the top 10 rankings, alongside traditional recruiters such as Cognizant , ICICI Bank and Deloitte, which have consistently been making it to the top 10 over the past few years.
At Mumbai-based NMIMS, the placement team is trying to double the number of startups they got last year to placate one-fourth of the batch who want to join these new-age firms. NMIMS has 450 students to place and had five start-ups hiring from their campus, last year.
"The students are rooting for smaller companies that are below the radar like Salt n Soap, and not just larger ones like Flipkart and Amazon," says the chairperson , placements of one of the top B-schools who does not wish to be named. Students believe opportunities to learn may be more in smaller firms. Besides, the large number of deals in the startup phase has boosted their confidence, adds the chairperson.
Arpit M (name changed), an IIM Bangalore final year student has a PPO like many in his batch. However, most of his classmates, despite their PPOs, will sit for interviews again during final placements. "In any other year, a PPO would have sealed our decision, but those trying their luck this time despite PPOs could be higher," he says.
Student placement committee member, Mahima Sushil of IMI Delhi, says, "It's still early days but we are expecting a good number of first-time recruiters as well." Deferred placements may also increase because more students want to start their own ventures, in an economy that whets the risktaking appetite. Around 20 graduates from the Class of 2014 across the six older IIMs alone had opted out of cushy corporate jobs to launch their own ventures.
Rajiv Mishra, chairperson, placements at XLRI has already seen a couple of students discussing deferred placements. XLRI has 180 students to place. Usually, a few students opt for deferred placements, but this year could see more doing so. B-schools offer deferred placements to top students who want to start their own businesses but in case of a failed attempt, get help from their alma mater for another shot at recruitment.
Indications are that companies may shell out more for their choice of candidates. A placement cell member at one of the newer IIMs, IIM Rohtak, says that freshers are expecting anywhere between Rs 12 lakh and Rs 16 lakh per annum. "This, despite the fact that average work experience for this batch is about 14 months as compared to three years last time. For the batch of 2014, the average salary was at Rs 9.72 lakh," he says. "The season has begun with a bang," says Jain from MDI Gurgaon. "It's still early days, but as compared to last year when the average salary was at Rs 14.74 lakh, we are expecting around or above Rs 16 lakh."
Although students are treading with caution, some positivity from the summers has rubbed off on the students of IIM Bangalore. "During summer placements, firms made more offers and if that happens again during finals, it will change the game," says Sapna Agarwal, head, Career Development Services of IIM Bangalore. Summer placements ended in record time for most B-schools, and many companies across campuses had to be declined.
At XIM, Bhubaneswar, feelers have been sent from IT firms and FMCG companies that had not hired in the past four years, for IT system profile and roles in marketing.
At IIM Lucknow, PE firms and investment banks are returning with more profiles, says Pushpendra Priyadarshi, chairperson, placement. "The batch of 2015 has also shown signs of being selective about their roles and plans to wait for the right offer than accept the first one," says a student placement cell member of IIM Indore.
FEATURED ARTICLES

LPG sop directly into accounts; pilot project starts todayYou are here: Home > Collections
New subsidy regime in New Year: LPG sop will go directly to accounts; pilot project starts today
Rajeev Jayaswal, ET Bureau Nov 15, 2014, 06.33AM IST
(Oil Minister has now ordered…)
NEW DELHI: All consumers will have to buy cooking gas at market rates from New Year's Day as the government has issued firm instructions that the subsidy will be transferred directly to bank accounts as it seeks to end illicit supplies to restaurants, cars and factories, besides slashing the subsidy bill and boosting private investment.
After recently eliminating the diesel subsidy, which had ballooned to Rs 62,837 crore, Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan has now ordered state oil companies to ensure that the scheme — which is being launched as a pilot on Saturday for 2.33 crore customers in 54 districts — is smoothly expanded to the entire country on January 1, 2015.
Some oil industry executives had expressed doubts about the successful rollout of the scheme to the entire country in barely six weeks of the launch in 54 districts after the UPA government botched up the programme after expanding it to 291 districts just before the general election. It had been forced to withdraw the programme after Congress leaders said it was costing them votes.
The oil ministry is, however, confident about success this time around. "The old DBTL (direct benefit transfer of LPG) scheme failed because Aadhaar number was made mandatory to avail subsidy. We have modified the scheme so that the consumer will not face any difficulty in getting subsidised cylinders," Pradhan told ET.
Under the modified DBTL, a consumer will be eligible for subsidised LPG cylinders even without the Aadhaar number, Pradhan said.
Embracing DBT Principle
Consumers without the unique ID will also receive cash directly in their bank accounts. They can switch to Aadhaar-based cash transfers once they have been enrolled by informing dealers and banks.
Customers have six months to tell LPG dealers their bank account numbers without losing the subsidy amount. While subsidised cylinders will be delivered to them in the first three months, they will have to buy at market rates after that. The subsidy will be remitted to their bank accounts within the next three months, officials said.
For the first subsidy payment, the money will be transferred to the bank account of consumers as soon as they make the first booking for a cylinder after joining the scheme, prior to delivery. This advance ensures that consumers have extra cash to pay for the first cylinder at market price. The permanent advance shall be notified for consumers now joining the scheme separately.
The move reflects the embrace of the direct benefits transfer principle introduced, albeit with limited success, by the UPA government. Aadhaar has meanwhile covered more than half the country's population.
"The UIDAI (Unique Identification Authority of India) has, till date, issued over 70.7 crore Aadhaar numbers," the government said in a release on Friday. "Nine states/UTs including Andhra Pradesh, Kerala, Delhi and Himachal Pradesh have crossed 90% Aadhaar coverage, while a further seven states/UTs have Aadhaar coverage of between 70% and 90%."
In the 54 districts in which the pilot is being launched, 95% of consumers already have Aadhaar numbers. The new scheme ensures that consumers receive SMS alerts on their registered mobile numbers at every stage of enrollment in the scheme.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Northwest Delhi turning into India s newest tech hotspotAcquevix
(The low rentals, engineering…)
NEW DELHI: Students once flocked there to be coached on how to enter elite universities. These days a new breed of youngsters are turning the dusty fringes of northwest Delhi into India's newest hotspot for technology startups.
The low rentals, engineering talent and ease of connectivity are combining to make these areas — that are a mere 30-minute metro ride from central Delhi — a magnet for young entrepreneurs dreaming of building the next billion-dollar startup.
"It is a mini Bangalore — a perfect ecosystem to start a tech product business," said Sparsh Gupta, an Oxford University graduate who started website performance testing startup Wingify from his bedroom in West Delhi in 2009.
His company as well as other startup offices in the area offer a range of perks for employees from free laundry service to gyms, gaming rooms, massage chairs, unlimited chocolates and 24x7 food and snacks, once regarded as privileges offered by multinational companies.
Wingify and startups like Posist, IIMJobs, Zest.md, TweetSecrets, Ad-Pushup, Acquevix, Zecross and 99Fusion all are located within a radius of about seven kilometres spanning the suburbs of Netaji Subhash Place (NSP), Pitampura and Rohini. While higher priced locations like Gurgaon and Okhla have several ecommerce companies, West Delhi with its campuses of engineering colleges is emerging as a technology startup hub.
Investing in Each Other's Cos
"We want to build India's first billion dollar valued product company and are not even open currently to external funding," said Paras Chopra, CEO of Wingify, which earns revenue of over $10 million (Rs 60 crore) a year, all from clients based in the US.
Chopra, an alumnus of Delhi College of Engineering, regards the area as premier hunting ground for recruits. His five-year-old startup occupies the 14th floor of an upmarket building in the area, where rentals are about Rs 60 per square feet, almost half of what a plush Gurgaon set-up charges.
In an adjacent building, 26-year old Shivanshu Jindal runs TweetSecret, a Hollywood-focused celebs tweet platform. The company allows celebs to tweet videos of their backstage and personal life to subscribers and the money earned is shared with the celebrities.
The startup, which has its sales headquarters in Los Angeles, works with about 35 celebrities such as WWE wrestlers Chris Jericho, Rob Van Dam and Shelly Martinez besides a few Hollywood actors. "The energy of entrepreneurs all around pumps you with motivation every day you come to work," said Jindal, who charges about $2.99 per month per user.
  Several web training academies in the area skill people in coding. College dropouts Atul Aggarwal and Ankit Oberoi started teaching ethical hacking skills in 2008. The business thrived and they opened over 20 branches across India in last five years. Last year, the duo started AdPushup, a testing platform for online ads. This month, AdPushup raised about Rs 3.8 crore from about 14 angel investors that includes Slideshare co-founder Amit Ranjan and Wingify's Chopra.
"The web training shops earlier catered to the small merchants of Old Delhi. Now they are catering to the US companies," said Oberoi, 25, who has registered his company in Delaware, US. Backed by seed capital, he is now opening a new office replete with nap rooms, gym, foosball and free cafeteria to attract the technology talent from across India.
The recruitment strategy is working. "West Delhi was one of the last places on my bucket list to even visit in India. But the billion-dollar dreams of Wingify founders has pulled me here," said Sanket Nadhani, now responsible for global expansion at the Delhi-based startup. He moved from Bangalore, where he was head of marketing at enterprise software maker FusionCharts.
The young entrepreneurs from the area are also investing in each other's companies. MantraGrid Inc founder Arun Bansal, who has started TheServerGuy, a marketplace of server experts, has also invested in AdPushup. "TheServerGuy is a global marketplace curated by us and run from Delhi to solve any server problem for global customers," said Bansal, 25. His previous company MantraGrid provides IT services from North-West Delhi.
Things weren't as rosy few years ago. Recruitment consultants would reject West Delhi-based Ashish Tulsian's requests just four years ago to find them some senior talent for a telecom software company.
"Candidates won't even turn up for an interview," said Tulsian, who shut the telecom venture to start Posist, a cloud-based restaurant management platform. Last month Posist raised Rs 3 crore from investors such as Sameer Guglani of Chandigarh-based incubator - The Morpheus and Muthu Murugappan, scion of the Rs 22,500-crore Murugappa Group. "The spread of metro across the capital has eased recruitment. It is encouraging people to start up," he added.
Industry experts are of the view that the presence of techies from local college campuses and a vibrant community of ethical hackers has helped to nurture the tech ecosystem in the area. "(They) are now branching out to develop global tech products," said Mumbai Angels' member Utsav Somani, who has invested in local technology startups like AdPushup, Testbook and Zippr.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Dispute over will rocks law firm Amarchand MangaldasDispute over will rocks law firm Amarchand Mangaldas; Shardul & Cyril Shroff in legal battle over assets
Vinod Mahanta & Maulik Vyas, ET Bureau Nov 15, 2014, 06.45AM IST
Tags:
Amarchand Mangaldas
(Shardul, the managing partners…)
MUMBAI: Two of India's top lawyers, Shardul and Cyril Shroff, brothers who run the law firm Amarchand Mangaldas & Suresh A Shroff & Co (AMSS) could find themselves in a protracted legal battle over the assets and ownership of the law firm.
Shardul, the Delhi-based elder brother and one of the two managing partners of the country's largest corporate law firm, has approached the Bombay High Court seeking a direction to implement his late mother Bharti Shroff 's will.
The petition, which was filed on Friday, is the denouement of a dispute which has simmered for months and had become common knowledge in Mumbai's corporate, banking and legal circles.
Two of India's top bankers and a number of top industrialists are said to have acted as mediators in an attempt to resolve the matter. These attempts appear to have failed, at least for now.
When asked about the case in the high court, Cyril Shroff said he was yet to decide whether to accept the will. "I will never initiate any legal action which is public in nature, as it impacts the family and firm's name. I have not yet decided as to whether I am accepting the will or not. We are more focused on our clients, partners and people working with us, and for them there will be business as usual," he said. He declined comment on the details of the dispute.
"This is an internal family matter and we do not wish to comment on such issues," said Radhika Garg, head of corporate communications at the Delhi operations of Amarchand Mangaldas, headed by Shardul Shroff. Senior advocate MP Bharucha, whose law firm Bharucha & Partners is representing the elder brother in court, declined comment.
In the will which is at the heart of the dispute, Bharti, the wife of Suresh S Shroff, father of Cyril and Shardul, has willed her equity in the law firm and her personal wealth to elder son Shardul, a move that creates ambiguity in the ownership structure of the firm that was till her death run jointly by Cyril and Shardul. Currently, the Shroff brothers own around 60% in the firm with the rest being held by non-family equity partners.
Will Contradicts Family Pact
People privy to the developments say the will contradicts a 1994 family agreement under which Bharti Shroff 's ownership stake was to be equally divided between the two brothers. Further, her share in Amarchand Tower Properties, a partnership that owns properties in Delhi, has also been willed to Shardul Shroff.
  The ownership dispute has been discussed by members of Amarchand Mangaldas' management committee, according to people familiar with the matter. Two independent members (the committee has seven members in all), George Golding and James Abraham, recently moved a resolution that there cannot be ambiguity in the ownership of the firm and on principle of equality, Bharti Shroff's shares should be distributed equally between the two managing partners.
They also contended that family matters should not have any consequence for the firm. Sources said the resolution, which was circulated over email earlier this week, was passed 5:2 in Cyril Shroff 's favour. Cyril declined comment on the resolution.
AMSS is the country's largest law firm with over 600 lawyers and more than 80 partners. The firm has gone from strength to strength in the past decade fuelled by a M&A and banking finance boom, and Amarchand's next phase of growth was chalked out by consulting major BCG with the aim to reach a Rs 1,000-crore turnover, along with a bench strength of 100 partners and some 1,000 lawyers.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Smriti Irani defends Sanskrit replacing German as 3rd language in KVsYou are here: Home > Collections > Schools
HRD Minister Smriti Irani defends Sanskrit replacing German as 3rd language in KVs
ET Bureau Nov 15, 2014, 01.55AM IST
Tags:
Smriti Irani
(The Minister said "an investigation"…)
NEW DELHI: Union HRD Minister Smriti Irani has said that the decision to drop German as a third language in Kendriya Vidyalayas (KVS) was taken to correct a violation that was inherited as legacy by her ministry from the UPA government.
According to Irani, the MoU between KVS and the Goethe-Institut of Max Mueller Bhawan, which was signed in 2011, when Kapil Sibal was the HRD minister, was against the national education policy and the National Curriculum Framework which allows only an Indian language to be taught as a third language in schools. "How could I have made a foreign language a third language in schools," the minister told reporters at a press interaction held on Friday.
This decision will affect students who opted for German but will have to learn another Indian language afresh midway through their schooling. The move has been criticised by NDA ally PMK which urged the prime minister to roll back the decision.
FEATURED ARTICLES

IIM-A plans to widen diversity in classroomB-school
(Apart from wooing foreigners,…)
MUMBAI: From next year, students of the Indian Institute of Management in Ahmedabad are likely to rub shoulders with a more diverse set of batchmates, including foreigners.
Even as MBA aspirants gear up to crack the Common Admission Test on Sunday, IIM-A is ready with new initiatives to widen diversity in the classroom. Apart from wooing foreigners , the elite B-school is introducing deferred admissions — offering guaranteed seats to freshers who agree to get work experience — attempts to encourage diversity and deal with what director Ashish Nanda calls "homogeneity" in the classroom.
"Our objective is to educate leaders of enterprises. We find the students learn to be better leaders when the classroom they come into has a richness and diversity of experience," says Nanda, the first director to be hired from an overseas institute in IIM-A's 53-year history. Nanda, who worked at Harvard Business School for over 13 years before moving to Harvard Law School, has loosely modelled the deferred admissions policy on the 2+2 programme at Harvard.
Freshers who get admission at IIM-A from the 2015-17 session will — if the institute feels they would benefit from the experience — be given the choice of coming back in two years after gaining relevant work experience. The institute will guarantee their seat when they return.
"The Indian psyche often is that you try and finish your entire formal education at one go. If a student works really hard and manages to get into IIM-A, they don't want to take the risk of forfeiting their seat," observes Nanda. "We are trying to change that by reserving seats for some bright students without work experience while they go and get some work experience before joining. That way, the students benefit, as do their classes."
Globally, top business schools look for diversity of age, work experience, gender, ethnicity and culture to enhance the classroom experience and bring together students from varied backgrounds. The IIMs have been trying to get a more diverse mix as well.
First Year will be More of a Test Run
While efforts to get a better proportion of women have been bearing fruit of late, they are still faced with a preponderance of engineers and freshers or people with very little work experience. Attempts to bring in more international students have not really paid off either.
"With limited diversity comes a limited pool of differential thinking and with limited experience comes a bit of immaturity in terms of how the business world works.
Therefore, the time required for companies like us to train them is more than grads from institutes like Harvard and INSEAD, who hit the ground running. This is definitely a great idea on IIM-A's part," says IIM-A alumni Suresh Subudhi, partner and director at the Boston Consulting Group in India.
IIM-A's board has just approved a quota for admitting international students, setting aside additional seats equivalent to 10% of the regular class size for them. This supernumerary quota has so far been used primarily by technical institutes such as the National Institutes of Technology through the MHRD's DASA (Direct Admissions of Students Abroad) scheme. Nanda says that the first year will be more of a test run since they intend to focus on getting a high quality of foreign students.
The institute will soon kick off efforts to attract international students by reaching out to consulates as well as top-rated institutes of targeted countries, initially the littoral states of the Indian Ocean, as well as South and East Africa, the Middle-East, Southeast Asia, and SAARC countries.
"Based on informal interactions, we have already received positive responses," says Nanda. "For instance, Bhutan said it would be eager to give scholarships to students from there who made it to IIM-A. I received similar feedback when visiting Dubai recently," he says. Shikha Sharma, MD & CEO of Axis Bank and an IIM-A alumni, said it was a good move to have a more diverse classroom.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Freezing my eggs No! I d rather have work-life balanceFreezing my eggs? No! I'd rather have work-life balance
Nov 13, 2014, 04.06PM IST
(Shruti Sanyal, 28, a producer…)
By Neha Singh Verma, TimesJobs.com Bureau
Technology giants Apple and Facebook, offering up to $20,000 to their women employees to freeze their eggs, have raised the bar for what organisations will do to promote diversity and retain top talent. Is freezing eggs really a good deal for women employees or their employers? In the Indian context, will this perk/benefit encourage female employees to opt for career over maternity? Before introducing this 'perk' in India, employers will have to consider that Indian women are culturally and mentally attuned to give priority on planning a family and letting their career take a back seat.
Shruti Sanyal, 28, a producer in a leading media company feels this concept will not click with a lot of Indian women, simply because of our culture. According to her, after marriage, pregnancy is the most important event in a woman's life, working or non-working. "Taking a chance with nature's course does not seem to be a good idea, even if it enables better career prospects, with the employer bearing the cost."
It is a universal fact that there has been conflict between a woman's biological clock and career. The time most women employees would like to spend in establishing/rising in their careers, they spend in planning their pregnancy.
According to Aradhana Mozumdar, working in the internet/dot com space, this is personal and she would not like to divulge such personal information to her employer. "By accepting this perk/benefit, one allows the employer to determine/dictate their fertility plans."
Is this really required or will it help? I don't think so, says Preeti Sharma, 32, working as content manager in a leading IT company. The biggest worry is that this procedure doesn't ensure if one will be able to have a baby once they have reached the desired career level. So, why take a risk?
Yukti Bansal, 35, working as technical lead in an ITeS company, is of the opinion that employers should focus on providing better work-life balance and a friendly work environment and not on offering benefits such as freezing eggs. Providing longer maternity leave, bringing back working mothers post pregnancy, opening creches in offices and helping to chart a career growth plan, post pregnancy, will be admirable and much appreciated by the women employees.
The stage of a woman's career is a major deciding factor for the employee while accepting or rejecting this benefit. Bhawna Mongia, 30, a research analyst said, "If I am at that stage of my career (mid-senior position), I might want to opt for this benefit. This allows me to focus on my career and grow at the same time when I am assured my fertility is safely guarded for future."
In view of Deepika Pillai, head-HR, Xavient Information Systems, from a HR point of view especially in the Indian context, it doesn't seem to be a good idea. "In a country like ours, there will be not many takers for such a policy even if we introduce it across levels. I, myself, would not like to go for it. In India, family planning means a great deal for women as well as their families," she added. Indian women employees will be more content with policies providing extended maternity, flexible working hours and creches at workplaces.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Narendra Modi faces competition from Xi JinpingAustralia
(Xi will follow Modi to Fiji…)
NEW DELHI: As Narendra Modi arrived in Brisbane on Friday to take part in his maiden G20 Summit and bilateral trip to Australia -- first by an Indian PM in 28 years -- he has competition at hand from Chinese President Xi Jinping who is also on official trip to the country with a similar goal of expanding economic and energy partnership with Canberra and expanding footprints in the Pacific region.
But it is not Australia alone. Xi will follow Modi to Fiji after his trips to Australia and New Zealand in a nine-day trip to these three countries, sources in the Chinese government said. And Modi is not alone who will address the Joint Session of the Australian Parliament. Xi as well as British PM David Cameron too will have that honour, officials from Canberra said.
The Fiji leg of the tour will be somewhat similar for the Indian PM and Chinese President where they both meet leaders of the Pacific Islands besides the hosts as part of Delhi's and Beijing's strategy to expand respective footprints in the Pacific region, sources informed. China has already emerged as one of the key donors for the Pacific nations, officials well versed with the region pointed out. Delhi's advantage in Fiji, however, is the People of Indian origin there who comprises nearly 38 per cent of the total population.
The importance attached by China to Xi's visit is evident from the high profile party delegation that is accompanying him. His entourage includes Wang Huning, member of the Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China (CPC), Wang Yang, member of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and vice premier, State Councilor Yang Jiechi and Zhou Xiaochuan, head of the People's Bank of China, Chinese government sources said.
While Modi will be a four-day four city tour of Australia that includes public address to the Indian community at Sydney, public reception at Melbourne by the host PM, Parliament address besides serious bilateral dialogue to expand economic and security ties besides G20 summit, Xi will be on a visit to not so famous Australian island state of Tasmania where China is involved in several mining projects, officials in Australian government said. In fact China has been involved in several mining projects across Australia to meet its growing demands compared to India's not so big presence in the key sector in that country. However, Modi, who is being accompanied an influential business delegation would give a fillip to India's bigger involvement in this sector in Australia.
While Modi is keen to make this trip historic by exploring avenues to upgrade bilateral ties in sphere of trade, investments and security and sell soft power, Xi's stay will be marked by hard power that will see conclusion of a free-trade agreement and unveiling of Sydney as a renminbi trading hub. Australian government sources told ET that Canberra expects that bilateral FTA with Delhi will concluded before end of 2015.
Xi is more familiar with Australia than most world leaders, having first visited in 1988 as 34-year-old vice-mayor of Xiamen city. After stopping by in Tasmania on this trip, his fifth to the country, he will have visited all eight states and territories. He arrives in Australia on the back of APEC, where a display of diplomacy, deal-making and ambition reflected China's influence on the international stage.
However, it this ambition of Beijing in economy but more so in strategic sphere that is drawing India and Australia closer. Officials said Modi and Australian PM Tony Abbott would spend considerable time in deliberating on expanding maritime security and multilateral security dialogue. Australia wants to join US-India-Japan dialogue to make it quadrilateral. Defence is a growing area of cooperation with two countries set to hold maiden naval exercise next year. Delhi and Canberra are eyeing closer maritime security cooperation in India Ocean Region and Pacific theatre with growing demand for Indo-Pacific region instead of Asia-Pacific to reflect present day realities.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Reform has to be people-driven: PM Narendra Modi at G20G20 Leaders
(Addressing the gathering…)
BRISBANE: As he seeks to accelerate his economic reform drive, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today said reform process is bound to face resistance and wanted it to be insulated from political pressures.
Making a strong pitch for economic reforms, Mold told fellow G20 leaders at a Retreat here that reforms should lead to simplification of processes and that methods of governance must be reformed.
The retreat was hosted by Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott at the Queensland Parliament House where the leaders met without aides shortly before the annual summit of the 20 industrialised and major economies kicked off at the Brisbane Convention Centre in the afternoon.
A barbeque lunch was served to the G20 leaders. "Reform is bound to face resistance...must be insulated from political pressures," said Modi.
The Prime Minister also made it clear that reform has to be driven by the people and that it cannot be undertaken by "stealth".
Asserting that reform must be people-centric and people-driven, he said globally reforms are handicapped with perception of being government programmes and a burden on the people and this needs to change.
Modi felt that reforms should lead to simplification of processes and that governance methods must be reformed.
Noting that reform is a continuous multi-stage process and that it must be institutionalised, the prime minister said it must be technology driven and must have scale and address root causes..
External Affairs Ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin told reporters yesterday that Prime Minister Abbott had specially requested Modi to outline his vision for reforms at the informal meeting of G20 leaders at the retreat in addition to his intervention at the main summit.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Startups spending big bucks on creative agencies for brand valueYou are here: Home > Collections
Startups spending big bucks on creative agencies to improve brand value
Shonali Advani, ET Bureau Nov 14, 2014, 12.32PM IST
Tags:
Creya Learning
(The results, entrepreneurs…)
BENGALURU: In a fast evolving ecosystem where startups battle against odds to grab the attention of all and sundry, branding has become a critical component of the business plan. Startups these days are strategising from the start to create a strong identity for their products or services, to reap longterm business rewards.
Creya Learning , Soothe Healthcare , and Giftingnation.com are some examples of companies that have designed a branding exercise since its inception and have not hesitated to spend bucks on creative agencies.
The results, entrepreneurs said, are manifold ranging from increasing customer base, attracting investor attention and better recall value in respective fraternities.
Education startup Creya brought on board Idiom Design and Consulting as branding partners early into their journey. "All of us three founders had divergent ideas. Idiom helped us crystallise our ideas and thoughts on what our brand stands for. They gave us alternatives to pick up from," said Datla V Reddy, coach and co-founder of Creya.
"We've got a high recall value in the fraternity and we come across as different to others. Opening doors has become that much easier with customers," Reddy added in the context of benefits to branding.
Similarly, for Bengaluru-based Giftingnation.com, a discovery portal for gifts, branding was important to break-free from clutter in the sector. "It's crowded with pricing and aggressive marketing strategies," said Srinivas Mothey, managing director, Giftingnation, which started its branding activities six months into launch mid last year. "We wanted to make gifting relevant 365 days of the year and move it from occasion-led to moments," Mothey said, who hired Propaganda India, an advertising agency in the city for the same.
The portal now gets 2,000 unique visitors daily, up from 500-600 and has 34,000 Facebook likes. "Our stickiness has increased. Repeat users have gone up too without mailers. We've also been able to build personalised relationships with customers," Mothey said.
More importantly, branding has increased its vendor base and has sought the attention of biggies like Park Avenue, Cadbury's, and Manchester United who have approached them to stock merchandise on the site. About 20 of its 100 vendors are big brands, Mothey said. "The process of branding isn't just about looking good but should mirror the character of a business. The image should depict where you want to be, or what you've achieved or where you are," said Reshma Thomas, partner, Purplemango, a creative agency in Bengaluru specialising in branding and design and has worked with startups too.
The big picture here is perception of a brand in the eyes of investors, as seen in the case of Noida-based Soothe Healthcare, makers of lowcost sanitary napkins Paree, and online youth apparel company CampusSutra.com.
Dhiraj Agarwal, founder and CEO of CampusSutra.com that's in talks with investors to raise $2 million in funding, said the prototype of a new and improved website has resonated well with investors. The company hired Propaganda India, a five-year-old advertising firm in Bengaluru for branding initiatives that included website revamp."There's a much better understanding of what our business is now," Agarwal said.
For Sahil Dharia, managing director of Soothe, building brand Paree was important to connect to his target audience, which is women aged between 14-30 years in the Rs 1.5 to 5 lakh household income bracket."The primary thing is to address a huge market. Branding would be the right way to connect to make Paree a lifestyle choice," Dharia said, whose branding activities were based on TG insights that came out of extensive market research.
The efforts paid off well as the company's been approached by strategic investors interested in taking the brand forward and has been commanding valuations 10x of current revenues. Soothe will close FY14-15 at around Rs 3.5 crore, Dharia said. "We have been approached by market players who are telling us to expand Paree into a personal care range," he shared, adding that they will be introducing deodorants to Paree's portfolio.
Priya Jayaraman, co-founder and business director of Propaganda, who has worked with a myriad set of startups, including CampusSutra and Giftingnation, said most companies come on board as clients at pre-investment stage or when just funded to ensure that the entrepreneur's vision is depicted correctly. "That's the juncture when the brand can scale up. It takes a while to reach customers, however, having a brand and vision helps everyone in the startup come on the same page, hire, and build philosophies internally that resonate with their vision," she said.
Other startup clients include social enterprise Drishti Eye Hospital, and six-month old mobile payments startup, Momoe. "Before you think about branding, you need to make sure your brand is defined.Give time to formalise the entity itself," Thomas advised.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sterilisation deaths: Rahul alleges cover-uppolitical parties
"Truth is that it is not only a case of negligence. Here corruption has a role, fake medicines have a role," he told reporters.
The Congress party vice president Rahul Gandhi on Saturday visited the victims of the botched up family planning surgeries in Bilaspur and blamed the state government for the incident.
“This is not just a case of negligence but corruption had a role to play in it. Outdated medicines seem to have been used, but the state government is not accepting its responsibility and is trying to cover-up the lapses,” said Mr.Gandhi at a press conference after meeting the victims at the Chhattisgarh Institute of Medical Sciences (CIMS) and Apollo hospital in Bilaspur .
He also paid a visit to the relatives of women who died after the surgeries.
Thirteen women lost their lives and many were admitted to different hospitals in Bilaspur earlier this week after undergoing "faulty" surgeries at family planning camps organized by the government.
The Congress vice president alleged that "defective" medicines were being burnt in an attempt to cover up the issue.
“Government is there to serve the people and provide proper health care facilities. But exactly opposite is happening in Chhattisgarh. There is something amiss in this case. A complete family depends on a mother and these surgeries have damaged many families by damaging mothers. The family planning camps were not organized properly,” Mr.Gandhi told reporters.
Expressing “grief” over the deaths, he said that the state government and state health minister should be held responsible for the incident.

Sri Lanka undermining Indian interests by favouring China: TNAWe are maintaining good ties with all countries: Peiris
A senior Tamil parliamentarian has accused Sri Lanka of seeking to undermine Indian interests by privileging China.
Addressing the parliament on Friday, R. Sampanthan, leader of Tamil National Alliance (TNA), asked if it was a clear indication of President Mahinda Rajapaksa’s insensitivity to the concerns of neighbouring India or whether Colombo was pursuing a “deliberate, pre-determined programme” to undermine Indian interests to isolate India and free itself from obligations and commitments made to India. Almost 98 per cent of Chinese funding came by way of loans, while one-third of India’s approximately $1.3 billion-assistance was a grant, he said, on the support extended by two countries.
“Is a position sought to be created where India will not be able to play any role in Sri Lanka in keeping with India’s role over the past three decades and consistent with India’s historical, geographical and cultural links with Sri Lanka?” asked Mr. Sampanthan, who headed the TNA delegation that met Prime Minister Narendra Modi in New Delhi in August.
“Is a position sought to be created where India will not be able to play any role in Sri Lanka in keeping with India’s role over the past three decades and consistent with India’s historical, geographical and cultural links with Sri Lanka?”
In response, Foreign Minister G.L. Peiris denied claims that China had hidden interests in Sri Lanka. He told parliament that China’s ties with Sri Lanka went back several years before the current government came to power in 2005. The Ministry’s monitoring MP Sajin de Vass Gunawardena said: “We are maintaining good ties with all countries. We know the importance of India.”
The debate comes at a time when India has been raising serious concerns over China's expanding military presence in Sri Lanka. In October, The Hindu reported Sri Lankan Defence Secretary Gotabhaya Rajapaksa's visit to New Delhi in this connection, and his meeting with National Security Adviser (NSA) Ajit Doval and Defence Minister Arun Jaitley. It is learnt that New Delhi raised the issue of a Chinese submarine that docked at the Colombo Port twice in the last two months. “Even after our repeated requests for prior information, Colombo informed the Indian Mission only after the vessel was docked at the port,” a senior official in New Delhi told The Hindu.

First dissent on gas price  Gujarat firm demands higherratesIn first signs of dissent over the new gas pricing, GSPC has demanded market price for its output from KG basin fields. Reuters
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 16, 2014 12:07 pm
In first signs of dissent over the new gas pricing, Gujarat government firm GSPC has demanded market price for its output from KG basin fields saying it cannot be forced to sell fuel at a rate which is less than the cost of production.
Days after the October 18 government decision to raise natural gas prices to USD 5.61 per unit from USD 4.2, Gujarat State Petroleum Corp (GSPC) shot off a letter to the Oil Ministry, demanding “market determined price” for its ready-to-produce Deen Dayal West (DDW) fields in Bay of Bengal.
“GSPC cannot be put to irreparable harm by directing it to sell at a gas price which is less than the cost of gas production (which includes exploration, development and production cost) from DDW field,” the company wrote.
The firm owned and run by the Gujarat government had last year discovered a market formula that gives a price of about USD 10.5 per million British thermal unit at current oil rate of USD 80 per barrel.
India is not endowed with rich natural resources and most of the reserves are in ultra-deep water, deepsea, and High Pressure-High Temperature (HPHT) areas which requires investment of substantial capital to develop the gas fields irrespective of time of discoveries.
Company, it said, “invested substantial capital in these areas with the assumption of having freedom for marketing the natural gas at market determined price which was the essential and most important feature of NELP contracts”.
GSPC had won the Block KG-OSN-2001/3 in the third round of auctions under NewExploration Licensing Policy (NELP), which was launched by the BJP-led NDA government, in 2003. DDW field in the block was discovered in 2005-06.
“Even Government of India recognises the challenges involved in producing gas from High Pressure-High Temperature areas and has proposed premium for gas produced from such fields (in future). It is requested that same principles shall be applicable for DDW gas field and GSPC shall be allowed to sell gas at marker determined price,” it said.
This will help substitute the costly imported LNG.
GSPC said all facilities of DDW field are under commissioning and currently it was producing about 0.3 million standard cubic meters per day as commissioning gas.
Gas from DDW field, it said, is produced from most challenging conditions like HTHP and low permeability, requiring high capital and technology.
GSPC invested USD 3.2 billion in the field “with the expectation of having freedom for marketing the natural gas at market determined prices which was the essential and most important feature of NELP contracts,” it wrote.
“It may be noted that GSPC received bids for purchase of 35.96 mmscmd of gas above floor price of USD 8.5 (set in the price discovery process last year),” continued…

Markets to consolidate this week; trend remains positive:ExpertsThe BSE Sensex closed last week at 28,046.66 after logging a smart gain of 178.03 points. Reuters
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 16, 2014 12:04 pm
Domestic stock markets, which are at record high levels, may see consolidation in the coming week even as the underlying sentiment is expected to remain positive, say experts.
In absence of any major domestic factors, stock markets would track global cues, investment by overseas investors, movement of rupee against the dollar and crude oil price, they added.
The BSE Sensex closed last week at 28,046.66 after logging a smart gain of 178.03 points. The CNX 50-share Nifty rose 52.90 points to conclude at 8,389.90, after crossing the key 8,400 level during the week.
Notwithstanding the strong upmove in the market, caution is likely to prevail in the equity market ahead of the Reserve Bank of India’s monetary policy review on December 2, traders said.
With July-September earnings season almost over, investors would focus on foreign fund flows, they added.
“Focus would again shift to global markets, progress on reforms and RBI monetary policy,” said Sanjeev Zarbade, Vice President- Private Client Group Research, Kotak Securities.
Markets would also eye the month-long winter session of Parliament that will start on November 24 and conclude on December 23.
“We reiterate our positive view on markets and believe that this consolidation would end with an upside breakout in the coming sessions,” said Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities Limited.
Angel Broking said it maintains positive stance on the market and continues to expect the Nifty test the near term targets of 8500- 8550. Traders are advised to stay with the flow and avoid initiating short positions, he added.
At the global front, Japan would report its preliminary gross domestic product data on Monday. The US Federal Reserve would on Wednesday release minutes of its October policy meeting.

Vladimir Putin leaves G20 summit mid-way  cites need to sleepexcuseRussian President Vladimir Putin.
By: Agence-France Presse | Brisbane (australia) | Posted: November 16, 2014 11:46 am | Updated: November 17, 2014 10:14 am
Vladimir Putin jetted out of Australia Sunday after a testy G20 summit where he faced concerted Western fire over the Ukraine crisis, saying he left slightly early because he needed to get some sleep.
The Russian strongman, a judo black belt who prides himself on his stamina, left before the final communique from the weekend talks was issued, but attended the annual forum’s wrap-up lunch and praised the “constructive” discussions.
Russian President Vladimir Putin yawns at the start of the plenary session at the G20 Summit in Brisbane, Australia. (Source: AP photo)
Speaking at a news conference just before flying out of Brisbane, he thanked Tony Abbott for hosting the event, despite the Australian prime minister threatening to confront him over the shooting down of Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17 over Ukraine in July.
Putin added in comments reported by the RIA Novosti news agency that the decision to leave Brisbane early had nothing to do with tensions over Ukraine.
Instead, he wanted to catch up on some sleep ahead of a full day’s work back home tomorrow.
“We need nine hours to fly from here to Vladivostok and another nine hours from Vladivostok to Moscow,” he said.
“Then we need to get home and return to work on Monday. There’s a need to sleep at least four to five hours.”

Chinas First Lady fast becoming a media darlingNovember 15, 2014, 4:40 am IST Sudeshna Sen in Letters from London | Entertainment , Lifestyle | ET
4
Call her China’s answer to Carla Bruni, the high-profile wife of former French President Nicholas Sarkozy. Carla Bruni or Michelle Obama she isn’t yet, but Peng Liyuan, first lady of China and wife of Premier Xi Jinping, is fast gaining on the global league tables as an international media darling.
Peng has always been in the limelight, but not as first lady – she is one of China’s top folk singers, and over three decades has been at the forefront of the party’s cultural arm. Unlike most of China’s first ladies since Mao Tse Tung’s wife, Peng has been right up there in the limelight along with her husband — accompanying him on state visits, occasionally singing at some state function.
As some commentators point out, Peng is China’s “soft power” answer to the stodgy image of China’s leadership in the past, not just for international media, but also for young Chinese. Reports say that the government machinery actively promotes the image of the loving couple, with photo shoots of them holding hands and exchanging flowers. She’s been described by BBC as “China’s secret weapon to win over the West”— a singing superstar, who isn’t a dowdy wife but willing to share the photo-ops, is just what China wants.
Last week, Peng made more than news. She went viral on various social media sites and grabbed more headline attention than Obama and Xi’s climate change pact.
First the Putin moment. At an even on a cold Beijing evening, Vladimir Putin chivalrously put a shawl around her. It went viral. Putin, according to the Russian analysts, was just being a Russian gentleman (he’s done the same for Angela Merkel), helping a lady on a cold night. Peng reacted impeccably, accepting the gallantry, but after a few minutes switching to her own coat. Apparently, November 11 is Singles Day in China, and the newly single Vladimir Putin is seen as a macho, hot hero among the rank and file of Chinese women (so say the reports).
The local sites went ballistic, the authorities didn’t approve of the insinuation that their first lady was flirting with the Russian president, and clamped down. So far so nothing, other than those clips have gone even more viral internationally. But it gave Peng more visibility than any amount of state visits could have done. And then the bit that tabloids went ballistic over – on stage, at the formal opening her husband was just standing along with a host of global dignitaries, not waving to the crowd while she was. There was a moment she turned and looked at him and he started frantically waving as well. “Chinese leader whipped into shape by his wife on stage” screamed Daily Mail headlines “even the most powerful men can be reduced to meek mice”.
Unlike her husband born to privilege, Peng, born in 1962, has a background that’s rural and poor, with her mother a performer and her father a schoolmaster. Her family was persecuted during the Cultural Revolution, but Peng managed to get into China’s top musical academy at the age of 14. She’s also been described as more Kate Middleton than Kate Middleton, the commoner who married the Prince.
She joined the People’s Liberation Army as her career took off, and is best not known, from the few fragmented reports and photos available, for singing in praise of the Chinese soldiers at a month after the Tiananmen Square massacre. In PLA uniform. Apparently, she still retains a rank in the PLA when she’s not charming the world.
There are also random reports that she was previously married and divorced, like her current husband Xi Jiping. The two have a daughter, and have been married since 1987.
DISCLAIMER : Views expressed above are the author's own.
Characters Remaining: 3000

Companies encourage employees to experiment  fail and taste successEmployees
(As the business world gets…)
A few years ago, FMCG company Marico did a test launch for Zest, a healthy snack product. The results weren't encouraging and the product soon died a quiet death. The same team that had worked on this failed product eventually went on to launch the hugely successful Saffola Masala Oats a few years later.
Sameer Satpathy, CMO, Marico says, "Success has its roots in failure. If you want to be innovative, you have to push boundaries and if things don't work out, question, learn, fix and reapply." It is this clear policy of not punishing failure that resulted in the birth of the value added oats line, which is almost a Rs 100 crore brand today.
The important thing with the Zest experience was that the company focused on the learnings from the failed experiment - how to handle taste and product formats - and applied these elsewhere, rather than reprimand the team working on it.
At SAP Labs, a team spent 60 days working on a traffic management product which finally had to be shelved. It hasn't been worked on in six months and it sits in 'Ideaspace' a cloud where ideas are stored, but if there is interest, it could be revived in the future.
Over the last few years, there has been a marked change in how companies deal with failure. Further, just how failure is defined is undergoing a subtle change. A few years ago, a product which didn't see light of day was instantly dubbed a failure and there were likely to be consequences for the team, but companies like SAP are encouraging employees to experiment.
"Physical infrastructure, like 'Braincloud' and 'Apphouse' are available for employees to play with devices and conceptualise products which could be relevant now or in the long term," says Srikanth Gopalakrishnan, VP-Product Innovation, SAP Labs.
Outside of innovation-focused initiatives too, the approach to business failure is changing. "Working on new initiatives has its own risks; no one is fired for taking calculated risks while working on such projects," says Sriram Ramachandran, Senior Vice-President, Group Strategy Office, Mahindra Group. Integrity is the key though.
As long as the employee's personal integrity has been established and it isn't a mistake made of sheer callousness, most errors and failures aren't punished. An important reason why attitudes are changing is the changing reality of the business world. It is an uncertain world out there and this is throwing up opportunities for business all over the world and companies are realising that they cannot use the same template in the new economy. "You have to be innovative and question the rules of the game. In fact, you have to get on the field and define the rules yourself," says David Lobo, Head of HR, GE South Asia.
In this environment, it becomes essential for companies to allow employees to take calculated business risks without the fear of failure dragging them down if they want to remain relevant. Globally, GE has a long history of moving people across divisions to businesses where they have no background. The message is clear - do something new and don't be afraid of failing.
Since the start of the year, the company has been working to communicate this more visibly through its rank and file and making it an integral part of its beliefs and culture. So, upon failing, an employee is asked what he learned from it and what can be done differently."We have leaders asking these questions so it percolates down to the managers. A manager will do this only if he feels safe making a mistake with a senior leader," says Lobo.
The company is aligning its reward and appreciation systems around it as well. Sending out a clear message that it is okay to fail is one of the most important things an organisation needs to do. Pharma major Eli Lilly used to hold 'failure parties' for drugs that failed in the trial stage but soon realised that scientists didn't necessarily take well to their best efforts being tagged failures.
  At SAP Labs, innovation is at the core of its business, and employees need to know that it is safe to experiment and fail. "Whether you take risk or not depends on your manager. In India, we have over 50 lines of business and we actually evangelise the concept with the managers," says Gopalakrishnan.
The performance management process at Marico makes a clear distinction between results and potential. "If a new launch didn't do well and a person didn't meet targets, their incentives may be hit but not their overall appraisal," says Ashutosh Telang, CHRO, Marico.
When employees see people who have failed at certain projects still being promoted and doing well in the organisation, it sends out a clear message of the organisation not punishing failure. Recognising failure as a necessary evil when talking about innovation also helps.

The rishi-raja connect reveals advisory lessons for today s CEOsYou are here: Home > Collections > Kingdom
The rishi-raja connect reveals advisory lessons for today's CEOs
Nov 14, 2014, 05.14PM IST
(One can see the relationship…)
By Devdutt Pattanaik
When we read the Puranas, one little detail catches your attention. There are sages in the forest known as rishis who continuously visit kings or rajas, or there are rajas continuously visiting the hermitages of rishis.
One can see the relationship between the rishi and the rajas as one between a consultant and a CEO of an organisation. The stories reveal how the relationship can benefit both rishi and raja. The rishi and the raja belong to two different worlds.
The rishi lives in the forest and travels from kingdom to kingdom, never staying in a human settlement for more than a day, except during the four months of the rainy season. His travel across kingdoms exposes him to different ways of governance. His stay in the forest forces him to realize the gap between nature and culture, the ways of the jungle and the rules of the kings.
Kings stay trapped in their kingdom, with little or no exposure to the modes of governance other than their own. They can stay complacent with their own knowledge or learn better skills and take advise from the rishis.
In modern society, consultants play a key role in corporations. Reasons vary. One CEO of a pharmaceutical company revealed that he saw consultants as wild wolves of the forest, while employees as domesticated dogs of the village. When the latter gets too complacent, he gets the wolves in to shake up the system. It kept the dogs on alert.
Another CEO of an FMCG company saw consultants as auditors: external eyes that told him what his own people would not tell. They provided him with a fresh perspective of his own organisation, his market and his own strategy.
In a software company, consultants were used for projects for which the organisation did not want to hire employees; they provided skilled labour, nothing else. Of course, most CEOs agree that consultants are a powerful fig leaf to take tough decisions; they fire guns using the capable branded shoulders of esteemed consultants and get away with ruthless decisions that would otherwise not meet approval of the board and make them infamous in the company.
There is a famous joke that a consultant tells you what you already know and charges you for it. It is a joke cracked by people who do not know how to use a consultant. People often see the consultant for a doctor who solves problems. He is expected to deliver a cure for a sickness: give the magic potion that will give children to the childless king.
 
In the Mahabharata, when Drupada seeks a solution for his problem from the rishi called Upayaja, the rishi tells the king to go to his brother Yaja who will do the needful for 'he seeks earthly pleasures and so will give you what you seek'.
Thus the problem-solving rishi is seen as a separate, even inferior quality, of rishi. A more genuine rishi only offers the kings clarity, better frameworks for decision-making, possibilities, points of views, and draws attention to consequences of various approaches. He leaves the decision to the king.
When a CEO seeks solutions, he is essentially giving up his responsibility as the decision-maker. He ends up outsourcing decision-making and de-risking himself from failure by creating a fall guy or scapegoat in the consultant. The rishi, source of knowledge, but not of solutions, does not care either way for he is steadfast in mind and body, indifferent to success and failure.
In indulging this fear of failure, a king stops beings a king and the sage stops being a sage. The idea of consultants being equated with rishis may be to the liking of many people. For the rishis are visualised as being other worldly and non-materialistic while consultants are very much part of profit-making consulting firms: one is always wondering whose organisation does a consultant's advise benefit, the client's or the consulting firm's.
In stories, rishis are not as non-materialistic as we are given to believe. The rishis are practical. They need material support from kings in order to survive in the jungle: cows, wives, maybe soldiers to protect them from hostile demons of the forest. But it is not quite a consultant fees which is payment for services rendered.
In a rishi-raja relationship the gift to the rishi is not dependent on the quality or quantity of advise given as in the consultant-corporation relationship: a raja is obliged and duty-bound by tradition to take care of the rishis and the rishi is obliged and duty-bound not to ask for anything beyond basic survival needs. In the modern world of consultancy, unfortunately, the advisor has a meter ticking.
Every minute is charged. He wants to increase billing hours while the CEO wants to keep costs low. The result is that somewhere in the relationship the conversation becomes fake as money takes its toll.
(The author writes and lectures on relevance of mythology in management. He is the author of Business Sutra: an Indian approach to management.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Microsoft now world s 2nd most valuable companyUnder new CEO Satya Nadella, Microsoft has worked to overcome its reputation as a clumsy behemoth struggling to keep up with new tech trends.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SAN FRANCISCO: The bull run in Microsoft's stock this past year has helped the tech giant surpass Exxon Mobil and seize the rank of the second most valuable company, behind Apple Inc.
Under new CEO Satya Nadella , Microsoft has worked to overcome its reputation as a clumsy behemoth struggling to keep up with new tech trends and consumer habits. Nadella has cut expenses _ and jobs _ while pledging to refocus the company on mobile technology and cloud computing. His efforts have fueled a stock surge that drove Microsoft's total market value above $410 billion on Friday. That leapfrogged Exxon's value of $404 billion, which has been dinged by the drop in oil prices.
"Microsoft has made a strategic change," said Daniel Ives, a tech analyst at FBR Capital Markets. He said Nadella still faces challenges with a company that's heavily reliant on the declining personal computer market. But compared with other longtime tech stalwarts, such as IBM , Hewlett-Packard and Oracle , "Microsoft has done the best job of trying to skate where the puck is going," Ives said.
Apple is currently the world's most valuable company, with a market capitalization of more than $668 billion. That's more than the $616 billion that Microsoft was worth when it was No. 1 in December 1999. Microsoft shares fell sharply the next year.
But the Redmond, Washington company has earned greater cachet on Wall Street over the last 18 months. Its stock has risen nearly 70 percent since April 2013, when activist investment firm ValueAct Capital announced it had taken a $2 billion stake in the company and would scrutinize its strategy. Within a few months, longtime CEO Steve Ballmer announced plans to retire. The move was described as unrelated.
Since then, Nadella has announced new initiatives to expand in cloud computing, which promises to be more lucrative than the traditional model of selling software that is installed on clients' computers. Microsoft has also promised a redesign of its flagship Windows operating system and released versions of other popular software for smartphones and tablets, including devices made by competitor Apple.
Microsoft shares have outperformed the tech-heavy NASDAQ Composite Index, which gained about 45 percent in the same 18-month period. The stock hit $50.04 on Friday, its highest point since early 2000, before slipping to the $49.50 range in afternoon trading.

ATM-like Kiosk for residents of Bengaluru to file FIRsBengaluru
(The kiosk, equipped with…)
BENGALURU: Residents of Bengaluru won't have to go all the way to a police station or figure out the jurisdiction of a case when they want to file a first information report (FIR). The Bengaluru City Police has set up a kiosk that lets anyone file an FIR at any time, irrespective of where an incident such as theft or accident may have occurred.
The move is the latest step by the Bengaluru Police to make procedures such as filing an FIR easy and hassle-free for citizens. It will also provide the police with a more realistic picture of crime in the city.
The kiosk, equipped with high-definition audio-video and a touch screen, will enable citizens to file a complaint by speaking to a police officer and also sign, print and scan documents. They can review the complaint with an expert to ensure that the FIR is error-free. Once the FIR is filed, a printed copy will be issued as an instant acknowledgement.
The facility was developed by Cisco and has been set up by the Bengaluru Police at Mantri Mall in Malleswaram as a pilot project for three months. Anticipating the success of the project, Cisco plans to start manufacturing the kiosks in India.
"The first kiosk was imported from the UK and modified for localisation in Bengaluru, but we are planning to start manufacturing the entire unit in India itself," Dinesh Malkani, President at Cisco India , told ET.
The kiosk will serve as the central location for FIRs related to 105 police stations and 42 traffic police stations in the city. Updates on FIRs will be issued by SMS alerts. With this kiosk, citizens of Bengaluru will be able to register cases freely and provide the police with a realistic picture of crime in the city.
Within 20 minutes of the launch by Karnataka chief minister Siddaramaiah, two FIRs were filed at the kiosk — one for a car theft and the other for an accident.
"This project will reinstill a sense of safety among the residents of Bengaluru," Siddaramaiah said. "It will bring in transparency in crime records and will also help in controlling corruption in the police department."
Bengaluru Commissioner of Police MN Reddi told ET at least 100 such kiosks are needed to help make Bengaluru a safe city. "I'd say we need at least 100 such centres. It'll help remove the fear psychosis of walking into a police station, no matter how friendly we try to be with people," he said.
A similar project called Instant Complaint Logging Internet Kiosks (IClik), set up by Bhubaneswar police , had been built by Cisco. Various other police departments are also experimenting with technology to reduce crime. The Delhi police earlier this year launched a mobile app that lets residents register their police complaints and receive an acknowledgement by e-mail.
Such initiatives will help police departments build a central digital repository of crimes, making it easier to deploy the Crime and Criminal Tracking Network & Systems (CCTNS). The CCTNS project is aimed at facilitating the collection, storage, retrieval and sharing of data and information between police stations, state headquarters and the Central Police Organisations
FEATURED ARTICLES

Arvind Kejriwal talks reforms  with focus on youthBig surprise: Congress-backed National Students' Union of India sweeps Rajasthan University polls
Making a second bid for people’s mandate to govern Delhi, Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) chief and former Delhi chief minister Arvind Kejriwal promised an overhaul of higher education in the capital with 20 new colleges, incubation services for budding entrepreneurs, subsidised education loans and more.
Kejriwal, who was the guest at The Indian Express event, Express Adda, in Mumbai on Friday evening, appeared to be moving towards a more broad-based politics from his anti-corruption platform, detailing a variety of plans he had for the capital, ranging from making it India’s first fully WiFi city to reducing value-added tax (VAT) drastically.
His Delhi Dialogues, a collaborative effort to draft policies for Delhi that will form the core of AAP’s re-election campaign, would focus specifically on youth, he said. On his plans for the education sector, Kejriwal said if his party wins the coming election to the Delhi Assembly, his government would set up 20 new colleges on the outskirts of the city, with a curriculum focused on skills and entrepreneurship. Students in these colleges would get access to their incubation centres for two years, to test and run an enterprise.  Kejriwal also said government underwriting of student loans was an idea to explore.
“In five years we will make education in government schools of such good quality that even rich parents will want to send their children to these schools,” he said. On his youth policy, he said a crackdown on the drug mafia was critical to ensure Delhi does not go the Punjab way.
On his other plans for Delhi, he promised to bring down VAT to among the lowest in India. This will encourage trade and jobs, he reasoned. For women’s security in Delhi, Kejriwal proposed a connected CCTV coverage throughout the city.
Kejriwal said his biggest political lesson in the past few years had been “to never give one’s resignation”.
To questions on whether AAP was capable of handling power effectively, he said, “I admit people are unhappy that we resigned. But it was a mistake, not a crime. Koi gunaah nahi kiya.” He said he was seeking a fresh chance from the people of Delhi, who, he said, he should have consulted before stepping down as chief minister after 49 days in government.
An organisational restructuring and strengthening was also underway in AAP, he said, through Mission Vistaar. While the decision to spread themselves thin to contest the Lok Sabha elections had been a mistake, he said the party was buoyed by the fact that its vote share in Delhi had risen. “The Assembly election is different. It will be a seedhi takkar between the BJP and us,” he said.
Asked how it felt that the broom, his party symbol, had been co-opted in the Modi campaign for cleanliness, Kejriwal said he believed several other ideas from the AAP stable had been mimicked by the other parties, including the BJP. He cited the missed-call-for-membership, the cap and the broom as ideas the BJP had copied.
He also spoke on Modi and the NDA government, charging the Modi regime with not doing enough to reduce corruption. “Their  campaign themes had been against corruption and price rise, but tell me one area where corruption has fallen since the new government took charge,” he said. “Potatoes were R10 a kilo when AAP was in office in Delhi. They are now R40 a kg.”  He also said the Modi regime was paying lip service to the ideal of anti-corruption, having made Yeddyurappa BJP vice-president.
TAGS: Aam Aadmi Party Arvind Kejriwal
More from miscellaneous

Why DGM India is betting on shared living-and-working for its employeesDelhi College of Engineering
(For startups, co-living…)
In college, Maneesh Disodia, 25, kept odd hours. An MTech student at Delhi College of Engineering, his day began around 11 am and ended by 9 pm. In that time he would wrap up all that he needed to do — classes, studies, socializing, dinner and calls to parents.
After 9 pm, Disodia wouldn't hit the sack. Rather, he would join a gang of 12 — from all over the world, split into two teams — to play the online game Dota2. "Nothing else mattered more," he grins. His parents and girlfriend worried.
Then, in the summer of 2014, Disodia landed his 'dream' job in a digital media company — a cue perhaps for him to give up his unique nightlife. Not really. "I have a job, but my hostel life and gaming continues," he says with an even wider grin.
Disodia works with DGM India, an arm of SVG Media, a digital media network that is present in India, south-east Asia and the Middle East. With over 200 employees, DGM India says it is India's largest ad network after Google and Facebook in terms of audience reach. It also claims to be the only digital media company whose Indian operations are cash-positive.
DGM India's attempts at innovation extend beyond its core business — to the way it works, too. Consider: it has leased an apartment where five fresh engineering graduates live and work. With a cook, a caretaker and a high-speed internet connection, their home is their office, with the company bearing all expenses. The young recruits have no work schedules, only project deadlines. The initiative has been christened DGM Labs.
"We wanted to create a separate space where we hire top talent and let them loose in a controlled environment to do some exciting work," explains Manish Vij, co-founder of SVG Media. The experiment is working very well, he adds.
Disodia is one of the five fresh grads in the five-bedroom apartment, one of which has been converted into a gym, and other into an office. Another is Amit Sharma, 21, a Delhi College of Engineering grad who gave the go-by to a lucrative job offer from Toshiba Japan — in the area of electronic chip design — to join DGM Labs. Reason: "No boundaries, and college-like culture — and their offer to live and work out of an apartment was really cool," he says.
It was something similar for Satish Prakash Garg, 24, a computer science graduate from BITS Pilani. "I hate schedules and structures and am not meant for an office job. So when this offer came along, I was delighted," Garg says.
  A Global Trend
SVG Media may be a pioneer in India but shared living-and-working is a global trend, with startups, especially in Silicon Valley, embracing it heartily. Enplug, a digital signage startup, was born in 2012 in Los Angeles with five co-founders who lived and worked together out of an apartment. As it added people, it moved to bigger apartments. San Francisco-based customer loyalty service firm FiveStars Inc — backed by high-profile investors like Y Combinator and LightSpeed — does something similar. According to media reports, it rents houses in cities across the US in which staffers work and sleep.
And then there is the 5,000 sq ft Rainbow Mansion in Silicon Valley, a commune of people which wants to change the world. It has a bio lab and a workshop in the garage, with the house itself built around a dining room and library. It has residents from different countries and top-notch companies such as Google, NASA and Tesla. It organizes regular discussions on issues like freedom and privacy and has regular talks by founders of some of the coolest startups. In the process many startups — like OpenROV and Cosmogia — got seeded here.
For startups, co-living offers many advantages. It helps keep costs low, and it keeps the team together in the early days when intense collaboration is required. "When we are grappling with a problem we often discuss with each other to find answers," says Shashikant Lanka, 21, an MSc (economics) from BITS Pilani, who is a member of the DGM co-living team.
Co-living fits in well with the startup work culture dominated by young, single workers for whom boundaries between work and life are blurred. Also, amid tough competition from recruiters, SVG's unique proposition of living-and-working out of an apartment gave them an edge.
Different models of co-living are emerging. Some startups begin their journey with all their founders living and working out of an apartment; like Enplug. And then there are those that, after gaining some scale, locate a specific team to incubate a project; like SVG Media is doing.
The Genesis

The big fat Indian wedding just got bigger and fatter!print
Everyone is on a diet – except, it seems, the famous Indian wedding. Décor, this season, is monumental (in many cases, literally). Whether you’re part of the wedding, or merely a guest, here’s what you’ll be seeing this shaadi season.
Trend #1
Make it monumental
The props are fewer, but bigger, filling up the blank spaces at the wedding venue. “Large arrangements not only add volume to the décor, but attract attention,” says Meeta Gutgutia, director and creative head,  Ferns N Petals.
Photo: QEvents
Guests now see 3D structures inspired by temple architecture, historic cities and ornate structures with intricate accessories. “We recently did a wedding with a Banaras Ghat theme, fashioning the atmosphere of the Ganga arti,” says Geeta Samuel of Q Events.
The company recreated the ancient city at the wedding venue, with the stage placed beside a 240 foot-long water body representing the Ganga, complete with candlelit ghats. Large 3D temple structures surrounded the venue, with elevated lounges in the centre.
“On the other hand, for receptions and sangeet functions, whimsical concepts with delicate flowers and muted pastel colours are in demand,” adds Samuel. “We are designing a sangeet in Udaipur next month with a ceiling full of ethereal wire-gauze clouds and crystal ‘rain’.”
Trend #2
Flowery fusion
Traditional ladi (lights) work is complemented by massive props using flowers. “Combining tree branches with a cascading orchid-covered roof is interesting,” says Neelabh Kapoor of Studio Neelabh.
“This is a theme titled Wisteria, named after a flowering plant that cascades downwards. This can be combined with crystal and fairy-light-embedded cages hanging from the roof for a surreal effect.”
Exotic flowers like orchids and anthuriums are very much in vogue and are best used for cocktails, dinners, receptions etc.
Trend #3
Nature calling
Natural materials like wooden logs and planks are combined with crystals and fairy lights to create an elegant, yet glamorous look. “Lighter tones, lots of greens and fountains can create a garden-like ambience,” says Gutgutia.
“The flavour of the 2014 wedding is ‘woodsy with a bit of bling’. So, using neutral linen with a pop of colour is a good idea.”
Trend #4
Water, please
Experiment all you like with mandap shapes, but a water body near the mandap is very popular. “At a wedding inspired by the temples of Khajuraho and the movie Ram Leela, the highlight was the ‘floating’ vedi surrounded by a huge body of water which we had dug out and lined with concrete a few weeks earlier,” says Samuel.
Trend #5
Tech first
Wedding designers are using 3D mapping to visualise the layout of the area. Holographic lights are used to project life size images up against the night sky. These images could be of the bride and groom, or their intertwined initials, or even a video of the couple thanking guests.
Follow @veenusingh12 on Twitter
From HT Brunch, November 16
Follow us on twitter.com/HTBrunch

Sachin Tendulkar adopts village in Andhra under Adarsh Gram YojnaTendulkar adopts village in Andhra Pradesh
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Hyderabad, November 16, 2014
First Published: 11:05 IST(16/11/2014) | Last Updated: 01:29 IST(17/11/2014)
Comments
Cricket legend and MP Sachin Tendulkar adopted a village in coastal Andhra under Prime Minister Modi’s Sansad Adarsh Gram Yojana, on Sunday.
Puttamrajuvari Kandrika, a village in Gudur mandal of Nellore district would receive funds from the Rajya Sabha MP’s LAD funds for its overall development.
On Sunday, Tendulkar laid the foundation for construction of an anganwadi centre, a school with kitchen, community centre and toilets, etc in the village costing about Rs. 2.8 crore.
“We are trying to create a model village that should set an example for the rest of the country. This is just the beginning,” Tendulkar told the villagers.
He spent the entire morning visiting the villager’s houses and huts, seeking to know their problems and even assuring one family with a job and another with education of their kids. He also met the women self help groups and speaking on lines of the Swachh Bharat campaign urged them to follow good hygiene. The cricket legend spoke for education for girls and also urged  the men to shun smoking and drinking.
“Many people asked me why this village and my simple answer is I have played for India and I am an Indian. It is my way of saying thank you to all of you for supporting me,” Tendulkar said.
Recalling how Sachin came to know about this village, Nellore district joint collector G Rekha Rani said she found herself in the same flight as the former India captain when she was flying to the United States in September.
Tendulkar then grew interested and agreed to grant funds for developing a village in Nellore district.
With agency inputs

Indian organisations lack skills to combat c...cyber attacks
(About 60 organisations…)
NEW DELHI: Even as the threat landscape for cyber attacks is expanding on a rapid scale, about one-third organisations in India have no real-time insight on cyber risks necessary to combat these threats, a survey by global consultancy firm EY has found.
According to the EY Global Information Security survey, companies are lacking agility, budget and skills to mitigate known vulnerabilities and successfully prepare for and address cybersecurity.
About 32.14 per cent of the respondents in India said their organisation's total information security budget will stay approximately the same in the coming 12 months despite increasing threats.
More than half (54.55 per cent) of the respondents said they are facing rising threats and 50.91 per cent said they are facing rising vulnerabilities in their information security environment.
About 60 organisations from India were a part of this year's survey, which saw participation from about 1,825 organisations globally across 60 countries.
"Careless or unaware employees" emerged as the number one vulnerability faced by companies (54.1 per cent), while outdated information security controls or architecture and unauthorised access were second and third (40.9 per cent and 22.7 per cent, respectively).
Fraud and cyber attacks to steal intellectual property or data were the top two threats (27.3 per cent and 18.2 per cent, respectively) as per the respondents.
Cyber attacks have the potential to be far-reaching - not only financially, but also in terms of brand and reputation damage, the loss of competitive advantage and regulatory non- compliance, EY India Partner and Leader Info Security Devendra Parulekar said.
"Organisations will only develop a risk strategy of the future if they understand how to anticipate cybercrime . They must undertake a journey from a reactive to a proactive posture, transforming themselves from easy targets for cybercriminals into more formidable adversaries," he added.
He said too many organisations still fall short in mastering the foundational components of cybersecurity.
"Too many of the organisations we surveyed reveal they do not have a security operations centre. This is a major cause for concern," he said.
About 33.93 per cent respondents said mobile technologies will be a high priority for their organisation in the coming 12 months.
Another 46.3 per cent indicated higher security budget and investment in the coming year to prevent threats due to mobile technology in their security architecture.
FEATURED ARTICLES

ONGC to invest Rs 10 600 cr in weste offshor...You are here: Home > Collections
ONGC to invest Rs 10,600 crore in western offshore fields
PTI Nov 16, 2014, 12.31PM IST
Tags:
Basal Clastic reservoirs
(The Mumbai High South Redevelopment…)
NEW DELHI: Oil and Natural Gas Corp, India's biggest energy explorer, will invest Rs 10,600 crore in raising production from its western offshore fields.
ONGC board has approved third phase of redevelopment of its prime Mumbai High South oil and gas field at a cost of Rs 6,069 crore and integrated development of Mukta , Bassein and Panna formations at an investment of Rs 4,620 crore, the company said in a statement.
The Mumbai High South Redevelopment (Phase-III) "will lead to incremental gain of 7.547 million tonne crude oil and 3.864 billion cubic meter gas by 2030," it said.
The project is designed to carry forward the success of the previous two phases of redevelopment project and give a new lease of life to the giant field, which has been in production for over three decades.
The project comprises drilling 36 new wells and 34 sidetrack wells, and facilities. The facilities under the project are scheduled to be installed by April, 2017. Drilling of wells and the overall project completion is scheduled for March, 2019.
It "aims to further develop of L-II, S1 and Basal Clastic reservoirs along with the major L-III reservoir and integrating the required inputs," the statement said.
The Integrated Development of Mukta, Bassein and Panna Formations, located at a water depth of 50-70 meters and about 80-90 kilometres from Mumbai coast, is designed to carry forward the success of the previous two phases of redevelopment through installation of booster compressors.
"In order to further enhance the field life and increase recovery, this project envisages increasing gas pressure from 10 to 27 kg per square centimetre," it said.
The incremental production is expected to start in 2014-15 with peak incremental production rate of 10 million standard cubic meters per day of gas, 950 barrels of oil per day and about 1100 cubic meters of condensate a day by 2017-18.
The cumulative production till 2027-28 is pegged at 19.56 billion cubic meters of gas, 1.97 million cubic meter of condensate and 1.83 million tons of oil. The gas and condensate will be evacuated to Hazira Plant.
The project envisages drilling of 18 wells including 5 subsea Wells, installation of one new process platform having gas processing and compression facilities, one nine-slot well head platform and other facilities, associated pipelines and one living quarter platform.
The project is scheduled for completion by April 2017, the statement added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

How Modi govt plans to roll out  Make in IndiaAdi Godrej
( That pulse has of course…)
Since the second half of 2014, Indian CEOs have almost magically transformed into an upbeat and zealous lot, spotting along with hope on the nottoo-distant horizon those inevitable green shoots sprouting on what at the beginning of the year resembled distinctly parched land.
In line with that bubbly and breezy mood are the results of an online survey of a little over 100 head honchos of India Inc conducted jointly by industry lobby CII and the Boston Consulting Group (BCG), and whose results were released a couple of days ago. In their own words, "the CII-BCG Manufacturing Leadership Survey 2014 was launched to gauge the pulse of industry leaders on the current scenario and future prospects for the Indian manufacturing sector". That pulse has of course quickened since the Narendra Modi sarkar picked up the reins, and on it are the fingers of moneybag investors, both foreign and Indian. The survey for its part displayed in abundance the optimism of domestic CEOs: for instance, 85% of those surveyed expect manufacturing growth of between 5% and 10% in the next five years (against 3.4% in the past five).
That's the headline number. But it gets better. One of the posers shot at the corporate chieftains was what would they like Indian manufacturing to be known for by 2020. The options: The 'next Germany' (most preferred for top-quality manufacturing), the 'next China' (most preferred for low-cost manufacturing), global leader in low-cost innovation, or jugaad, or tech and process leader in select manufacturing sectors, like Thailand.
New-found Ambition
The most popular answer was not unpredictably a reflection of the new-found ambition and optimism — a year ago if CEOs said they expect India to be the next Germany in six to seven years, they would have been considered delusive, and would even be in real danger of getting the boot; not any longer. All of 37% of those surveyed want India to be known as the next Germany; only 21% wanted India to usurp China's position as a low-cost manufacturing hub; and best of all, less than a fifth reckoned India should pursue the path of jugaad.
The confidence that India Inc exudes — and which is captured succinctly by the CII-BCG survey — stems to a large extent from an initiative
prime minister Modi announced from the ramparts of Red Fort on Independence Day: Make in India, a programme that aims to boost investments and encourage innovation by creating world-class manufacturing infrastructure and making it easier to do business in transparent and credit-friendly environs. And, yes, if India has to get there, jugaad has to go out of the window.
In the next few months, the government will roll out the Make in India campaign state by state, following a hub and spoke model (the hub being Delhi). Each state would be accorded a sector that it has earned its spurs in. For instance, automobiles could well be the focus sector in Tamil Nadu (home to factories of Ashok Leyland, Ford, Nissan and Hyundai, amongst others) or Haryana (Hero MotoCorp, Honda Motorcycle & Scooter India and Maruti Suzuki). "The challenge is to make this manufacturing campaign exciting. As we go to the states, the campaign will be blended with cultural and other entertainment programmes so that the locals get on board," says a team member working on the campaign on the condition of anonymity.
Also, roadshows are being planned in 12 industrial towns, including Coimbatore, Pune and Indore. Here, the focus would be to woo small and medium enter-prises (SMEs). As ET Magazine has learnt, there will be a special effort to spot "smart makers". The idea, according to the plan, is to motivate young people to turn manufacturers. "The next generation of factory owners are well-educated but they are moving away from their fathers' or grandfathers' factories. Our aim will be to bring them back to manufacturing," says the team member.
The lion symbol, which Modi himself chose for its tenacity and courage, is also being developed for language markets in India and abroad. The symbol will remain the same, but local fonts — both Indian and foreign languages — would be used for the words Make in India. So, in Japan, it would be in Japanese and in Germany, it will be in German.
"In Make in India, there is a huge emphasis on quality and sustainability. While India has been a reluctant manufacturing nation and a late urbanizer, there are huge advantages. We can today learn from the rest of the world, use the latest technology and leapfrog," says Amitabh Kant, secretary, department of industrial policy and promotion (DIPP), the nodal government agency managing the Make in India campaign (see This is just the beginning).
  The Challenges

Vladimir Putin leaves G20 summit mid-way  cites need to sleep excuseRussian President Vladimir Putin.
By: Agence-France Presse | Brisbane (australia) | Posted: November 16, 2014 11:46 am | Updated: November 17, 2014 10:14 am
Vladimir Putin jetted out of Australia Sunday after a testy G20 summit where he faced concerted Western fire over the Ukraine crisis, saying he left slightly early because he needed to get some sleep.
The Russian strongman, a judo black belt who prides himself on his stamina, left before the final communique from the weekend talks was issued, but attended the annual forum’s wrap-up lunch and praised the “constructive” discussions.
Russian President Vladimir Putin yawns at the start of the plenary session at the G20 Summit in Brisbane, Australia. (Source: AP photo)
Speaking at a news conference just before flying out of Brisbane, he thanked Tony Abbott for hosting the event, despite the Australian prime minister threatening to confront him over the shooting down of Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17 over Ukraine in July.
Putin added in comments reported by the RIA Novosti news agency that the decision to leave Brisbane early had nothing to do with tensions over Ukraine.
Instead, he wanted to catch up on some sleep ahead of a full day’s work back home tomorrow.
“We need nine hours to fly from here to Vladivostok and another nine hours from Vladivostok to Moscow,” he said.
“Then we need to get home and return to work on Monday. There’s a need to sleep at least four to five hours.”

Black money trail: From Swiss Alps to islands | PM raises issue at G20Black money trail goes much beyond Swiss Alps to many island nations
PTI Nov 16, 2014, 01.11PM IST
(India is strengthening…)
NEW DELHI/BERNE: As India expands its probe into suspected black money stashed abroad, the trail appears to have gone much beyond the Alpine mountain ranges of Switzerland to various island nations and global financial centres like Dubai, Singapore, Luxembourg and Cyprus.
While Switzerland has agreed to cooperate and share details in cases where probe by Indian authorities have independently shown 'tax crimes' prima facie, "a few cases" where such information exchange is taking place involve entities and transactions much beyond Swiss shores.
While exact number of these "few cases" could not be ascertained, sources said that the ongoing cooperation between Swiss and Indian authorities is generating many more leads for further investigations and they suggest routing of funds through various other jurisdictions that range from well- established financial centres like Dubai, Singapore and Luxembourg to numerous small island nations.
India is strengthening its bilateral tax information exchange treaties with many such jurisdictions, but a further push might be required for 'technical assistance'.
While Switzerland has been the focus of India's fight against suspected black money stashed abroad, investigations into various cases show large-scale instances of illicit funds having been channelised abroad through other locations too.
A number of island nations in Caribbean and other parts of the world figure among such locations. India has also signed information exchange pacts on tax matters with a number of such locations including Saint Kitts & Nevis, Bahamas, Bermuda, Liechtenstein, Gibraltar, British Virgin Islands, Isle of Man, Cayman Islands, Jersey, Macau, Liberia, Argentina, Guernsey and Monaco, among others.
A Special Investigation Team is currently looking into the black money issue, including the cases related to untaxed money stashed abroad by Indians.
In one of its reports recently submitted to the government, the SIT, however, observed that absence of riminal legal treaties between India and tax haven nations is one of the major impediments in initiating steps to bring back illegal funds stashed abroad by Indians.
The role of some banks, including those outside Switzerland, has also come under scanner for acting in concert with the suspected black money hoarders and also for making 'safe haven' promises for their funds.
The suspected lapses on the part of these banks are also being probed for allegedly facilitating re-routing funds of certain Indian corporate houses back into their listed companies as foreign investments.
Such transactions are suspected to have taken place in case of 15-20 Indian companies, a senior official said, but refused to disclose their names as also that of the banks saying it might impede the investigations.
Some portfolio managers at these banks, which have a significant presence in the Indian financial markets, are suspected to have helped clients route money back into the country as foreign funds using investment vehicles across jurisdictions.
The banks are also said to be lobbying with their respective governments that they should ask the Indian authorities to put in place a 'settlement' mechanism to deal with the suspected entities, including the banks and their customers, before seeking any assistance in its black money probe.
On the other hand, some banks are said to be advising their clients to use various 'layering' methods, including by way of share market and export-import routes, to move funds from Switzerland to other locations including India.
Other risk-wary banks are, however, have turned cautious about dealing with their Indian clients in the wake of a growing scrutiny of such accounts, as a huge public outcry has made even genuine Swiss bank accounts look like suspicious.
  Some banks are also telling their Indian clients to sign undertakings that are aimed at 'derisking' the banking institutions from potential risks arising out of regulatory actions against the bank customers by foreign governments.
These banks are also asking clients to close their accounts if they are not ready to take such risks, or if they have apprehensions about such accounts not being compliant to regulatory requirements in their home countries.
Through these 'derisking' undertakings, the customer agrees to take responsibility for any possible regulatory or administrative compliance with international norms.
Following a high-level delegation visit from India, Switzerland last month agreed to cooperate on matters related to verification of genuineness of accounts and reply to requests for banking account details in a time-bound manner, and also to initiate a process to include India among the countries eligible for 'automatic exchange of information'.
Under this new agreement, Switzerland has also promised to assist Indian authorities on a priority basis.
There has been a huge political uproar over Indian black money allegedly stashed in Swiss banks and the new government has said it is committed to tackling this menace.
As per Swiss National Bank's latest data, the total money held by Indians in Swiss banks stood at over Rs 14,000 crore as on December 2013, up by nearly 42 per cent from a year ago.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Meet the Top 5 of Courtyard by Marriott s  The Elevator PitchMeet the Top 5 of Courtyard by Marriott's 'The Elevator Pitch'
Nov 7, 2014, 12.30PM IST
To foster the next generation of entrepreneurs and to ensure ideas move from a mere concept to market, Courtyard by Marriott's innovative campaign, The Elevator Pitch, recently announced its top five finalists. The contest that commenced a month back to find the next big and bright idea saw five select contestants pitch their business idea in a unique and unconventional format.
Held at the Courtyard by Marriott Mumbai International Airport, the five contestants had 60 seconds each to impress the judging panel in the hotel's elevator. The panel included names like Rajeev Menon, Area Vice President of South Asia, Marriott International, Pratul Gupta, Vice President - Portfolio of Avigo Capital and Pallav Nadhani, co-founder and CEO of FusionCharts, with India's champion woman golfer and model Sharmila Nicollet as the host.
A look at the top five finalists:
Smriti Modi, Mumbai, Maharashtra
'The Itch List'
'The Itch List' brings people together to share and fulfill their desires. It is a social media networking site for like-minded individuals where people can share their list of things they want to do in life, from travel adventures to picking up a new extreme sport.
Amar Kaushik, Bangalore, Karnataka
'GALEA: Smart Helmet'
Taking a leaf out of the military fighter jets and helicopters, "Galea" is an equipped helmet device with a full rear-view camera and navigation system, much like a car, and a heads-up display interfaced with the rider's smartphone so that it gives them the required information, while allowing one to keep their eyes on the road.
Ranjeet Singh, Singrauli, Madhya Pradesh
'DiVYA - Power Now at Home'
'DiVYA - Power now at home' is the brainchild of Ranjeet Singh who lives in a small town, Singrauli, Madhya Pradesh. 'DiVYA - Power now at home' is a gravitational device that will generate energy for lighting, charging batteries in rural area and also aims to replace Kerosene. The fixture generates 20 watts output when placed at a height of 3 meters for 45 minutes. The power generation increases as the high of the power generation unit increases.
Saikat Acharya, Patna, Bihar
'Fluid as Shield'
Saikat Acharya shared an idea to construct an armor for the Indian Army called 'Fluid as shield'. The concept is to create an armor using air and water which will act as a medium to destroy or alter the direction of bullets.
Ankit Machhar, Mumbai, Maharashtra
'SafeLock'
SafeLock is an, affordable, portable gadget which can be installed anywhere to alert users remotely on break in of their doors, locker, drawer, glass window, cars, bikes and shutters. The iPod sized gadget would be portable, plug n play with inbuilt sensors, GSM, Siren and powered by a Lithium Battery.
The event saw over 1,000 entries from across the country in a short span of four weeks from diverse industries. "Courtyard by Marriott's Elevator Pitch received immense participation from young professionals who aspire to make it to the top. The overwhelming response received confirms our belief in the potential for the upcoming entrepreneurs in the country and we at Courtyard by Marriott endeavor to provide these sharp minds with the opportunity and services to help them succeed. The process of short listing included an in-depth review of all the ideas received. The finalists were selected based on the strength of their business ideas," said Menon.
Starting November 3 - 16, 2014, the campaign has now moved on to the second phase where everyone is invited to predict their favorite finalist explaining why they deserve to win. The voter who predicts the right winner (same as the judges) with the best reason stands a chance to a win three nights stay in a Courtyard Hotel in India of their choice. People can vote for their choice on the Elevator Pitch website www.courtyard-elevatorpitch.com.
The winner of 'The Elevator Pitch' will be announced on November 17, 2014. The winning project will be awarded a cash-prize of 1 million rupees to turn their idea into reality.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Inflation drops to 5-year low1.8
*For May
Industry chambers cheered the steep fall in the WPI inflation and made renewed calls for the Reserve Bank to slash interest rates. Economists, however, warned that the moderation in WPI inflation was in some part a statistical illusion and the trend could change post-December.
“The lowering of inflation for the fifth consecutive month is indeed a positive sign for the economy... However, these numbers should be viewed with caution…. The base effect is pronounced and will be so in November too,” Care Ratings Chief Economist Madan Sabnavis in a report on the wholesale data.
Inflation could pick up again post-December by when the favourable statistical effect of a higher base could peter off, Deloitte Economist Anis Chakravarty cautioned in a note. Inflation could also rebound if Agriculture Ministry’s forecast of a lower kharif output for cereals, pulses and oilseeds comes true, said Mr. Chakravarty.
At 11.4 per cent, inflation in prices of milk remained elevated though its pace was slightly lower than in the previous month. For rice too, inflation remained high at 6.5 per cent despite being marginally lower than September’s level of 6.9 per cent. The moderation in the rate of price rise was only marginal in cereals, slowing to 3.3 per cent from 3.5 per cent in September.
Alleviating global crude prices tempered fuel inflation from 1.3 per cent in September to 0.4 per cent in October. Petrol prices fell. Fuel inflation was minus 7 per cent.
Official data released earlier this month showed retail inflation too had slowed in October to 5.5 per cent against 6.5 per cent in the previous month on the back of moderating rate of price rise in food items and a favorable base effect.
Welcoming the easing inflation rate, Confederation of Indian Industry Director General Chandrajit Banerjee called for the Government to comprehensively address the issue of price rice to prevent it from becoming an episodic issue. He recommended Government do this through structural policy steps aimed at reducing the supply side bottlenecks, especially in the farm sector.
“Alleviated inflation creates room for a more accommodative stance from the Central Bank in terms of rate reduction in the policy to be announced next month”, said Ficci Secretary General A. Didar Singh said in a statement issued here on Friday.

Badri Meena: Meet PM Narendra Modi s trusted cookBadri Meena
(Modi has simple tastes when…)
AHMEDABAD/NEW DELHI: As Narendra Modi engages with world leaders on his longest foreign trip ever, his staff ensures the famously hardworking prime minister can deal with the rigours of travelling through multiple time zones while simultaneously keeping his wits about him. That's why one of the most important members of this inner circle is Badri Meena, who prepares his meals.
Modi has simple tastes when it comes to food, but he's really particular about how it's prepared and it's a measure of how well Badri knows what's expected of him that he's been an integral part of Modi's household for 13 years. He's not just Modi's cook but he also ensures the prime minister gets his meals on time and that he eats healthy. He even supervises banquets for overseas dignitaries.
So what's on the PM's menu? There's khichdi thrice a week, but it's usually idli-dosa for breakfast (he likes South Indian cuisine in the morning), apart from which he's fond of non-spicy shaak or traditional Gujarati curries.
Astrict vegetarian, he's known to relish bhindi kadhi, vaghareli khichdi, khakra and a Gujarati sweet mango pickle called chundo. "He has a schedule planned for every day of the week and Badri is very much aware of that," said Aditya Vasu, one of Modi's biographers.
Anative of Rajasthan, Badri, 37, has been a member of the team that accompanies Modi on his foreign tours and makes sure he gets food exactly the way he wants it — warm, nutritious, non-spicy, and on time. He's currently with the prime minister on his overseas trip. Recent instructions given to Badri include watching the PM's weight and ensuring that he gets relief from back pain and swollen feet.
Badri Oversaw Dinner for Chinese Prez
Modi's reliance on Badri is evident from the fact that he, and not a senior official, was chosen to oversee the 150 Gujarati dishes at a dinner thrown by the PM for Chinese President Xi Jinping and his wife in Ahmedabad, which was catered by top chefs flown in from Mumbai and New Delhi.
Besides keeping the 7, Race Course Road in order, Badri is also said to manage a team of cooks in the Prime Minister's Office, one of whom was sent to Bhutan a week ahead of Modi's visit there to make arrangements for simple vegetarian meals.
Badri's story begins around 20 years ago, when he along with friends Dinesh Meena and Suraj Meena came to Gujarat looking for work from Bilak in Udaipur district.
  "We were about 15 years old when we began working in the BJP office at Khanpur in Ahmedabad," said Suraj Meena, who currently works at the state BJP headquarters on the outskirts of Gandhinagar. Badri is said to have impressed Modi with a 'swachh' kitchen, a simple khichdi made with dalia (cracked wheat) and kadhi during his numerous visits to the office as a party worker.
He began cooking for Modi when the latter became the all-India general secretary of the party in 1998. Around the same time, Dinesh Meena was assigned to party patriarch Keshubhai Patel, who had become the Gujarat chief minister, in the same capacity.
In 2001, when Modi succeeded Patel, Badri went to meet him. "Modiji instantly took him into his staff", joining Dinesh in the chief minister's household, Suraj recounted.
An old BJP member in Ahmedabad recalled that as a party worker Modi would most mostly eat at colleagues' homes but would never inform them before visiting, so that they didn't make anything special for him. "But once he became the CM, he became more careful about his health." It is said that Badri started accompanying Modi wherever he went after the Patna blasts last year, which is when he stopped eating outside food.
"Life has indeed changed... Either one of us accompanies him when he goes out of Delhi and we do it by turn. We do visit Gandhinagar, as our families are still there," said Dinesh, who is married and has a son. Badri's wife and two sons live in Gandhinagar as well while brother Naran Meena works with BJP in the city.
It is Badri's ability to maintain consistency in quality and taste in food, and understand and follow directions that has kept him attached to the PM all these years, said Delhi-based Nikita Parmar, who's written a book on the personal side of Modi. "As a child, Modi would help his mother in the kitchen. Being a good cook himself, he would have zeroed in on Badri only because the latter understands his master's taste well."
Biographer Vasu remembers Badri as a "simply dressed man who would head to the local vegetable market as soon as he and Modi arrived at a place during official tours... Modiji is very fond of green vegetables. So Badri would pick and choose the best vegetables and would not accept anything for free. Before leaving on a tour, Badri would spend hours packing the Gujarati masala, pickles and other eatables Modiji is particular about."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Women empowerment brings super lingerie out of the closetYou are here: Home > Collections > Innerwear
Victoria’s Secret, Agent Provocateur and Wacoal have eyes on the Indian innerwear market
Vijaya Rathore, ET Bureau Nov 15, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Agent Provocateur
(The buying experience too…)
NEW DELHI: Noopur Sharma Bose loves shopping, and her favourite item is innerwear. "Lingerie is the most essential and intimate part of my wardrobe today! From just being a necessity, I feel it has a 'feel good' tag attached to it. Sexy lingerie makes me feel bolder and more confident," said the 31-yearold public relations consultant based in Delhi.
Bose is not an exception. In fact, she said, lingerie shopping is a regular topic of discussion among her friends and colleagues.
For many working women in Indian cities lingerie is no longer a strictly private good that one mostly buys from some small basement shop with no display; they increasingly indulge in fashionable lingerie, catching the attention of several international and domestic marketers.
Iconic brands such as Victoria's Secret of the US and Agent Provocateur of the UK have their eyes on the Indian lingerie market, while Japanese lingerie brand Wacoal has already made a proposal to the Foreign Investment Promotion Board to form a joint venture to open single brand shops in the country.
Domestic players too are excited about the huge opportunity. Delhibased Goversons, which has been selling women's innerwear in the country for 60 years. Delhi-based Groversons, which has been selling women's innerwear in the country for 60 years, plans to go public within a couple of years to fund a big-ticket expansion to cash in on a huge opportunity.
Rakesh Grover, managing director at the Rs 100-crore Groversons, said the lingerie segment now is like what the car market was when Maruti came in and beat Ambassador and Feat. "It is a paradigm shift. There is huge change. Consumers are making choices and we have to be prepared to make the best of this opportunity," he said.
The company now focuses on stylish colourful designs after selling mostly simple white, black and brown lingerie for decades.
Pragyee Jaiman, a lingerie designer at Groversons, said, "Things are changing. Women, both young and old, are experimenting with new designs, colours and materials and want to pamper themselves."
  The buying experience too has improved in recent years with many retailers employing skilled sales staff to help buyers make the right choices, said Jaiman, 22, who hails from Jaipur.
What is powering this segment is the increasing financial independence of women in India. They are now able to and willing to spend money on the objects of their desire. Also, experts said, lingerie is seen as a reflection of social change and an agent for women empowerment.
"Increasing share of western wear in the women's wardrobe, the trend of occasion and outfit-based innerwear and the growing awareness and desire to indulge in branded intimate apparel is expected to continue driving the growth of the lingerie subcategory," said Amit Gugnani, senior vice president at Technopak Consultancy.
Technopak has estimated the innerwear market in India (organised and unorganised) at Rs17,750 crore and expected it to grow three times in 10 years. Women's wear accounts for 61% of the total innerwear market.
"Lingerie is an indulgence like chocolates," said Karan Behal, founder of Prettysecrets.com, an online lingerie retail start-up, which raised $3 million since 2012 from Indian Angel Network, Harvard Business School Alumni Angels India and Orios Venture Partners.
The Mumbai-based start-up is confident of raising $10 million in its next round of funding, which might happen next year. "We are not even looking for funding right now, but still there is so much interest being shown by investors," Behal said.
Another Mumbai-based entrepreneur said he has already held a few rounds of talks with Agent Provocateur to sell its products in India, at an entry level price point of Rs10,000.
"I feel when Indian women are paying copious amount of money to buy handbags, etc, they should be willing to pay a premium for lingerie too, something so personal," said the person who did not want to be identified given the confidentiality nature of his negotiations with the British lingerie brand.
DLF Brands too is in talks with an international brand and its CEO Deepak Agarwal said an announcement will be made in 2-3 months. "The category is quite competitive, so we plan to focus on niche category, like products f or expecting mothers," he said. UK retailer Marks and Spencer has already opened an exclusive store to sell lingerie and innerwear in Mumbai.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Gujarat s Annual School Inspection: Will another round change the realityAnandiben Patel
(The dismal figures had come…)
GANDHINAGAR: Senior bureaucrats will visit and assess government schools across Gujarat for three days from November 20 as part of Gunotsav, even as the annual exercise over the past few years does not appear to have changed the ground reality of more than 12,000 of the 34,177 total schools in the state continuing to operate from just one room each.
The dismal figures had come to light recently during the assembly session when the state minister for education Bhupendrasinh Chudasma answered a question raised by Congress MLA Tejashreeben Patel. As per the figures provided by the minister, there are 12,125 such schools, with 1,002 concentrated in the worst-affected coastal district of Jamnagar.
"These figures are simply shocking," Patel told ET, adding that there were also instances where a teacher wanted to quit a school because there was no student to study in the school. "There is an acute shortfall in the number of maths and science teachers in such schools and very little has been done to better the situation," she said.
Within Ahmedabad city, there are 17 such schools while the number for the entire Ahmedabad district is 251. At the bottom of the list is Surat city, with only four such schools, while Kheda fares best among the districts with 72 such schools.
Gujarat Chief Minister Anandiben Patel had on Thursday announced that this year the exercise will be linked to the Centre's Swachh Bharat Abhiyan. "While we shall visit the schools, before entering the schools, we shall clean the surroundings of the schools for ten minutes," Patel said, addressing a seminar on urban development in Gandhinagar.
Meanwhile, former leader of opposition Shaktisinh Gohil launched a scathing attack on the state government over deaths of two children in Surendranagar district on Wednesday after they were administered vaccines and demanded compensation of Rs 5 lakh each for the next of kin.
FEATURED ARTICLES

VoxPop Clothing raises $1 mn to expand portfolio with higher marginsYou are here: Home > Collections > Portfolio
VoxPop Clothing raises $1 million to expand portfolio with higher margins
ET Bureau Nov 14, 2014, 04.50PM IST
Tags:
Disney
(The company, which raised…)
NEW DELHI: VoxPop Clothing , an e-commerce portal for licensed apparel merchandise, has secured additional funding of $1 million from Blume Ventures to expand its portfolio.
"The funds would be utilised to increase product category in higher-margin products, ramp up the team and widen brand partnerships," said Siddharth Taparia, Chief Executive Officer and Founder of VoxPop.
The company, which raised $400,000 in June 2013 from Blume Ventures and other strategic investors, recently launched a crowd-funding platform for designers and independent brands to develop and sell customised apparel. This has seen participation on both the supply and demand sides.
"A part of the money would also be used to build the network effects that are inherent in this model," Taparia said.
VoxPopClothing develops limited edition t-shirts in partnership with international and domestic entertainment, sports and other brands. It has witnessed 20% month-on-month growth and has been offering creative designs to fans of brands such as Disney , Marvel , Batman, Superman, Game of Thrones, Mumbai City Football Club and others.
"The company has shown that there is a tremendous market amongst the younger consumer target group and we believe that the business is already on a path to being a multi-100 crore rupee brand, leveraging Siddharth's deep experience in making the potential of licensed brands come alive. We're excited to support him through this round and more," said Karthik Reddy, Managing Partner of Blume Ventures.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Stock markets hit new high  but cool to WPI gainsStocks markets hit new high, but cool to WPI gains
ET Bureau Nov 15, 2014, 05.40AM IST
Tags:
interest rate
(Analysts said inflation…)
MUMBAI: India's benchmark indices closed at record highs on Friday, but gains were modest even as wholesale inflation fell to 5-year low and foreign institutions continued to purchase stocks.
Fund managers and analysts said markets were largely indifferent to the inflation figures as hopes of interest rate cuts by the Reserve Bank of India in December have dwindled.
BSE's Sensex closed at an all-time high of 28046, up 106 points or 0.38%, over Thursday. NSE's Nifty gained 32 points, or 0.38%, to end at a record high of 8389 points. "We believe the rate cut may happen post February next year," said Nirakar Pradhan, chief investment officer at Future Generali India Life Insurance. "But we expect the market to rally further."
Foreign institutional investors (FIIs) bought shares worth Rs 645 crore on Friday, according to provisional data. These investors poured close to Rs 12,400 crore into Indian stocks in the last 11 straight trading sessions.
"FIIs during the week continued their buying in equity markets as they bought over $700 million in shares such as banking, technology and midcaps," said Pankaj Pandey, head of research at ICICI Direct. "We expect the Nifty to touch 8500 levels with support placed around 8300." Domestic institutional investors — insurance companies and mutual funds — sold to the tune of Rs 517 crore on Friday, resulting in limited market upsides.
Wholesale price index (WPI) inflation for October dropped to 5-year low of 1.77% against 2.38% in September. "Markets rose to a record high after India's wholesale price inflation moderated more than market expectations. But RBI is unlikely to cut policy rates soon till prices stabilise post the base effect in November," said Amar Ambani, head of research at IIFL.
Brent crude sank to 4-year low below $77 a barrel on Friday. Analysts said inflation is likely to head even lower with global crude prices easing and winter crop likely to push prices down.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Growth on track  will add significantly to world economy  says Suresh PrabhuPrint
Suresh Prabhu (Source: AP)
Written by P Vaidyanathan Iyer | Bresbane | Posted: November 15, 2014 10:07 pm | Updated: November 16, 2014 5:04 am
India is making the second largest contribution to the extra 2 percentage points growth that the G20 Finance Ministers agreed upon earlier this year to add to the global economic output, said Suresh Prabhu, Sherpa to Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the G20 Leaders Summit. The G20 countries account for almost 85 per cent of the world economy.
“We are doing all the right things now and our policies will add significantly to the global economy,” Prabhu told The Sunday Express. India is expected to grow between 5.4 per cent and  5.9 per cent in 2014-15 after having clocked 5 per cent in the previous year.
According to Prabhu, who was recently assigned the Railways Ministry, India received wide appreciation for having reached a deal on the WTO’s Trade Facilitation Agreement. “In doing so, we have also addressed our own food security concerns,” he said, adding that people would be at the centre of reforms pursued by the government.
A major policy measure that India has already moved on relates to reforms in the labour market, to give more flexibility to companies in hiring. While the central government has already proposed changes in related laws, some states like Rajasthan have received presidential assent for amendments to their labour laws.
The G20 countries had agreed to increase world output by an additional two percentage points over the next five years. All countries were required to prepare a detailed action plan and commit to develop new measures to achieve this. India too has prepared a plan, details of which are being presented at the G20 Leaders’ Summit.
India perceives that the world is still in the shadow of weak economic growth. The World Bank cut its 2014 global economic growth forecast to 2.8 per cent in June this year from 3.2 per cent and the International Monetary Fund lowered it 40 basis points to 3.3 per cent in October.
At a meeting of BRICS leaders ahead of the G20 Summit, Modi said this, and the impact of political turmoil, security challenges and the Ebola virus, has affected growth in developing countries. Sharing his world view, he said there was a need to revive global economic confidence, boost growth and create jobs. “India wants to go on a positive trajectory of growth and G20 can support this,” Modi said.

Jayalalithaa faces a saffron challenge as RSS firms its roots in Tamil NaduAIADMK's Jayalalithaa faces a saffron challenge as RSS firms its roots in Tamil Nadu
Nov 16, 2014, 10.41AM IST
Tags:
(The surge in Tamil Nadu is…)
By Sandhya Ravishankar
It was a dusty, muggy Sunday, the 9th of November. Tamil Nadu was witness to an unusual sight — thousands of men, clad in white shirts, khakhi shorts and black caps lined up on the streets of major cities and towns silently. Barely had the procession begun, when the police swung into action. At the end of its crackdown, 24,000 workers of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS), the organization that is the fount of Hindu nationalism in India, were arrested across the state.
The Tamil Nadu police drew on a little-used clause in Section 41A of the Chennai City Police Act, 1888, to round up the RSS volunteers who had gathered to mark their Founder's Day. The clause states that the commissioner of police has the power to prohibit drill training or assembly of persons bearing arms and wearing the uniform of any police or security force of the Union.
But two days earlier, on November 7, the Madras High Court had passed orders on this very same clause, ruling in favour of the RSS. The court had actually directed the Tamil Nadu police to permit the RSS to hold its procession and public meetings, observing that the uniform worn by the RSS workers did not resemble that of any armed forces in the country as no force today wears "half-trousers".
"When the court itself had allowed the procession, how can the police stop us?" asks Sadagopan Narayanan, media coordinator for the RSS in Tamil Nadu. "Is the police a bigger authority than the court? The state government is behind this," he says.
The march that never was is the latest example of an acrimonious political contest between the RSS and the ruling AIADMK. Narayanan blamed the government for stopping the march, but he made no bones of who was really responsible.
A Resurgent Saffron
"Jayalalithaa is scared of the RSS," smirks Narayanan. He was referring to AIADMK supremo J Jayalalithaa, who had to step down as chief minister after her conviction in a graft case. It is an open secret that she continues to rule by proxy despite the setback.
"Since 1940, we have been conducting our route marches peacefully across the state. But since she [ Jayalalithaa] came to power in 2011, the police have not allowed us to hold even a small procession citing law and order problems," he says.
  The comment is uncharacteristic coming from a Hindu nationalist organization because it is directed at the poster girl of upper caste Hindus in the state. Jayalalithaa was born a Brahmin and has long been accused by political adversaries of pandering to the 'caste Hindu' votebank. It is also illuminating — of the confidence gained by the saffron brigade in a state deeply enmeshed in Dravidian politics.
Post Narendra Modi's win at the Centre, interest in the RSS has spiked in Tamil Nadu. "Two years ago, we started the website www.rss.org to encourage people to reach out to us," says Narayanan. "On a good day, we used to get five expressions of interest. In the past year, the number has risen to 25," he says, adding that the number of requests shoots up to 50 during weekends.
The number of shakhas, or branches, too has seen a spurt (see The RSS in Tamil Nadu). The Tamil Nadu numbers may pale in comparison with neighbouring states; Kerala, for example, has 4,600 shakhas and Karnataka nearly 3,000. But the surge in Tamil Nadu is the clearest sign yet that thrust and focus by the RSS leadership on gaining ground in the southern states is paying off.
"We believe that patriotism and spirituality had been prevalent for many decades in Tamil Nadu," says R Vanniyarajan, south zone president for the RSS, who is in charge of Tamil Nadu, Kerala and Puducherry. "We see rich potential in the villages of Tamil Nadu and Kerala," he says.
RSS vs AIADMK
Indeed, the RSS is fanning out across Tamil Nadu as it attempts to build its base for the first time. The reception is far from lukewarm. Take for instance, the RSS' propaganda magazine in Tamil, Hindu Sangha Seidhi. In the past year alone, 40,000 more copies are being printed due to a surge in demand.
In urban areas, the RSS has set its sights on slums. Two years ago, a team of 108 sannyasis (saints) was deployed to visit temples inside slums and perform pujas. "We want to tell Hindus that we are for them," says Narayanan. "Dravidian parties have divided Hindus on the basis of caste for political gains. There is no caste or untouchability amongst Hindus," he says.
Last year alone, the RSS workers visited 18 lakh households in slums and villages in the state and gave offerings of tamboolam (betel nuts and leaves with a banana) along with a one-rupee coin on the auspicious occasion of the first day of the Tamil month of Chithirai, the Tamil New Year.

Gujarat s IT policy aims to increase exports...Gujarat's IT policy aims to increase exports to $1 billion
By TNN | 16 Nov, 2014, 11.18AM IST
READ MORE ON » Gujarat Government
The IT policy aims to increase the current investment in the IT and ITeS sector five times. It also focuses on increasing the turnover.
ET SPECIAL:
GANDHINAGAR: Gujarat government on Saturday announced the IT and e-governance policy for 2014-19 in the run-up to the upcoming Vibrant Gujarat summit scheduled in January 2015.
This comes four years after the previous policy lapsed.
The IT policy aims to increase the current investment in the IT and ITeS sector five times. It also focuses on increasing the industry's turnover to $15 billion and raise IT exports from the state to $1 billion besides developing employment opportunities. The policy focuses on promoting the industry while the e-governance policy is aimed at promoting the larger vision of a digital India by giving a major thrust to digitization of government services.
The government will facilitate allotment of land for IT/ITeS units. Projects capable of creating employment for more than 1,000 persons in the case of an IT unit or 1,500 persons in the case of an ITeS unit with new investment of Rs 50 crore (excluding cost of land) and above will be construed as a mega IT/ITeS project.

EPFO to float tenders for engaging new fund ...You are here: Home > Collections > Epfo
EPFO to float tenders next week for engaging new fund managers
PTI Nov 16, 2014, 11.56AM IST
Tags:
EPFO
(EPFO has a subscriber base…)
NEW DELHI: Retirement fund body EPFO will float tenders next week to appoint new fund managers for a term of three years beginning April 1, 2015.
EPFO has a subscriber base of over five crore. It manages a huge corpus of Rs six lakh crore with annual incremental deposits of over Rs 70,000 crore.
At present, Employees' Provident Fund Organisation's funds are being managed by asset management firms--SBI, HSBC AMC , Reliance Capital and ICICI Securities Primary Dealership. The term of these fund managers would end on March 31, 2015.
"EPFO will float tenders for appointment of fund managers next week. The process of appointment will take two to three months," a senior official said.
The EPFO would have to complete the process for appointment of new asset managers before March 31, 2015 as the term of existing fund managers would end on that day.
In the November 11 meeting of the EPFO's advisory body Finance Audit and Investment Committee (FAIC), the terms and conditions of the tender were discussed and firmed up.
The EPFO's apex decision making body had decided to appoint credit rating agency CRISIL as consultant for the third time for engaging new fund managers and evaluating their performance at its meeting held on August 26.
CRISIL is expected to complete the process of appointment of new fund managers within three months.
In view of the delay in appointment of new fund managers, the EPFO trustees had extended the term of existing portfolio managers, custodian and external concurrent auditor up to March 31, 2015.
During the meeting, a source said, FAIC was unanimous on retaining the existing custodian, Standard Chartered Bank which is charging a 'reasonable' fee of Rs 72,000 per annum.
According to him, EPFO may decide to retain the services of Standard Chartered Bank as custodian.
The members of the FAIC were of the view of that custodian and auditors are appointed for a period of 10 years as per prevailing practice. Thus, they should be retained as their services are up to the mark and charges are also reasonable.
EPFO had appointed Standard Chartered Bank as custodian in July 2011. The body had appointed the four fund managers SBI , HSBC AMC, Reliance Capital and ICICI Securities Primary Dealership for managing its huge corpus in July 2011 for a three year term which began on November 1, 2011.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Top 7 Sensex companies add Rs 36 840 crore in market valuation; ITC shinesTop 7 Sensex companies add Rs 36,840.41 crore in market valuation; ITC shines
PTI Nov 16, 2014, 12.09PM IST
Tags:
Coal India
(Coal India's market valuation…)
NEW DELHI: Seven of the top 10 Sensex companies added a total Rs 36,840.41 crore to their market valuation last week which saw the indices touching life time highs on continued FII inflows.
FMCG giant ITC was the biggest gainer among top 10 companies with an addition of Rs 10,015.78 crore to its market capitalisation that stood at Rs 2,93,849.29 crore at close on Friday last.
Coal India's market valuation moved up by Rs 7,453.31 crore to Rs 2,25,178.39 crore, while HDFC Bank added Rs 7,317.36 crore to Rs 2,24,423.20 crore.
The m-cap of TCS jumped Rs 6,365.86 crore to Rs 5,10,444.51 crore, while that of SBI moved up by Rs 3,441.7 crore to Rs 2,08,178.17 crore.
Similarly, Infosys' value rose by Rs 1,128.37 crore to Rs 2,40,510.20 crore and that of ICICI Bank advanced by Rs 1,118.03 crore to Rs 1,96,211.65 crore.
Encouraging macro data and FII inflows helped Sensex capture the milestone of 28K-level and Nifty to hit fresh record highs during the week. The BSE benchmark Sensex gained 178.03 points last week.
On the other hand, ONGC, RIL and Sun Pharma witnessed a decline in their market valuations.
ONGC was the biggest loser with its m-cap declining by Rs 13,603.23 crore to Rs 3,36,530.20 crore.
RIL lost Rs 3,800.9 crore in its valuation to Rs 3,13,501.28 crore and Sun Pharma shed Rs 1,066.62 crore to Rs 1,83,603.38 crore.
The ranking of top-10 firms remained intact as previous week, with TCS retaining its numero-uno position followed by ONGC, RIL, ITC, Infosys, CIL, HDFC Bank, SBI, ICICI Bank and Sun Pharma.
FEATURED ARTICLES

God of Cricket Sachin Tendulkar visits adopted Andhra Pradesh villagePrint
Sachin Tendulkar with under-privileged during an event on the eve of Children's day at Domestic Airport in Mumbai on Thursday. (Source: PTI photo)
By: Press Trust of India | Nellore | Posted: November 16, 2014 12:30 pm | Updated: November 16, 2014 12:35 pm
Batting maestro Sachin Tendulkar was Sunday accorded a warm welcome as he visited the tiny village of Puttamrajuvari Kandrika which he has decided to adopt under the Sansad Adarsh Gram Yojana.
For the villagers of Puttamrajuvari Kandrika located in Gudur mandal it was a morning with a difference, when the cricket icon and Rajya Sabha member arrived around 9 AM in their sleepy village and mingled with them.
Tendulkar was given a warm welcome by the residents of the village that was colourfully decked up. Banners and hoardings welcoming the legendary player dotted the roads leading to the village right from Gudur.
A large number of people, including women and children from the neighbouring villages and the district thronged Puttamrajuvari Kandrika to catch a glimpse of Tendulkar. They jostled with one another to take photos of him.
Venkateshwarlu, a fan of Tendulkar who came from the neighbouring Chennur village, said he had distributed over 1,000 paper masks of the master blaster ahead of his visit.
“Puttamrajuvari Kandrika has now become popular after Tendulkar adopted the village. Earlier, even people living in the neighbouring villages or in the district had not heard about the village. I have never seen Tendulkar earlier, but now I have got an opportunity to see him personally. I am happy about that,” an elated Venkateshwarulu said.
Tendulkar interacted with the villagers, who told him about the lack of proper roads, sanitation facilities, and also about the power supply scenario in the village and said they wished to see it turn into a model village after getting the necessary basic amenities.
Tendulkar laid foundation for the construction of Rs 2.79 crore worth developmental works (in the first phase), including a community centre, Anganwadi school with kitchen, a play ground, waiting halls and toilets, among other things.
The retired cricketer is also scheduled to administer oath to the villagers asking them to shun tobacco and alcohol.
He is also scheduled to play a friendly cricket match with the village children.

Anti-Naxal opersations: First women commandos team deployed in junglesPrint
While one contingent is undertaking operations in the worst Naxal-affected area of Bastar in Chhattisgarh, the other has been based at an undisclosed location in Jharkhand. (AP Photo)
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 16, 2014 1:37 pm | Updated: November 16, 2014 1:55 pm
For the first time in the country’s history, a special squad of women troops has been deployed deep inside jungles to undertake active and prolonged operations against Naxalites.
With the induction of these CRPF commandos in their trademark camouflaged ‘Khaki’ uniform, India has become one of those few countries to deploy women personnel in live combat situations in one of the most violent and high threat theatres of conflict.
The country’s largest paramilitary force CRPF, top sources said, recently has sent two small squads of its women commandos to fight the red ultras shoulder-to-shoulder with their male colleagues by not only living at the ground locations but also carrying out patrols.
While one contingent is undertaking operations in the worst Naxal-affected area of Bastar in Chhattisgarh, the other has been based at an undisclosed location in Jharkhand.
Sources privy to the development said the Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) deployed these two women contingents, of a ‘platoon’ (about 35 women in each) strength, after creating basic living facilities for them at its locations in these two Maoist violence affected states.
“This is for the first time that women have been deployed in active operations in a high-risk and sensitive area where contact with the enemy is regular and very dynamic. The squads were placed at two locations about a fortnight back and they have begun operating,” a source said.
The exact location of these women squads is only known to a handful of commanders and personnel keeping in mind the early days of their induction, the sources said.
Officials say there are specific reasons and operational benefits for deploying these women personnel in LWE areas.
While they can interact with the local women folk which not only helps in gathering good intelligence, it also helps in bringing forces closer to the villagers. A similar model of has been found successful in West Bengal where the Naxal movement is at an all-time low.

Centre against low GST threshold | How Modi govt plans to roll out Make in IndiaYou are here: Home > Collections
Centre against low GST threshold; wants a fresh look
PTI Nov 17, 2014, 04.34AM IST
Tags:
centre
(The GST Constitutional…)
NEW DELHI: The Centre is against keeping the threshold limit at Rs 10 lakh for levying GST and wants the committee on dual control to take a final view on the matter after detailed discussions.
The Centre in a communication to the state Finance Ministers has suggested that the meeting of the Committee on Dual Control, Threshold and Exemptions be convened at the earliest for "detailed discussion and analysis" of the issues concerning the threshold limit.
It has argued that the limit be kept high as the cost of collection of revenues from small traders and dealers is disproportionately high as compared to the revenue collected from them.
Quoting an analysis, the Centre said: "States are collecting just 2 per cent of their revenue from traders/ dealers having their annual turnover between Rs 10 lakh and Rs 25 lakh, while this group comprises nearly 60 per cent of all their tax payers."
Moreover, it added, keeping the threshold limit at Rs 10 lakh would mean that any dealer with a daily turnover of Rs 2,800 would come under the GST net.
While the Centre is of the view that the threshold for levying Central GST (C-GST) and the State GST (S-GST) be kept at annual turnover of Rs 25 lakh, some smaller states want it to be at Rs 10 lakh.
The Empowered Committee, however, is in favour of keeping the limit at lower level, meaning that any business establishment with an annual turnover of Rs 10 lakh will come under the ambit of the Goods and Services Tax (GST).
The GST will subsume indirect taxes like excise duty and service tax at the central level and VAT on the states front, besides local levies.
The GST Constitutional Amendment Bill, which was introduced in the Lok Sabha in 2011, had lapsed and the NDA government will be required to come up with a fresh bill.
The Empowered Committee also reviewed the revenue neutral rate for the GST, comprising C-GST and S-GST, as suggested by a GST sub-committee.
A sub-panel on GST has suggested that that revenue neutral GST rate be pegged at about 27 per cent, with the C-GST at 12.77 per cent and S-GST at 13.91 per cent.
The NDA government is likely to introduce the GST Bill in the ensuing Winter session of Parliament, beginning November 24.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Home Minister Rajnath Singh praises Jawaharlal Nehru; calls him a nation builderHome Minister Rajnath Singh praises Jawaharlal Nehru; calls him a nation builder
ET Bureau Nov 15, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Home Minister
(Speaking at Nehru’s 125th birth…)
NEW DELHI: Home Minister Rajnath Singh has showered praise on Jawaharlal Nehru for his contribution to nation-building and his legacy of mixed economy, while stressing on the need to be large-hearted to run a country as diverse as India.
Speaking at Nehru's 125th birth anniversary celebration at the Nehru Memorial Museum and Library, he criticised Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi for his 'attempts to create a sense of fear' in the minds of people. After the function, Rajnath told reporters that his comment was in response to Rahul Gandhi's statement on Thursday accusing BJP of spreading poison.
Rajnath described Nehru as rashtra purush or nation builder and his personality as "virat" or larger-than-life. He said Nehru had no personal rancour against his ideological opponents and had even invited the RSS to be part of the government's food campaign in 1950 and also made the RSS take part in the Republic Day parade of 1963.
Lauding Nehru's leadership role among world nations during the cold war, his scientific temper, and his establishment of institutions of science, the home minister urged politicians does not suffer because of a party's opposition towards an individual or a group. Taking a dig at the Gandhis, Rajnath pointed out that the democracy Nehru built was not meant to be exclusively a government of the "elites" or of just one family.
"India cannot be ruled with a narrow mind. Nehru understood this fact fully. He had no animosity towards political opponents. Nehru had faith in Indian democracy and that this is not a democracy for the elite only. That is why even his political opponents liked him," he said.
Recalling a recent meeting with Prime Minister Narendra Modi , Rajnath said it was Modi who asked that Nehru's 125th birth anniversary be celebrated in a big way.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Abdullah s escape from Ganderbal triggers a mess in NCOmar Abdullah's escape from Ganderbal trigger a mess in the National Conference
Masood Hussain, ET Bureau Nov 15, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Akbar Lone
(Omar says he did not flee Ganderbal.…)
Congress' Mohammad Yusuf Bhat, one of 13 candidates in fray from Ganderbal is perhaps the newsiest political activist. With a modest Rs 1.10 crore of assets, he has listed "marriage of daughters" as his liabilities - candidates usually list debt under this head - in his mandatory affidavit to the Election Commission.
But Bhat's "liabilities" are beyond banks and his children. An Abdullah loyalist since the days of Sheikh Abdullah, Bhat was the de facto bridge between Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah and the people of Ganderbal who elected him.
Ambitious to reach assembly, Bhat had tried every method when he was with the NC, and is even alleged to have bribed Haji Yousuf, a close aide of National Conference Chairperson Farooq Abdullah. And when he demanded the "investment" back, it became a major crisis in the party forcing, Omar one day, to call Haji to his home.
After that meeting, Omar handed over Haji to the state police's special crime investigation branch on September 29, 2011. Haji died the same night, allegedly of cardiac arrest, triggering a political storm and forcing a commission of enquiry.
Though Justice (retired) HS Bedi has already submitted his report, nobody knows its contents, barring a brief official statement that said the commission had absolved Omar of any charges. Even as Haji's son took the case to the Supreme Court, the characters of the sensational case changed their loyalties.
Raja Aijaz Ali, the inspector general of police (crime) at the time and who took Haji into custody, retired and is contesting on People's Democratic Party ticket from Uri. Salam Reshi, who too allegedly paid a bribe to Haji, defected to the PDP from the NC, while Bhat got the Congress mandate for Ganderbal, three hours after he joined the party.
"You can go and ask his ministers Akbar Lone and Mian Altaf who came to my house in the dead of the night and begged for my silence (on the bribe issue)," Bhat said on the side-lines of a small public meeting he held in a workers courtyard. "Had I opened my mouth, Omar's government would have crumbled."
Bhat may not win, but is sure to dent NC's prospects. "It was me who would send crowds for their (NC leaders) audience in Srinagar," Bhat said. "But they always treated us like cattle, handing us over from one generation to another and getting us nowhere."
Bhat was brought up in the NC and his problem now is to readjust to a new setup in which he has to negate everything he stood for until now. His past is now his biggest liability.
  KING'S CONSTITUENCY
Ganderbal has always remained in focus since the 1975 accord between former Prime Minister Indira Gandhi and Sheikh Abdullah. When the Congress decided to get the NC leader as the chief minister in a Congress dominated house, the requirement of managing a safe seat for the leader arose.
Mohammad Maqbool Bhat, a law returned-MLA, resigned from the Ganderbal seat and paved way for his election. Since then, Ganderbal has remained the "king's constituency" as it was always represented by the Abdullahs and considered a sort of political inheritance.
Sheikh Abdullah was elected from Ganderbal twice, in 1975 and 1977. After his death, son Farooq Abdullah contested and won from the constituency in 1983, 1987 and 1996. The third-generation Abdullah, Omar, lost from Ganderbal in his maiden attempt in 2002, but won in 2008 to become the chief minister.
After representing the seat for six times by the family, when Omar, seeking a re-election, chose Sonawar (Srinagar) and Beerwa (Budgam) instead of Ganderbal, it became major news.
VVIP constituencies face peculiar problems. As their representatives get entangled in larger responsibilities, they become inaccessible and the instant gate-keeping creates wedges. In the past six years, Omar appointed at least three people to stay in touch with his voters.
Apart from Bhat, Gulam Ahmad Saloora and Sheikh Ghulam Rasool, the state's former chief secretary pitch-forked to the house of elders, were given this responsibility. But those who represented Omar have deserted the party. Bhat is a Congressman, Saloora founded his own outfit to avenge his humiliation by the Abdullahs and Rasool joined the PDP.
The future of the NC in its bastion now rests on the fate and work of a former cop, Ishfaq Jabbar. Son of Sheikh Jabbar, one of the 14 MLAs who defected from Farooq Abdullah-led NC in 1984 and installed his brother-in-law Ghulam Mohammad Shah as chief minister, Ishfaq personally contested against Omar in 2008. Later he joined the NC.
VVIP CONSTITUENCY

Lanco Infratech Q2 loss at Rs.527 cr.Updated: November 15, 2014 18:46 IST
Lanco Infratech Q2 loss at Rs.527 cr.
Special Correspondent
quarterly or semiannual financial statement
Lanco Infratech has incurred a net loss of Rs.527.48 crore in the quarter ended September 30 as against Rs.581.08 crore loss in the corresponding period of the previous fiscal.
According to the consolidated results it filed to the BSE on Saturday, total income was lower at Rs.2,361.67 crore (Rs.2,466.40 crore). The forex loss in the quarter was comparatively higher at Rs.190.52 crore (Rs.151.08 crore).
The diversified infrastructure developer company said various factors beyond its control such as short supply of coal, non-availability of gas, pending tariff clarity and delayed payments from customers posed challenges for meeting the cash flow needs. The operating assets were not generating envisaged revenues on account of the factors, it said.
As on September 30, the receivables from various State electricity utility companies and other customers for sale of power totalled Rs.2,465.91 crore.
Non-supply of gas from KG D-6 stalled operations of the Phase II plant of Lanco Kondapalli Power Ltd (LKPL), while generation from the Phase-I was lower as there was no supply of gas by after a fire in the GAIL pipeline. In this backdrop, LKPL has approached lenders for reschedule of commercial operation date and repayment of project term loans of Phase III expansion, which is getting ready for operations.
The second unit of Lanco Amarkantak Power Ltd in Chhattisgarh remained shut in the quarter in view of non-availability of coal. Lanco Anpara Power Limited, which operates a 1,200-MW plant in Uttar Pradesh, had incurred losses as the facility is operating at sub optimal levels since inception due to initial stabilising issues and coal infrastructure constraints.

Justice Krishna Iyer expanded access to judicial process for allUpdated: November 15, 2014 23:18 IST
‘Justice Krishna Iyer expanded access to judicial process for all’
Staff Reporter
Tweet
THe Hindu
Justice V.R. Krishna Iyer releasing the edition of the Jindal Journal of Public Policy commemorating his 100th birthday in Kochi on Saturday. Photo: Vipin Chandran
TOPICS
accomplishment
He was honoured with O.P. Jindal Global University award
Luminaries in the field of jurisprudence paid glowing tributes to the former Supreme Court judge V.R. Krishna Iyer at a seminar organised to celebrate the 100th birthday of the eminent jurist here on Saturday.
Also Read: Krishna Iyer, a revolutionary judge: Acting Chief Justice
“I had the privilege of assisting Justice Iyer in a case when we were practising law and was struck by his incredible peroration,” former Supreme Court judge K.T. Thomas said.
“The splendid legal phraseology of his came out of his expansive vocabulary. His persuasive arguments in court were stunning,” said Justice Thomas at the inaugural session of the seminar organised by the Jindal Global Law School, Jindal School of Government and Public Policy, O.P. Jindal Global University and Menon Institute of Legal Advocacy Training.

India  China to roll out red carpet for touristsFIPB role shrinks amid easier FDI flows
Prime Minister Narendra Modi played the perfect host and a guide to Chinese President Xi Jinping as he showed the Chinese premier around at the Sabarmati Ashram in Ahmedabad during the latter’s visit to India in September.
Buoyed by the experience, China too has geared up to welcome Indian tourists and has planned slew of measures to boost tourism opportunities.
With a special emphasis on India as a potential sector for its inbound tourism traffic, the China International Travel Mart (CITM) opened in Shanghai on Friday amid much fanfare.
The CITM, China’s biggest travel and tourism event, kicked off with participation of more than 100 nations, promoting various spots of tourism in their lands.
India emerged as a major point of discussion during the event as China National Tourist Office (CNTO) put its spotlight on developing bilateral tourism arrangements with India in order to promote tourism between the two neighbours.
The event marked forum discussions where deliberations took place to spot the areas which required attention of the stakeholders to develop relationship between the two countries and spur exchange of ideas through bilateral agreements on sectors like eduction, health, infrastructure and especially through tourism.
As a leading step towards achieving this goal, China will be promoting India as a tourism destination through the Indian government’s ‘Visit India’ campaign for 2015. India will reciprocate by promoting ‘Visit China’ campaign in 2016.
“We really want Indian tourists to visit China and see places like Shanghai, Beijing, Shanxi, Datong and many more spot they would find amazing variety of experiences,” Li Qianguo, CNTO head in India told The Indian Express.
China received around 6.8 lakh tourists from India in 2013. Li said that although this number is expected to rise by around 3-5 per cent this year, they would aim at a spurt of at least 10 per cent every year considering the potential of this sector.
“Promoting Indo-China relationship for tourism, we reckon, will be beneficial for both the countries and we are hopeful the new government will acknowledge the significance of developing relationships through tourism,” said Li on the sidelines of the event.
Li also said that China was training a cadre of English-speaking tourist guides to mitigate the communication related problems and have also identified places offering Indian cuisine, besides inviting tour operators and travel writers to experience China.
(The reporter was in Shanghai at the invitation of the CNTO.)
TAGS: Narendra Modi Xi Jinping
More from economy
Stalled infrastructure projects set for a big push Sebi is considering changing rules to allow Indian banks to convert a larger portion of their loans into equity at less than...

Abrogation of Article 370 will lead to massive unrest: Farooq AbdullahPrint
"I am a batsman under treatment but raring to go back to the field."
By: Press Trust of India | London | Posted: November 16, 2014 11:34 am | Updated: November 16, 2014 11:59 am
Health woes have kept Farooq Abdullah far away from home but the three-term Chief Minister of Jammu and Kashmir says that his bigger worry today is BJP’s “sinister” plan to abrogate the state’s special status which will lead to “massive unrest”.
For the first time in nearly four decades, the 77-year-old President of the ruling National Conference, who is in the UK for the last three months for treatment of failing kidneys, is unable to lead his party’s campaign in an Assembly election.
“I am a batsman under treatment but raring to go back to the field,” he said in an interview to PTI here, explaining that he was unlikely to be in a position to go back home before February next, well after the Nov-Dec polls.
“But believe me my bigger worry is the known agenda of the BJP to abrogate Article 370 of the Constitution which gives our state a special status for which commitments were given by Mahatma Gandhi and by the Government of India.
“They (BJP) will do anything to achieve their objectives. They will polarise this sensitive state as they have done in the rest of the country. They will strike deals with anyone,” Abdullah said.
Warning of serious implications of abrogation of Art 370, he said, “there would be massive unrest in younger minds and we will never achieve peace.”
About Prime Minister Narendra Modi, the veteran politician said, “I do not know whether he can go against the dictates of RSS on Art 370. It will be a great day for the entire nation when he understands the heartbeats of the people of Jammu and Kashmir.”
Criticising BJP’s attempts to rope in separatist leader Sajjad Lone who recently met Modi, Abdullah said, “people who have been strong supporters of an independent Kashmir are being wooed by the BJP. Were they not the people who created hell in the state?”
Abdullah regards the current election as “very significant” because it will decide the future of the state as to whether Jammu and Kashmir will continue to enjoy autonomy within the Constitution of India or Art 370 will be dismantled.
“My appeal to the people is to forget all differences, all pains and tribulations of the past and stand together against forces determined to dismantle Kashmiriyat,” he said.
The former chief minister appealed to the separatist Hurriyat Conference not to boycott the election as “that will not help the situation but will only help those out to abrogate our special status”.
He said that Jammu, Kashmir and Ladakh are one state and “they have to stand together for the future progress of the state”.
He urged “my Hindu brethren not to forget the slogan of NC — Hindu, Muslim, continued…

Kiss of Love  takes the nation by stormCrossing the line: Mamata Banerjee takes the lead in use of foul language
A new kind of intimidation tactic has emerged in the political theatre of West Bengal, and this time the chief minister herself stands as the accused. Mamata Banerjee has led her party colleagues in hitting a new low of foul language usage in political discourse.
Sulemani Keeda review by Anupama Chopra: It's lovely but narrow
Sulemani Keeda means 'a bug so big that it’s a pain in the ass'. Or at least that’s how writer-director Amit V Masurkar describes his film’s title. The set-up and characters are promising but Sulemani Keeda never becomes more than the sum of its parts because it’s too thin.

G20: PM Modi urges for  close coordination  on black moneyComments
Raising the issue of black money during the G20 Summit meeting in Brisbane, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday stated that India supports all initiatives which facilitates automatic exchange of information among nations that ultimately helps in tracing unaccounted money and its eventual repatriation.
 
In series of tweets, Ministry of External Affairs (MEA) official spokesperson, Syed Akbaruddin’s twitter handle revealed Prime Minister Modi’s intervention on issues of tax evasion at the G20 Summit.
 
“We support new global standard on automatic exchange of information. It would be instrumental in getting information at unaccounted money hoarded abroad and enable its eventual repatriation. I support all initiatives to facilitate exchange of information and mutual assistance in tax policy and administration,” Akbaruddin tweeted.
 
Prime Minister Modi also stressed on co-ordinated decision making in tackling the challenge of tax avoidation and profit shifting and urged nations which are tax havens to share information for tax purposes in accordance with treaty obligations.
 
“Need for policy coordination among major economies remains strong. Although we each have our domestic priorities, co-ordinated decisions may help us all in the long run. Increased mobility of capital and technology have created new opportunities for avoiding tax and profit shifting. Urge every jurisdiction, especially tax havens, to provide information for tax purposes in accordance with treaty obligation,” Akbaruddin's Twitter handle revealed.
 
"Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (BEPS) system would fully address concerns of developing and developed economies,"Akbaruddin tweeted quoting Prime Minsiter Modi's speech at G20 Summit.
 
Akbaruddin’s twitter handle further wrote about Prime Minister Modi pointing to the growing cyber threat in addition to black money that posed a security challenge in areas like terrorism, drug trafficking and arms smuggling.
 
“Close coordination is important not just for also addressing the challenge of black money, but also security issues like terrorism, drug trafficking, arms smuggling. Resilience of our financial system will also depend on cyber security,” Akbaruddin further tweeted.
 
Earlier on Sunday Prime Minister Modi began his day by meeting German Chancellor Angela Merkel. He is slated to meet Spanish Prime Minister and also unveil a Gandhi statue among others later in the day.
 
On Saturday, Prime Minister Modi had a packed schedule, meeting leaders of BRICS, and having one-on-one interactions with leaders from France, Canada and Saudi Arabia.
 
During his meetings with BRICS leaders, Prime Minister Modi reiterated his priority of repatriating black money deposited by indians in foreign banks, and also underlined the need for fast tracking the establishment of a BRICS development bank.
 
Prime Minister Modi was accorded a red-carpet welcome by his Australian counterpart Tony Abbott upon his arrival at the Queensland Parliament for the G20 Summit. He also met with the U.S. President Barack Obama.
 
After attending the G20 Summit in Brisbane, Prime Minister Modi is scheduled to travel to Sydney, where he will attend a reception organized by and for the Indian Diaspora.
 
Prime Minister Modi will then travel to Canberra and address the special joint sitting of the Australian Parliament on November 18. He will also address an Indian community event in Melbourne before travelling to Fiji.
Leaders meet at the first plenary session at the G20 summit in Brisbane, Australia Saturday. (AP Photo)

Not exercising the right to vote is very much a rightprint
Election duty staff ink marks a voter's finger at a poling booth in Bangalore during the Karnataka Assembly Election. (UNI Photo)
Should voting be compulsory? You may think that’s a strange question but it’s also a very interesting one, as I hope to reveal. Second, you can argue convincingly on both sides of this question although I would say one has decidedly more weight. That adds to my interest in this matter, which I hope you will share.
The argument in favour of compulsory voting rests on the assertion that in a democracy voting is a duty and its corollary that the greater the number of people voting the richer and, therefore, the better the quality of that democracy. Therefore, making this duty compulsory seems a logical thing to do.
If democracy is government of the people, by the people and for the people then, ipso facto, the greater the involvement of the people the truer and purer the democracy that will emerge. That sounds simple but is it convincing? Wait and see.
The case against comprises two parts. In a democracy the size and scale of India compulsory voting is impractical. India has 83 crore or 830 million voters. If 10% choose not to vote could you really impose fines, leave aside jail terms, on such a large number? We’re talking eight crore or 80 million. And if you go by the voter turnout in May, the number that would have to be punished for not voting jumps to 28 crore, that’s 280 million!
No doubt democracies like Australia, Belgium and Switzerland have compulsory voting. But they are small and the consequence of failing to vote can easily be handled and contained. In India, it would magnify to monstrous proportions.
However, the greater argument against compulsory voting is in terms of its constitutionality. Here I have two points to make. First, voting is a right which automatically entails the right not to exercise it. To make my point clear let me put it like this: can you really make it compulsory for someone to exercise his rights if he doesn’t want to? In a democracy that would be contradictory!
Second, voting is an extension of the fundamental right of free expression, which intrinsically includes the right to silence. Forcing me to vote would breach that freedom. After all, the right not to vote is equal to the right to vote for those who choose not to!
But there’s a problem here. Well-established freedom-upholding democracies like Australia, Belgium and France (at the senate level) have compulsory voting and, therefore, don’t worry about the implied breach of freedom of expression. Either they don’t care, which is unlikely, or, clearly, there are two views about this.
Now, I’m confident the Gujarat government’s decision to make voting compulsory in local body elections will be challenged all the way to the Supreme Court. The key question is whether judges will see this as a right that cannot be made compulsory or as a duty that needs to be enforced. I can’t wait to find out.
Meanwhile, as soon as the rules are framed, the people of Gujarat will be forced to vote in local elections. But what would be the penalty if they fail to do so?
If there’s no penalty there’s hardly any compulsion. If the penalty is minor and insignificant many might not worry about it. But if it’s truly stringent it might disproportionately hurt the poor and the disadvantaged, a majority of our country. So what will it be?
 
The Gujarat government has still to make a decision. It’s not going to be an easy one.
The views expressed by the author are personal
 

God of Cricket Sachin Tendulkar visits adopted Andhra PradeshvillagePrint
Sachin Tendulkar with under-privileged during an event on the eve of Children's day at Domestic Airport in Mumbai on Thursday. (Source: PTI photo)
By: Press Trust of India | Nellore | Posted: November 16, 2014 12:30 pm | Updated: November 16, 2014 12:35 pm
Batting maestro Sachin Tendulkar was Sunday accorded a warm welcome as he visited the tiny village of Puttamrajuvari Kandrika which he has decided to adopt under the Sansad Adarsh Gram Yojana.
For the villagers of Puttamrajuvari Kandrika located in Gudur mandal it was a morning with a difference, when the cricket icon and Rajya Sabha member arrived around 9 AM in their sleepy village and mingled with them.
Tendulkar was given a warm welcome by the residents of the village that was colourfully decked up. Banners and hoardings welcoming the legendary player dotted the roads leading to the village right from Gudur.
A large number of people, including women and children from the neighbouring villages and the district thronged Puttamrajuvari Kandrika to catch a glimpse of Tendulkar. They jostled with one another to take photos of him.
Venkateshwarlu, a fan of Tendulkar who came from the neighbouring Chennur village, said he had distributed over 1,000 paper masks of the master blaster ahead of his visit.
“Puttamrajuvari Kandrika has now become popular after Tendulkar adopted the village. Earlier, even people living in the neighbouring villages or in the district had not heard about the village. I have never seen Tendulkar earlier, but now I have got an opportunity to see him personally. I am happy about that,” an elated Venkateshwarulu said.
Tendulkar interacted with the villagers, who told him about the lack of proper roads, sanitation facilities, and also about the power supply scenario in the village and said they wished to see it turn into a model village after getting the necessary basic amenities.
Tendulkar laid foundation for the construction of Rs 2.79 crore worth developmental works (in the first phase), including a community centre, Anganwadi school with kitchen, a play ground, waiting halls and toilets, among other things.
The retired cricketer is also scheduled to administer oath to the villagers asking them to shun tobacco and alcohol.
He is also scheduled to play a friendly cricket match with the village children.

A grave matter: Illegal land deals have made Muslim burial a costly affairComments
As if finding a piece of land to live on wasn't difficult enough, the search for an eternal resting place, those precious 'two-yards', is making many Muslims lose their sleep. With an increase in the Muslim population and the absence of urban planning in many cities, the hunt for graves is becoming a serious problem and has led to such trends as the advance booking of graves and the reuse of old family graves.
A young boy plays at the Mehndiyan graveyard located behind the Lok Nayak Jai Prakash Hospital in New Delhi. It is known as the resting place of of Muslim religious scholars (Photo: Subrata Biswas/HT)
In 1971, Muslims in Delhi formed just 6.5% of the population. Now they form 11.7% of the city's 1.78 crore population. 18.56% of Mumbai's population of 1.26 crore are Muslims, while Lucknow has 29 lakh Muslims. Most Muslims in these cities are ghettoised, often living in close proximity with each other in a small geographic area. These areas lack basic resources; so having a graveyard near your locality can then even be considered a luxury.
But every luxury comes at a price. These days, the cost of your final resting place can range between a few thousands and more than a lakh. Many sniff a business opportunity in the space crunch that afflicts graveyards across the country.
Pervez Khan, who came to Delhi from Patna five years ago, earns about Rs. 5,000 a month tailoring clothes on the sewing machine that he operates at the side of a road in Jamia Nagar. When Khan's sons, Shabbir (9) and Sohail (8), were accidentally electrocuted to death late last year, he went to the Jamia Nagar graveyard to bury them. He was asked to pay a total of Rs. 10,000 for the burial. After much negotiation, the graveyard caretaker agreed to Rs. 6,500. "They don't think about the situation of the person. For them, it is someone else's problem. They demand whatever they feel like," says Khan who had to borrow the money from his landlord.
Reclaiming graveyards
Earlier this year, a campaign led by Ameeque Jamei, a local CPI activist, urged locals to speak out against the irregularities in the running of the only available graveyard in the locality. Parvez Khan's plight was shared widely on social media.
The graveyard serves a population of around 5 lakh people and witnesses about 150 burials a month. According to a survey conducted by Dr Firdous Azmat, assistant professor at Jamia Millia Islamia university, the lack of sufficient burial places is one of the main problems faced by Jamia Nagar's migrant population.
"The two portions of land, which serve as the graveyard, is engulfed in a dispute between the family of the caretaker and the Wakf board," says Jamei, who adds that a committee formed by the Board was supposed to take over the land. "But a nexus between local politicians and the caretaker, who claims it is his ancestral land, is preventing the proper functioning of the graveyard."
Caught in this trap are poor people like Parvez Khan.
An RTI filed with the Delhi Wakf Board revealed that, according to the state Wakf 's 1970 gazette, there were 488 Muslim graveyards in the city. Khurshid Farooqui, a section officer at the Board, put the number of existing graveyards in the city at around 75.
Two graveyards of the listed four in Jamia Nagar area survive; Nizamuddin has 25 listed graveyards, of which about four survive; Mehrauli has 41 against its name, but in reality only a few remain. The same RTI also revealed that Rs. 13.9 lakh was spent on the maintenance of the surviving graveyards between 2006 and 2013.
"Many of these listed graveyards are not even directly overseen by the Wakf board, but are done by local committees," says Farooqui who adds that in several areas where the local Muslim population has dwindled, the local land mafia has been encroaching freely upon the graveyards as the Board dare not raise its voice.
Real estate of graves
Delhi is not alone. Other major cities are facing a similar crisis. Mumbai has 71 Muslim graveyards. Fourteen of these are managed by the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) with the remaining 57 being entrusted to Muslim organisations. Until 1984, you could pre-book a grave at Badakabristan, the largest Muslim graveyard in the city with 7,000 graves. That system was abolished and the graveyard now reuses land after a year. Incidentally, Christian burial which requires a coffin, Muslim burial only requires the body to be swathed in cloth with a layer of wood or stone then being placed over it.
The Wakf Board in Lucknow is divided into individual Shia and Sunni boards, which look after the graveyards of their own community. A few years ago, Asad Jafar from Lucknow was forced to take his father's body to the family's ancestral village for burial as he would have otherwise had to pay ` 20,000 for a grave.
"The sale of graves is like a property deal nowadays. It even involves brokers, who in turn, have deals with the mutawallis (caretakers)," says Jafar.
Of the 47 Shia graveyards registered here with the Shia Central Board of Waqfs (SCBW), 31 have disappeared and have been replaced by shops and buildings. As a result, there has been a surge in demand for Hayati Kabr or pre-booked graves. Prices range between Rs. 50,000 to Rs. 1.5 lakh.
"The way these graves are bought and sold, it seems like they are a door that opens directly into heaven," says Syed Waseem Rizvi, former chairman of the Shia Wakf Board. "People who prefer a place near their dear ones after death buy such Hayati Kabr. Poor people who can't afford them are forced to the outskirts." Rizvi claims the problems are not so severe in the city's Sunni graveyards, but there too, prices range around Rs. 25,000 per grave.
Patna is no different. The Sheikhpura graveyard is now part of a golf club and the Sultanganj graveyard is part of a police station. A petition managed to wrest a graveyard back from the proposed site for AIIMS in the city. "Encroachment is a major issue in the city. The government should be held responsible for the widespread encroachment that has been happening even after the launch of the central scheme to protect every graveyard by fencing it," says social activist Adil Hasan Azad.
Encroachment and graveyard mismanagement has also led to communal violence in many places. In July this year, Muslims and Sikhs clashed in UP's Saharanpur when a structure was being constructed on a vacant plot that the Muslim community claimed was a graveyard. In Goregaon, Mumbai, two sects (Barelvi and Tablighi) of the Muslim community clashed over the treatment of a graveyard. In 2012, Jats and Muslims in Mathura (UP) clashed after a protest against the alleged encroachment of a graveyard. In 2011, the Meo Muslims and the Gujjar Hindus of Gopalgarh in Bharatpur (Rajasthan) rioted when the latter laid claim to land near a Muslim graveyard. In 2006, Maharashtra's Bhiwandi witnessed local Muslims clash with police over the construction of a police station on land adjacent to a graveyard.
Fighting corruption
The fight to get land allotted for a graveyard is almost as intense as these riots. And it isn't just cities that suffer. In Chakarnagar, a small village near Etawah, people bury the dead in their homes or even on the road as there is no graveyard. In 2010, the Shia community in Mumbai got seven burial grounds after fighting for two decades. It took eight years for Muslims in Delhi's Dwarka, to get a graveyard. The situation isn't entirely hopeless. Millennium Park, one of the biggest gardens in the capital that usurped around 14 acres of graveyard land will return it to the Wakf board so that a new burial ground can come up in the area.
Celebrations might be premature, however. While the land is being given back to the Board, its fate is still in doubt. At the crux of the issue of the encroachment of graveyards is the widespread corruption in Wakf boards across the country. Wakf, an Arabic word, is used typically for donations of a religious or charitable nature.
According to the Joint Parliamentary Committee on Wakf under K Rahman Khan it was estimated that the total land under the Wakf in India is over four lakh acres. According to findings submitted in its ninth report in 2008, the JPC mentioned that about 80% of Wakf properties have been encroached upon. Clearly, Wakf property worth thousands of crores has been illegally handed to the land mafia. Several committees, including the Sachar Committee and the JPC, had suggested stringent actions to curb encroachment and misuse. The Union Ministry of Minorities Affairs had even directed state Wakf boards to undertake an assets survey and computerise records. However, responses to RTIs filed suggest that there has been no progress. Perhaps the Wakf (Amendment) Act, 2013, will bring some order to Wakf boards, helping to mitigate encroachment problems and make Wakf properties commercially viable.
Bahadur Shah Zafar, the last Mughal, who was banished to Rangoon by the British after the events of 1857, lamented that he couldn't be buried in his own country: Kitnaa hai badnaseeb Zafar dafn key liye/Do gaz zameen bhi na mili kuu-e-yaar mein (How unfortunate is Zafar that he can't get two yards for his burial in the land of the beloved).
It would seem that, though the world has changed, the fight for do gaz zameen continues.
Note: Afroz Alam Sahil is an independent journalist who lives in Delhi.

Letters and spirits: Delhi fort s faith in djinnsDjinns live in the heart of Delhi: they are spirits tending to the faithful seeking help. On Thursdays, they are busy when thousands turn up with letters for them.
  
Play Pause
Built by Sultan Feroz Shah Tughlaq in the fourteenth century, the ruins of the fort today rest nestled between a cricket stadium and Delhi’s Ring Road. (Abhishek Saha/HT Photo)
Every Thursday, a huge crowd visits the Feroz Shah Kotla ruins to pay their obeisance to the djinns—they pray, light candles and diyas, and write letters. (Abhishek Saha/HT Photo)
In the background of the diyas, there lies a letter to the djinns.  (Abhishek Saha/HT Photo)
A man kneels down and prays to the djinns. (Abhishek Saha/HT Photo)
A djinn-worship session under away at the Kotla.  (Abhishek Saha/HT Photo)
The ‘Minar-e-Zarreen’, a 13.1 metres high polished sandstone pillar originally erected by Emperor Ashoka in Ambala, Haryana in the third century BC, was centuries later lifted to Kotla on the ...
Popular belief goes that Laat (pillar) waale Baba, the chief of the Kotla djinns, dwells in the Minar-e-Zarreen. People crane themselves putting a hand through the railing, because they believe ...
Letters written to Laat waale Baba are left tied to the railing protecting the more than 2000-year old pillar. (Abhishek Saha/HT Photo)
Another ritual that associated with djinn worshiping in Feroz Shah Kotla is the sticking of coins on the ancient walls. (Abhishek Saha/HT Photo)
Anthropologist Anand Vivek Taneja wrote in a recent article that djinn worship in Kotla is socio-politically important for Muslims.(Abhishek Saha/HT Photo)
Welcome to the ruins of Feroz Shah Kotla fort: it was built by Sultan Feroz Shah Tughlaq in the fourteenth century and now nestles between a cricket stadium and Delhi's Ring Road. In the niches and alcoves of its stone walls, believers pray, light candles and diyas, and write letters to djinns, supernatural creatures of Islamic mythology made of fire rather than clay as humans are.
On a Thursday morning, Noorjahan, a mother of five young children, came to Kotla with photocopies of a letter in her hand. She had written to djinns: about how she and her children kept ill. Her house had been sold off and her children didn't study. She went around Kotla, sticking photos of her children and the photocopies at different spots and praying to the djinns.
Noorjahan's djinn-worship may remind you of dargahs, but in Kotla the venerated are djinns and not sufi saints or dervishes. Anthropologist Anand Vivek Taneja, an assistant professor of religious studies and anthropology at Vanderbilt University in Nashville, Tennessee, links djinn worship to modern Indian history.
The ‘Minar-e-Zarreen’, a 13.1 metres high polished sandstone pillar originally erected by Emperor Ashoka in Ambala, Haryana in the third century BC, was centuries later lifted to Kotla on the orders of Sultan Feroz Shah Tughlaq. (Abhishek Saha/HT Photo)
"It was only in 1977, a few months after the end of the Emergency, that we have the first record of people starting to come to Firoz Shah Kotla in large numbers. This seems significant, given how destructive the Emergency was for the Old City and how many poor and working class people were displaced from the Old City to resettlement colonies across the river," Taneja wrote in an article .
 According to Taneja's research, the practice of writing to the djinns in Kotla started with renewed vigour in the late 1970s when a fakir named Laddoo Shah came and started living in the ruins.
"Anyone can come here for help-there is no preferential treatment, all are equal. People come with all sorts of difficulties and write to the djinns about them. They attach photocopies of the same letters, so that the djinn under whose jurisdiction the particular case falls, can take it up," says Mohammed Harun, a resident of Old Delhi.
"Remember, the government of the djinns, is quite like ours. That's why you have to make sure that the correct department gets your application, and hence the photocopies," he says.
Every Thursday, a huge crowd visits the Feroz Shah Kotla ruins to pay their obeisance to the djinns—they pray, light candles and diyas, and write letters. (Abhishek Saha/HT Photo)
Near the Jami Masjid, a mosque inside Kotla, there is a pyramid-like structure on which stands the Minar-e-Zarreen, a 13.1-metre, highly polished sandstone pillar. It was originally erected by Emperor Ashoka in Ambala in the third century BC and centuries later lifted to Kotla on the orders of Tughlaq.
Popular belief goes that Laat (pillar) Waale Baba, the chief of the Kotla djinns, dwells in the Minar-e-Zarreen. Letters written to him are left tied to the railing protecting the pillar. People crane themselves putting a hand through the railing, because they believe that a wish asked for while touching the pillar will be granted.
Nirmal Pandey, a security guard at the Feroz Shah Kotla ruins for six years, says people's faith in the djinns amazes him. He recollects the Muslim family from Jaipur he met at the ruins last year for four Thursdays.
Letters written to Laat waale Baba are left tied to the railing protecting the more than 2000-year old pillar. (Abhishek Saha/HT Photo)
 When Pandey asked the family what brought them every week to Kotla, they said their failing business had recovered and their daughter found a groom after writing letters to the Laat Waale Baba. In return of such grace, they visited the ruins on Thursdays to complete seven cycles of djinn-worshipping.
Taneja, who completed his PhD from Columbia University last year with a dissertation on Nature, History, and the Sacred in the Medieval Ruins of Delhi, says djinn worship in the Kotla ruins is socio-politically important for Indian Muslims."The theological novelty of djinns emerging as venerated saints in contemporary Delhi cannot be understood without also paying attention to the ways in which the state, haunted by the violence of Partition, continues to erase and deaden Muslim landscapes of memory," he wrote in an article.
Kamar Ahmed would agree. The 60-year-old resident of Shahdara in northeast Delhi comes to Kotla often for quiet afternoons. He has never written to djinns but understands why people have faith in them. "I believe that whenever a section of people are in continued trouble they formulate something or the other to find a way out, and one such thing is this practice of worshipping djinns," he says.

Don t make fortune out of poor: Raghuram Rajan to micro lendersComments
Asking micro-lenders to look at only a "reasonable profit" to sustain their business while serving borrowers at the bottom of pyramid, RBI governor Raghuram Rajan has said that one should not think of making a fortune while serving poorest of the poor.
The comments come in sharp contrast to management guru late CK Prahalad's views in his book 'The Fortune at the Bottom of the Pyramid'. The concept of the fortune at the bottom of the pyramid originally appeared in an article by Prahalad and Stuart L Hart in business journal 'Strategy+Business' in 2004.
That was followed by a book with the same title that discussed new business models targeted at providing goods and services to the poorest. Microsoft founder Bill Gates, a philanthropist who has seen so far spent millions annually to help the poor, has described the book as something that offers an intriguing blueprint for how to fight poverty with profitability.
Rajan, himself is a renowned economist, said during a recent micro finance event, "I think Prahalad did a disservice by saying that there is a fortune at the bottom of the pyramid.
"My sense is that you cannot, in good conscience, make a fortune at the bottom of the pyramid. Make reasonable profits, but if you start making a fortune, it does start raising societal anxiety about how the fortune is being made".
Following the advice of Prahalad, many companies across the world and especially consumer goods, auto and telecom marketers in the country, have begun to tap the underserved markets and made a big market out of them, Rajan said.
He added however that reasonable profit must be there at the bottom of the pyramid as the business has to be self-sustaining. "If business is not self-sustaining, then entities will make a pretence of doing the business, but they are not really going to get engaged until there are profits," Rajan noted.

Main outcomes of the G20 summit in AustraliaYou are here: Home > Collections > Countries
Main outcomes of the G20 summit in Australia
AP Nov 16, 2014, 02.48PM IST
(The leaders of the world's…)
BRISBANE: The communique issued by a weekend summit of the 20 biggest wealthy and developing economies spanned issues from boosting growth to combating corruption. Here are some of the commitments made by G-20 leaders after two days of meetings in Brisbane, Australia.
GROWTH
Leaders finalized a plan outlined by their finance ministers early this year to boost the world economy. Through 1,000 policy measures, 800 of which are new, they hope to add $2 trillion to world GDP by 2018 on top of the growth already expected. World GDP this year is about $77 trillion. An assessment of the initiatives by the IMF and OECD says their clarity and concreteness has increased but some remain ``insufficiently precise.'' Offsetting that is a ``comply or explain'' requirement that might keep countries on track to meeting the goal.
WOMEN AT WORK
The G-20 nations want to see 100 million more women in employment by 2025. That will require reducing the barriers to female participation in the workforce. It would reduce poverty and inequality and boost economic growth. But the communique does not say how this new goal will be achieved.
TAX EVASION
To prevent cross-border tax evasion by corporations and wealthy individuals, G-20 countries agreed to automatically exchange tax information with each other and with other nations by 2018 at the latest. That is part of an ongoing effort to stop multinational companies lowering their tax bills by moving profits from the country where they are earned to places with lower tax rates.
INFRASTRUCTURE HUB
To be located in Sydney, this coordinating body will work with governments, companies and development banks to help the G-20 achieve a goal of increasing investment in infrastructure. It will have an initial four year mandate. Infrastructure needs in areas such as electricity networks, roads, rail and ports are particularly acute in developing countries. In Asia alone, the Asian Development Bank estimates developing countries will need to invest $8 trillion in infrastructure from 2010 to 2020 just to keep their economies moving forward.
REMITTANCES
The money sent home by foreign workers is acknowledged as crucial for supporting millions of families and businesses in developing nations. The G-20 wants to reduce the costs of remitting funds to home countries. Currently, transfer costs consume 8 percent, down from 10 percent in 2011, which the G-20 attributes to collaboration between member countries. It said it is recommitting to getting the figure down to 5 percent after failing to achieve that so far.
CORRUPTION
G-20 countries agreed to share in writing what steps they are taking to prevent abuse of shell companies. Shells conceal the identities of people who ultimately own, control, or benefit from a business and can be used to conceal criminal activity such as money laundering, tax evasion and corruption. That commitment falls short of hopes for national registers but might help put the spotlight on countries that don't make sufficient progress.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Dropbox Vice President Joins Flipkart s Board of DirectorsBengaluru: India's largest online retailer Flipkart on Thursday announced the entry of Dropbox's vice-president Aditya Agarwal in its board of directors as an independent member.
Vice-President of engineering at Dropbox, Mr Agarwal oversees the different engineering teams in the company.
'Mr Agarwal came to Dropbox via the acquisition of Cove, a company he had co-founded and was focused on improving group collaboration and communication', Flipkart said in a statement.
"Aditya is one of the best technology minds in the Silicon Valley today. With Facebook, Cove and now Dropbox, he is associated with building and driving some of the most innovative technology product companies in the world," said Sachin Bansal, co-founder and CEO of Flipkart.
He said Mr Agarwal's experience and expertise will be invaluable in helping Flipkart continue to build a world-class technology company out of India.
"Technology drives some of the biggest innovations in this world. I'm very excited to join Flipkart, which is building technology that can change the retail landscape of a country as complex as India -- it's an opportunity that has massive potential." Mr Agarwal said.
Story first published on: November 13, 2014 17:16 (IST)

Nissan Recalls More Cars Over Explosive Airbagsnissan recalls more cars over explosive airbags
Three India-Born CEOs on Fortune s Business Person of the Year ListInfrastructure Consulting Firms Seek Exemption From Service Tax: Industry Body
New York: Three leading India-born CEOs, including Microsoft's Satya Nadella have featured in Fortune's 'Businessperson of the Year' list topped by Google CEO Larry Page.
Mastercard CEO Ajay Banga, Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella and Harman International chairman Dinesh Paliwal have been named among 50 global corporate heads by Fortune Magazine.
While Mr Banga is ranked 28th on the list, Mr Nadella is 38th and Mr Paliwal 42nd.
According to Fortune magazine, these corporate heads "kept a steady hand on the tiller and took their companies full speed ahead" in a year of "tumult from volatile markets to viral outbreaks to a striking return to Cold War politics."
On Mr Banga, Fortune said: "Sometimes it's about being in the right place at the right time."
For MasterCard, that very well could come in the form of Apple Pay, which may finally break the barrier between consumers and mobile payment, the magazine said.
"MasterCard and Banga could benefit from increased transactions using mobile phones. But the CEO isn't letting MasterCard rest on its laurels, as the company continues its efforts to expand in China and other parts of Asia," it said.
MasterCard's presence in the region grew by 15pc through three quarters of 2014, compared to 2013, at a time when Asian economies have begun to show some signs of weakness, it said.
Fortune said Nadella introduced a "humbler, leaner, and hipper" Microsoft in his first year as CEO.
"Nadella, who took the helm from the notoriously outspoken Steve Ballmer last February, has initiated a complete strategic overhaul at the software giant.
"His 'cloud-first' approach, embodied in Microsoft's own cloud platform Azure, is well on its way to become a $4- billion-a-year player, big enough to take market leaders Salesforce.com and Amazon head on," Fortune added.
The third Indian-origin on the list, Mr Paliwal has been leading Harman since 2007, and has overseen the development of Clari-Fi, a technology that restores the nuances that get lost when music is digitally compressed.
"Strong demand from clients like Ferrari, BMW, Audi, and Chrysler has turned Harman into a Wall Street darling, beating analysts' earnings estimates seven quarters in a row.
"Business is so good that Paliwal recently announced a $500-million share buy-back over the next three years," Fortune said.
The list also includes Apple CEO Tim Cook on the second spot whose recent coming out made him the first openly gay CEO in the Fortune 500.
Others on the list are Walt Disney CEO Bob Iger (6), Alibaba Founder Jack Ma (10), Facebook Founder Mark Zuckerberg (13), Tesla CEO and last year's business person of the year Elon Musk (18), Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos (25), Berkshire Hathaway Chairman and CEO Warren Buffett (34) and Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz (47).
Story first published on: November 13, 2014 21:33 (IST)

Fed on Course For Mid-2015 Rate Rise  Job Market to Improve: Reuters PollEarly Next Year for Reassessment of ECB Policies' Impact: Mario Draghi
San Francisco: The Federal Reserve remains poised to start raising US interest rates by mid-2015, according to a Reuters poll of economists, but at a pace that's well short of what Fed officials themselves say would be appropriate.
The latest poll, conducted November 7-13, showed that economists also expect the job market to continue to strengthen and inflation to trend higher.
Twenty-four of 43 economists polled by Reuters said the Fed will likely start raising short-term interest rates in June of next year.
Seven expected an earlier start, while 11 believed the first rise will come in September or later.
"If we still get softer, weaker inflation numbers, the markets are certainly going to wonder - is the Fed in position to raise rates in mid-2015 like they've been saying," said Sam Bullard, senior economist at Wells Fargo, who predicts a June 2015 rate rise.
If there is no pickup in inflation, and particularly in wages, "that's certainly going to be ammunition for Chair (Janet) Yellen and the doves there for rates to continue where they are for a little bit longer."
The Fed has kept rates near zero since December 2008, and last month reiterated a promise to keep them there for a "considerable time." But it said rates would rise sooner if the economy does better than expected, and later if it does worse.
Traders are mostly pricing in a September rate hike, with trading in fed fund futures implying they see just a 22 per cent chance of it happening in June 2015.
Most comments and forecasts by Fed officials have suggested the first rate rise will come around the middle of next year.
Asked whether bond and rate markets were mis-pricing the likely series of rate hikes once the Fed begins tightening, 22 of 30 economists said 'yes,' with a large majority saying they were under-pricing that rate path.
Economists, for their part, see a shallower rate-hike trajectory than Fed officials.
The median forecast of 38 economists for the federal funds rate at the end of 2016 was 2.20 percent, compared with policymakers' median forecast of 2.88 per cent. By the end of 2017, 31 economists projected a median federal funds rate of 3.30 per cent; policymakers' median forecast was 3.75 per cent.
Top Wall Street firms polled by Reuters last week saw a trajectory midway between that of the broader group of economists in the latest survey, and Fed policymakers.
The poll follows a government report that showed a decline in the US jobless rate to 5.8 per cent in October, lending weight to the Fed's assertion at its most recent meeting that slack in the labor market is diminishing.
Economists predicted gross domestic product growth will average 2.2 per cent in 2014, rising to 3 per cent in 2015 and back down to 2.8 per cent in 2016.
The unemployment rate is seen dropping to an average of 5.5 per cent next year and 5.3 per cent in 2016, while core CPI inflation, a key concern for the Fed, is expected to rise to 1.9 per cent in 2015 and 2.2 per cent in 2016.
CPI often runs about half a percentage point higher than the Fed's preferred gauge of inflation, by which it measures progress toward a 2-per cent target.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

State Has Plan to Make Shipping Oil by Rail Saferstate has plan to make shipping oil by rail safer
Excise duty on petrol  diesel hiked  prices not to riseCrossing the line: Mamata Banerjee takes the lead in use of foul language
A new kind of intimidation tactic has emerged in the political theatre of West Bengal, and this time the chief minister herself stands as the accused. Mamata Banerjee has led her party colleagues in hitting a new low of foul language usage in political discourse.
Sulemani Keeda review by Anupama Chopra: It's lovely but narrow
Sulemani Keeda means 'a bug so big that it’s a pain in the ass'. Or at least that’s how writer-director Amit V Masurkar describes his film’s title. The set-up and characters are promising but Sulemani Keeda never becomes more than the sum of its parts because it’s too thin.

Rust-Oleum s perks sparkle among top workplacesChicago Tribune Graphics
Ellis credits such small perks with making him feel appreciated and keeping him at the company for nearly two decades. Executives, he said, could have chosen a name for the cafe. Instead, they sought employees' input and even threw in a prize for the name that was picked.
"This company, as far as corporate culture, is fantastic," Ellis said. "It's a great place to work."
Rust-Oleum ranked No. 12 among midsize companies in the Tribune's Top Workplaces list, as surveyed by WorkplaceDynamics, an Exton, Pa.-based consultancy.
Ellis said he started his career in San Diego, making sure Rust-Oleum products were on shelves, and displays were up at hardware stores. He rose through the ranks and is now a national account executive.
In some companies, people don't want to help the new guy, he said. At Rust-Oleum, older employees took the time to show him the ropes, Ellis said. It's ingrained in the culture, and now that he is a senior employee, he pays it forward.
"I don't mind helping a new person out," he said.
Perhaps the most visible perk is the headquarters building, designed by renowned architect Helmut Jahn. Its atrium, which floods with natural light, is adorned with pipes resembling those of a steamboat, a nod to Robert Fergusson, a sea captain who in 1921 founded Rust-Oleum, known for its rust-protective oil-based paint.
The family-owned company was sold in 1994 to Ohio-based RPM, whose subsidiaries make specialty paints, protective coatings and sealants. Under RPM, Rust-Oleum's annual sales have risen nearly ninefold, to $1.2 billion from around $140 million.
The coffee bar was the idea of Tom Reed, Rust-Oleum's president since 2007. As the company grew, more workers parked behind the headquarters and had to walk through a dark parking lot under the building to get to the first floor. Reed wanted his employees to feel as if they were entering through the front of the building.
So he built a glass-enclosed ramp, which allows the sun to warm the walkway and brighten the mood, he said. Reed anchored the idea by adding a cafe.
Reed, who started as a salesman in the company in 1983, said he has built on programs to keep employees engaged. For example, he beefed up the volunteering program and renamed it Rust-Oleum Cares.
The company already gave employees a paid volunteering day and matched contributions employees made to nonprofits for up to $500.

GST  insurance bill on the way  says Arun JaitleyGST, insurance bill on the way, says Arun Jaitley
Gaurav Choudhury , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, November 14, 2014
First Published: 01:18 IST(14/11/2014) | Last Updated: 12:05 IST(14/11/2014)
The government is readying a raft of big economic measures in the coming weeks, including higher foreign investment ceiling in insurance and steps to roll out a nationwide goods and services tax (GST), finance minister Arun Jaitley said Thursday.
Advertisement
“We will have the insurance bill, and we will have the coal ordinance. Hopefully, these will be passed (in Parliament’s winter session). I also intend to introduce the Constitution amendment bill to introduce the goods and services tax,” Jaitley told Hindustan Times in an exclusive interview .
“We are in the process of discussing possible changes in the land acquisition law and therefore, nobody has said it will come in the winter session,” he added.
 
The minister also took a dig at his predecessor P Chidambaram, who recently said he felt let down that Jaitley had not repealed the retrospective tax law despite having a clear majority in Parliament.
 
“Some people become bolder when they are out of office. That seems to be the case with my predecessor. I am quite surprised at the stance of a UPA finance minister who says undoing what the UPA did is economic reforms. To the extent we could cushion the Indian economy against the dangers of retrospective tax, I have already done,” he said.

OIl Mogul Hamm s Ex-Wife: $1B Isn t Enoughoil mogul hamm s ex-wife: $1b isn t enough
Chicago s Top 100 workplaces: The top midsize employersChicago's Top 100 workplaces: The top midsize employers
By Chicago Tribune Graphics, @ChiTribGraphics
Mercy Home for Boys and Girls
On behalf of the Tribune, WorkplaceDynamics of Exton, Pa., a workplace survey and improvement specialist, conducted an engagement survey of Chicago-area employers with at least 100 employees. In total, 1,813 companies were invited to participate. Of those, 240 companies completed the survey. The surveyed companies employ 193,433 people in the Chicago area, of which 124,216 received surveys and 78,921 responded. The top 100 companies were divided into three categories: small (fewer than 250 employees), midsize (250-999) and large (1,000 and more).
For companies with 250-999 employees
Rank

Falling Gas Prices Boosting Consumer Spendingfalling gas prices boosting consumer spending
China s economy experiencing period of painYou are here: Home > Collections > China
China's economy experiencing period of pain: Vice Finance Minister Zhu Guangyao
Reuters Nov 15, 2014, 12.13PM IST
("We do have problems that…)
BRISBANE: China's economy is going through a "period of pain" as authorities try to shift it towards slower, more sustainable growth, with the rapid expansion of its shadow banking sector a major problem, the vice finance minister said on Saturday.
"We do have problems that have been accumulating over time," Vice Finance Minister Zhu Guangyao told reporters at the G20 Leaders Summit in Australia.
Zhu reiterated President Xi Jinping's catchphrase of a "new normal" for the Chinese economy, saying it would be "running at relatively high speed instead of super high speed."
"We are changing gear and our economic structure is undergoing a period of pain and a period where we are absorbing the large-scale stimulus packages we rolled out earlier," he said.
The IMF expects global growth of 3.3 per cent this year, with China growing 7.4 per cent and the United States 2.2 per cent. That would still be China's slowest growth in 24 years.
SHADOW BANKING
Zhu said shadow banking, a term that broadly refers to a variety of lending that does not appear on bank balance sheets, and overcapacity in the parts of the economy were some of the major problems facing China.
"The main problem of shadow banking is the offshoot business of the banks, and it's mainly about the trust funds that they run," Zhu said.
The Financial Stability Board said in a recent report that China's shadow banking sector grew rapidly in 2013 and was now the third largest in the world.
Zhu said the size of the shadow banking sector compared with the total financial volume of the world's second-largest economy "is not that great, but the biggest risk here is that growth is very rapid."
Beijing has been trying to rein in the riskier elements of shadow banking without shutting down the flow of money to smaller businesses that need funding.
Figures on Friday showed bank lending tumbled in October and money supply growth cooled, raising fears of a sharper economic slowdown and prompting calls for more stimulus measures, including cutting interest rates.
Zhu said the global economy recovery was too slow and unbalanced, and also called on the United States to ratify a much-delayed IMF quota and governance reform package.
"We also really hope to see that our partners in Europe, in Japan... will restore a relatively high growth rate," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Telcos text rural India to ring in SMS growthTelcos offering SMSes in vernacular languages for rural India to increase revenue growth
Gulveen Aulakh, ET Bureau Nov 15, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Bharti Airtel
(Vodafone India, which has…)
NEW DELHI: With SMS revenue slowing to a trickle under the onslaught of instant messengers, telecom operators have begun to consider offering it in vernacular languages or bundled with data in a bid to keep alive a service that at one time was among the cheapest modes of communication.
While a large chunk of the SMS revenue has fallen due to the advent of applications such as Whatsapp, Facebook and others, telecom service providers feel that the massive Indian populace in rural areas would still prefer to use the mainstream messaging platform rather than more expensive data from the word go.
"There are 300 million people yet to get connected, who will use SMS as a primary means of sending messages. So, even though SMS usage is declining, it will not go away completely in a market like India," said Rajan Mathews, director general of the Cellular Operators Association of India, the lobby group representing GSM operators including Bharti Airtel, Vodafone India and Idea Cellular.
According to UK-based research firm Ovum, Indian telcos have lost an estimated $1.2 billion in potential revenue from SMS and value-added services in 2013 because of the arrival of social media messaging services. It estimates this to widen to $1.56 billion this year, $2.2 billion in 2015 and $3.1 billion the year after that.
"The market leaders have felt the biggest impact, Airtel and Vodafone. However, the revenue that has been generated from the sale of mobile broadband (bought specifically for the chat apps) has more than compensated for the loss in SMS revenue," Neha Dharia, senior analyst focusing on consumer services at Ovum, told ET.
SMS revenue as part of non-voice revenue, including value-added services, for Bharti Airtel fell to 5.4% in the quarter ended September 2014, from 6.7% in the same three-month period last year. Income from non-voice services, essentially from offering data, rose in the same period to 20.2% of total revenue from 16.4%.
Vodafone India, which has also seen its data revenue jump, said SMS revenue was never a significant portion of overall revenue.
  The diminishing contribution of SMS to telcos' revenue — and the increasing demand for data which is compensating, at least in part, this decline — has led to question marks over the survival of the text messaging service itself.
However, more than 70% of the devices sold in India are still fearturephones. Moreover, with most of the mobile subscriber additions happening in rural India — which means a populace that is more likely to use cheaper devices with fewer frills than smartphones — a huge target segment for the traditional texters still remain.
"There is still scope for growth of nonvoice revenues," Sashi Shankar, chief marketing officer at Idea Cellular said, while adding that the company is offering a number of low-cost SMS packs to increase customer stickiness.
Industry non-voice revenue is still low at about 20% compared with world average of 50%, a spokesperson from Idea Cellular, the third largest mobile phone company by subscribers, said separately.
A large percentage of the rural populace is not comfortable using English to communicate on mobile phones, so a local language SMS support can perhaps bring back some revenue, COAI's Mathews said.
Such a plan could get a bump up by Internet giant Google that recently launched its Hindi keyboard for smartphones which will be available through software updates. Regional languages will be added to the keyboard soon.
Besides, telcos could explore options where voice and SMS are bundled with data, a trend in developed markets, but without the contract liabilities. "Present tariffs are structure that way that voice and SMS bundled and data is separate, but there will be a time when all networks will converge to data," Mathews said.
"Paying for data and getting voice and messages free would come very soon," said Sandeep Yadav, head of voice and data at MTS India.
Players like MTS have devised other ways of innovating the way SMS works alongside messenger apps. Its MBuddy app allows featurephone users to send as many messages to another featurephone on the company's network, for .`15 a month.
FEATURED ARTICLES

DoT admits to spectrum crunch; carriers hopeful govt will take steps to spur M&AYou are here: Home > Collections
DoT admits to spectrum crunch; carriers hopeful govt will take steps to spur M&A & permit trading
Anandita Singh Mankotia, ET Bureau Nov 15, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
DoT
(The telecom department…)
NEW DELHI: The telecom department has admitted to scarcity of spectrum availability to private telcos, raising hopes among carriers that New Delhi will take speedy steps to spur M&A and permit airwaves sharing and trading.
An internal presentation of the telecom department (DoT) points out that the biggest reason for slow wireless broadband speed is the paucity of bandwidth with telecom operators.
"The policy framework should enable making available sufficient spectrum to telecom operators. One step could be to facilitate consolidation of players in the telecom sector so that sufficient spectrum is available to each operator," said the presentation titled 'Why Broadband Speeds Are So Low'.
Telecom Regulator's Views
"Further, sharing and trading of spectrum should be permitted... further trading would allow operators to aggregate their holdings into contiguous lot," it added.
A week ago, the telecom department had turned down Telecom Regulatory Authority of India's (Trai) recommendations on holding a multi-band auction and enhancing the supply of airwaves to be sold by utilising the bandwidth reserved for the defense services and after taking back part of the spectrum which aren't been used by the state-run telcos.
The DoT had told the regulator that it would auction only the amount of airwaves it has and not increase the supply. The DoT has also steadfastly refused to accept Trai's proposal of creating an extended GSM (e-GSM) band by utilising part of 800 MHz, which could, according to a group of operators, add to the spectrum pool.
The recent presentation that concedes that there is a shortage of supply of airwaves vindicates the views of the telecom regulator as well as private telecom operators who have harped on the issue of lack of airwaves and have been clamouring for more spectrum to be auctioned.
Both the sector watchdog and the carriers have been saying that the bandwidth scarcity is hampering network expansion plans, especially when the country is moving towards more data usage. However, the presentation is silent on how will the DoT increase supply of airwaves, apart from encouraging consolidation and spectrum sharing and trading.
"The substantial growth in data necessitates large quantity of spectrum to be made available if we are to accomplish the Digital India programme. We welcome the telecom department's move in providing for additional spectrum," Rajat Mukarji, the chief corporate affairs officer at Idea Cellular, told ET. "However, it must be remembered that the spectrum is contiguous, duly-harmonised and in the right band so that it can benefit the end user."
  The department's report acknowledged the need for continuous spectrum too. It said that newer technologies such as LTE would require a contiguous block of 5 Mhz spectrum.
Referring to the surging data demand in the country, the internal presentation says there is need to provide adequate spectrum to operators in India to ensure availability of quality services. "With advent of more bandwidth hungry applications and sale of smartphones, scarcity of spectrum has become all the more glaring". Operators couldn't agree more.
Marten Pieters, chairman of GSM lobby group COAI, and Vodafone India's Managing Director has repeatedly said that spectrum availability in India is not on a par with international markets such as the US and its scarcity is causing problems such as low voice quality and slow broadband speed.
Last month, the Trai, while recommending a reserve price of airwaves in the 900 and 1800 Mhz band, had pointed out how on an average the airwaves held by Indian telecom operators -- at 6.6 Mhz -- was much lower than those held by their counterparts in other countries.
In France alone, where there are just four operators, the average airwaves held by each in the 900 and the 1800 Mhz band was over 20 Mhz.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mobile data subscribers to reach 501 million by FY18: ReportCLSA
(India's smartphone penetration…)
NEW DELHI: Mobile data subscribers in the country are expected to grow over two times to reach 501 million by 2017-18 led by increasing consumer engagement with mobile phones, availability of low-cost smartphones and expansion of data networks, a report has said.
"We project mobile data subscribers to expand from 198 million as of FY14 to 501 million by FY18 and data traffic to jump sevenfold, making mobile data a compelling Rs 883 billion ($ 15 billion) annual revenue opportunity," global brokerage firm CLSA said in a report.
The firm said handsets are becoming the primary means for accessing the internet and mobile data usage is surging as social networking, music, email, video and m-commerce attract all categories of subscribers.
"Fuelling the expansion of data traffic are low-cost smartphones, which have only just begun to replace feature phones; and at 13 per cent penetration there is a huge pent-up demand," it added.
CLSA said social media has also been instrumental in driving engagement. Giving an example, it said there are over 108 million active Facebook users in India and that figure is growing at over 20 million per year.
"Interestingly, nearly 75 per cent of those users access the site through mobile devices," it said.
The report said smartphones have lowered the entry barrier to internet access significantly as they are available for 30 per cent of the cost of a personal computer ($ 50, versus $ 170) and just 3 per cent of per-capita income, making them extremely affordable.
"Leading manufacturers are sensing this growth opportunity in the affordable smartphone market and have lined up multiple offerings in the $ 30-100 price range," it added.
India's smartphone penetration of 13 per cent is still very low, but the market is seeing an expanding range of both affordable and high-end devices.
"We expect smartphone penetration to triple over 2014-18 to 41 per cent, driven by the increasing availability of affordable smartphones," the report said.
Along with the increasing availability of affordable smartphones, the acceleration of data-network rollouts by mobile operators is also driving mobile data adoption, it added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Services Export Up 5.3% at $12.94 Billion in September: RBIYou are here: Home Industries
Services Export Up 5.3 Per Cent at $12.94 Billion in September
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 15, 2014 16:32 (IST)
Infrastructure Consulting Firms Seek Exemption From Service Tax: Industry Body
Mumbai: Services exports rose 5.3 per cent to $12.94 billion in September 2014 as compared to the corresponding period last year.
However, import of services during the month fell 9.1 per cent to $6.17 billion against the year-ago period, data from the Reserve Bank of India showed.
In August 2014, services exports were nearly flat at $12.24 billion. Services import was up 7.5 per cent at $6.77 billion in August over the year-ago month.
Cumulative receipts of exports in services during April-September stood at $79.05 billion while cumulative payments (or imports) were at $43.04 billion.
Services export in 2013-14 stood at 167.01 billion while imports were at $88.19 billion.
The services sector contributes about 60 per cent to the country's gross domestic product.
Story first published on: November 15, 2014 16:02 (IST)

Microsoft announces browser based Skype versionUpdated: November 15, 2014 20:07 IST
Microsoft announces browser based Skype version
ANI
Tweet
AP
The beta version of Skype launched for Web will allow users to log into their Skype accounts from all browsers.
TOPICS
world wide web
Microsoft has announced a browser based version of Skype that will allow users to make audio and video Skype calls on any system.
According to PC World, Skype says the new beta web app will be rolling out very slowly to a small number of existing and new users, with a worldwide release expected in the coming months.
The software giant says the beta version of Skype launched for Web will allow users to log into their Skype accounts from all browsers, including Internet Explorer, Chrome, Firefox and Safari.
Skype says it is working hard with the Internet Explorer team to create a plugin-free WebRTC version of Skype for Web, the report said.

India taps Chinese provinces for bolstering foreign investmentUpdated: November 15, 2014 19:16 IST
India taps Chinese provinces for bolstering foreign investment
Atul Aneja
India-China
A rare convergence of policies is deepening Sino-Indian economic engagement, which is now going beyond China’s coastal areas, following President Xi Jinping’s visit to India.
A 98-member business delegation from Zhejiang, a private sector stronghold, which will visit New Delhi and Ahmedabad later this month, is symbolic of a developing trend, where Chinese provinces, on the lookout for business expansion, are broadening their footprint in India.
In an address, last Sunday, to CEOs of the Asia-Pacific Economic Conference (APEC), Mr. Xi announced that Chinese overseas investment over the next decade is targeted at $ 1.25 trillion — a substantial jump from last year’s already impressive $660 billion.
The visiting delegation includes Alibaba — the e-commerce platform and the Wahaha group, an ambitious food and beverage giant, which hopes to aspire for a niche in India.
India is welcoming China’s investment outreach, as it could energise its own “Make in India” campaign. “There is a happy convergence of Chinese policy of escalating overseas investments and the ‘Make in
India’ campaign that is focused on attracting large-scale foreign investments,” says Ashok K. Kantha, India’s Ambassador to China.
But looking at the bigger picture, New Delhi is also, at the same time, telling Beijing that a sustainable economic engagement would also depend on improvement of market access of competitive Indian products into China, to counter the acutely adverse trade balance between the two countries.
Diplomatic sources said that India was looking for investment-led trade expansion, based on exports resulting from Chinese investments in India, as part of the solution to this problem.
Indian missions in China are doing some serious legwork to encourage Chinese companies in the hinterland, beyond the well-established coastal clusters such as Shanghai and Guangzhou, to invest in India, including the two industrial parks that were cleared during the Chinese President’s visit.
“We are now moving into areas in China, preferably with a vibrant historical connection with India, and, which, at the same time, have substantial untapped business potential,” says Namgya Khampa, Trade and Commerce counsellor at the Indian Embassy in Beijing.
Hard economic diplomacy is being nuanced with cultural and academic engagements in this exercise to build bridges with the Chinese provinces. The Indian ambassador, during his visit to Gansu province earlier this month, visited Dunhuang, home to the famous Dunhuang Grottoes — a testimony to the flourishing exchanges between India and China along the ancient Silk Route.
Soft power and economic diplomacy is also being combined in efforts to bond a relationship with the coastal Shandong province, which has a GDP of 892 billion dollar, making it the third wealthiest province in China. The Indian side wants a dedicated linkup between one of the states and Shandong, which is also one of the foremost sites of Buddhism, Taoism and Confucianism. There is considerable expectation in Indian circles that Shandong will become a major investor in the two investment parks India — a result of pioneering collaboration between the two countries, which focus on the automobile industry, and the manufacture of power equipment.
Border trade between India and China is still modest but cross-border commerce through Nathu La pass that links Sikkim with Tibet holds considerable promise. So far Indian and Chinese truckers ferry locally produced goods between the two market hubs - Sherathang on the Indian side and Rinqingang on the Chinese. But the infrastructure beyond Rinqingang is of the highest quality, opening up possibility of much larger trade volumes in the future.

MF exposure to software stks hits record-high in Octassets under management
(Among others, MFs have an…)
NEW DELHI: The mutual fund industry is betting big on software companies as its equity exposure to the sector climbed to a fresh all-time high of about Rs 33,000 crore at the end of October.
This also marks the fifth consecutive rise in mutual fund (MF) industry's exposure to software stocks.
Mutual fund is an investment vehicle that is made up of a pool of funds collected from many investors for the purpose of investing in securities such as stocks, bonds, money market instruments and similar assets.
The funds' investment in software stocks stood at Rs 32,838 crore as on October 31, 2014, accounting for 10.43 per cent of their total equity assets under management (AUM) of Rs 3.15 lakh crore, according to data available with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi).
At current levels, the MF industry has the highest exposure to software sector since August 2009. Data is not available for sector-wise exposure before August 2009, when the equity funds had deployed Rs 11,913 crore (6.71 per cent) in software shares.
The previous high was in September this year when investment in the sector rose to Rs 31,834 crore.
"Software services as a sector has not participated as much in the recent rally as some of the other sectors have," said Raghavendra Nath , Managing Director at Ladderup Wealth Management Pvt Ltd.
"Software services remain the backbone of Indian exports. With the growth in US becoming robust, the offtake of these services would likely increase in future. Therefore the sector is likely to remain in good health," he added.
This year has seen a consistent growth in investment in software stocks by equity fund managers with fund infusion growing from Rs 27,772 crore in January to Rs 32,838 crore in October.
Besides, mutual fund managers raised their exposure in bank stocks to a record high of nearly Rs 63,000 crore in October this year, which is the highest among all the sectors.
Among others, MFs have an exposure of Rs 21,845 crore in pharma space, followed by auto (Rs 20,282 crore) and finance (Rs 17,843 crore).
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nokia Lumia 830 review: Great camera butoverpricedThis is one of the better Windows Phone, but we cannot agree with the 'affordable flagship' tag.
Written by Debashis Sarkar | New Delhi | Posted: November 16, 2014 12:33 pm
Microsoft launched its ‘affordable flagship’ Nokia Lumia 830 Window Phone 8.1 smartphone in October. One look at this smartphone, and you will get a feeling that the device promises quality. But then is it enough to grab the attention of buyers who are bored with Android and can’t afford iOS? We check out.
Specs: 5-inch 1280 x 720 pixels display | Windows Phone 8.1 OS | 1.2 GHz quad-core Snapdragon 400 processor | 1 GB RAM | 16 GB internal memory expandable up to 128 GB | 10 MP PureView camera, 0.9 MP HD front camera | 2200 mAh battery
Price: Rs 28,799
Design: The phone is great to hold, but like the Lumia 830 is similar in looks to most of the latest Windows smartphones. However, Microsoft has given a premium feel by adding a metal rim and polycarbonate back cover. At the back, you will find the big round camera module which is bordered by a slightly raised cut-out on the back cover, as if hinting that the device is focused on its camera. Overall, the build quality is superb and offers good grip.
Display: Microsoft calls it the ‘affordable flagship’ but it does not have all flagship features. For instance, the display is not Full HD.  But then I did not have much to complain as it delivered some stunning results. The 5-inch display offers a resolution of 1,280×720 pixels at a density of 226ppi, which while not great on paper leaves you satisfied. The viewing angles are good and the ClearBlack filter did a good job by offering decent outdoor visibility. Overall, you will like the display.
Performance: As I promised, I will not mention the hardware specs here. From a user’s perspective, I did not witness any lags.  However, the phone heated up like crazy when I was shooting down zombies in the Dead Target game. Doing routine stuff was pretty smooth and the phone is quite responsive. In general, the apps loaded quickly, but the camera took a while to open. I really liked the sound quality and liked watching videos on the phone. The overall multimedia experience is good. Now, if all this is achieved by a 1.2GHz quad-core Snapdragon 400 processor with 1GB RAM, I am happy with it. And yes, Cortana is not available in India yet, so, don’t curse it.
Camera: I am not wasting time writing how good the camera is. I tried it in almost all regular light conditions, and the PureView camera did not disappoint me at all. It’s a 10 MP camera, but don’t go for the mega pixels only. The PureView camera with Zeiss optics, optical image stabilisation and a dedicated button will make you feel like that you are using a digicam.
Connectivity: The phone offers NFC along with regular connectivity features. I did not witness any issues with connectivity.
Battery: The good part of not having a jaw-dropping spec sheet is getting decent battery life. The 2,200 mAh battery will easily last a day.
Verdict: This is one of the better Windows Phone devices, but I simply cannot agree with Microsoft calling it an ‘affordable flagship’ by just giving a PureView camera at Rs 28,799. For those bored Android users out there, the Nokia Lumia 830 might offer a good break only if you are dying to get a PureView camera. For those who are already using a Windows Phone, this is a good upgrade. However, I found the price to be bit on the higher side and I cannot term this as an affordable handset. Blame Android.

Kudankulam nuclear plant to start commercial ops by Jan 22New Delhi, November 16, 2014
Updated: November 16, 2014 12:23 IST
Kudankulam nuclear plant to start commercial ops by Jan 22
PTI
A file photo of the reactor buildings at the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Project near Tirunelveli.
TOPICS
nuclear power
Commercial operations of the first 1,000 MW unit of Kudankulam nuclear power project is now expected to start by January 22, 2015, as an earlier deadline could not be met due to technical problems.
The Nuclear Power Corporation, which is implementing the 2,000 MW plant, has received permission from the Central Electricity Regulatory Commission (CERC) for extending the deadline for commercial operation.
The plant, having two units of 1,000 MW capacity each, is being set up with technical cooperation of Russia. The first unit could not start commercial operations by the earlier specified date of October 22 on account of certain technical problems.
Nuclear Power Corp submitted before the CERC that technical problem relating to the turbine would be resolved by December 22, 2014 and sought one month time “for eventualities” during the rectification work.
Taking into consideration the technical problem, the regulator in an order dated November 10 has allowed Nuclear Power Corp to inject infirm power into the grid for the commissioning tests including full load test of the first unit till January 22, 2015.
Infirm power refers to supply that is not committed and mainly fed into the grid as part of testing purposes.
At Unit-I, the first and second stage turbine blades and diaphragm have been damaged which are being replaced by taking from Unit-II, according to Nuclear Power Corp.
“The replacement of blades and diaphragm would take about from 7 to 8 weeks time. Therefore, the COD is expected to be achieved by January 22, 2015,” the company had told the CERC.
Successful testing of reactor, turbine-generator, feed water pump system and the control and protection system of different transients are mandatory as per Atomic Energy Regulatory Board, before declaring Commercial Operation Date (COD) of the project.
COD refers to the day from which the unit starts full commercial generation of electricity.
CERC has also asked the company to file a status report on rectification work carried out at the unit by December 30.
Nuclear Power Corp, after synchronised the unit into the grid on July 15, had earlier planned to start commercial operations in September.
“However, while raising power, an increase in turbine thrust bearing temperature was observed and the temperature touched operational limit on reaching power level of 850 MW.
“For attending to the technical problem, Turbine-Generator was taken off the bar and reactor was shut down on September 26, 2014,” the company has informed CERC.
The turbine high pressure casing is being dismantled for carrying out inspection of the turbine and identify the problem along with specialists of the turbine manufacturer from Russia.

G20 vows to put in place tax info exchange mechanism by 2017You are here: Home > Collections > Countries
G20 vows to put in place tax info exchange mechanism by 2017
PTI Nov 16, 2014, 01.31PM IST
(The leaders of 20 developing…)
BRISBANE: The G20 leaders today committed to put in place a mechanism for automatic exchange of tax information between member countries by 2017, an issue which has been continuously raised by India at international fora to check the menace of black money.
The leaders of 20 developing and developed countries also endorsed the action plan to tackle Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (BEPS), which would be finalised in 2015, to make sure companies pay their fair share of tax.
Besides Prime Minister Narendra Modi, the G20 summit was attended by global leaders including US President Barack Obama and United Kingdom PM David Cameron and others.
"To prevent cross-border tax evasion, we endorse the global Common Reporting Standard for the automatic exchange of tax information (AEOI) on a reciprocal basis. We will begin to exchange information automatically with each other and with other countries by 2017 or end-2018," the communique released after the end of two day G20 summit said.
Later, briefing media, India's G20 Sherpa Suresh Prabhu said: "Prime Minister has significantly made a strong pitch for (checking) black money. India is doing its very best to get it (back). This is very necessary because tax havens create possibility of erosion of tax."
The G20 countries said they are taking steps to ensure fairness in the international tax system and to secure their revenue bases.
"Profits should be taxed where economic activities deriving the profits are performed and where value is created," the communique said, adding that the BEPS action plan will be finalised by 2015.
The BEPS initiative would ensure that tax is paid where profits are made.
The new framework of automatic exchange of tax information would mark a significant forward movement from the current practice of information exchange mostly on the basis of requests and only in the cases of suspected tax evasion or other financial crimes.
The standard, once implemented, would allow governments to obtain detailed account information from their financial institutions and exchange it automatically with other jurisdictions on an annual basis.
The G20 communique said: "We will work with them (developing countries) to build their tax administration capacity and implement AEOI. We welcome further collaboration by our tax authorities on cross-border compliance activities."
The new global standard on automatic exchange, as formulated by Paris-based Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD), would be common for all countries.
It would facilitate a "systematic and periodic transmission of bulk taxpayer information by the source country of income to the country of residence of the taxpayer concerning various categories of income or asset information"
India has been at the forefront in raising the issues concerning tax avoidance and automatic exchange of information with a view to curbing tax evasion.
To enable automatic exchange of information on an annual basis, the financial institutions, including banks, brokers and fund houses, would have to mandatorily collect necessary details from their clients and submit them to their respective regulators.
The development assumes significance for India, as it has been facing difficulties in getting information on cases of suspected tax evasion from other countries, especially Switzerland, which has been maintaining that such details can't be shared without specific proof of financial irregularities by the concerned Indian client of Swiss banks.
However, the AEOI would also have a confidentiality clause and safeguards, while countries would need to pass domestic laws as per their respective legal jurisdictions to enable such a cooperation.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Putin leaves Australia after tense G20 summitVladimir Putin cites need to sleep on leaving tense G20 summit
AFP Nov 16, 2014, 10.33AM IST
Tags:
Australia
(Putin left before the final communique from…)
BRISBANE, AUSTRALIA: Vladimir Putin jetted out of Australia Sunday after a testy G20 summit where he faced concerted Western fire over the Ukraine crisis, saying he left slightly early because he needed to get some sleep.
The Russian strongman, a judo black belt who prides himself on his stamina, left before the final communique from the weekend talks was issued, but attended the annual forum's wrap-up lunch and praised the "constructive" discussions.
Speaking at a news conference just before flying out of Brisbane, he thanked Tony Abbott for hosting the event, despite the Australian prime minister threatening to confront him over the shooting down of Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17 over Ukraine in July.
Putin added in comments reported by the RIA Novosti news agency that the decision to leave Brisbane early had nothing to do with tensions over Ukraine.
Instead, he wanted to catch up on some sleep ahead of a full day's work back home on Monday.
"We need nine hours to fly from here to Vladivostok and another nine hours from Vladivostok to Moscow," he said.
"Then we need to get home and return to work on Monday. There's a need to sleep at least four to five hours."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Anti-Naxal operations: First women commandos team deployed injunglesPrint
While one contingent is undertaking operations in the worst Naxal-affected area of Bastar in Chhattisgarh, the other has been based at an undisclosed location in Jharkhand. (AP Photo)
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 16, 2014 1:37 pm | Updated: November 16, 2014 1:55 pm
For the first time in the country’s history, a special squad of women troops has been deployed deep inside jungles to undertake active and prolonged operations against Naxalites.
With the induction of these CRPF commandos in their trademark camouflaged ‘Khaki’ uniform, India has become one of those few countries to deploy women personnel in live combat situations in one of the most violent and high threat theatres of conflict.
The country’s largest paramilitary force CRPF, top sources said, recently has sent two small squads of its women commandos to fight the red ultras shoulder-to-shoulder with their male colleagues by not only living at the ground locations but also carrying out patrols.
While one contingent is undertaking operations in the worst Naxal-affected area of Bastar in Chhattisgarh, the other has been based at an undisclosed location in Jharkhand.
Sources privy to the development said the Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) deployed these two women contingents, of a ‘platoon’ (about 35 women in each) strength, after creating basic living facilities for them at its locations in these two Maoist violence affected states.
“This is for the first time that women have been deployed in active operations in a high-risk and sensitive area where contact with the enemy is regular and very dynamic. The squads were placed at two locations about a fortnight back and they have begun operating,” a source said.
The exact location of these women squads is only known to a handful of commanders and personnel keeping in mind the early days of their induction, the sources said.
Officials say there are specific reasons and operational benefits for deploying these women personnel in LWE areas.
While they can interact with the local women folk which not only helps in gathering good intelligence, it also helps in bringing forces closer to the villagers. A similar model of has been found successful in West Bengal where the Naxal movement is at an all-time low.

Centre against low GST threshold | How Modi govt plans to roll out  Make in IndiaYou are here: Home > Collections
Centre against low GST threshold; wants a fresh look
PTI Nov 17, 2014, 04.34AM IST
Tags:
centre
(The GST Constitutional…)
NEW DELHI: The Centre is against keeping the threshold limit at Rs 10 lakh for levying GST and wants the committee on dual control to take a final view on the matter after detailed discussions.
The Centre in a communication to the state Finance Ministers has suggested that the meeting of the Committee on Dual Control, Threshold and Exemptions be convened at the earliest for "detailed discussion and analysis" of the issues concerning the threshold limit.
It has argued that the limit be kept high as the cost of collection of revenues from small traders and dealers is disproportionately high as compared to the revenue collected from them.
Quoting an analysis, the Centre said: "States are collecting just 2 per cent of their revenue from traders/ dealers having their annual turnover between Rs 10 lakh and Rs 25 lakh, while this group comprises nearly 60 per cent of all their tax payers."
Moreover, it added, keeping the threshold limit at Rs 10 lakh would mean that any dealer with a daily turnover of Rs 2,800 would come under the GST net.
While the Centre is of the view that the threshold for levying Central GST (C-GST) and the State GST (S-GST) be kept at annual turnover of Rs 25 lakh, some smaller states want it to be at Rs 10 lakh.
The Empowered Committee, however, is in favour of keeping the limit at lower level, meaning that any business establishment with an annual turnover of Rs 10 lakh will come under the ambit of the Goods and Services Tax (GST).
The GST will subsume indirect taxes like excise duty and service tax at the central level and VAT on the states front, besides local levies.
The GST Constitutional Amendment Bill, which was introduced in the Lok Sabha in 2011, had lapsed and the NDA government will be required to come up with a fresh bill.
The Empowered Committee also reviewed the revenue neutral rate for the GST, comprising C-GST and S-GST, as suggested by a GST sub-committee.
A sub-panel on GST has suggested that that revenue neutral GST rate be pegged at about 27 per cent, with the C-GST at 12.77 per cent and S-GST at 13.91 per cent.
The NDA government is likely to introduce the GST Bill in the ensuing Winter session of Parliament, beginning November 24.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Tata Motors focus on customer satisfactionTata Motors focus on customer satisfaction, to woo back buyers
By PTI | 16 Nov, 2014, 01.42PM IST
In the past, Tata Motors had faced issues related to customer satisfaction in its after sales and service resulting in poor perception.
()
Prices | Financials | Company Info | Reports
NEW DELHI: Tata Motors is going all-out to please customers, right from buying experience to after sales service to enhance satisfaction, as it looks to overcome past issues and claw back to a dominant position in the domestic passenger vehicles market.
Buoyed by the response to its latest compact sedan Zest that managed to pip Honda's Amaze in October sales , the company is also integrating its 'quality process' in the entire product planning system from early design stages right up to the final vehicle.
"We have studied trends in customer complaints at every touch point and have worked closely with the quality team in the manufacturing facility on repair quality feedback," a Tata Motors spokesperson told PTI.
In the past, Tata Motors had faced issues related to customer satisfaction in its after sales and service resulting in poor perception.
The quality teams have helped the service team to resolve repairs in the most effective manner. The move helps in a revamped customer complaints management programme that is backed now by a post-resolution feedback system to ensure lasting resolutions and customer satisfaction, the spokesperson added.
Further, the company has worked on the supply side by re-working its logistics management system for speedy spare parts delivery. It has also has enhanced its distribution warehouse network with development of a warehousing facility in Pune.
"DHL has been earmarked as the Logistics Service Provider for promoting a world class logistics experience to all supply chain channel partners," the spokesperson said.
Besides, Tata Motors has also been working to enhance customer engagement it its dealerships by upgrading over 150 showrooms to improve ambiance and show-room experience.
"We will continue to focus on our national presence and continue to look at our internal and partner audits to fine-tune our customer service strategy to offer more services, quick turnaround times and enriched overall experience," the spokesperson said.
The initiatives being undertaken by the company have started to bear fruit as its latest offering in the compact sedan segment Zest has taken third spot, overtaking the likes of Honda Amaze.
Honda Amaze sold 3,482 units in October while Tata Zest sold 3,524 units during the month.
"With the determination to bring products that offer great vehicle experiences, the quality process is now integrated in our system from early design stages right up to the final product," the spokesperson said.
In the latest JD Power's Customer Satisfaction Index, the company has moved from 6th to the 4th rank.
In the April-October period the company's passenger vehicle sales had declined by 32.32 per cent to 86,802 units from 1,28,263 nits in the same period previous period last fiscal.

40 pilots quit SpiceJet; auditors doubt viab...Air India
(The airline auditors in…)
MUMBAI: Apprehending an uncertain future for the company, some 40-odd SpiceJet pilots including commanders have quit the airline during the past six months, say sources.
The airline auditors in their recent report have cast doubts over the ability of media baron Kalanithi Maran's budget carrier to run it as a "going concern".
The airline has reported 5th straight quarter of net losses for the July-September period, at Rs 310 crore, although it is down from the year-ago period when it had a net loss of Rs 559 crore.
The losses came down as the airline witnessed a 15 per cent growth in total revenue. For the past fiscal, the airline had reported a record loss of a little over Rs 1,000 crore.
"The airline is losing its flight crew at a regular interval. In the last six months alone as many as 40 pilots have quit the airline, citing uncertain future," an industry source told PTI.
The pilots who have parted ways with SpiceJet include the commanders, he said adding that those who resigned did not want to take a chance, particularly after the grounding of the Kingfisher Airlines .
According to the source, the quitting of these pilots have also impacted the airline's operations significantly with its flights either delayed or at times having repeated cancellations. The airline had last week said its had reduced its fleet by 10 planes from 48 to 38 over the past few months.
Repeated phone calls and a text message sent to SpiceJet spokesperson remained unanswered.
For September, the airline's on-time performance stood at 81.9 per cent, and was only second to the national carrier Air India , which clocked a poor 75.2 per cent.
The Gurgaon-based no-frills carrier, which has failed to secure required funds to overcome the cash-crunch, has been going in for advance discounted sales to mop up working capital from time-to-time, starting this January.
Meanwhile, the airline's auditors SR Batliboi & Associated have red flagged its concerns saying, "as of September 30, 2014, the company's total liabilities exceed its total assets by Rs 1,459.7 crore. These conditions indicate the existence of a material uncertainty that may cast significant doubt about the company's ability to continue as a going concern."
The auditors point out that the loss would have been higher but for non-provision of Rs 7.5 crore for interest. Including this, the net loss for the September quarter would have been higher by a similar amount.
But SpiceJet has claimed that its market stimulation has worked as its topline grew 15 per cent year-over-year in Q2, ahead of capacity increase of 7 per cent.
"SpiceJet's market stimulation efforts have had a positive impact on the travel industry as a whole by helping increase demand to fill seats that would otherwise go empty. This has benefitted not just the airline through incremental revenue, but also customers who are getting much more affordable fares if they are willing to book early," the airline said.
Repeated discounts launched by Spicejet have led to a 28 per cent growth in domestic passenger traffic in September, traditionally the weakest traffic month of the year, the airline claimed.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Spooky worship: People write to Delhi forts jinns for wishes!Djinns live in the heart of Delhi: they are spirits tending to the faithful seeking help. On Thursdays, they are busy when thousands turn up with letters for them.
  
Play Pause
Built by Sultan Feroz Shah Tughlaq in the fourteenth century, the ruins of the fort today rest nestled between a cricket stadium and Delhi’s Ring Road. (Abhishek Saha/HT Photo)
Every Thursday, a huge crowd visits the Feroz Shah Kotla ruins to pay their obeisance to the djinns—they pray, light candles and diyas, and write letters. (Abhishek Saha/HT Photo)
In the background of the diyas, there lies a letter to the djinns.  (Abhishek Saha/HT Photo)
A man kneels down and prays to the djinns. (Abhishek Saha/HT Photo)
A djinn-worship session under away at the Kotla.  (Abhishek Saha/HT Photo)
The ‘Minar-e-Zarreen’, a 13.1 metres high polished sandstone pillar originally erected by Emperor Ashoka in Ambala, Haryana in the third century BC, was centuries later lifted to Kotla on the ...
Popular belief goes that Laat (pillar) waale Baba, the chief of the Kotla djinns, dwells in the Minar-e-Zarreen. People crane themselves putting a hand through the railing, because they believe ...
Letters written to Laat waale Baba are left tied to the railing protecting the more than 2000-year old pillar. (Abhishek Saha/HT Photo)
Another ritual that associated with djinn worshiping in Feroz Shah Kotla is the sticking of coins on the ancient walls. (Abhishek Saha/HT Photo)
Anthropologist Anand Vivek Taneja wrote in a recent article that djinn worship in Kotla is socio-politically important for Muslims.(Abhishek Saha/HT Photo)
Welcome to the ruins of Feroz Shah Kotla fort: it was built by Sultan Feroz Shah Tughlaq in the fourteenth century and now nestles between a cricket stadium and Delhi's Ring Road. In the niches and alcoves of its stone walls, believers pray, light candles and diyas, and write letters to djinns, supernatural creatures of Islamic mythology made of fire rather than clay as humans are.
On a Thursday morning, Noorjahan, a mother of five young children, came to Kotla with photocopies of a letter in her hand. She had written to djinns: about how she and her children kept ill. Her house had been sold off and her children didn't study. She went around Kotla, sticking photos of her children and the photocopies at different spots and praying to the djinns.
Noorjahan's djinn-worship may remind you of dargahs, but in Kotla the venerated are djinns and not sufi saints or dervishes. Anthropologist Anand Vivek Taneja, an assistant professor of religious studies and anthropology at Vanderbilt University in Nashville, Tennessee, links djinn worship to modern Indian history.
The ‘Minar-e-Zarreen’, a 13.1 metres high polished sandstone pillar originally erected by Emperor Ashoka in Ambala, Haryana in the third century BC, was centuries later lifted to Kotla on the orders of Sultan Feroz Shah Tughlaq. (Abhishek Saha/HT Photo)
"It was only in 1977, a few months after the end of the Emergency, that we have the first record of people starting to come to Firoz Shah Kotla in large numbers. This seems significant, given how destructive the Emergency was for the Old City and how many poor and working class people were displaced from the Old City to resettlement colonies across the river," Taneja wrote in an article .
 According to Taneja's research, the practice of writing to the djinns in Kotla started with renewed vigour in the late 1970s when a fakir named Laddoo Shah came and started living in the ruins.
"Anyone can come here for help-there is no preferential treatment, all are equal. People come with all sorts of difficulties and write to the djinns about them. They attach photocopies of the same letters, so that the djinn under whose jurisdiction the particular case falls, can take it up," says Mohammed Harun, a resident of Old Delhi.
"Remember, the government of the djinns, is quite like ours. That's why you have to make sure that the correct department gets your application, and hence the photocopies," he says.
Every Thursday, a huge crowd visits the Feroz Shah Kotla ruins to pay their obeisance to the djinns—they pray, light candles and diyas, and write letters. (Abhishek Saha/HT Photo)
Near the Jami Masjid, a mosque inside Kotla, there is a pyramid-like structure on which stands the Minar-e-Zarreen, a 13.1-metre, highly polished sandstone pillar. It was originally erected by Emperor Ashoka in Ambala in the third century BC and centuries later lifted to Kotla on the orders of Tughlaq.
Popular belief goes that Laat (pillar) Waale Baba, the chief of the Kotla djinns, dwells in the Minar-e-Zarreen. Letters written to him are left tied to the railing protecting the pillar. People crane themselves putting a hand through the railing, because they believe that a wish asked for while touching the pillar will be granted.
Nirmal Pandey, a security guard at the Feroz Shah Kotla ruins for six years, says people's faith in the djinns amazes him. He recollects the Muslim family from Jaipur he met at the ruins last year for four Thursdays.
Letters written to Laat waale Baba are left tied to the railing protecting the more than 2000-year old pillar. (Abhishek Saha/HT Photo)
 When Pandey asked the family what brought them every week to Kotla, they said their failing business had recovered and their daughter found a groom after writing letters to the Laat Waale Baba. In return of such grace, they visited the ruins on Thursdays to complete seven cycles of djinn-worshipping.
Taneja, who completed his PhD from Columbia University last year with a dissertation on Nature, History, and the Sacred in the Medieval Ruins of Delhi, says djinn worship in the Kotla ruins is socio-politically important for Indian Muslims."The theological novelty of djinns emerging as venerated saints in contemporary Delhi cannot be understood without also paying attention to the ways in which the state, haunted by the violence of Partition, continues to erase and deaden Muslim landscapes of memory," he wrote in an article.
Kamar Ahmed would agree. The 60-year-old resident of Shahdara in northeast Delhi comes to Kotla often for quiet afternoons. He has never written to djinns but understands why people have faith in them. "I believe that whenever a section of people are in continued trouble they formulate something or the other to find a way out, and one such thing is this practice of worshipping djinns," he says.

IS claims beheading of US aid worker Kassig in videoprint
This handout photo released by the Kassig family shows Peter Kassig in front of a truck somewhere along the Syrian border between late 2012 and autumn 2013. (AFP Photo)
Peter Kassig, an American aid worker jihadists claim to have killed, had a "calling" to help Syrians suffering due to the devastating civil war in their country.
The 26-year-old former soldier disappeared on October 1, 2013 and was being held by the Islamic State group, which released a video Sunday claiming Kassig's execution and showing a masked militant standing over a severed head.
Kassig had been in the region since March 2012, when he traveled to Lebanon on a break from university, his family wrote on a Facebook page dedicated to raising awareness about his plight.
After witnessing the plight of those displaced by the war in neighboring Syria, he emailed a letter to family and friends telling them he was not coming home yet.
"I have tried to live my life in a way that displays what it is that I believe, but the truth is, much of my life I have only been searching for my calling, I had not yet found it," he wrote.
"Here, in this land, I have found my calling."
The young American, who was also trained as an emergency medical technician, went to Turkey and founded an aid group, his father, Ed Kassig, said in a video last month.
"He helped train 150 civilians in skills needed to provide medical aid to the people of Syria. His organization gave food, cooking supplies, clothing and medicine to those in need," Ed Kassig said as he pleaded for his son's release.
Desolation and hope
In an email to a friend in 2012, also posted on the Facebook page, Kassig wrote about the desolation of war and his hope for the future.
"How will I tell you of the walls riddled with bullets and the flowers that grow over them?" he wrote.
"War never ends, it just moves around... Loss and destruction in this land brings about only survival; the determination to press on and rebuild," he added.
"I can't be sure but I think I'm starting believe that as beautiful as it is to finish building a house, its a better feeling laying the first brick again after its been torn down..."
In a quotation on the Facebook page, he admits he at times wished for something different. The quote is attached as a caption to a photo showing Kassig brandishing a blood-clotting agent he obtained to help treat wounded in Syria.
"The truth is sometimes I really think I would like to do something else, but at the end of the day, this work is really the only thing that I have found that gives my life both meaning and direction."
Kassig, who converted to Islam during his captivity and took the Muslim name Abdel Rahman, said in a letter smuggled to his family his faith was intact.
"In terms of my faith, I pray every day, and I am not angry about my situation in that sense. I am in a dogmatically complicated situation here, but I am at peace with my belief."
'Scared to die'
In an October 3 video showing British aid worker Alan Henning's beheading, the threat was made that Kassig would be next.
IS has justified killing Western hostages as retaliation for US-led air strikes on the group over swathes of territory it has seized in Iraq and Syria.
In the letter received by his family in June, Kassig wrote that he was "scared to die".
"But the hardest part is not knowing, wondering, hoping and wondering if I should even hope at all. I am very sad all this has happened and for what all of you back home are going through.
"If I do die, I figure that at least you and I can seek refuge and comfort in knowing that I went out as a result of trying to alleviate suffering and helping those in need."

Indian Firms Mop Up Rs 8 200 Cr via Primary Market in H1You are here: Home Market
Companies Mop Up Rs 8,200 Crore via Primary Market in Fiscal First Half
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 15, 2014 17:36 (IST)
Infosys Founders Seeking $1.1 Billion via Stake Sale: Report
New Delhi: Indian companies have raised more than Rs 8,200 crore via primary market in the first half of the ongoing fiscal year (2014-15), mainly for expansion plans and to support working capital requirements.
They mopped up a total of Rs 8,244 crore during April-September 2014, lower than Rs 8,987 crore mobilised in the year-ago period, according to latest data available with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi).
In the primary market, funds were raised through equity (IPOs and rights issue) as well as debt segments.
Despite a rally in the stock market, most of the funds were garnered through debt route. The BSE benchmark Sensex surged 19 per cent during the period under review.
Most of the capital was raised for expanding business and support working capital requirements.
Twenty Five initial public offerings (IPOs) together raked in Rs 1,031 crore, while companies mopped-up Rs 2,795 crore through 10 rights issues, data showed.
Besides, a total of Rs 4,418 crore was garnered through the debt route.
In a rights issue, shares are issued to existing investors as per their holding at pre-determined price and ratio.
In financial year 2012-13, companies had raked in Rs 32,455 crore via the primary market, the lowest since 2008-09 when they had garnered Rs 16,220 crore.
Story first published on: November 15, 2014 17:15 (IST)

Mutual fund exposure to software stocks hits record-high in OctoberThe mutual fund industry is betting big on software companies as its equity exposure to the sector climbed to a fresh all-time high of about Rs 33,000 crore at the end of October.
This also marks the fifth consecutive rise in mutual fund (MF) industry’s exposure to software stocks.
Mutual fund is an investment vehicle that is made up of a pool of funds collected from many investors for the purpose of investing in securities such as stocks, bonds, money market instruments and similar assets.
The funds’ investment in software stocks stood at Rs 32,838 crore as on October 31, 2014, accounting for 10.43 per cent of their total equity assets under management (AUM) of Rs 3.15 lakh crore, according to data available with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi).
At current levels, the MF industry has the highest exposure to software sector since August 2009. Data is not available for sector-wise exposure before August 2009, when the equity funds had deployed Rs 11,913 crore (6.71 per cent) in software shares.
The previous high was in September this year when investment in the sector rose to Rs 31,834 crore.
“Software services as a sector has not participated as much in the recent rally as some of the other sectors have,” said Raghavendra Nath, Managing Director at Ladderup Wealth Management Pvt Ltd.
“Software services remain the backbone of Indian exports. With the growth in US becoming robust, the offtake of these services would likely increase in future. Therefore the sector is likely to remain in good health,” he added.
This year has seen a consistent growth in investment in software stocks by equity fund managers with fund infusion growing from Rs 27,772 crore in January to Rs 32,838 crore in October.
Besides, mutual fund managers raised their exposure in bank stocks to a record high of nearly Rs 63,000 crore in October this year, which is the highest among all the sectors.
Among others, MFs have an exposure of Rs 21,845 crore in pharma space, followed by auto (Rs 20,282 crore) and finance (Rs 17,843 crore).
TAGS: Mutual Fund
More from indianmarkets

Top 7 companies add Rs 36 840.41 cr in market valuation; ITC shinesONGC: Subsidy sharing clarity on cards?
Seven of the top 10 Sensex companies added a total Rs 36,840.41 crore to their market valuation last week which saw the indices touching life time highs on continued FII inflows.
FMCG giant ITC was the biggest gainer among top 10 companies with an addition of Rs 10,015.78 crore to its market capitalisation that stood at Rs 2,93,849.29 crore at close on Friday last.
Coal India’s market valuation moved up by Rs 7,453.31 crore to Rs 2,25,178.39 crore, while HDFC Bank added Rs 7,317.36 crore to Rs 2,24,423.20 crore.
The m-cap of TCS jumped Rs 6,365.86 crore to Rs 5,10,444.51 crore, while that of SBI moved up by Rs 3,441.7 crore to Rs 2,08,178.17 crore.
Similarly, Infosys’ value rose by Rs 1,128.37 crore to Rs 2,40,510.20 crore and that of ICICI Bank advanced by Rs 1,118.03 crore to Rs 1,96,211.65 crore.
Encouraging macro data and FII inflows helped Sensex capture the milestone of 28K-level and Nifty to hit fresh record highs during the week. The BSE benchmark Sensex gained 178.03 points last week.
On the other hand, ONGC, RIL and Sun Pharma witnessed a decline in their market valuations.
ONGC was the biggest loser with its m-cap declining by Rs 13,603.23 crore to Rs 3,36,530.20 crore.
RIL lost Rs 3,800.9 crore in its valuation to Rs 3,13,501.28 crore and Sun Pharma shed Rs 1,066.62 crore to Rs 1,83,603.38 crore.
The ranking of top-10 firms remained intact as previous week, with TCS retaining its numero-uno position followed by ONGC, RIL, ITC, Infosys, CIL, HDFC Bank, SBI, ICICI Bank and Sun Pharma.
TAGS: BSE Sensex NSE Nifty
More from indianmarkets

NSE pushed to 2nd spot in trade volumes; Nasdaq No 1ONGC: Subsidy sharing clarity on cards?
US-based Nasdaq OMX has emerged as the largest bourse in the world in terms of total number of equity trades so far in 2014, followed by India’s National Stock Exchange (NSE) at the second spot.
In the same period last year (January-October of 2013), NSE was on the top, as per an analysis of data compiled by the World Federation of Exchanges (WFE).
The equity trade volumes on Nasdaq OMX stood at 144.2 crore, making it the top exchange among 52 global peers for the period January-October, 2014.
NSE which logged in 141.74 crore equity trade volumes comes a close.
In the January-October period of 2013, Nasdaq was at the fifth place, after NSE, Shenzhen SE, NYSE and Shanghai SE in the first four places.
For this year, Nasdaq and NSE are followed by Shenzhen SE, NYSE and Shanghai SE among the top five.
Another major Indian bourse, BSE recorded 32.39 crore equity trades in the period under review, maintaining it place as the eight largest exchange in the world for this category.
The number of listed companies is much larger at BSE, but it lags behind NSE in terms of value and volume of trades.
While equity trades on Nasdaq have jumped 51 per cent year-on-year, the volumes on NSE surged by 16 per cent.
China’s Shenzhen SE recorded about 128.4 crore equity volumes followed closely by NYSE with 128.25 crore trades.
Others among the top-ten included Korea Exchange (6th), Japan Exchange Group – Tokyo (7th), TMX Group (9th) and BM&FBOVESPA (10th).
As per WFE’s data, the total number of equity trades globally rose by nearly 18 per cent to little over 1,000 crore.
Individually, Asia-Pacific region logged in a total of 616.76 crore equity trades, more than 554.73 crore trades in January-October 2013.
Meanwhile, the two other regions — Americas and Europe-Africa-Middle East (EAME)– saw 316.37 crore and 67.14 crore trades respectively — much higher than volumes witnessed in the period year ago.
TAGS: Nasdaq National Stock Exchange
More from indianmarkets

PM Modi unveils Gandhis statue in Australia; says hes stillrelevantPrint
Prime Minister Narendra Modi unveiling the statue of Mahatma Gandhi at Roma Street Parklands in Brisbane, Australia on Sunday. (PTI Photo)
By: Press Trust of India | Brisbane | Posted: November 16, 2014 2:35 pm | Updated: November 16, 2014 5:55 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi was accorded a red carpet welcome here today as he kicked off his first bilateral visit to Australia, unveiling a bronze statue of Mahatma Gandhi with the message that he is as relevant now as he was during his time.
Modi, who is the first Indian prime Minister to visit Australia in 28 years after Rajiv Gandhi, exhorted the global community to take a cue from Gandhi’s teachings of violence and love in meeting challenges like terrorism and global warming.
“I firmly believe that Mahatma Gandhi is as relevant today as he was during his time,” Modi said while unveiling a bronze 2.5-metre long statue of Gandhi at Roma Street Parkland in this city in Australia’s southeastern state of Queensland.
Narendra Modi poses for a photo with Indian Community people after unveiling the statue of Mahatma Gandhi at Roma Street Parklands in Brisbane, Australia on Sunday. (PTI Photo)
“On October 2 (1869), a person was not born in Porbandar but an era was born,” said Modi, amid applause from the Indian diaspora gathered, Governor of Queensland Paul de Jersey and Brisbane mayor Graham Quirk.
“The world is grappling with two major challenges -terrorism and global warming -and these problems were causing anxiety,” he said, noting that at the G20 Summit leaders spent a considerable time discussing these issues.
“If we look at Gandhi’s life and his teachings, then we will be able to find solutions to the problems that the world faces today,” he said.
“Gandhi believed not only in one’s acts but in words also one should be non-violent. He believed that we should not hurt anyone verbally, leave aside using arms,” Modi said.
“Had the world internalised Gandhi’s teachings of Ahimsa, the holier-than-thou using more and more force then I think, we could have solved many of the problems,” Modi said, pointing out that ‘Respect for everyone, equality for all’ is the only way forward for the world.
PM Narendra Modi addresses the gathering before unveiling the statue of Mahatma Gandhi at Roma Street Parklands in Brisbane, Australia on Sunday. (PTI Photo)
“Today, there are entities using more and more weapons and innocent lives are being lost, this could have been avoided and we could have saved the world from its fallout.”
Ahimsa or non-violence was not merely a continued…

Parrikar to hold meeting of defence topbrassPrint
Union Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar files nomination papers for Rajya Sabha in Vidhan Sabha as Union Minister of State Rajiv Pratap Rudy looks on, in Lucknow on Monday. (Source: IE photo by Vishal Srivastav)
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 16, 2014 2:20 pm | Updated: November 17, 2014 1:16 pm
To fast track the acquisition and up gradation process in the armed forces, Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar will hold a series of meetings with top brass of the three Services and his ministry here tomorrow.
Parrikar, who took over the reigns last week, had held the first round of meeting in which he had directed the Army, the Navy and the Air Force to prioritise their demands.
The Defence Minister had made it clear that the acquisition process under him would not only be transparent, but also fast.
There was a perception that the defence acquisition under the previous UPA government was slow. Many of the critical projects initiated under the previous regime were still in negotiation stages.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, who was holding the additional charge of defence, had undertaken a series of swift decisions and cleared projects and purchases worth about Rs 1.2 lakh crore.
Defence Ministry sources said key projects would come up in the agenda of the meeting of Defence Acquisition Council (DAC), to be held later this month.
Though date for the DAC meeting is yet to be finalised, this would be the first DAC that Parrikar would be chairing.
The DAC was set up in 2001 as part of the post-Kargil reforms in defence sector.
The council approves the long-term integrated perspective plan for the forces, accords acceptance of necessity (AON) to begin acquisition proposals, and has to grant its approval to all major deals through all their important phases.
It also has the power to approve any deviations in an acquisition, and recommends all big purchases for approval of the Cabinet committee on security.

40 pilots quit SpiceJet; auditors doubt Kalanithi Maran led airline s viabilityAir India
(The airline auditors in…)
MUMBAI: Apprehending an uncertain future for the company, some 40-odd SpiceJet pilots including commanders have quit the airline during the past six months, say sources.
The airline auditors in their recent report have cast doubts over the ability of media baron Kalanithi Maran's budget carrier to run it as a "going concern".
The airline has reported 5th straight quarter of net losses for the July-September period, at Rs 310 crore, although it is down from the year-ago period when it had a net loss of Rs 559 crore.
The losses came down as the airline witnessed a 15 per cent growth in total revenue. For the past fiscal, the airline had reported a record loss of a little over Rs 1,000 crore.
"The airline is losing its flight crew at a regular interval. In the last six months alone as many as 40 pilots have quit the airline, citing uncertain future," an industry source told PTI.
The pilots who have parted ways with SpiceJet include the commanders, he said adding that those who resigned did not want to take a chance, particularly after the grounding of the Kingfisher Airlines .
According to the source, the quitting of these pilots have also impacted the airline's operations significantly with its flights either delayed or at times having repeated cancellations. The airline had last week said its had reduced its fleet by 10 planes from 48 to 38 over the past few months.
Repeated phone calls and a text message sent to SpiceJet spokesperson remained unanswered.
For September, the airline's on-time performance stood at 81.9 per cent, and was only second to the national carrier Air India , which clocked a poor 75.2 per cent.
The Gurgaon-based no-frills carrier, which has failed to secure required funds to overcome the cash-crunch, has been going in for advance discounted sales to mop up working capital from time-to-time, starting this January.
Meanwhile, the airline's auditors SR Batliboi & Associated have red flagged its concerns saying, "as of September 30, 2014, the company's total liabilities exceed its total assets by Rs 1,459.7 crore. These conditions indicate the existence of a material uncertainty that may cast significant doubt about the company's ability to continue as a going concern."
The auditors point out that the loss would have been higher but for non-provision of Rs 7.5 crore for interest. Including this, the net loss for the September quarter would have been higher by a similar amount.
But SpiceJet has claimed that its market stimulation has worked as its topline grew 15 per cent year-over-year in Q2, ahead of capacity increase of 7 per cent.
"SpiceJet's market stimulation efforts have had a positive impact on the travel industry as a whole by helping increase demand to fill seats that would otherwise go empty. This has benefitted not just the airline through incremental revenue, but also customers who are getting much more affordable fares if they are willing to book early," the airline said.
Repeated discounts launched by Spicejet have led to a 28 per cent growth in domestic passenger traffic in September, traditionally the weakest traffic month of the year, the airline claimed.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Vodafone Withdraws Plea Against Telecom Department from High CourtYou are here: Home Corporates
Vodafone Withdraws Plea Against Telecom Department from High Court
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 14, 2014 20:36 (IST)
SBI to Take Final Call on $1 Billion Loan to Adani in 3 Months
Vodafone today withdrew from the Delhi High Court its plea alleging the Centre is indulging in "arm-twisting" and "coercive" tactics by refusing to sign its unified licence (UL) till the telecom major unconditionally accepts the "restrictive" clauses in the licence.
The petition was withdrawn after a bench of justices Badar Durrez Ahmed and Siddharth Mridul agreed with the Centre that as per Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI) Act there was an alternative remedy available before the Telecom Disputes Settlement and Appellate Tribunal (TDSAT).
"Writ petition is dismissed as withdrawn," the court said and gave liberty to Vodafone to approach TDSAT. During the brief arguments, Additional Solicitor General Sanjay Jain, appearing for Department of Telecommunications (DoT), said that as per TRAI Act, Vodafone is a licensee and thus should have moved TDSAT.
Vodafone had contended in its plea that DoT instead of signing and executing the ULs had at the last moment informed them that their request for deletion of "restrictive" clauses in licence pertaining to roaming cannot be accepted.
Vodafone had submitted that the clauses in the UL take away the rights already granted to it and upheld by TDSAT on April 29, 2014.
TDSAT had on April 29 overturned a government ban on offering 3G mobile services beyond their licensed zones through roaming pacts saying it was in national interest to allow better utilisation of scarce radio frequency.
The telecom major had sought orders declaring the "restrictive clauses" as illegal and their deletion from UL. The telecom company had accused DoT of "adopting coercive steps" saying "if UL is not signed in a timely manner, then the existing 22 million subscribers in three service areas -
Mumbai, Delhi and Kolkata - of the petitioners, being provided services under existing unified access service licence (UASL), will face disruption of services after November 29, 2014."
Vodafone's UASL for these service areas is set to expire on November 29.
 
Story first published on: November 14, 2014 20:35 (IST)

India Didn t Give Concession to Win US Backing on WTO Deal: MinisterIndia Surprised This Year, May Do So Again in 2015: Citigroup
India has not given any concessions to win America's backing on its stand for the World Trade Organization (WTO) deal, Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman told NDTV on Friday. India and the US on Thursday announced a breakthrough in the WTO talks, paving the way for the signing of the trade facilitation agreement that has the potential of boosting global trade by $1 trillion and adding 20 million new jobs.
India and the US have agreed to an indefinite "peace clause" on food security. It means that India can continue to provide food subsidies to its poor beyond four years. ( Read more )
India wanted to keep the "peace clause", which protects its huge state food purchases, until the World Trade Organization strikes a definitive deal on food stockpiling. As originally envisaged in Bali accord, the clause would expire in four years.
Ms Sitharaman said, "Our fear is, if working out a permanent solution cannot happen before 2017, we will be dragged into several litigations." ( Watch )
The minister said India was never against trade facilitation but had to stick to its ground on food security for the interest of its poor and farmers.
India has worked hard since July to convince the US and other nations on its stand over food security, she said.
"We had to do a lot of explaining. We really had to tell that our intentions were not to bypass or undermine the Bali agreement," Ms Sitharaman added.
Story first published on: November 14, 2014 18:08 (IST)

India Counts HDFC Stake in HDFC Bank as Foreign: ReportSBI to Take Final Call on $1 Billion Loan to Adani in 3 Months
Mumbai: The Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB) has approved raising the foreign holding limit in second-biggest private sector lender HDFC Bank Ltd but counts its parent's holding as foreign, a newspaper reported on Saturday.
Counting the 22.50 per cent stake owned by mortgage lender Housing Development Finance Corp and two of its units in HDFC Bank would limit capacity for any further foreign fund raising by the bank, the report said, citing an unidentified government official.
An HDFC Bank spokesman was not immediately available for comment.
HDFC Bank said it May it has plans to raise as much as Rs 10,000 crore by selling shares.
HDFC Ltd is an Indian mortgage lender but is 77.85 per cent owned by foreigners, according to stock exchange data.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Prime Minister Narendra Modi arrives for G20 SummitUpdated: November 15, 2014 18:04 IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi arrives for G20 Summit
ANI
economy, business and finance
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has arrived at the venue of the G20 Summit meeting where he will be seen joining ranks with leaders from 20 nations around the world in Brisbane on Saturday.
Earlier on Saturday, U.S. President Barrack Obama and his Russian counterpart Vladamir Putin arrived in Brisbane for the summit. On Friday, Mr. Modi attended a dinner hosted by Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on the margins of the G20 Summit. Besides, he also met E.U. President Herman Van Rompuy and U.K. Prime Minister David Cameron. Mr. Modi had also paid a visit at Queensland University of Technology.
After attending the G20 Summit in Brisbane, Mr. Modi is scheduled to travel to Sydney, where he will attend a community reception and address the Indian Diaspora.
The Prime Minister will then travel to Canberra and address the special joint sitting of the Australian Parliament on November 18. He is also to address a community event in Melbourne before travelling to Fiji.

ONGC Posts 10% Fall in Q2 Net  to Invest $1.7 Billion in Domestic OffshoreYou are here: Home Corporates
ONGC Posts 10% Fall in Q2 Net, to Invest $1.7 Billion in Domestic Offshore
Reuters | Updated On: November 14, 2014 20:00 (IST)
SBI to Take Final Call on $1 Billion Loan to Adani in 3 Months
Mumbai: Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC) on Friday posted a 10 per cent fall in quarterly profit, its first drop after four quarters of growth, as lower crude prices hurt profitability from both onshore and offshore blocks.
Separately, the company said its board had approved investments of over Rs 10,600 crore ($1.71 billion) to boost production from two western offshore formations.
The country's biggest oil and gas explorer has struggled to lift production from its ageing domestic fields and is aggressively investing overseas to secure energy assets for Asia's third-largest economy.
The state-owned company posted a profit of Rs 5,445 crore in the three months to September 30, its fiscal second quarter, down from Rs 6,064 crore a year earlier.
Net sales fell 8.7 per cent to Rs 20,361 crore.
Analysts on average expected ONGC to post net profit of Rs 5432 crore, according to Thomson Reuters data.
A higher burden from subsidised sales of products to state refiners to keep retail prices in check has squeezed ONGC's margins even as it spends heavily to boost overseas assets and maintain output at its domestic fields.
The company's cost of helping subsidise fuel fell slightly to Rs 13,641 crore from Rs 13,796 crore in the same quarter last year.
The company, in which the Indian government plans to sell a 5 per cent stake worth close to $3 billion, is expected to benefit from government reforms to free diesel prices and raise natural gas prices.
Shares in the company, which has a market value of almost $54 billion, closed 2 per cent higher ahead of the results on Friday in a broader Mumbai market that was up 0.38 per cent.
($1 = 61.8250 rupee)

Wall St Week Ahead: Restaurants  Uptick Offers Hope for Consumer DiscretionaryInfosys Founders Seeking $1.1 Billion via Stake Sale: Report
New York: An improving US economy has failed to galvanise the consumer discretionary sector so far this year, but a recent rally in restaurant stocks as the holidays approach could herald happier days ahead for other retailers.
The S&P 500 consumer discretionary sector index is up about 3 per cent for the year, with only the S&P energy index performing worse.
One recent ray of sunshine, however, has been the performance of restaurant stocks. The Dow Jones US Restaurants & Bars Index has risen about 4 per cent since the beginning of September. The S&P 500 consumer discretionary sector index is up less than 1 per cent for the period.
Usually, restaurant stocks correlate well with other retailers, but at the moment consumers are showing preference for dining out over buying apparel, said Oscar Sloterbeck, senior managing director at Evercore ISI.
Shares in Buffalo Wild Wings Inc, Domino's Pizza Inc, Darden Restaurants Inc and Cracker Barrel Old Country Store Inc have all risen sharply since the beginning of September.
A broadening job recovery and lower gas prices are encouraging middle-income consumers to dine out again.
"The quickest path to the consumer might be through their belly," said Michael Arone, chief investment strategist at State Street Global Advisors in Boston. Other discretionary stocks will also see an effect, but with a lag, he said.
While the better performance at restaurants may have more to do with an increased check size for the average diner, there is a growing belief that consumer discretionary companies will see more spending thanks to lower energy prices.
The average price of a regular gallon of gasoline is $2.914, down from $3.186 a month ago, in the longest sustained decline for prices since 2008, according to AAA.
This is likely to boost consumer discretionary in the next couple of months, said Charles Sizemore, chief investment officer at Sizemore Capital Management.
Retailers reported strong sales in October in an encouraging sign for the sector, Friday data showed.
Traders in the options market, however, do not seem to be expecting fireworks from the retail sector this holiday season.
The 30-day implied volatility, a gauge of the risk of large moves in a stock, for the SPDR S&P retail fund was at 16 per cent on Friday and in the 16th percentile of its 52-week range, Livevol Inc data shows.
"With overall volatility low, if consumer spending through the holiday season turns out to be better-than-forecast that would be a big win for anyone making that bet in the option market," said Ophir Gottlieb, chief executive of Los Angeles-based Capital Market Laboratories.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014
Story first published on: November 15, 2014 18:35 (IST)

Russian TV claims it has photo of downing of MH17The site of the crash in Ukraine. (Source: AP)
By: Associated Press | Moscow | Posted: November 15, 2014 11:22 pm
Russian state television has released a satellite photograph that it claims shows that a Ukrainian fighter jet shot down Malaysia Airlines Flight 17. However, commentators have dismissed the photo as a fake.
All 298 people aboard the Boeing 777 were killed when it was shot down July 17 over a rebel-held area of Ukraine. Ukraine and the West have blamed the attack on Russia-backed rebels.
The photo released yesterday by Russia’s Channel One and Rossiya TV stations purportedly shows a Ukrainian fighter plane firing an air-to-air missile in the direction of the MH17.
The channels said they received the photo in an email. Several bloggers said the photograph is a forgery, citing a cloud pattern to prove the photo dates back to 2012 and several other details that seem incongruous.

Forced to have sex by jail authorities  allege Bangalore jail inmates in lettersForced to have sex by Bangalore jail authorities?
Sudipto Mondal , Hindustan Times  Bengaluru, November 15, 2014
First Published: 23:29 IST(15/11/2014) | Last Updated: 17:13 IST(16/11/2014)
Comments
The infamous Parappa Agrahara Central Jail has hit a new low with two shocking anonymous complaint letters surfacing in the women’s section of the jail, alleging that female inmates are forced into sex by jail authorities.
The letters are part of a dossier, full of shocking revelations, submitted to the Karnataka high court by a judicial officer who was investigating irregularities in the prison.
The two letters, written in barely legible Kannada by women inmates, allege that they are forced to have sex with male inmates who pay the jail authorities between Rs. 300 and Rs. 500 for the ‘service’.
Addressed to the chief justice of Karnataka, the letters paint a dystopic picture of life in the jail. The inmates have to pay bribes to meet their visiting relatives.
The investigation also pointed that although 24 convicts jumped parole since June, jail authorities had not brought this to the notice of the courts or lodged a complaint with the police.
Allegations have often surfaced that high-profile prisoners are given special facilities but they are never followed up. However, according to the enquiry, there is a well oiled rent collection system in the prison. Inmates are charged an advance of Rs. 20,000 and pay a monthly rent of Rs. 10,000 for special cells, the report submitted to the HC says.
VS Raja, additional inspector general of prisons, dismissed the allegations saying the prison was covered by CCTV cameras and it was a conspiracy to defame the prison authorities by rival officers.
The jail has housed many high profile inmates, including former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa, mining baron G Janardhan Reddy and recently, former Tamil Nadu CM J Jayalalithaa.

AAP promises 20 new colleges  Wi-Fi across DelhiComments
An educational degree, jobs and internet is what the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) promised to the youth of the city if it is voted to power again.
AAP convener Arvind Kejriwal addresses supporters at the launch of party's Delhi Dialogue in New Delhi. (PTI Photo)
The first in a series of public outreach programmes, AAP’s Delhi Dialogue on Saturday at Jantar Mantar served as the ground for the party’s declaration of its five-point blueprint for Delhi youth. 
The five-point agenda announcement by the party came in front of a sea of supporters — young and old people, men and women.
The agenda lists affordable education, jobs, emphasis on sports and sporting facilities, free wifi and a fight against drugs as the party’s primary goals to empower youth.
“For the youth, the biggest problem is higher education. Close to 1.5 lakh students pass Class 12 in the city each year. Many of them don’t get admission in colleges. We will set up 20 colleges in the outskirts of Delhi. Wherever villagers are ready to provide land to us we will build new colleges. Along with conventional courses, these colleges will also focus on vocational education,” said the party’s chief ministerial candidate, Arvind Kejriwal.
The party has also promised scholarships, fee waivers and loans to students who have passed class 12 exams from Delhi and have got admission in a college in the city. The government will act as a guarantor for these loans.
To push job creation, AAP is also planning to set up incubation centres to encourage youth to become job creators instead of employees.
“Of the 29 industrial areas in Delhi, around 20 are lying empty because there is no water, power or roads to set up industries there. We have created a roadmap to create between 7 lakh and 10 lakh jobs in five years. In the Delhi government alone there are 55,000 vacancies and these are for posts such as teachers, doctors, nurses etc,” Kejriwal said.
According to rough estimates, more than 5,000 people attended Saturday’s event. The crowd was varied and had people from all walks of life. A large number of auto rickshaw drivers also came to show their support for the party.
The event was attended by a number of senior AAP leaders, including the likes of Yogendra Yadav, Meera Sanyal, Bhagwant Mann, Sanjay Singh and Gopal Rai. “The education model proposed by AAP is something that every government will follow in the coming two years,” claimed Yogendra Yadav. 
The event also saw the presence of National Skill Development Council chief operating officer Atul Bhatnagar, who attended Delhi Dialogue in his personal capacity. Mahesh Murthy, founder Seedfund, was also present and emphasized on the importance of the internet.
“Our new motto should be roti, kapda, makaan aur internet. The internet empowers people,” Murthy said.
According to AAP leaders, Delhi Dialogue will be an ongoing process. The next one is planned for the party’s foundation day, November 26 and will be on women issues.

Bank s deposit grows at 12.3% to Rs 81 lakh ...Bank's deposit grows at 12.3% to Rs 81 lakh crore in Q2 FY15
PTI Nov 16, 2014, 01.21PM IST
Tags:
bank credit
(The credit grew at 9.4 per…)
NEW DELHI: Bank deposits grew by 12.3 per cent to Rs 81.14 lakh crore in the second quarter of the current fiscal.
Bank deposits growth was 11.5 per cent (Rs 72.26 lakh crore) in the corresponding July-September quarter of 2013-14.
"Growth in aggregate deposits accelerated to 12.3 per cent in September 2014 from 11.5 per cent a year ago whereas gross bank credit decelerated to 9.5 per cent from 15.1 per cent during the year.
"This acceleration in aggregate deposits as well as deceleration in gross bank credit was broad based and observed across all population groups," RBI said in a data release on Quarterly Statistics on Deposits and Credit of Scheduled Commercial Banks: September 2014.
The credit grew at 9.4 per cent to Rs 61.57 lakh crore during the July-September quarter of 2014-15. The credit growth was 15.05 per cent (Rs 48.88 lakh crore) a year ago.
Public sector banks together accounted for 74 per cent share in aggregate deposits and 71.7 per cent share in gross bank credit, while private sector banks' share stood at 18.7 per cent and 20.5 per cent respectively at end-September 2014.
The credit-deposit (CD) ratio for all banks was 75.9 per cent as on end-September 2014, led by metropolitan branches.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Saradha probe suggests Rs 2 500 crore-scam just tip of icebergYou are here: Home > Collections > Sfio
Saradha probe suggests Rs 2,500 crore-scam just tip of iceberg
PTI Nov 16, 2014, 01.45PM IST
(Most of these firms have…)
NEW DELHI: As a multi-agency probe continues in Saradha scam, findings of one official investigation suggests that the group floated at least 279 companies to channelise money collected from gullible investors as part of a vast 'ponzi' network.
Most of these firms have been found to be 'inoperational' and were utilised for the sole purpose of multi-routing of funds to hide the money trail, while close to Rs 2,500 crore were raised by just four companies.
The probe, conducted by the Corporate Affairs Ministry's white-collar crime investigation agency SFIO, also found that these four companies collected 96 per cent money from small investors who deposited less than Rs 50,000 each. The money was mobilised through a vast network of nearly 3 lakh agents, sources said citing an over 500-page SFIO probe report.
The scam, wherein lakhs of investors in West Bengal and neighbouring states were lured into illegal money pooling activities, came to light early last year amid allegations that a section of Trinamool Congress leaders were involved.
Initially, it came out to be known as 'Saradha chit fund scam' although none of Saradha group entities were registered as 'chit funds'. However, it has become the first major case in India to officially get a 'ponzi' tag after submission of final probe report of the Serious Fraud Investigation Office (SFIO) to the government.
Like a typical ponzi scheme, Saradha was found to be paying returns to older investors from money collected from newer subscribers to its 'bonds and policies'.
Such activities came to be known as ponzi schemes after Charles Ponzi, who became notorious in the US in the 1920s for deploying this technique while promising 50 per cent return on investments in 45 days and 100 per cent within 90 days.
In its over 500-page probe report, SFIO also concluded that Kolkata-based Saradha group was into money market operations but camouflaged it as real estate activities.
"The intention to defraud is evident from the fact that funds mobilised were not productively utilised for generating surplus. Rather, funds were swindled away in acquiring loss making media companies for extraneous reasons and misappropriating the funds," SFIO said.
The probe agency has recommended action against Saradha group and its directors on accounts of more than 20 violations including falsification of accounts.
Observing that the West Bengal Police only made available "limited information", SFIO said that "detailed investigation could be made only in respect of the four fund raising companies Saradha Printing & Publication Pvt Ltd, Bengal Media Pvt Ltd and Global Automobiles Pvt Ltd".
According to SFIO, Saradha Group chief Sudipta Sen, who is currently in jail, was a director in 160 companies and his son Subhojit Sen in 64 companies.
SFIO, however, could not definitely establish the money trail for utilisation of funds, as most transactions took place in cash. The funds routed through banking channels were mostly used for acquisition of 'assets and other investments'.
The case took an interesting turn recently after suspended Trinamool Congress MP and another Saradha scam accused Kunal Ghosh allegedly tried to commit suicide in jail.
SFIO has recommended a CBI probe against top executives of Saradha group, a West Bengal minister and top police officers, among others, as also into payments made to football clubs and various well-known individuals, among others.
In the wake of huge public protests, Corporate Affairs Ministry had asked SFIO in April 2013 to probe the case.
The scam, wherein lakhs of investors in West Bengal and neighbouring states were lured into illegal money pooling activities, came to light early last year amid allegations that a section of Trinamool Congress leaders were involved.
In its voluminous report, SFIO said none of the Saradha group companies is registered as chit funds under the Chit Fund Act, 1982. The companies cheated the public at large by inducing them to deposit their money in "various unsustainable and camouflaged" schemes.
Noting that the Saradha group of companies were having meagre income from their declared business activities, SFIO said these entities were not in a position to repay money garnered from the public.
The funds were purportedly collected for real estate and, tour and travel businesses but investors were not provided land or tour and travel packages while refund was made to some investors from fresh deposits of new investors.
Four fund-collecting companies in the Saradha Group had a tree-like structure of marketing associates in 19 levels where the person mobilising the deposit got direct commission.
"The directors of the company knew from the very beginning that it would not be possible for the company to return the deposits on maturity as promised, because it had not viable business to generate such high returns," SFIO said.

Anti-Maoist ops: First women commandos team deployed in junglesComments
For the first time in thecountry's history, a special squad of women troops has been deployed deep inside jungles to undertake active and prolonged operations against Maoists.
With the induction of these CRPF commandos in their trademark camouflaged 'Khaki' uniform, India has become one of those few countries to deploy women personnel in live combat situations in one of the most violent and high threat theatres of conflict.
The country's largest paramilitary force CRPF, top sources said, recently has sent two small squads of its women commandos to fight the red ultras shoulder-to-shoulder with their male colleagues by not only living at the ground locations but also carrying out patrols.
While one contingent is undertaking operations in the worst Maoist-affected area of Bastar in Chhattisgarh, the other has been based at an undisclosed location in Jharkhand.
Sources privy to the development said the Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) deployed these two women contingents, of a 'platoon' (about 35 women in each) strength, after creating basic living facilities for them at its locations in these two Maoist violence affected states.
"This is for the first time that women have been deployed in active operations in a high-risk and sensitive area where contact with the enemy is regular and very dynamic. The squads were placed at two locations about a fortnight back and they have begun operating," a source said.
The exact location of these women squads is only known to a handful of commanders and personnel keeping in mind the early days of their induction, the sources said.
Officials say there are specific reasons and operational benefits for deploying these women personnel in LWE areas.
While they can interact with the local women folk which not only helps in gathering good intelligence, it also helps in bringing forces closer to the villagers. A similar model of has been found successful in West Bengal where the Maoist movement is at an all-time low.

Russia-West tensions soar as Putin quits G20 summitprint
Leaders meet at the first plenary session at the G20 summit in Brisbane, Australia Saturday. (AP Photo)
In a victory for India, the G20 on Sunday endorsed Prime Minister Narendra Modi's strong pitch for repatriation of black money at its summit, echoing the government's line on the need for transparency and disclosure of tax information.
Modi while voicing India's support for a new global standard on automatic exchange of tax information urged every jurisdiction, especially tax havens, to provide information for tax purposes in accordance with treaty obligations.
The new global standard will be instrumental in getting information relating to unaccounted money hoarded abroad and enable its eventual repatriation, Modi said, utilising the forum of G20, which accounts for 85 per cent of world's GDP.
The prime minister also noted that increased mobility of capital and technology have created new opportunities for avoiding tax and profit sharing.
The three-page communique was released at the end of the two-day summit of Group of 20 industrialised and leading emerging economies hosted by Australia.
Welcoming the "significant progress" on the G20/OECD Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (BEPS) Action Plan to modernise international tax rules, it said, "We are committed to finalising this work in 2015, including transparency of tax- payer specific rulings found to constitute harmful tax practices."
Briefing newsmen, railways minister Suresh Prabhu and external affairs ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said the reference to transparency, which was not there in the draft communique, was incorporated in the final communique after Prime Minister's strong intervention at Sunday's plenary session.
After Prime Minister Modi's intervention, several countries, notably Brazil and South Africa wanted a reference to be made to transparency in the final communique, Akbaruddin said.
"After the prime minister's own and strong intervention (on repatriation of black money), several countries shared his sentiments and wanted the views to be reflected in the final communique," he said.
Tensions soar over Putin
Vladimir Putin's early exit from a G20 summit in Australia after an icy reception from world leaders may further stoke Russia-West tensions and lead to renewed fighting in Ukraine, analysts said.
Western leaders piled huge pressure on the Russian strongman at the Group of 20 meeting in Brisbane, with host Tony Abbott calling on Putin to "atone" for the shooting down of Malaysian flight MH17 over rebel-held east Ukraine and Britain's David Cameron branding him a "bully".
Analysts said Putin's apparent anger at his treatment by his fellow leaders could worsen the crisis in Ukraine.
"If he is leaving irritated, just wait for the fighting in Ukraine to intensify," independent analyst Stanislav Belkovsky told AFP.
In eyebrow-raising remarks, Putin, who prides himself on his stamina, cited the "need to sleep" and a long flight home as his reasons for leaving the summit earlier than planned.
Despite the baking heat in Brisbane, the chill in the air was unmistakable.
Australian tabloid The Courier-Mail demanded apologies from Putin, while Russian media complained that Western leaders went out of their way to ostracise the Russian president.
"At the G20, Australian hosts tried to humiliate Vladimir Putin in every way possible," pro-Kremlin magazine Expert said online.
Armed with the Forbes magazine title of "the most powerful man in the world" and domestic approval ratings over 80%, Putin arrived in Australia with a flotilla of Russian navy vessels in tow.
The G20 summit had been expected to be the Russian president's toughest foreign visit since the start of the standoff between the Kremlin and the West over Russia's support for the separatists in eastern Ukraine.
Putin and the West had not been expected to reach a breakthrough over the Ukraine crisis, yet no one had expected hostilities to break out into the open.
In recent years Putin has habitually stolen the limelight at international gatherings, setting himself up as an outsider at G8 gatherings as the Kremlin agenda grew increasingly at odds with Western interests.
But the walkout in Brisbane took tensions to a whole new level.
Analysts said that Western leaders' increasingly vocal criticism of the Kremlin's policies and Putin's abrupt departure indicate that neither side was interested any longer in maintaining even a patina of civility.
'De-escalation did not pan out'
Fyodor Lukyanov, chairman of the Kremlin-connected Council on Foreign and Defence Policy, warned that Western criticism might just force Putin to harden his position.
"We are witnessing a further radicalisation of the positions of some Western countries, first and foremost North America and Australia, which is the summit host," Lukyanov said on Russian radio.
"There is no desire on their part to somehow soften this, on the contrary this is spilling into the public sphere. Well, the reaction is predictable -- Russia will also harden its stance."
Going into the summit, US President Barack Obama said Russia's aggression against Ukraine was "a threat to the world" and called the shooting down of Malaysian Airlines Flight MH17 over the rebel-held east of the ex-Soviet country in July "appalling".
Australia's Prime Minister Abbott accused Putin of trying to relive the "lost glories of tsarism".
Putin was also apparently rebuffed by Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper when the Russian leader approached him to shake hands.
"Well, I guess I'll shake your hand, but I only have one thing to say to you: you need to get out of Ukraine," said Harper, quoted by Canadian media.
The British premier accused Putin of undermining Russia's interests.
"You're not serving that country if, at the end of the day, the result is an economy under pressure, banks that can't raise money, a falling ruble, a stock market under pressure," Cameron was quoted as saying by British media.
The West this week accused Russia of sending fresh military hardware into eastern Ukraine, fuelling fears of a return to all-out conflict, and threatened Moscow with new sanctions if the violence intensifies.
Russia denies its troops are on the ground in Ukraine.
"De-escalation did not pan out. The EU may introduce new sanctions against Russia," said Gazeta.ru.
'More capricious, more attention'
Analysts also said Putin's walkout on the Western leaders would play well with his supporters back home.
"All the gestures of the Russian leader are aimed at the so-called Putin majority," Konstantin Kalachev, head of the Political Expert Group, told AFP.
He said Putin's attitude would be interpreted by his backers as: "What does Russia's national leader have to talk about with the rotten West?"
Kalachev also pointed out that by dispensing with diplomatic niceties Putin might be intentionally setting himself apart from other leaders.
"The more capricious, the more attention," he said.
Observers also pointed to Putin's charm offensive at APEC summit in Beijing ahead of the G20 where he caused an uproar by wrapping China's first lady Peng Liyuan in a shawl.
While some in Russia chalked up the gesture to Putin's old-school gallantry, others said it was the latest sign that the Russian leader considered himself above normal conventions.
"Vladimir Vladimirovich has his own style," journalist and former diplomat Alexander Baunov wrote for the liberal Slon.ru news website.
"This is also a hint at his own power."

PM Narendra Modi gets G20 to back Indias black moneymissionPrint
Prime Minister Narendra Modi with IMF chief Christine Lagarde (R) during the Leader's Walk at the G20 summit in Brisbane (Source: PTI)
Written by P Vaidyanathan Iyer | Brisbane | Posted: November 17, 2014 4:10 am | Updated: November 17, 2014 9:39 am
Driven by a strong domestic political agenda of getting black money back home, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday managed to get the Group of 20 include a certain clause in the final Leaders’ Communiqué that will make it difficult for tax havens to give complete tax exemption to companies.
This, along with the G20’s endorsement of a global Common Reporting Standard for automatic exchange of tax information on a reciprocal basis, are the twin pillars in India’s fight against tax evasion and repatriating unaccounted money, said Suresh Prabhu , sherpa to Prime Minister Modi for the G20 Summit.
Prabhu said that the Prime Minister made a strong pitch against black money. “At present, there are many rigidities in international tax laws , and past tax treaties also do not facilitate easy exchange of information,” he said. India has to make specific requests with tax jurisdictions for information, and more often such information is shared with caveats.
The Prime Minister’s Office said that India’s concerns on black money and tax avoidance have been taken on board in G20. This, government officials said, would give an impetus to India’s move to renegotiate treaties with some countries.
On the implication of the clause that now commits the G20 to ensure ‘transparency of taxpayer-specific rulings found to construe harmful tax practices’, Usha Titus, Joint Secretary, Ministry of Finance, pointed out that Luxembourg, for instance, had given a series of rulings which effectively did not require certain corporates to pay any tax. “The inclusion of this clause will make it difficult for tax havens to do so for specific corporates,” she said.
This is part of the base erosion and profit shifting (BEPS) action plan of the G20/ OECD to modernise international tax rules. The G20 final draft said that this plan has made significant progress. “We are committed to finalising this work in 2015,” it said. The G20 countries are expected to exchange information with each other and other countries by 2017 or end-2018 after completing legislative procedures.
Modi has been pushing the issue of black money in his meetings with global leaders including Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and the BRICS leaders. At an informal meeting with BRICS leaders Dilma Rousseff of Brazil, Xi Jinping of China, Vladimir Putin of Russia and Jacob Zuma of South Africa, Modi called for close coordination on unaccounted money stashed abroad. He said unaccounted money was also linked to security challenges.

JSW Energy agrees to buy Jaiprakash hydropower assets for $1.6 blnUpdated: November 16, 2014 16:05 IST
JSW Energy agrees to acquire two hydro projects from Jaypee for Rs 9700 crore
Lalatendu Mishra
stock activity
The prolonged Jaypee power deal was closed on Sunday with billionaire Sajjan Jindal signing an agreement with Manoj Gaur to acquire two hydro power projects of Jaiprakash Power Ventures Ltd (JVPL) for Rs 9700 crore.
JSW Energy on Sunday said it had executed documents to acquire 100 per cent stake in the two power plants with a combined capacity of 1391 MW from JPVL and other shareholders.
The board of directors of JPVL has approved the transfer of 300 MW Baspa II Hydro- Electric project and the 1091 MW Karcham Wangtoo Hydro-Electric project, both located in Himachal Pradesh, into a separate company called Himachal Baspa Power Company Ltd (HBPC Ltd) as a going concern through a scheme of arrangement which would be acquired by JSW Energy.
"Subsequent to the scheme of arrangement being made effective and subject to other terms and conditions agreed between the company and JPVL, JSW Energy proposes to acquire 100 per cent of the securities of HBPC Ltd held by JPVL," JSW Energy said in a filing to the stock exchanges.
This acquisition opens a new chapter in JSW Energy and makes it the largest hydro energy producer in the private sector.
With this the company total generation capacity including thermal will go up to 4531 MW.
Currently the company is setting up a 240 MW hydro power plant in Himachal Pradesh. Both the acquired power plants have 29 years and 37 years life respectively and can be extended for another 20 years, the company said.
"This is an attractive deal for our shareholders as it is expected to be earning accretive on closure. Our strategy is to increase capacity many fold and create synergy through a mix of organic and inorganic opportunities supported by excellence on operation," Sajjan Jindal, Chairman and Managing Director , JSW Energy said.
The Jaypee Group was trying for nearly a year to sell its power projects to retire mounting debt. Recently talks between the Group and Reliance Group had broken due to difference of opinion on valuation. Prior to that two other buyers including the Adani Group had walked away due to various reasons.
The money mobilized from the sale will go towards retiring debt of JPVL.

IS claims beheading of US aid worker Peter Kassig in videoprint
This handout photo released by the Kassig family shows Peter Kassig in front of a truck somewhere along the Syrian border between late 2012 and autumn 2013. (AFP Photo)
Peter Kassig, an American aid worker jihadists claim to have killed, had a "calling" to help Syrians suffering due to the devastating civil war in their country.
The 26-year-old former soldier disappeared on October 1, 2013 and was being held by the Islamic State group, which released a video Sunday claiming Kassig's execution and showing a masked militant standing over a severed head.
Kassig had been in the region since March 2012, when he traveled to Lebanon on a break from university, his family wrote on a Facebook page dedicated to raising awareness about his plight.
After witnessing the plight of those displaced by the war in neighboring Syria, he emailed a letter to family and friends telling them he was not coming home yet.
"I have tried to live my life in a way that displays what it is that I believe, but the truth is, much of my life I have only been searching for my calling, I had not yet found it," he wrote.
"Here, in this land, I have found my calling."
The young American, who was also trained as an emergency medical technician, went to Turkey and founded an aid group, his father, Ed Kassig, said in a video last month.
"He helped train 150 civilians in skills needed to provide medical aid to the people of Syria. His organization gave food, cooking supplies, clothing and medicine to those in need," Ed Kassig said as he pleaded for his son's release.
Desolation and hope
In an email to a friend in 2012, also posted on the Facebook page, Kassig wrote about the desolation of war and his hope for the future.
"How will I tell you of the walls riddled with bullets and the flowers that grow over them?" he wrote.
"War never ends, it just moves around... Loss and destruction in this land brings about only survival; the determination to press on and rebuild," he added.
"I can't be sure but I think I'm starting believe that as beautiful as it is to finish building a house, its a better feeling laying the first brick again after its been torn down..."
In a quotation on the Facebook page, he admits he at times wished for something different. The quote is attached as a caption to a photo showing Kassig brandishing a blood-clotting agent he obtained to help treat wounded in Syria.
"The truth is sometimes I really think I would like to do something else, but at the end of the day, this work is really the only thing that I have found that gives my life both meaning and direction."
Kassig, who converted to Islam during his captivity and took the Muslim name Abdel Rahman, said in a letter smuggled to his family his faith was intact.
"In terms of my faith, I pray every day, and I am not angry about my situation in that sense. I am in a dogmatically complicated situation here, but I am at peace with my belief."
'Scared to die'
In an October 3 video showing British aid worker Alan Henning's beheading, the threat was made that Kassig would be next.
IS has justified killing Western hostages as retaliation for US-led air strikes on the group over swathes of territory it has seized in Iraq and Syria.
In the letter received by his family in June, Kassig wrote that he was "scared to die".
"But the hardest part is not knowing, wondering, hoping and wondering if I should even hope at all. I am very sad all this has happened and for what all of you back home are going through.
"If I do die, I figure that at least you and I can seek refuge and comfort in knowing that I went out as a result of trying to alleviate suffering and helping those in need."

Dont make fortune out of poor: Raghuram Rajan to microlendersRBI Governor Raghuram Rajan has said that one should not think of making a fortune while serving poorest of the poor. Reuters
Mumbai | Posted: November 16, 2014 3:33 pm
Asking micro-lenders to look at only a “reasonable profit” to sustain their business while serving borrowers at the bottom of pyramid, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan has said that one should not think of making a fortune while serving poorest of the poor.
The comments come in sharp contrast to management guru late CK Prahalad’s views in his book ‘The Fortune at the Bottom of the Pyramid’.
The concept of the fortune at the bottom of the pyramid originally appeared in an article by Prahalad and Stuart L Hart in business journal ‘Strategy+Business’ in 2004.
That was followed by a book with the same title that discussed new business models targeted at providing goods and services to the poorest.
Microsoft founder Bill Gates, a philanthropist who has seen so far spent millions annually to help the poor, has described the book as something that offers an intriguing blueprint for how to fight poverty with profitability.
Rajan, himself is a renowned economist, said during a recent micro finance event, “I think Prahalad did a disservice by saying that there is a fortune at the bottom of the pyramid.
“My sense is that you cannot, in good conscience, make a fortune at the bottom of the pyramid. Make reasonable profits, but if you start making a fortune, it does start raising societal anxiety about how the fortune is being made”.
Following the advice of Prahalad, many companies across the world and especially consumer goods, auto and telecom marketers in the country, have begun to tap the underserved markets and made a big market out of them, Rajan said.
He added however that reasonable profit must be there at the bottom of the pyramid as the business has to be self-sustaining.
“If business is not self-sustaining, then entities Will make a pretence of doing the business, but they are not really going to get engaged until there are profits,” Rajan noted.
The poor who want to borrow often face local monopolies, which in the long-run can be taken care of by market competition, but in short-run borrowers have to deal with it, Rajan said.
“When they face local monopolies, then essentially we don’t have the presence of a competition commission right at the grassroots. And therefore, sometimes laws like you cannot charge more than a certain amount may be necessary to protect the poor,” he said.
Rajan said an interest rate cap on loans given by MFIs may force some people to go to money lenders who are outside the formal system and can charge an arm and a leg, but at the same time it ensures protection of consumers.
He said: “So, we should have a reasonable ceiling…not too low but not so high that it is irrelevant. When we have more continued…

Islamic State claims it has beheaded US hostage PeterKassigThe Islamic State jihadist group announced today it will start minting its own gold, silver and copper coins.
By: AP | Beirut | Posted: November 16, 2014 3:17 pm | Updated: November 17, 2014 11:14 am
The Islamic State group released a graphic video on Sunday in which a black-clad militant claimed to have beheaded US aid worker Peter Kassig, who was captured last year.
The militant was standing over a severed head, but it was not immediately possible to confirm that it was Kassig, 26, who was pictured in the video. US officials said they were working to determine the video’s authenticity and the Kassig family said it was awaiting the outcome of the investigation.
The video, which was posted on websites used by the group in the past, appeared to be the latest in a series of blood-soaked messages to the US warning of further brutality if it does not abandon its air campaign in Iraq and Syria.
“This is Peter Edward Kassig, a US citizen, of your country; Peter who fought against the Muslims in Iraq, while serving as a soldier,” the militant says near the end of the nearly 16-minute video. He speaks in an audible British accent despite his voice being distorted to make it more difficult to identify him.
The video identifies the militant’s location as Dabiq, a small town in the northern Syrian province of Aleppo, near the Turkish border.
The video also shows what appears to be the mass beheading of several Syrian soldiers captured by the group. The militants warn that US soldiers will meet a similar fate.
‘Jihad John’, clad in black, is seen holding a knife.
“We say to you, Obama…you claim to have withdrawn from Iraq four years ago,” the militant said.
“Here you are: you have not withdrawn. Rather, you hid some of your forces behind your proxies,” he said, apparently referring to Western-backed Syrian rebels, Kurdish fighters and the Iraqi military.
“Here we are, burying the first American crusader in Dabiq, eagerly waiting for the remainder of your armies to arrive.”
Kassig, a former US Army Ranger, was providing medical aid to Syrians fleeing the civil war when he was captured inside Syria on Oct. 1, 2013. His friends say he converted to Islam in captivity and took the first name Abdul-Rahman.
Previous videos have shown the beheading of two American journalists and two British aid workers. The latest video did not show the person identified as Kassig being beheaded. Unlike previous videos, it did not show other Western captives or directly threaten to behead anyone else.
The group also holds British photojournalist John Cantlie, who has been shown in several videos delivering long statements in English on the group’s behalf, perhaps under duress.
Kassig’s family said in a statement they were aware of the reports continued…

India admits to gender inequalities in Beijing plus 20 reviewUpdated: November 15, 2014 21:58 IST
India admits to gender inequalities in Beijing plus 20 review
Meena Menon
Tweet
Reuters
A girl looks out from inside a ward where several women, who underwent a sterilization surgery at a government mass sterilisation "camp", are treated at Chhattisgarh Institute of Medical Sciences in Bilaspur district. File photo
TOPICS
social issue
But there is no armed conflict within the country, says govt.
In its report on the implementation of the Beijing declaration and Platform for Action 20 years after the historic World Women's conference in 1995, India has admitted that deep rooted gender inequalities continue to undermine the country’s potential to translate economic growth into inclusive development.
In the report of the goals set at Beijing under a review process recently, India said the gender based inequalities for instance in education, income and employment, limit the ability to protect women's health. This lack of power of women in most cultural settings also impacts nutritional intake and health status of women and girls. Along with the policy initiatives a lot needs to be done to realise the policy measures on ground.
However, on the issue of women and armed conflict, the report said the Indian government maintains that there is no armed conflict within the country.
The report along with those from others countries of the Asia Pacific region will be discussed at the United Nations Economic and Social Commission for the Asia Pacific (ESCAP) Asian and Pacific conference on gender equality and women's empowerment: Beijing plus 20 review which will begin here on Monday. Faced in reality with mounting problems on women's health specially after the recent sterilisation deaths, the government also accepted that certain critical areas of concern like tackling the burden of poverty, unequal access to primary health care, under nutrition, high rates of illiteracy and lack of training, lack of access to and control over assets and resources, inequalities in sharing of power and decision making require immediate attention in order to ensure equality and practical realisation of rights for women.
Government representatives and civil society members will discuss the reports for four days in the run up to 20 years of the Beijing conference next year.
Addressing the media, Ms Paul said thst the review process called on governments to report on what steps they had taken in the last 20 years on thier commitments to the 12 main points identified in Beijing in '95 . While there are many gains in the region, governments have indicated that there are lapses in implementation of laws and in addressing violence against women which is still a pandemic. Women were finding it tough to be part of the labour force, still dying during childbirth and were low in political participation, she said.
Roberta Clarke, regional director, UN Women, said that many of the governments have laws to tackle domestic violence but they remain under implemented. The 12 critical areas identified in Beijing in 1995 included ending poverty, violence, ensuring rights to the girl child, gender budgeting, ensuring political participation, among key areas.

Working on Viable Model to Adopt Subsidiary Route: DBSInfrastructure Consulting Firms Seek Exemption From Service Tax: Industry Body
Mumbai: Singaporean lender DBS is committed to switch to operating as a wholly-owned subsidiary (WOS) in India, but difficulties around getting a viable business model are delaying its adoption of the new model preferred by the central bank, a top official has said.
"The more difficult thing is to work out a solution as to how do you make a viable business proposition out of the current regulations and that is something we are evaluating now," DBS managing director and chief operating officer Vijit Yadav told PTI.
"I am not saying it is impossible to form an exact business proposition. I think it is an onerous task to understand the nitty-gritty of what the implications are of going into the WOS model and then building a plan around it," he said.
Mr Yadav was replying to a question on the delay in DBS' converting into a WOS model even a year after RBI came out with its final guidelines for the same. He, however, declined to give a timeline by when the bank will turn into a WOS.
The bank, which has the government of Singapore as its biggest shareholder, was the first and the only foreign lender to go public with its intention of turning into a WOS rather than operate as a branch.
Mr Yadav said the bank, which operates 12 branches in the country, is currently at the planning and evaluative stage but affirmed commitment to turn into a WOS, given the strategic importance India has for the DBS group.
"It's in our planning internal approvals phase... I think there are various people looking at it simultaneously," he said, stating that the go-ahead will have to be received from various bodies including the regulators like Monetary Authority of Singapore and RBI, after which a secretariat and company formation will take place.
Story first published on: November 16, 2014 13:00 (IST)

 High-Price Stocks: 1 Share at Price of a SmartphoneInvestor Awareness Programmes Need to Focus on Quality: UK Sinha
New Delhi: As stock market continues its record-breaking rally, there are many shares with per-unit price running into thousands of rupees and equal the cost of buying a smartphone, a LCD television or even a split AC.
Helped by the new government's reform push and growing expectations for better economic scenario, the foreign funds have been on a buying spree in stock market and the benchmark indices Sensex and Nifty have scaled new peaks above 28,000 and 8,400 levels, respectively.
The Sensex has rallied by 33 per cent so far this year, making India the best performer among the world's ten biggest markets.
At the same time, stock prices of at least 37 companies, out of the top-100 listed firms in India, now cost Rs 1,000 or above for one share, as per the stock exchange data.
Leading the charts in terms of per-share value, Bosch commands a share price of Rs 16,571 apiece, while Eicher Motors and Shree Cements have share prices of Rs 14,001 and Rs 9,077, respectively.
The market value of just one share of P&G, GSK Consumer Healthcare and Nestle is also in the range of Rs 5,000-6,500.
Companies like Maruti Suzuki, Dr Reddy's, Oracle Financial Services, Grasim and Infosys command a price of Rs 3,000-4,000 per share.
For blue-chips like TCS, SBI, Bajaj Auto, Ultratech Cement, Tech Mahindra and Hero MotoCorp, the per-share price is Rs 2,000-3,000, while others in this bracket include United Spirits, Colgate and GSK Pharma.
Those with share price in the range of Rs 1,000-Rs 2,000 include ICICI Bank, HDFC, Aurobindo Pharma, ACC, Britannia and AB Nuvo.
Outside the top-100 companies also, there are many with share prices running into thousands of rupees and one notable stock among them is MRF which currently commands a share price of Rs 32,337.60 apiece.
Story first published on: November 16, 2014 13:41 (IST)

Bitcoin club loses steam; mkt value tanks ov...Bitcoin
(Nonetheless, the value…)
NEW DELHI: After being touted as currency of future, the halo around bitcoins and other virtual currencies appear to be fading and their combined market value has dipped to $6 billion, from over $11 billion a year ago.
While the number of such currencies has increased substantially to over 500, from about 70 in November last year, their combined valuation has been on a decline after peaking at over $15 billion early in 2014.
Nonetheless, the value of many popular virtual currencies including Bitcoin, Ripple, Dogecoin and Litecoin has crashed by 50-60 per cent from their peaks early in 2014, as per data available on various trading platforms.
Incidentally, the number of online platforms where these digital currencies, which are not backed by any government or banking authorities, can be traded has also grown to 1,400, while many of them can be accessed from anywhere in the world including India.
While India is yet to put in place any separate guidelines for bitcoins and other virtual currencies, RBI has already warned against their use due to potential risks associated with such transactions.
According to some traders, a sharp recovery in regular financial markets, including stocks, might have led to 'hot money' parked in bitcoins to move outside. Besides, intensified regulatory glare on such currencies might have also resulted in investors pulling out their funds.
Bitcoin and other such currencies have attracted a lot of attention of financial regulators on suspicion of being alleged conduits of ill-gotten wealth. Speculators and gullible investors too had lapped up the idea of a non-fiat currencies that were marketed as promising investments.
Bitcoin currently trades at a price of $400 a unit, as against lofty highs of $1200 early this year. Other virtual currencies have seen similar trend in their prices.
As per bitcoin traders, warnings from global central banks, the Mt Gox exchange debacle, cases of money laundering and criminal payments via such currencies, and a moderation in the initial frenzy have affected the market.
Earlier this month, the US authorities busted the first bitcoin securities fraud case, accusing a 32-year-old of engineering a bitcoin Ponzi scheme where about half of 100 investors lost all or part of their bitcoin investment in 2011 and 2012.
Bitcoins shot to prominence mainly through underground transactions, while Silk Road and similar websites, which are not visible on the open internet, enabled buyers and sellers to trade using digital currencies, usually Bitcoin.
Low transaction costs and difficult-to-trace nature of transactions have also helped bitcoins.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Spotlight falls on Europe s stuttering economySpotlight falls on Europe's stuttering economy
Reuters Nov 16, 2014, 02.54PM IST
Tags:
Angela Merkel
(While the United States…)
FRANKFURT: As large parts of Europe's economy grind almost to a halt, attention will focus this week on the latest assessments of business confidence in the euro zone and Germany , which has just narrowly avoided a recession.
While the United States economy has accelerated and China holds a slower but steady course, euro zone countries have remained sluggish, with overall growth in output slowing to a trickle.
"The euro zone is the best part of 20 percent of the global economy," James Knightley, an economist with ING, said. "The longer the stagnation goes on the more Japan-like it becomes."
The euro zone's problems have raised expectations that the European Central Bank is preparing to loosen its purse strings further to try to rekindle growth.
Against this backdrop, Germany's Centre for European Economic Research's (ZEW) monthly barometer of sentiment, due on Nov 18, will provide more insight into business confidence levels.
The Ukraine crisis is a major drag on business and investor sentiment, especially as there have been new reports of Russian troops pouring into eastern Ukraine.
Russia has denied sending military forces to help separatist rebels in that region launch a new offensive in a conflict that has killed more than 4,000 people.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel said at the G20 leaders' summit on Saturday in Brisbane that the European Union was considering further financial sanctions against Russian individuals because of the crisis.
Fallout from the Ukraine conflict is exacerbating the euro zone's problems, with European sanctions squeezing Russia's banks and companies and having knock-on effects particularly on Germany.
A company purchasing managers' survey on Nov. 20 will offer a snapshot of whether companies are expanding in Germany, France and across the euro zone.
That follows new monthly information on international trade, due out on Monday, which will show the extent of falls in exports to Russia.
The bleak picture in Europe contrasts with brighter prospects for the United States, where an update on the how the country's manufacturers are faring is also out on Monday.
As the U.S. economy picks up, its central bank is moving closer to raising the cost of borrowing for the first time in more than eight years.
Later in the week, economists will pore over the minutes of the Federal Reserve's latest policy meeting for any hints as to when Fed Chair Janet Yellen will begin reining in cheap money.
The health of China's economy, a growth-driver for the United States and Europe, has also been a major concern given signs that growth is faltering.
The communist country's economy now mirrors those of its rivals in the West and is having to confront many of the problems they have faced from rising wages and property bubbles to demands for stricter environmental standards.
As global demand for its goods has slowed, its manufacturing costs are rising, prompting some companies to shift to cheaper neighbours such as Vietnam.
The Chinese government has tried to head off a sharper slowdown in the economy, on track to grow at its slowest pace in 24 years, by easing some curbs on the property market.
Such restrictions on second homes, for instance, had been introduced to dampen runaway property prices in cities such as Beijing, where the cost of a two-bedroom flat can reach $1 million.
A further property price slowdown is likely to be confirmed when home price data is published early in the week.
The downbeat picture in Europe and China's wobble have convinced some economists that the world will have to get used to more modest living standards.
Even in countries where the recovery has been relatively robust, such as the United States or Britain, many people have barely noticed the difference between recovery and recession because their earnings have stayed low.
"There is a growing divergence between highly-skilled well-paid jobs and low-skilled low-paid jobs," Matthew Whittaker, the chief economist at the Resolution Foundation think tank, said. "The UK recovery has been marked by pay going down."
Price inflation in Britain, due out on Nov 18, is likely to stay around the 5-year low it hit in September.
Some economists are now convinced that low or no inflation is the new normal.
"If you look at Japan, the U.S. or China, there is no inflation to be had," Lena Komileva of consultancy G+ Economics said. "We have to readjust expectations to much lower growth."
FEATURED ARTICLES

ISIS Claims to Behead American Peter Kassig in New VideoWhite House Confirms Death of American Aid Worker Peter Kassig in New Video
Nov 16, 2014, 1:35 PM ET
James Gordon Meek More from James »
Investigative Producer
This undated photo released by the Kassig family Oct. 5, 2014 shows Abdul-Rahman Kassig standing in front of a truck filled with supplies for Syrian refugees.
Courtesy Kassig Family
Share
Copy
President Obama offered "prayers and condolences" today to the family of Peter Kassig, an American aid worker killed by ISIS, which posted a new video online boasting of the killing.
Kassig, the fifth Western hostage ISIS has claimed to have killed since August, changed his name to Abdul-Rahman after converting to Islam, according to his parents. The aid worker and former Army Ranger was abducted in October 2013 while traveling to a town in eastern Syria .
Kassig's parents, Ed and Paula, issued a statement late today asking that their son be remembered for what he did with his life, not how it was ended.
"We are heartbroken to learn that our son, Abdul-Rahman Peter Kassig, has lost his life as a result of his love for the Syrian people and his desire to ease their suffering," they wrote. "Our heart also goes out to the families of the Syrians who lost their lives, along with our son.
"We are incredibly proud of our son for living his life according to his humanitarian calling," they wrote. "We will work every day to keep his legacy alive as best we can."
Towards the end of the nearly 16-minute video, a militant stands over a severed head, saying, "This is Peter Edward Kassig, a U.S. citizen, of your country; Peter who fought against the Muslims in Iraq, while serving as a soldier."
The militant speaks with a British accent and the video identifies his location as Dabiq, a small town in the northern Syrian province of Aleppo, near the Turkish border.
This is the first video in which the hostage isn't seen alive before his apparent murder. Matt Olsen, the former director of the National Counterterrorism Center, said it's unclear why Kassig didn't appear on camera.
"It's possible, of course, that he wouldn't cooperate and speak on the video," said Olsen, adding that intelligence officers are examining the video in detail as they try to authenticate it.
Obtained by ABC News
PHOTO: A purported ISIS militant speaks in a video that purports to show the death of American hostage Peter Kassig.
Kassig's parents said in a statement that they were aware of the reports of their son's death and were waiting for confirmation from the government as to the authenticity of the video. They declined to comment further.
In a letter smuggled out by a former ISIS captive, Kassig, 26, told his parents that he was afraid to die.
"I am obviously pretty scared to die but the hardest part is not knowing, wondering, hoping, and wondering if I should even hope at all," he wrote in the letter, according to his parents. "I am very sad that all this has happened and for what all of you back home are going through. If I do die, I figure that at least you and I can seek refuge and comfort in knowing that I went out as a result of trying to alleviate suffering and helping those in need."
Kassig was an Army veteran who served in the Iraq war before he was honorably discharged for medical reasons in 2007.
Kassig later became an emergency medical technician and volunteered as a medical assistant in border hospitals in Lebanon in 2012, treating Palestinian refugees and those fleeing from the Syrian conflict.
In the fall of that year, Kassig founded an NGO called SERA, Special Emergency Response and Assistance, eventually moving its base of operations to Turkey, according to a family spokesman. From there, Kassig "sourced and delivered food and medical supplies to the growing [refugee] camps on both sides of the Syrian border." He also gave primary trauma care to children caught in the crossfire.

Islamic State claims it has beheaded US hostage Peter KassigThe Islamic State jihadist group announced today it will start minting its own gold, silver and copper coins.
By: AP | Beirut | Posted: November 16, 2014 3:17 pm | Updated: November 17, 2014 11:14 am
The Islamic State group released a graphic video on Sunday in which a black-clad militant claimed to have beheaded US aid worker Peter Kassig, who was captured last year.
The militant was standing over a severed head, but it was not immediately possible to confirm that it was Kassig, 26, who was pictured in the video. US officials said they were working to determine the video’s authenticity and the Kassig family said it was awaiting the outcome of the investigation.
The video, which was posted on websites used by the group in the past, appeared to be the latest in a series of blood-soaked messages to the US warning of further brutality if it does not abandon its air campaign in Iraq and Syria.
“This is Peter Edward Kassig, a US citizen, of your country; Peter who fought against the Muslims in Iraq, while serving as a soldier,” the militant says near the end of the nearly 16-minute video. He speaks in an audible British accent despite his voice being distorted to make it more difficult to identify him.
The video identifies the militant’s location as Dabiq, a small town in the northern Syrian province of Aleppo, near the Turkish border.
The video also shows what appears to be the mass beheading of several Syrian soldiers captured by the group. The militants warn that US soldiers will meet a similar fate.
‘Jihad John’, clad in black, is seen holding a knife.
“We say to you, Obama…you claim to have withdrawn from Iraq four years ago,” the militant said.
“Here you are: you have not withdrawn. Rather, you hid some of your forces behind your proxies,” he said, apparently referring to Western-backed Syrian rebels, Kurdish fighters and the Iraqi military.
“Here we are, burying the first American crusader in Dabiq, eagerly waiting for the remainder of your armies to arrive.”
Kassig, a former US Army Ranger, was providing medical aid to Syrians fleeing the civil war when he was captured inside Syria on Oct. 1, 2013. His friends say he converted to Islam in captivity and took the first name Abdul-Rahman.
Previous videos have shown the beheading of two American journalists and two British aid workers. The latest video did not show the person identified as Kassig being beheaded. Unlike previous videos, it did not show other Western captives or directly threaten to behead anyone else.
The group also holds British photojournalist John Cantlie, who has been shown in several videos delivering long statements in English on the group’s behalf, perhaps under duress.
Kassig’s family said in a statement they were aware of the reports continued…

Dont make fortune out of poor: Raghuram Rajan to micro lendersRBI Governor Raghuram Rajan has said that one should not think of making a fortune while serving poorest of the poor. Reuters
Mumbai | Posted: November 16, 2014 3:33 pm
Asking micro-lenders to look at only a “reasonable profit” to sustain their business while serving borrowers at the bottom of pyramid, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan has said that one should not think of making a fortune while serving poorest of the poor.
The comments come in sharp contrast to management guru late CK Prahalad’s views in his book ‘The Fortune at the Bottom of the Pyramid’.
The concept of the fortune at the bottom of the pyramid originally appeared in an article by Prahalad and Stuart L Hart in business journal ‘Strategy+Business’ in 2004.
That was followed by a book with the same title that discussed new business models targeted at providing goods and services to the poorest.
Microsoft founder Bill Gates, a philanthropist who has seen so far spent millions annually to help the poor, has described the book as something that offers an intriguing blueprint for how to fight poverty with profitability.
Rajan, himself is a renowned economist, said during a recent micro finance event, “I think Prahalad did a disservice by saying that there is a fortune at the bottom of the pyramid.
“My sense is that you cannot, in good conscience, make a fortune at the bottom of the pyramid. Make reasonable profits, but if you start making a fortune, it does start raising societal anxiety about how the fortune is being made”.
Following the advice of Prahalad, many companies across the world and especially consumer goods, auto and telecom marketers in the country, have begun to tap the underserved markets and made a big market out of them, Rajan said.
He added however that reasonable profit must be there at the bottom of the pyramid as the business has to be self-sustaining.
“If business is not self-sustaining, then entities Will make a pretence of doing the business, but they are not really going to get engaged until there are profits,” Rajan noted.
The poor who want to borrow often face local monopolies, which in the long-run can be taken care of by market competition, but in short-run borrowers have to deal with it, Rajan said.
“When they face local monopolies, then essentially we don’t have the presence of a competition commission right at the grassroots. And therefore, sometimes laws like you cannot charge more than a certain amount may be necessary to protect the poor,” he said.
Rajan said an interest rate cap on loans given by MFIs may force some people to go to money lenders who are outside the formal system and can charge an arm and a leg, but at the same time it ensures protection of consumers.
He said: “So, we should have a reasonable ceiling…not too low but not so high that it is irrelevant. When we have more continued…

Islamic State claims beheading of US aid worker  18 Syriansprint
This handout photo released by the Kassig family shows Peter Kassig in front of a truck somewhere along the Syrian border between late 2012 and autumn 2013. (AFP Photo)
Peter Kassig, an American aid worker jihadists claim to have killed, had a "calling" to help Syrians suffering due to the devastating civil war in their country.
The 26-year-old former soldier disappeared on October 1, 2013 and was being held by the Islamic State group, which released a video Sunday claiming Kassig's execution and showing a masked militant standing over a severed head.
Kassig had been in the region since March 2012, when he traveled to Lebanon on a break from university, his family wrote on a Facebook page dedicated to raising awareness about his plight.
After witnessing the plight of those displaced by the war in neighboring Syria, he emailed a letter to family and friends telling them he was not coming home yet.
"I have tried to live my life in a way that displays what it is that I believe, but the truth is, much of my life I have only been searching for my calling, I had not yet found it," he wrote.
"Here, in this land, I have found my calling."
The young American, who was also trained as an emergency medical technician, went to Turkey and founded an aid group, his father, Ed Kassig, said in a video last month.
"He helped train 150 civilians in skills needed to provide medical aid to the people of Syria. His organization gave food, cooking supplies, clothing and medicine to those in need," Ed Kassig said as he pleaded for his son's release.
Desolation and hope
In an email to a friend in 2012, also posted on the Facebook page, Kassig wrote about the desolation of war and his hope for the future.
"How will I tell you of the walls riddled with bullets and the flowers that grow over them?" he wrote.
"War never ends, it just moves around... Loss and destruction in this land brings about only survival; the determination to press on and rebuild," he added.
"I can't be sure but I think I'm starting believe that as beautiful as it is to finish building a house, its a better feeling laying the first brick again after its been torn down..."
In a quotation on the Facebook page, he admits he at times wished for something different. The quote is attached as a caption to a photo showing Kassig brandishing a blood-clotting agent he obtained to help treat wounded in Syria.
"The truth is sometimes I really think I would like to do something else, but at the end of the day, this work is really the only thing that I have found that gives my life both meaning and direction."
Kassig, who converted to Islam during his captivity and took the Muslim name Abdel Rahman, said in a letter smuggled to his family his faith was intact.
"In terms of my faith, I pray every day, and I am not angry about my situation in that sense. I am in a dogmatically complicated situation here, but I am at peace with my belief."
'Scared to die'
In an October 3 video showing British aid worker Alan Henning's beheading, the threat was made that Kassig would be next.
IS has justified killing Western hostages as retaliation for US-led air strikes on the group over swathes of territory it has seized in Iraq and Syria.
In the letter received by his family in June, Kassig wrote that he was "scared to die".
"But the hardest part is not knowing, wondering, hoping and wondering if I should even hope at all. I am very sad all this has happened and for what all of you back home are going through.
"If I do die, I figure that at least you and I can seek refuge and comfort in knowing that I went out as a result of trying to alleviate suffering and helping those in need."

Forced to have sex by jail authoritiesForced to have sex by Bangalore jail authorities?
Sudipto Mondal , Hindustan Times  Bengaluru, November 15, 2014
First Published: 23:29 IST(15/11/2014) | Last Updated: 17:13 IST(16/11/2014)
Comments
The infamous Parappa Agrahara Central Jail has hit a new low with two shocking anonymous complaint letters surfacing in the women’s section of the jail, alleging that female inmates are forced into sex by jail authorities.
The letters are part of a dossier, full of shocking revelations, submitted to the Karnataka high court by a judicial officer who was investigating irregularities in the prison.
The two letters, written in barely legible Kannada by women inmates, allege that they are forced to have sex with male inmates who pay the jail authorities between Rs. 300 and Rs. 500 for the ‘service’.
Addressed to the chief justice of Karnataka, the letters paint a dystopic picture of life in the jail. The inmates have to pay bribes to meet their visiting relatives.
The investigation also pointed that although 24 convicts jumped parole since June, jail authorities had not brought this to the notice of the courts or lodged a complaint with the police.
Allegations have often surfaced that high-profile prisoners are given special facilities but they are never followed up. However, according to the enquiry, there is a well oiled rent collection system in the prison. Inmates are charged an advance of Rs. 20,000 and pay a monthly rent of Rs. 10,000 for special cells, the report submitted to the HC says.
VS Raja, additional inspector general of prisons, dismissed the allegations saying the prison was covered by CCTV cameras and it was a conspiracy to defame the prison authorities by rival officers.
The jail has housed many high profile inmates, including former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa, mining baron G Janardhan Reddy and recently, former Tamil Nadu CM J Jayalalithaa.

IS claims beheading of US aid worker  18 Syr...You are here: Home > Collections
IS claims beheading of US aid worker, 18 Syrians
AFP Nov 16, 2014, 05.05PM IST
(The man stood over a severed…)
BEIRUT: The Islamic State jihadist group on Sunday claimed to have executed Peter Kassig, a US aid worker kidnapped in Syria, as a warning to the United States.
The same video showed the gruesome simultaneous beheadings of at least 18 men described as Syrian military personnel, the latest in a series of mass executions and other atrocities carried out by IS.
"This is Peter Edward Kassig, a US citizen of your country," said a black-clad militant wearing a balaclava, the same outfit worn by the man who beheaded two American journalists and two British aid workers in earlier videos.
The man stood over a severed head bearing a resemblance to Kassig, a former American soldier who risked his life to provide medical treatment and aid to those suffering from Syria's civil war.
Kassig, a 26-year-old from Indiana who was kidnapped in 2013 in Syria's Deir Ezzor province, also worked in hospitals and clinics treating Syrians who fled to neighbouring Turkey and Lebanon.
He wrote to his parents saying: "If I do die, I figure that at least you and I can seek refuge and comfort in knowing that I went out as a result of trying to alleviate suffering and helping those in need."
The militant in the video made no mention of Kassig's aid work, only referring to his time as a US soldier in Iraq.
"Here, we are burying the first American crusader in Dabiq, eagerly waiting for the remainder of your armies to arrive," the militant said.
Dabiq is the site of a major 16th century battle in what is now northern Syria that saw the Ottomans defeat the Mamluks and begin a major expansionist phase of an empire the IS group considers to have been the last caliphate.
In a highly choreographed sequence earlier in the video, jihadists marched at least 18 prisoners said to be Syrian officers and pilots past a wooden box of long black military knives, each taking one as they passed, then forced them to kneel in a line and decapitated them.
"Today, we're slaughtering the soldiers of Bashar," the same black-clad militant said, referring to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.
"Tomorrow, we'll be slaughtering your (US) soldiers. And with Allah's permission, we will break this final and last crusade, and the Islamic State will... begin to slaughter your people on your streets."
IS spearheaded a militant offensive that overran much of Iraq's Sunni Arab heartland since June after seizing major territory in neighbouring Syria, and carried out a series of atrocities in both countries.
The group has killed hundreds of Iraqi and Syrian tribesmen who opposed it, attacked religious and ethnic minorities, sold women as slaves, executed scores of Iraqi security personnel and carried out beheadings on camera.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Top Frames: Pics of the week gone bypicture  others
Top Frames: Pics of the week gone by
November 14, 2014: U.S. President Barack Obama puts his arm around opposition politician Aung San Suu Kyi after a joint press conference following their meeting at her residence in Yangon, November 14, 2014. Obama, visiting Myanmar's opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi on Friday, said a provision in the Southeast Asian nation's constitution that prevents candidates from running for president because of their children's nationality made no sense. (Source: Reuters)
November 12, 2014:  Prime Minister Narendra Modi joins hands with ASEAN leaders at a group   photo session during the 12th  India-ASEAN Summit in Nay Pyi Taw in Myanmar on Wednesday. (Source: PTI)
November 12, 2014: Nay Pyi Taw: Prime Minister Narendra Modi shakes hands with Chairperson   and General Secretary of the National League for Democracy, Aung San Suu Kyi during a meeting at Nay Pyi Taw in   Myanmar on Wednesday. (Source: PTI)
November 11, 2014:  FormerJammu and Kashmir separatist leader Sajjd Lone out side prime minister residence   after meeting with Narendar Modi in New Delhi. (Source: Express photo by Anil Sharma)
November 9, 2014:  Manohar Parikar going to take oath as a new Minister at the swearing in ceremony at   Rashtrapati Bhavan in New Delhi on Sunday. The Cabinet was expanded on Sunday for the first time after the NDA   goverment assumed office in the May. (Source: Express Photo by Neeraj Priyadarshi)
November 9, 2014:  Deepika Kumari in action during the National Ranking Archery tournament 2014, at Red fort   lawns in Delhi. (Source: Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
November 11, 2014:  A plant grows amongst the ceramic poppies that form part of the art  installation "Blood Swept Lands  and Seas of Red", during an Armistice Day ceremony at the Tower of London in  London .   (Source: Reuters)
November 12, 2014:  Prime Minister Narendra Modi takes picture of the venue of the 25th   ASEAN Summit at MICC in Nay Pyi  Taw in Myanmar on Wednesday. (Source: PTI)
November 13, 2014:  A woman, who underwent a sterilization surgery at a government mass  sterilisation "camp", sits in  hospital bed at Chhattisgarh Institute of Medical Sciences (CIMS) hospital in Bilaspur, in Chhattisgarh.
The doctor whose sterilisation of 83 women in less than three hours ended in at least a  dozen   deaths said on Thursday the express operations were his moral responsibility and blamed adulterated medicines for the   tragedy. Dr R. K Gupta, who says he has conducted more than 50,000 such operations, denied that his equipment was   rusty or dirty and said it was the government's duty to control the number of people that turned up at his family-planning   "camp". (Source: Reuters)
November 10, 2014:  Best Selling Internationally acclaimed American Author Dan Brown   delivering the Annual Penguin India lecture in New Delhi on monday. (Source: Express Photo by Tashi Tobgyal)
November 12, 2014:  A man, who attempted to attack Hong Kong media magnate Jimmy   Lai, is held on the ground with  his limbs tied by pro-democracy protesters in an occupied area in Hong Kong. Three men   were  restrained by pro-democracy protesters after they tried to attack Lai, an outspoken critic of  Beijing who has   supported  pro-democracy activists through his publications and with donations, at the protest site. Pro- democracy   protesters used  plastic cords to bind the men as they waited for police to arrive at the scene.   (Source: Reuters)
November 8, 2014:  "Kiss of Love" (campaign against moral policing) activists (R) and Hindu activists (L) argue   outside RSS headquarters in New Delhi on Saturday. (Source: Express photo by Prem Nath Pandey)
November 12, 2014:  Kurdish refugee children from the Syrian town of Kobani wait for their lesson in front of a makeshift  classroom, in a refugee camp in the border town of Suruc, Sanliurfa province. (Source:  Reuters)
November 11, 2014:   U.S. President Barack Obama (front) walks past his Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping during   a welcoming ceremony of Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) forum, inside the International Convention Center   at Yanqi Lake, in Beijing. (Source: Reuters)
November 11, 2014:  U.S. President Barack Obama (L) shakes hands with China's President Xi Jinping during the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) forum, at the International Convention Center at Yanqi Lake in Beijing.   (Source: Reuters)
November 11, 2014: Human Resource Development Minister Smriti Zubin Irani hugs Minister of Minority Affairs  Najma Heptullaha  after her speech during the National Education Day Celebration at Vigyan Bhavan. (Source: Express Photo by Renuka Puri)
November 9, 2014:   American foreign policy analyst and former Deputy Secretary of State, Strobe Talbott in   New Delhi on Sunday.  (Source: Express photo by Oinam Anand)
November 11, 2014: Factory board member Volodymyr Boyko looks inside a furnace at a   biomass thermal electricity  generation plant in Ivankiv, Kiev region, November 11, 2014. Ongoing conflict between   Ukraine's forces and pro-Russian separatists has battered Ukraine's economy, forcing it to near bankruptcy, making it   dependent on international loans and pushing it deeply into debt to Russia for natural gas. But one factory in the town of   Ivankiv, near Kiev, hopes to use waste and wood to wean Ukraine off Russian gas. The company, called "Engineering",   says its main business focus is development of renewable energy projects in Ukraine, including the construction of this   biomass thermal power plant in Ivankiv. (Source: Reuters)
Related

J&K: Massive clampdown for smooth polls  average 300 detentions per weekA Kashmiri boy rides bicycle past soldiers keeping guard outside Jamia Masjid in Srinagar. (Source: PTI)
Written by Ritu Sarin | Srinagar | Posted: November 16, 2014 5:08 am | Updated: November 16, 2014 8:51 am
In a move ostensibly to ensure that the assembly elections are not “disrupted”, a massive clampdown operation is being quietly carried out in the Kashmir Valley.
Since elections were announced on October 25, as many as 928 people have been detained in several prisons — which works out to an average of 300 detentions per week. More than half the detainees have been categorised as “stone pelters” and “trouble mongers”.
Those who have been picked up include over 80 leaders of the Hurriyat and its affiliates, and over 100 released or surrendered militants.
The clampdown began immediately after the Election Commission announced polls, and the detainees will stay behind bars until the end of the five-phase voting that closes on December 20, top police and intelligence officials told The Sunday Express.
The first phase of polling is on November 25.
“The idea was not to allow any disruption of the poll process as had happened during the general elections. With such elements in detention, we can now concentrate on the security of the candidates and the pollingstations also, since the levels of deployment of forces too have come down,” Director-General of Police K Rajendra Kumar said.
“No political party has protested against the preventive arrests, because they all want an incident-free election,” DGP Kumar said.
The clampdown appears to have been planned much before the announcement of polls, with security agencies ready with lists and addresses of “disruptive” political elements and “chronic” stone-pelters. A similar exercise was carried out before the second phase of polling for the Lok Sabha, but the number of preventive detentions at that time was around 450, officials said.
Pictures taken by security agencies during demonstrations and rallies helped identify the targets of the preventive detention sweep, they said.
Among prominent Kashmiri leaders, Mirwaiz Umar Farooq and Syed Ali Shah Geelani are under undeclared house arrest. Shabir Shah is in prison. Yasin Malik has recently been moved from prison to hospital for the treatment of a kidney ailment.

G20 leaders vow to boost global GDP by over USD 2 trillionFIPB role shrinks amid easier FDI flows
Leaders of the world’s 20 developed and emerging economies today vowed to boost global GDP by over USD 2 trillion over next five years by investing in infrastructure and increasing trade, aimed at boosting the global recovery amid geopolitical tensions.
In a three-page statement issued at the end of G20 Summit here, the world leaders, including Prime Minister Narendra Modi and US President Barack Obama, said, “raising global growth to deliver better living standards and quality jobs for people across the world is our highest priority.”
The statement said that the global economy is being held back by a shortfall in demand, while addressing supply constraints is key to lifting potential growth.
“Risks persist, including in financial markets and from geopolitical tensions. We commit to work in partnership to lift growth, boost economic resilience and strengthen global institutions,” it said.
“We are determined to overcome these challenges and step up our efforts to achieve strong, sustainable and balanced growth, and to create jobs.
“We are implementing structural reforms to lift growth and private sector activity, recognising that well-functioning markets underpin prosperity,” it added.
“This year we set an ambitious goal to lift the G20’s GDP by at least an additional two per cent by 2018. Analysis by the IMF-OECD indicates that our commitments, if fully implemented, will deliver 2.1 per cent. This will add more than USD 2 trillion to the global economy and create millions of jobs,” it said.
The statement came soon after Russian President Vladimir Putin left the summit venue where he faced concerted Western anger over the Ukraine crisis and the downing of Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17 over eastern Ukraine in July.
It said the measures to lift investment, increase trade and competition, and boost employment, along with the macroeconomic policies, will support development and inclusive growth, and help to reduce inequality and poverty.
The G20 leaders agreed to set up a Global Infrastructure Hub with a four-year mandate to contribute to developing a knowledge-sharing platform and network between governments, the private sector, development banks and other international organisations.
They also welcomed the launch of the World Bank Group’s Global Infrastructure Facility, saying “We support similar initiatives by other development banks and continued cooperation amongst them.”
“We need policies that take full advantage of global value chains and encourage greater participation and value addition by developing countries,” the statement said.
“Our actions to increase investment, trade and competition will deliver quality jobs. But we must do more to address unemployment, raise participation and create quality jobs,” it added.
The leaders agreed to reduce the gap in participation rates between men and women by 25 per cent by 2025 aimed at bringing more than 100 million women into the labour force.
They expressed strong commitment to reduce youth unemployment by acting to ensure young people are in education, training or employment.
“We are committed to poverty eradication and development, and to ensure our actions contribute to inclusive and sustainable growth in low-income and developing countries. We commit to take strong practical measures to reduce the global average cost of transferring remittances to five per cent and to enhance financial inclusion as a priority,” they said.
“We have delivered key aspects of the core commitments we made in response to the financial crisis. Our reforms to improve banksâ€™ capital and liquidity positions and to make derivatives markets safer will reduce risks in the financial system,” the G20 said as it welcomed the Financial Stability Board proposal to hold additional loss absorbing capacity that would further protect taxpayers if these banks fail.
It also endorsed the 2015-16 G20 Anti-Corruption Action Plan that will support growth and resilience. “Our actions are building cooperation and networks, including to enhance mutual legal assistance, recovery of the proceeds of corruption and denial of safe haven to corrupt officials,” it added.
The G20 leaders supported strong and effective action to address climate change, saying they will work together to adopt successfully a protocol that is applicable to all parties at the 21st Conference of the Parties in Paris in 2015.
They also expressed deep concern about the humanitarian and economic impact of the Ebola outbreak in Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone and extended their support to the urgent coordinated international response to contain the crisis.
“We call on international financial institutions to assist affected countries in dealing with the economic impacts of this and other humanitarian crises, including in the Middle East,” it added.
TAGS: Barack Obama G20 Summit Narendra Modi
More from economy
Stalled infrastructure projects set for a big push Sebi is considering changing rules to allow Indian banks to convert a larger portion of their loans into equity at less than...

Saradha probe suggests Rs 2 500 cr-scam just tip of icebergFIPB role shrinks amid easier FDI flows
As a multi-agency probe continues in Saradha scam, findings of one official investigation suggests that the group floated at least 279 companies to channelise money collected from gullible investors as part of a vast ‘ponzi’ network.
Most of these firms have been found to be ‘inoperational’ and were utilised for the sole purpose of multi-routing of funds to hide the money trail, while close to Rs 2,500 crore were raised by just four companies.
The probe, conducted by the Corporate Affairs Ministry’s white-collar crime investigation agency SFIO, also found that these four companies collected 96 per cent money from small investors who deposited less than Rs 50,000 each. The money was mobilised through a vast network of nearly 3 lakh agents, sources said citing an over 500-page SFIO probe report.
The scam, wherein lakhs of investors in West Bengal and neighbouring states were lured into illegal money pooling activities, came to light early last year amid allegations that a section of Trinamool Congress leaders were involved.
Initially, it came out to be known as ‘Saradha chit fund scam’ although none of Saradha group entities were registered as ‘chit funds’. However, it has become the first major case in India to officially get a ‘ponzi’ tag after submission of final probe report of the Serious Fraud Investigation Office (SFIO) to the government.
Like a typical ponzi scheme, Saradha was found to be paying returns to older investors from money collected from newer subscribers to its ‘bonds and policies’.
Such activities came to be known as ponzi schemes after Charles Ponzi, who became notorious in the US in the 1920s for deploying this technique while promising 50 per cent return on investments in 45 days and 100 per cent within 90 days.
In its over 500-page probe report, SFIO also concluded that Kolkata-based Saradha group was into money market operations but camouflaged it as real estate activities.
“The intention to defraud is evident from the fact that funds mobilised were not productively utilised for generating surplus. Rather, funds were swindled away in acquiring loss making media companies for extraneous reasons and misappropriating the funds,” SFIO said.
The probe agency has recommended action against Saradha group and its directors on accounts of more than 20 violations including falsification of accounts.
Observing that the West Bengal Police only made available “limited information”, SFIO said that “detailed investigation could be made only in respect of the four fund raising companies Saradha Printing & Publication Pvt Ltd, Bengal Media Pvt Ltd and Global Automobiles Pvt Ltd”.
According to SFIO, Saradha Group chief Sudipta Sen, who is currently in jail, was a director in 160 companies and his son Subhojit Sen in 64 companies.
SFIO, however, could not definitely establish the money trail for utilisation of funds, as most transactions took place in cash. The funds routed through banking channels were mostly used for acquisition of ‘assets and other investments’.
The case took an interesting turn recently after suspended Trinamool Congress MP and another Saradha scam accused Kunal Ghosh allegedly tried to commit suicide in jail.
SFIO has recommended a CBI probe against top executives of Saradha group, a West Bengal minister and top police officers, among others, as also into payments made to football clubs and various well-known individuals, among others.
In the wake of huge public protests, Corporate Affairs Ministry had asked SFIO in April 2013 to probe the case.
The scam, wherein lakhs of investors in West Bengal and neighbouring states were lured into illegal money pooling activities, came to light early last year amid allegations that a section of Trinamool Congress leaders were involved.
In its voluminous report, SFIO said none of the Saradha group companies is registered as chit funds under the Chit Fund Act, 1982. The companies cheated the public at large by inducing them to deposit their money in “various unsustainable and camouflaged” schemes.
Noting that the Saradha group of companies were having meagre income from their declared business activities, SFIO said these entities were not in a position to repay money garnered from the public.
The funds were purportedly collected for real estate and, tour and travel businesses but investors were not provided land or tour and travel packages while refund was made to some investors from fresh deposits of new investors.
Four fund-collecting companies in the Saradha Group had a tree-like structure of marketing associates in 19 levels where the person mobilising the deposit got direct commission.
“The directors of the company knew from the very beginning that it would not be possible for the company to return the deposits on maturity as promised, because it had not viable business to generate such high returns,” SFIO said.
Among others, the probe agency found serious financial mismanagement and siphoning off funds by promoters.
The West Bengal police provided only limited information related to the case, due to which the agency had to depend on third party sources including Enforcement Directorate, Income Tax Department, Sebi and employees of the group.
“… the investigation team could not lay hands on the original books of the accounts or other original documents of the Saradha Group as the same were in the custody of the West Bengal Police and repeated requests did not yield any result.
“Only limited information was made available by the police authorities,” SFIO said, while adding that “despite the best efforts, the requisite level of cooperation could not be obtained from the state police”.
The West Bengal police started investigation into the case before the central government ordered the SFIO probe.
Due to non-availability of documents, employees and directors, SFIO could conduct detailed probe only in respect of four fund-raising companies of the group — namely Saradha Realty India Ltd, Saradha Tours & Travels Pvt Ltd, Saradha Garden Resorts & Hotel Pvt Ltd and Saradha Housing Pvt Ltd.
TAGS: Saradha Scam
More from economy
Stalled infrastructure projects set for a big push Sebi is considering changing rules to allow Indian banks to convert a larger portion of their loans into equity at less than...

Maharashtra double play: BJP wins trust through voice vote  does not get seen with NCPCrossing the line: Mamata Banerjee takes the lead in use of foul language
A new kind of intimidation tactic has emerged in the political theatre of West Bengal, and this time the chief minister herself stands as the accused. Mamata Banerjee has led her party colleagues in hitting a new low of foul language usage in political discourse.
Sulemani Keeda review by Anupama Chopra: It's lovely but narrow
Sulemani Keeda means 'a bug so big that it’s a pain in the ass'. Or at least that’s how writer-director Amit V Masurkar describes his film’s title. The set-up and characters are promising but Sulemani Keeda never becomes more than the sum of its parts because it’s too thin.

Ratan Tata Invests in This Online RetailerSBI to Take Final Call on $1 Billion Loan to Adani in 3 Months
New Delhi: Tata Group chairman emeritus Ratan Tata has invested in online furniture company Urban Ladder, making it his second personal investment in an e-commerce firm after Snapdeal.
Urban Ladder said that Tata's "inputs and guidance will be very valuable" for the company, but did not disclose the amount and other details about this investment.
This is Mr Tata's second investment in Indian e-commerce business, after a previous investment he made in online marketplace major Snapdeal earlier in August this year.
The latest investment comes four months after Urban Ladder raised 'Series B funding' from Steadview Capital and existing investors SAIF Partners and Kalaari Capital.
"Tata understands the furniture space very well, specially our focus on product design since he has a lot of knowledge of the subject. His inputs and guidance will be very valuable for us," Urban Ladder CEO and co-founder Ashish Goel said.
Launched in July 2012, Urban Ladder was co-founded by Ashish Goel and Rajiv Srivatsa. It offers over 1,000 products across 25 categories in furniture such as wardrobes, beds, sofas, dining tables and coffee tables.
The firm aims to be the biggest furniture seller in India in the next 18 months.
Ratan Tata, the chairman emeritus of Tata Group, has made a personal investment in online furniture company Urban Ladder. Mr Tata had earlier invested in his personal capacity in another e-ecommerce company Snapdeal.
Mr Tata had earlier said that e-commerce is one of the areas where is he looking to personally invest because of its "good potential" as a large proportion of the country's consuming public does not have the required access to goods.
Mr Tata's investment in Urban Ladder comes four months after the company raised more funding from Steadview Capital and existing investors SAIF Partners and Kalaari Capital.
Urban Ladder was launched in July 2012 by co-founders Ashish Goel and Rajiv Srivatsa and offers over 1000 products across 25 categories in furniture such as wardrobes, beds, sofas, dining tables and coffee tables.
Ratan Tata, a design enthusiast, holds a degree in Architecture from Cornell University.
"Mr Tata understands the furniture space very well, specially our focus on product design since he has a lot of knowledge of the subject. His inputs and guidance will be very valuable for us" said Ashish Goel, CEO and co-founder of Urban Ladder.
Story first published on: November 15, 2014 18:25 (IST)

Modi much sought after at G20Updated: November 15, 2014 15:34 IST
Modi much sought after at G20
IANS
Tweet
REUTERS
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott (L) embraces Prime Minister Narendra Modi as he officially welcomes leaders to the G20 summit in Brisbane on Saturday.
AP
The Gaurdian wrote in an article that Prime Minister Narendra Modi is "a leader others want to see, and be seen with." Here he is seen with Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott at the G20 in Brisbane on Saturday.
TOPICS
celebrity
The Indian Prime Minister "is one of the most popular figures at this G20. A leader others want to see, and be seen with," the Guardian wrote in an article.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi was much sought after at the G20 with world leaders, including US President Barack Obama, spending time chatting and laughing with him.
At the G20 Retreat, ahead of the summit that kicks off later in the afternoon, Modi was flocked by Obama, Russian President Vladimir Putin and Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott.
Abbott had thrown in a barbecue lunch for the retreat.
The Australian Prime Minister tweeted a photo of Modi sharing a lighter moment with Obama and himself during the retreat.
The BBQ lunch with @narendramodi and @BarackObama was an opportunity for #G20 Leaders to talk in a relaxed atmosphere pic.twitter.com/zxYcUa28et
— Tony Abbott (@TonyAbbottMHR) November 15, 2014
Earlier, Abbott warmly welcomed Modi to the G20.
As they shook hands, Modi, attired in a black bandhgala suit, embraced the Australian premier.
Stand-out hug
The Age, which has been posting comments and photos of the event live, said of the Abbott-Modi hug:
“The stand out shake so far has been India’s Prime Minister Modi, who gave Abbott a hug. An ‘awww’ could be heard across the media centre.”
“There were no hugs from Abbott besties David Cameron and Stephen Harper. We repeat, no hugs,” it said.
The Guardian, in an article on Modi, wrote that the Indian Prime Minister “is one of the most popular figures at this G20. A leader others want to see, and be seen with."

Kitten Survives Being FrozenMeet Elsa, the Kitten Who Survived Being Frozen
Nov 14, 2014, 1:03 PM ET
By JOHN FISCHER via Good Morning America
Elsa the kitten recovers at the Denver Dumb Friends League animal shelter, Nov. 14, 2014 in Denver.
P. Solomon Banda/AP Photo
Share
Copy
After the orange tabby kitten was brought in from the frigid Denver cold, "limp, eyes closed, not shivering," a veterinarian said, shelter staffers pulled out all the stops.
"You could sort of feel the cold coming off her," said the veterinarian, Dr. Kasey Carter, who treated the kitten at the shelter, the Denver Dumb Friends League.
Staff members pulled out hair dryers to warm the kitten's fur and placed her in heating pads with mittens to warm her paws. They even injected her with warm IV fluids and wrapped her in a bear hugger, a blanket device with a tube that blows in warm air.
KMGH
PHOTO: Elsa was found in the snow in temperatures below 10 degrees and was suffering from hypothermia when she arrived at the Denver Dumb Friend League.
The preferred temperature for a cat is 101.5. The kitten's temperature did not even register on a thermometer that measures temperature at 90 and up upon arrival at the shelter around 11:30 a.m. Thursday.
KMGH
PHOTO: Veterinarian staff members wrapped the kitten in heating pads and injected her with warm IV fluids in an effort to raise its temperature which was below 90 degrees and would not register on a thermometer.
"When she came into the shelter, we weren't even sure if she was alive," said Megan Rees, a spokeswoman for the shelter, adding that the kitten apparently had been out in temperatures below 10 degrees Fahrenheit for a few hours.
Today, the kitten, dubbed Elsa after the Disney character because of her "fighting, little spirit" and the extreme weather she had experienced, according to Rees, is doing much better.
Elsa is reported to be in stable condition, and shelter officials hope she will be claimed by her owner. If not, they will eventually put her up for adoption.
P. Solomon Banda/AP Photo
PHOTO: Shelter spokeswoman Megan Rees holds Elsa the kitten as she recovers at the Denver Dumb Friends League animal shelter, Nov. 14, 2014, in Denver.
It's a long way from when the 3-to-4-month-old, 1.2-pound kitten was found outside the prior day. She was in critical condition upon arrival, unable to move or blink her eyes.
Elsa initially showed few signs of improvement. Her temperature staying below 90 degrees for about an hour and her blood sugar levels were low from hypothermia.
"We just continued to keep her warm," said Rees.
Elsa's temperature registered after an hour and her body showed signs of movement.
"She just started moving on her own," Carter said, laughing. "We put some food in front of her and she immediately went for it, a little ravenous."
KMGH
PHOTO: A cat has been named Elsa after she was rescued in Denver, Nov. 12, 2014, suffering from hypothermia. She was taken to the Denver Dumb Friends League where she is currently resting.
Rees said that the likelihood of small kittens like Elsa surviving in such harsh conditions is low.
"They're so small and fragile to begin with," said Rees. "It's hard to imagine a kitten surviving in such severely cold weather for an extended period of time. ... It's just really a miracle that she was able to pull through."
KMGH
PHOTO: Elsa is currently in stable condition at the shelter and will be kept there for five days on the chance that someone claims her.
Join the Discussion

DLF Plans to Launch REITs Next YearYou are here: Home Corporates
DLF Plans to Launch REITs in 2015
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 15, 2014 18:13 (IST)
SBI to Take Final Call on $1 Billion Loan to Adani in 3 Months
New Delhi: DLF Ltd, India's largest real estate company, plans to launch the Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs) next year to monetize its commercial properties and is looking for strategic and financial partnership with global players.
DLF is targeting to "create one or more sizeable REIT platform next year - one for office and the other for retail to recycle capital for further growth and spin off the RentCo attributable debt", it said in an analyst presentation.
The company has strong a portfolio of office and retail properties from which it at present earns about Rs 2,100 crore as rental income.
DLF said the objective of launching REIT would be not only to maximise the present value of the assets but also capture the immense potential of growth that a growing Indian economy has to offer in the future.
In September, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) had notified norms for listing of business trust structures - REITs and InvITs (infrastructure investment trusts) - that would help attract more funds in a transparent manner into realty and infrastructure sectors. These trusts would get tax incentives.
As growth cycle in the office and retail segments of rental business improves, DLF said, it is reviewing all strategic options so that the company not only maintains its leadership position but also harnesses the growth that the market shall offer.
DLF is also seeking to create long-term free cash flows in the form of dividend flows as holders of REIT units and fees from the management of the same.
"To achieve the above, the company is exploring partnership with other global players, both strategic and financial partners, who may have an interest in participating with DLF in this foray. This could include en-cashing the company's part investment in RentCo business," it added.
It noted that despite turbulent times since the global financial crisis, the company created a large annuity stream of income of a business with an asset base of 27 million sq ft and expected annuity income of about Rs 2,100 crore this fiscal year.
On August 10, capital market regulator Sebi had cleared new norms for setting up and listing of REITs and InvITs.
The new guidelines, which herald a new investment avenue in India on the lines of one in developed markets like the US, UK, Japan, Hong Kong and Singapore, would allow trading in units of REITs and InvITs like any other security on stock exchanges.
Property consultants expect that REITs could attract funds worth$8-10 billion.
Story first published on: November 15, 2014 01:12 (IST)

http://usat.ly/1ur7cVXFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Taco Bell concocts 'dipping' tacos
Perhaps Taco Bell's Waffle Taco isn't goofy enough for you. Well, Taco Bell's got an equally-wacky taco platform coming down the pike:  the "dipping" taco. No, that's not it's real name.  It's actually
Post to Facebook
Taco Bell concocts 'dipping' tacos Perhaps Taco Bell's Waffle Taco isn't goofy enough for you. Well, Taco Bell's got an equally-wacky taco platform coming down the pike:  the "dipping" taco. No, that's not it's real name.  It's actually Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1ur7cVX
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
18
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Taco Bell concocts 'dipping' tacos
Bruce Horovitz , USA TODAY 9:26 p.m. EST November 13, 2014
Taco Bell Rolled Chicken Tacos
(Photo: Taco Bell)
2624 CONNECT 129 TWEET 5 LINKEDIN 18 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Perhaps Taco Bell's Waffle Taco isn't quite goofy enough for you.
Well, Taco Bell's got an equally wacky taco platform coming down the pike:  the "dipping" taco.
No, that's not its real name.  The new platform has two offerings: One is called the Rolled Chicken Taco, and the other is a new twist on the Crunchy Taco. But they're both designed for dipping.  The Mexican fast-food kingpin announced Thursday that this new taco platform — the first taco sold by Taco Bell  built expressly for dipping — will be rolled out nationally on Thursday, Nov. 20.
New products are the lifeblood of fast food.  And as younger consumers keep demanding unlikely new products with more flavor and unconventional ingredients, Millennial-worshiping chains like Taco Bell are only too happy to please.
Taco Bell thinking outside the breakfast bun
As it did with the Waffle Taco — a warm waffle wrapped around sausage or bacon, scrambled eggs, cheese and syrup — the folks at Taco Bell are playing a tad loose with language.  The "dipping" tacos aren't shaped exactly like conventional tacos.  They look more like burritos.  But they're stuffed with mostly taco ingredients.
They come with a choice of five dipping sauces: new Spicy Ranch, Salsa, Guacamole, Nacho Cheese and reduced-fat Sour Cream.
Rolled Chicken Tacos, made with all white-meat shredded chicken, will sell for $1.99 for a 2-pack and $3.99 for a 4-pack. Folks can also purchase them as part of the new Taco Duo 12 Pack, available for a limited time. The Taco Duo 12 Pack will come with 6 Crunchy Tacos and 6 Rolled Chicken Tacos with 3 dips offered at ($10.99).

Sunday ET | Ebola catastrophe: Lessons for ...No signals heard from comet lander on Saturday
By AP | 15 Nov, 2014, 05.20PM IST
The European Space Agency received no signals from the Philae lander on Saturday morning during a scheduled effort to establish communication, the mission chief said.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BERLIN: The European Space Agency received no signals from the Philae lander on Saturday morning during a scheduled effort to establish communication, the mission chief said.
Paolo Ferri , ESA's head of mission operations, said that the Rosetta orbiter did not get any signals from the lander on comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko.
ESA on Friday ordered a rotating operation to pull the lander out of a shadow so that solar panels could recharge the depleted batteries.
Even if that operation was successful, it may take days or weeks until the batteries of Philae are strong enough to send signals again.
"We don't know if the charge will ever be high enough to operate the lander again," Ferri said ahead of the 1000GMT (5 a.m. EST) listening time.
"It is highly unlikely that we will establish any kind of communication any time soon, but nevertheless the orbiter will continue to listen for possible signals."
On Wednesday, Philae landed next to a cliff that largely blocked sunlight from reaching its solar panels.
The historic landing climaxed a 10-year journey aboard the Rosetta space probe. Since alighting on the comet, some 311 million miles (500 million kilometers) distant from Earth, the lander has performed a series of tests and sent back reams of data, including photos.
On Friday, the spacecraft was given commands to rotate itself to catch more sunlight and to drill a hole into the comet. ESA announced _ prematurely, it turned out, that the hole had been drilled 25 centimeters (10 inches) into the comet's surface
"We know that all the movements of the operation were performed and all the data was sent down," Ferri said Saturday. "However, at this point we do not even know if it really succeeded and if it (the drill) even touched the ground during the drilling operation."
Material beneath the surface of the comet has remained almost unchanged for 4.5 billion years, so the samples would be a cosmic time capsule that scientists are eager to study.
Scientists hope the $1.6 billion (1.3 billion-euro) project will help answer questions about the origins of the universe and life on Earth.
One of the things they are most excited about is the possibility that the mission might help confirm that comets brought the building blocks of life - organic matter and water to Earth. They already know that comets contain amino acids, a key component of cells. Finding the right kind of amino acids and water would be an important hint that life on Earth did come from space.
Scientists say they already have gathered huge amounts of data and are calling the first-ever comet landing a roaring success.
"Let's stop looking at things that we could have done if everything had worked properly,'' flight director Andrea Accomazzo said on Friday. "Let us look at things that we have done, what we have achieved and what we have on the ground. This is unique and will be unique forever."

Delhi: Connaught place to have public wi-fi from todayComments
The New Delhi Municipal Council (NDMC), in partnership with a private telecom service provider, on Sunday introduced what they claim to be is India’s largest free public Wi-Fi network at Connaught Place (CP).
Officials claim that once the free usage of 20 minutes is exhausted, users can continue by paying nominal charges. The present Wi-Fi hotspot will cover a distance of 4.5 square kilometers around CP which is one of the largest commercial and business centers in the city.
Extra usage time will be made available for purchase online or through recharge cards available at nearby stores, restaurants and NDMC subways.  Users will have to disclose their email addresses and mobile numbers to gain access to the internet.
The recharge cards are available at Rs. 10 for 30 minutes, Rs. 20 for an hour and Rs. 50 for 180 minutes of Wi-Fi access.
“The Wi-Fi hotspot service will be applicable in the inner and outer circle of Connaught Place, including Central Park.  It is the largest Wi-Fi service ever in India. At a time, the service can be availed by 5000 people with the speed of 512 Kbps,” said Jalaj Shrivastava, chairperson, NDMC.
Appreciating the move New Delhi MP Meenakshi Lekhi said that this is the first step towards achieving PM Modi’s Digital India.
“We will try to extend the services and try to make the entire stretch from Connaught Place to IGI Airport completely WiFi. The area is dense and is used by many people, it is aimed at empowering them with connectivity and information,” said Lekhi.
The council claims that they aim to make the entire NDMC area WiFi by March 31, 2016.
The project would have started earlier but was delayed because the technical team made a mess of the area with wires and had to re-plan keeping the beauty and heritage of the market in mind.
“Our main challenge was to ensure high speed Internet connectivity in the large area. But we also made sure not to hamper the architecture. Cables were laid underground but we also had to take care of the metro lines,” said Avinash Gabriel, COO, Wi-Fi Business, Tata.

God of Cricket  Sachin Tendulkar visits adopted Andhra Pradesh villagePrint
Sachin Tendulkar with under-privileged during an event on the eve of Children's day at Domestic Airport in Mumbai on Thursday. (Source: PTI photo)
By: Press Trust of India | Nellore | Posted: November 16, 2014 12:30 pm | Updated: November 16, 2014 12:35 pm
Batting maestro Sachin Tendulkar was Sunday accorded a warm welcome as he visited the tiny village of Puttamrajuvari Kandrika which he has decided to adopt under the Sansad Adarsh Gram Yojana.
For the villagers of Puttamrajuvari Kandrika located in Gudur mandal it was a morning with a difference, when the cricket icon and Rajya Sabha member arrived around 9 AM in their sleepy village and mingled with them.
Tendulkar was given a warm welcome by the residents of the village that was colourfully decked up. Banners and hoardings welcoming the legendary player dotted the roads leading to the village right from Gudur.
A large number of people, including women and children from the neighbouring villages and the district thronged Puttamrajuvari Kandrika to catch a glimpse of Tendulkar. They jostled with one another to take photos of him.
Venkateshwarlu, a fan of Tendulkar who came from the neighbouring Chennur village, said he had distributed over 1,000 paper masks of the master blaster ahead of his visit.
“Puttamrajuvari Kandrika has now become popular after Tendulkar adopted the village. Earlier, even people living in the neighbouring villages or in the district had not heard about the village. I have never seen Tendulkar earlier, but now I have got an opportunity to see him personally. I am happy about that,” an elated Venkateshwarulu said.
Tendulkar interacted with the villagers, who told him about the lack of proper roads, sanitation facilities, and also about the power supply scenario in the village and said they wished to see it turn into a model village after getting the necessary basic amenities.
Tendulkar laid foundation for the construction of Rs 2.79 crore worth developmental works (in the first phase), including a community centre, Anganwadi school with kitchen, a play ground, waiting halls and toilets, among other things.
The retired cricketer is also scheduled to administer oath to the villagers asking them to shun tobacco and alcohol.
He is also scheduled to play a friendly cricket match with the village children.

Don t make fortune out of poor: Rajan to mic...CK Prahalad
(The concept of the fortune…)
MUMBAI: Asking micro-lenders to look at only a "reasonable profit" to sustain their business while serving borrowers at the bottom of pyramid, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan has said that one should not think of making a fortune while serving poorest of the poor.
The comments come in sharp contrast to management guru late CK Prahalad's views in his book 'The Fortune at the Bottom of the Pyramid'.
The concept of the fortune at the bottom of the pyramid originally appeared in an article by Prahalad and Stuart L Hart in business journal 'Strategy+Business' in 2004.
That was followed by a book with the same title that discussed new business models targeted at providing goods and services to the poorest.
Microsoft founder Bill Gates, a philanthropist who has seen so far spent millions annually to help the poor, has described the book as something that offers an intriguing blueprint for how to fight poverty with profitability.
Rajan, himself is a renowned economist, said during a recent micro finance event, "I think Prahalad did a disservice by saying that there is a fortune at the bottom of the pyramid.
"My sense is that you cannot, in good conscience, make a fortune at the bottom of the pyramid. Make reasonable profits, but if you start making a fortune, it does start raising societal anxiety about how the fortune is being made".
Following the advice of Prahalad, many companies across the world and especially consumer goods, auto and telecom marketers in the country, have begun to tap the underserved markets and made a big market out of them, Rajan said.
He added however that reasonable profit must be there at the bottom of the pyramid as the business has to be self-sustaining.
"If business is not self-sustaining, then entities will make a pretence of doing the business, but they are not really going to get engaged until there are profits," Rajan noted.
The poor who want to borrow often face local monopolies, which in the long-run can be taken care of by market competition, but in short-run borrowers have to deal with it, Rajan said.
"When they face local monopolies, then essentially we don't have the presence of a competition commission right at the grassroots. And therefore, sometimes laws like you cannot charge more than a certain amount may be necessary to protect the poor," he said.
Rajan said an interest rate cap on loans given by MFIs may force some people to go to money lenders who are outside the formal system and can charge an arm and a leg, but at the same time it ensures protection of consumers.
He said: "So, we should have a reasonable ceiling...not too low but not so high that it is irrelevant. When we have more competition we can remove this ceiling.
"For now, despite the MFIs saying that the ceiling is harmful, and I admit it does harm certain individuals who are forced into the hands of the money lender, it is something that we should continuously re-examine but we probably have to live with it at this point."
The Reserve Bank had in April 2012 capped the interest rate on MFI loans at 26 per cent following the Malegam committee report.
RBI set up the Malegam committee after the October 2010 MFI crisis in Andhra, when the state banned MFIs from coercively collecting instalments after some borrowers allegedly committed suicides fearing recovery agents.
This led to a massive default by borrowers in the undivided state from which the then largest MFI market is yet to recover.
FEATURED ARTICLES

FPI Inflows in Stocks Hit $1.5 Billion in NovemberYou are here: Home Market
FPI Inflows in Stocks Hit $1.5 Billion in November
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 16, 2014 15:30 (IST)
Infosys Founders Seeking $1.1 Billion via Stake Sale: Report
New Delhi: Overseas investors have pumped in $1.55 billion in equity market so far this month, taking the total to over $15 billion since the beginning of the year.
As per the latest data, foreign investors have purchased stocks worth Rs 42,866 crore between November 3 and 14, while they offloaded shares to the tune of Rs 33,352 crore during the same period, resulting into a net inflow of Rs 9,514 crore ($1.55 billion).
Market analysts said overseas investors (foreign institutional investors, sub-accounts or foreign portfolio investors) are betting on the government's reforms agenda.
"Equity market flows have continued to remain strong. I think Indian fundamentals would show marked improvement in the next 2-3 years. Moreover with the renewed interest in stock markets both from local and global players, valuations are unlikely to come down," Ladderup Wealth Management managing director Raghvendra Nath said.
"As such, it is better to enter the market and wait for the theme to play out over the next few years than to wait for corrections," he added.
Since the beginning of the year, foreign investors have made a net investment of $15.3 billion (Rs 91,780) crore into the country's equity market.
The debt market has also seen similar trends with overseas fund inflows of $23 billion (Rs 1.4 lakh crore) since January.
From the beginning of June, FIIs (Foreign Institutional Investors) along with sub-accounts and qualified foreign investors have been clubbed together by market regulator Sebi to create a new investor category called Foreign Portfolio Investors.
Story first published on: November 16, 2014 15:28 (IST)

Pantaloons to Invest Rs 150 Crore to Add 20 Outlets This FiscalYou are here: Home Corporates
Pantaloons to Invest Rs 150 Crore to Add 20 Outlets This Fiscal
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 16, 2014 15:49 (IST)
SBI to Take Final Call on $1 Billion Loan to Adani in 3 Months
New Delhi: Retail chain Pantaloons Fashion & Retail Ltd will invest Rs 150 crore to add up to 20 outlets this fiscal to take the number of stores to 100.
In an investors' update, Pantaloons' parent company Aditya Birla Nuvo said: "Full year capex (capital expenditure) guidance (for Pantaloons) stands at Rs 150 crore towards addition of 18-20 new stores to reach 100 stores mark."
Pantaloons has already spent Rs 44 crore in the first half, it added.
The company, which reported turnover of Rs 940 crore in the first half ended September 30, 2014, said the investment will also be utilised in refurbishing 21 stores.
In July, Pantaloons had said it planned to raise up to Rs 500 crore through various means, including a rights issue this year to fund its growth capital requirements.
Out of the aggregate amount of Rs 500 crore, up to Rs 300 crore is proposed to be raised through rights issue, it added.
Its board had constituted a committee of directors to decide and approve the terms and conditions of the rights issue, including the rights entitlement ratio, issue price, record date, timing of the rights issue.
In 2012, Aditya Birla Nuvo Ltd had entered into an agreement with the Future Group to infuse Rs 1,600 crore into Pantaloons and acquire a majority stake in the store chain.
Story first published on: November 16, 2014 15:48 (IST)

Chhattisgarh sterlisation deaths: Maoists seek CM s resignationComments
The outlawed CPI (Maoist) has blamed Chhattisgarh chief minister Raman Singh and state health minister Amar Agrawal for the deaths of 13 women during a recent sterilisation drive and sought their resignation.
The Maoists dropped pamphlets and put up banners in Chhattisgarh's insurgency-hit Dantewada district protesting against the sterilisation tragedy. "The pamphlets and posters were recovered from a road near Kumharras village under Dantewada police station limits last evening," Dantewada superintendent of police Kamlochan Kashyap told PTI.
In the pamphlets, the West Bastar division committee of the banned outfit has alleged that the chief minister and the health minister were responsible for the deaths of the poor women during the sterilisation camps in Bilaspur district.
"They have lost the moral ground to continue in their positions," it said. The Chhattisgarh government has constituted a probe panel under a retired judge to investigate the botched surgeries that have also left 138 women ill.
While 12 of the 83 women, who were operated upon at Nemichand Jain Cancer and Research Centre at Pendari village of Takhatpur block on November 8 died, Chaiti Bai is the lone casualty from the camps at Pendra block, where around 56 women underwent surgeries at three different camps on November 10.
Laparoscopic surgeon Dr R K Gupta of Bilaspur district hospital, who performed tubectomy procedures on 83 women at a camp at Pendari village in a matter of few hours, was arrested.
Dr Gupta and Bilaspur's chief medical and health officer Dr R K Bhange were later dismissed from service by the state government. Ramesh Mahawar, director of a drug company-Mahawar Pharma Pvt Ltd which allegedly supplied sub-standard medicines that were administered to the victims of sterilisation surgeries, and his son Sumit have been arrested and all the products of their manufacturing unit have been banned.

Farmer suicides in Gujarat: One department says no deaths  other 56Most of the farmers who committed suicides (irrespective of reason) were those living in the water-scarce region of Saurashtra. (Source: IE archive)
Written by Avinash Nair | Ahmedabad | Posted: November 16, 2014 4:23 pm | Updated: November 16, 2014 4:30 pm
At a time when the issue of farmer suicides in Gujarat has reached the Apex court in the country, there are two sets of data that are in possession of the Gujarat government. One, from the state agriculture department, claims that no farmer in the state committed suicide due to crop failures and debt between 2008-13, while a different set of data from the state home department say that 125 farmers have died in the state during the same five period, 33 of them were related to debt and crop failure. Most of these deaths have happened in 2012-13.
The first set of data from the agriculture department claims that 56 farmers committed suicide during the five year period. However, none of them were due to “losses that happened in farming”. In other words, the deaths were due to non-agrarian reasons and none of the suicides were linked to crop-failure or agricultural debt.
However, a different story unfolds when the second set of data from the state home department is analysed. During the five year period between 2008-13, 125 farmer suicides have happened which includes 26 deaths due to crop-failure, seven due to “increase in debt” and 92 due to “other reasons”.
Both these sets of data, in possession with The Indian Express, are part of the data that have been submitted by the two departments in the Gujarat legislative assembly in form of replies to questions posed by Congress MLAs in the House.
Of the 33 deaths that have happened due to crop-failure and debt in the state, 25 of them have happened during a single financial year of 2012-13, which saw an extended dry spell and water shortage in various parts of the state. Farmers living in Junagadh, Jamnagar, Rajkot, Porbandar, Amreli, Vadodara Rural were among the victims during this particular year, states the data from the home department.
However, there is a common thread in both these data sets. When the entire five year period is taken into consideration, most of the farmers who committed suicides (irrespective of reason) were those living in the water-scarce region of Saurashtra, especially in Jamnagar and Junagadh districts. For instance, 31 farmers committed suicide (only two were crop-failure related according to home department data) in Jamnagar alone during 2012-13, is certainly a cause for concern.
When quizzed about the two different sets of data making it to the state’s legislature, Rajkumar, Principal Secretary, Department of Agriculture & Co-operation said, “The Home department never consulted us on this issues, so I won’t be able to comment on the basis of their set of data. The (police) FIRs are lodged base on the information that they get initially.
“But as far as we are concerned, officers from our department personally visit the homes of each and every farmer who is reported to continued…

Govt proposes norms for easy exits  revival ...Government proposes norms for easier exits, revival of MSMEs
PTI Nov 16, 2014, 04.34PM IST
Tags:
Government
(The proposed amendments…)
NEW DELHI: The government has proposed amendments to the MSME Act with the twin objectives of time-bound exit and revival of loss-making units to help them consolidate their businesses and re-deploy capital in other greenfield ventures.
It has invited suggestions related to the proposed changes with a view to formulate a policy in this regard.
"The objective of proposed amendment for MSME Act is two-fold - revival and exit of MSMEs.
"Revival: MSMEs that seek early assistance to tide over difficult financial times and provide a framework where a viable MSME can seek standard as well as customised relief and concession to revive.
"Exit: To provide an easier and expeditious exit procedure for the benefit of promoters and guarantors through liquidation and change in management," the MSME Ministry said.
"It is proposed that a separate chapter on Restructuring & Exit of MSME can be added to the MSME Act, which mandates scheme for closure of sick MSMEs," it added.
The proposed amendments include establishment of revival and exit committee as an adjunct to MSME facilitation council and establishment of appellate authority.
Moreover, the MSME can file an application voluntarily if accumulated losses of the enterprise equals to half or more of its entire net worth for last financial year and enterprise apprehends failure of its business specifying revival plan or exit through liquidation proceedings.
Upon filing, an automatic moratorium for a period of 180 days shall operate (extendable to 30 days more at a time till revival plan or liquidation proceedings initiated).
Besides, on appeals and discharge, the first appeal by an aggrieved enterprise/creditor should be presented before appellate authority within 30 days; whereas the second appeal against appellate authority's order would lie before the Supreme Court.
"The MSME facing insolvency/bankruptcy should be provided legal opportunities to revive its unit. This could be by way of re-organisation and rehabilitation scheme with comfort to creditors and a mechanism for interim suspension of enforcement rights," the MSME Ministry said.
As of now, there is no legal framework for re-organisation/winding up/exit for small units leading to a huge wastage of human resources (promoters and employees), capital (banks & financial institutions) and physical resources (industrial land & buildings, plant, machinery, etc.)
The changes proposed are in tune with "Body Corporate" as under Companies Act and Limited Liability Partnership (LLP) Act, 2008 with regard to limiting liabilities and improving process for winding up with affordable litigation process/ administrative mechanism.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Beheaded US aid worker Peter Kassig had  calling  to help Syriansprint
This handout photo released by the Kassig family shows Peter Kassig in front of a truck somewhere along the Syrian border between late 2012 and autumn 2013. (AFP Photo)
Peter Kassig, an American aid worker jihadists claim to have killed, had a "calling" to help Syrians suffering due to the devastating civil war in their country.
The 26-year-old former soldier disappeared on October 1, 2013 and was being held by the Islamic State group, which released a video Sunday claiming Kassig's execution and showing a masked militant standing over a severed head.
Kassig had been in the region since March 2012, when he traveled to Lebanon on a break from university, his family wrote on a Facebook page dedicated to raising awareness about his plight.
After witnessing the plight of those displaced by the war in neighboring Syria, he emailed a letter to family and friends telling them he was not coming home yet.
"I have tried to live my life in a way that displays what it is that I believe, but the truth is, much of my life I have only been searching for my calling, I had not yet found it," he wrote.
"Here, in this land, I have found my calling."
The young American, who was also trained as an emergency medical technician, went to Turkey and founded an aid group, his father, Ed Kassig, said in a video last month.
"He helped train 150 civilians in skills needed to provide medical aid to the people of Syria. His organization gave food, cooking supplies, clothing and medicine to those in need," Ed Kassig said as he pleaded for his son's release.
Desolation and hope
In an email to a friend in 2012, also posted on the Facebook page, Kassig wrote about the desolation of war and his hope for the future.
"How will I tell you of the walls riddled with bullets and the flowers that grow over them?" he wrote.
"War never ends, it just moves around... Loss and destruction in this land brings about only survival; the determination to press on and rebuild," he added.
"I can't be sure but I think I'm starting believe that as beautiful as it is to finish building a house, its a better feeling laying the first brick again after its been torn down..."
In a quotation on the Facebook page, he admits he at times wished for something different. The quote is attached as a caption to a photo showing Kassig brandishing a blood-clotting agent he obtained to help treat wounded in Syria.
"The truth is sometimes I really think I would like to do something else, but at the end of the day, this work is really the only thing that I have found that gives my life both meaning and direction."
Kassig, who converted to Islam during his captivity and took the Muslim name Abdel Rahman, said in a letter smuggled to his family his faith was intact.
"In terms of my faith, I pray every day, and I am not angry about my situation in that sense. I am in a dogmatically complicated situation here, but I am at peace with my belief."
'Scared to die'
In an October 3 video showing British aid worker Alan Henning's beheading, the threat was made that Kassig would be next.
IS has justified killing Western hostages as retaliation for US-led air strikes on the group over swathes of territory it has seized in Iraq and Syria.
In the letter received by his family in June, Kassig wrote that he was "scared to die".
"But the hardest part is not knowing, wondering, hoping and wondering if I should even hope at all. I am very sad all this has happened and for what all of you back home are going through.
"If I do die, I figure that at least you and I can seek refuge and comfort in knowing that I went out as a result of trying to alleviate suffering and helping those in need."

Weddings of the rich and famousprint
At one end of a ground the size of a football field stands a grand stage with snazzy lights and the best sound system. Twelve thousand people are seated in front of it, their feet tapping in rhythm to the chartbusters that Shankar-Ehsaan-Loy are belting out, their hands occasionally reaching out to the array of canapés being served by waiters in smart suits.
Soon the lights dim and the act changes: a man and a woman dressed in glitzy finery make a slow aerial entry suspended from giant cranes, almost like blingy angels descending from heaven. In their hands they carry garlands, which they expertly exchange, almost as though they have practised the move a dozen times before. Applause and cheers follow.
Photo: Vinayak Das and Snigdha Sheel
On another night, in another place – a faraway, exotic one this time – a group of about a hundred people sits down for dinner in Greek-inspired settings. Soft white curtains billow in the breeze, white tulips from the Netherlands compete with white orchids from Taiwan, and sterling silver cutlery is complemented by expensive crystal flutes.
The bride and groom walk in, elegantly dressed in matching beige lehenga and sherwani. They peck at the caviar, truffles and foie gras elegantly. Later, they clink glasses, read out their vows, and raise a toast.
These are settings for the weddings of the rich and the famous. These are heady affairs, a far, far cry from what you, I and the average Joe know about weddings.
Shine like crazy diamonds
“A luxury wedding can take anywhere between 15 days to 18 months or more to conceptualise, design and produce,” says Neelabh Kapoor, founder and creative director of Studio Neelabh. An experiential wedding design company, Studio Neelabh has worked on some of the biggest, most extravagant Indian weddings in the one decade that it has been around.
“We recently did two of the biggest weddings in India to date. The Guptas, one of the most influential families in South Africa, had a destination wedding in Jaipur. A dozen chartered flights brought guests from various parts of the world; chief ministers of all the states were present, and so were all the Bollywood A-listers.”
The second wedding, hosted by one of the biggest business families in Surat, broke all records in terms of scale, to become the biggest wedding in the history of modern Indian weddings.
“About 36,000 people attended the event over three days! We produced three mega wedding concerts, with 220 live performing artistes – from Pritam, Shankar-Ehsaan-Loy, Kapil Sharma and Terence Lewis, to many Bollywood actors,” says Kapoor.
Photo: Studio Neelabh
To put things in perspective, the first edition of the NH7 Weekender – that music festival everyone goes gaga over every year – drew a crowd of only 10,000, and so did the first edition of Goa’s Sunburn Festival. The Surat wedding was like three such music festivals in one!
If you’ve got it, flaunt it. And we aren’t talking looks here. Video jockey and actor Rannvijay Singh, of Roadies fame, had 18 functions and parties when he got married to London-based Prianka Vohra in April this year. “The grand wedding celebrations took place all over the world – Mumbai, Delhi, Dubai, London… the main wedding was held in Mombasa, Kenya,” Singh said, sharing some of the details.
“What made our wedding such a fabulous affair were these intricate little things, like the fact that I arrived on a tractor decorated with phulkari in Mombasa, and instead of giving money to my sisters-in-law and my girlfriends who attended the wedding, I bought gold bracelets for everyone.”
Stuff of fairytales 
However, not all the rich and famous like to go over the top at their weddings. Actress Dia Mirza, who got married to her longtime business partner and producer Sahil Sangha last month, tells us about her relatively less ornate Delhi wedding.
“The mehendi ceremony was all floral, kitsch, Rajasthani themed. I insisted on using only local flowers. We had a qawwali singer and dhol-tappa walis who sang traditional Punjabi songs. The food was chaat and North Indian ghar ka khaana like kadhi chawal and rajma chawal.”
Photo: Adil Hasan
The wedding was a simple Arya Samaj ceremony. “Sahil came with a baarat that was supposed to take an hour-and-a-half, but actually took four hours to arrive,” Mirza laughs. “But you had to see my mandap! It was so beautiful with elements of crystals, lovely fresh flowers and twigs.”
Didn’t she want a big, fat, glamorous wedding? “As you travel, meet different people and get exposed to new life experiences, a lot of that starts resonating in the choices that you make,” she says.
“While I wanted the wedding to be beautiful, I also wanted it to be intimate and representative of our personal choices as individuals. Given that I’m half-German, half-Bengali, grew up in a Hyderabadi Muslim household and was marrying a Punjabi, a lot of those cultural influences permeated into different aspects of the décor, the clothes, the tehzeeb, and the food. My wedding was just perfect for me.”
When less is more
Many celebrities do seem to be going down the same unassuming road as Mirza when it comes to celebrating the most important day of their lives. Earlier this month, Fukrey star Pulkit Samrat got married to Salman Khan’s ‘rakhi sister’ Shweta Rohira at a destination wedding in Goa.
While the tabloids were buzzing with stories and pictures of “Bhai” and other celebs at the wedding, sources who attended the wedding said it was in fact a close-knit affair of about 200 people, consisting mostly of family and friends. “There were no stars performing at the wedding, nor was it over-the-top glam. It was a nice, warm event with lots of food, booze and drunken dancing… just like any typical Punjabi wedding,” a source said.
Photo: Prakash Tilokani
Around the same time, actor and TV anchor Gaurav Kapur got married to long-time girlfriend Kirat Bhattal, a TV host on a lifestyle channel. Theirs too was an intimate, private ceremony in Chandigarh, attended by the couple’s friends from the industry like Neha Dhupia, Yuvraj Singh, Maria Goretti and  Mini Mathur, most of whom were dressed simply.
“These two crazies got married today and it was nothing short of perfect,” photographer Prarthna Singh (@psingh400) tweeted with a photo from the wedding.
Also read: Why Indian fashion designers are obsessed with weddings
Back in Delhi, chess champion Tania Sachdeva got married to architect Viraj Kataria in a traditional wedding that lasted six days. “In the olden days, in the villages of Punjab, the women would carry matkas on their heads (the matka had a small fire burning inside it), and go from house to house to invite people. We did that as a little tradition for Tania’s mehendi,” says her mother Anju Sachdev.
“These special little touches made the wedding so much fun… like Tania entering the sangeet not as a coy bride but dancing to the song Lag Gayi Lottery. It wasn’t a destination wedding, but everyone who attended, came out feeling it was nothing short of one.”
Mirza echoes her sentiments, “For me simplicity is beauty. The desire is not to make a statement but to create an environment where everybody comes together and has a wonderful time.” She says that for a lot of people, especially those who are not a part of the movies, a wedding is that one big occasion of their lives where they get to live a dream, a movie.
Totally filmi
Malini Agarwal, of the website MissMalini, had a beach carnival theme for her mehendi and a complete Bollywood theme for her sangeet in Goa. “There were a lot of giveaways at my mehendi – colourful bindis, silver anklets and goodie bags,” she says. “At the sangeet, DJ Aqeel made sure everyone got their full Bollywood dose. Other fancy touches included little ‘wear me’ and ‘eat me’ signs all over the venue.”
When weddings become so beautiful (or showy, or over-the-top), what better way to remember them years later than through photographs – which can cost as much as the bridal lehenga, or more.
Also read: Wedding photography: The next big thing
Prakash Tilokani, 48, is known as the man who photographs the luxury weddings of India’s rich and famous. His client list includes the Ambanis, Laxmi Mittal, Bhushan Kumar of T-Series, Shilpa Shetty and many more.
“Capturing a wedding with a fixed thought process is absurd; every wedding is unique,” Tilokani says. “Emotions dominate and one has to emotionally immerse oneself to capture the essence. Also, every wedding has a theme to it these days so I try to capture and retain that theme in pictures with respect to its scale, grandeur and authenticity.”
He refuses to divulge his fee, but according to a 2013 Reuters story, Tilokani charges a minimum of Rs. 3 lakh for a day.
Real to reel
But a photograph can only say a thousand words. For the rest, there are films. And we don’t mean the several-hours-long, yawn-inducing videos of people entering, greeting, eating and leaving. Wedding films are now as good as feature films, shot with the best cameras by the best cinematographers, with great production values that capture not just the laughter, tears and anxiety of a wedding but also the entire journey of the two people. Among the best known makers of such films is The Wedding Filmer.
Started four years ago by film director and producer Vishal Punjabi, who had worked with Shah Rukh Khan’s Red Chillies Entertainment before, the company was born out of his own wedding. “Back then there was no concept of keeping your memories in a way that gave them some respect. And that is what we wanted from our own wedding,” says Zara Chowdhary, Punjabi’s better half and producer at The Wedding Filmer.
“We didn’t have any professional videographers to shoot for us. What we had were a lot of friends who happened to be talented cinematographers from the film industry. They started to film and take pictures, and what we ended up with was a four-minute film that Vishal put together.”
Since then, The Wedding Filmer has made gorgeous, award-winning short wedding films for the rich, the famous and even those who have heart-warming stories to tell and just enough money to afford them (which is about Rs. 5 lakh for a day and can go up to Rs. 30 lakh or “much much more”).
“We get an average of 1,500 requests a month, but we end up doing only 10-15 films a year. It’s not an assembly line; each film is a very emotionally exhausting process for us,” Chowdhary says.
“Weddings in India are changing. When people are spending that kind of money to make it special, they also want to capture it the right way. Because when all your money and effort is spent in the three or four days of celebrations, at the end of the day, all you’re left with is memories.”
With inputs from Aastha Atray Banan
Follow @satarupapaul on Twitter
From HT Brunch, November 16
Follow us on twitter.com/HTBrunch

JSW Energy to buy JP hydropower assets for $...JSW Energy agrees to buy Jaiprakash hydropower assets for Rs 9,700 crore
PTI Nov 16, 2014, 06.20PM IST
Tags:
Jaiprakash hydropower assets
(JSW Energy Ltd said on Sunday…)
NEW DELHI: JSW Energy will acquire two hydro-electric projects of Jaiprakash Power Ventures in Himachal Pradesh for about Rs 9,700 crore.
"JSW Energy has agreed to acquire from Jaiprakash Power Ventures and other shareholders, 100 per cent stake in Himachal Baspa Power company for a base enterprise value of Rs 9,700 crore," JSW Energy said in a statement.
The board of directors of Jaiprakash Power has approved the transfer of 300 MW of Baspa II hydro-electric project and 1,091 MW Karcham Wangtoo hydro project into a separate company -- Himachal Baspa Power company, it added.
In the fiscal ended March 2014, the Karcham project had earned a revenue of Rs 1,242 crore while the Baspa project Rs 320 crore.
The acquisition will make JSW Energy as the largest private sector hydro-power generator in the country.
Post-acquisition, the aggregate installed power generation capacity of JSW Energy will enhance to 4,531 MW.
"The acquisition will yield immediate cash flow and is expected to enhance JSW Energy's consolidated profitability and returns and create significant synergies," the statement said.
Commenting on the acquisition, JSW Energy CMD Sajjan Jindal said: "Our strategy is to increase capacity manifold and create synergies through a mix of organic and inorganic opportunities, supported by excellence in operations to accelerate the growth in shareholder value."
Axis Capital and SBI Capital Markets acted as financial advisors for the transaction.
FEATURED ARTICLES

40 pilots quit SpiceJet; auditors doubt Kalanithi Maran-led airline s viabilityAir India
(The airline auditors in…)
MUMBAI: Apprehending an uncertain future for the company, some 40-odd SpiceJet pilots including commanders have quit the airline during the past six months, say sources.
The airline auditors in their recent report have cast doubts over the ability of media baron Kalanithi Maran's budget carrier to run it as a "going concern".
The airline has reported 5th straight quarter of net losses for the July-September period, at Rs 310 crore, although it is down from the year-ago period when it had a net loss of Rs 559 crore.
The losses came down as the airline witnessed a 15 per cent growth in total revenue. For the past fiscal, the airline had reported a record loss of a little over Rs 1,000 crore.
"The airline is losing its flight crew at a regular interval. In the last six months alone as many as 40 pilots have quit the airline, citing uncertain future," an industry source told PTI.
The pilots who have parted ways with SpiceJet include the commanders, he said adding that those who resigned did not want to take a chance, particularly after the grounding of the Kingfisher Airlines .
According to the source, the quitting of these pilots have also impacted the airline's operations significantly with its flights either delayed or at times having repeated cancellations. The airline had last week said its had reduced its fleet by 10 planes from 48 to 38 over the past few months.
Repeated phone calls and a text message sent to SpiceJet spokesperson remained unanswered.
For September, the airline's on-time performance stood at 81.9 per cent, and was only second to the national carrier Air India , which clocked a poor 75.2 per cent.
The Gurgaon-based no-frills carrier, which has failed to secure required funds to overcome the cash-crunch, has been going in for advance discounted sales to mop up working capital from time-to-time, starting this January.
Meanwhile, the airline's auditors SR Batliboi & Associated have red flagged its concerns saying, "as of September 30, 2014, the company's total liabilities exceed its total assets by Rs 1,459.7 crore. These conditions indicate the existence of a material uncertainty that may cast significant doubt about the company's ability to continue as a going concern."
The auditors point out that the loss would have been higher but for non-provision of Rs 7.5 crore for interest. Including this, the net loss for the September quarter would have been higher by a similar amount.
But SpiceJet has claimed that its market stimulation has worked as its topline grew 15 per cent year-over-year in Q2, ahead of capacity increase of 7 per cent.
"SpiceJet's market stimulation efforts have had a positive impact on the travel industry as a whole by helping increase demand to fill seats that would otherwise go empty. This has benefitted not just the airline through incremental revenue, but also customers who are getting much more affordable fares if they are willing to book early," the airline said.
Repeated discounts launched by Spicejet have led to a 28 per cent growth in domestic passenger traffic in September, traditionally the weakest traffic month of the year, the airline claimed.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ties between countries can prosper if states  cities engage: PM Narendra ModiYou are here: Home > Collections > Partnership
Ties between countries can prosper if states, cities engage: PM Narendra Modi
PTI Nov 16, 2014, 03.51PM IST
(Modi lauded the partnership…)
BRISBANE: Highlighting that India and Australia share a "special bond", Prime Minister Narendra Modi today said relations between countries can prosper fully if states and cities are involved in international engagements.
Starting his bilateral visit to Australia today from Brisbane, Modi said that in the India-Australia partnership, Queensland had been at forefront for its contribution in powering India with its resources and research.
"We truly welcome the engagement between states and cities. That is why I am also very keen to involve states in India in our international engagements," Modi said at a reception held here in his honour by Campbell Newman, premier of the Australian state of Queensland.
"Brisbane has emerged as center of advanced technology. Hyderabad is known as Cyberabad. It is natural that two cities have sister-relationship. Relations between countries can prosper fully if we truly bring the engagement between states and cities," Modi said.
Earlier in the day, Modi also unveiled the statue of Mahatma Gandhi in Brisbane in his first bilateral engagement.
"There is a special bond between India and Australia. This is a symbol of values we share, the ideals we aspire to and the world we wish to build," he said in reference to Gandhi's statue here.
Modi lauded the partnership between India and Queensland in sectors ranging from technology and research to supplying resources to India.
"Several Queensland business delegations are visiting India this year. It has emerged as major source of resources to power India's development. It is also a major destination for Indian investment. You have supported partnership in education and skills. Queensland research universities are collaborating closely with India," Modi said.
"The credit for the strong partnership goes to Premier Campbell Newman and Lord Mayor. Your mission to India is very productive and brought businesses and our people closer," he said.
The Prime Minister also said this is the time to forge partnership with India because of the "welcoming environment".
"This is an exciting moment in Indian filled with optimism and desire for change and confidence to achieve it driven by the energy and enterpriese of our youth.
"This is time to forge partnership in India. You will find a welcoming environment that makes it possible and smooth," Modi said.
"Joint research (between India and research institutes in Queensland) will help farmers in dry areas and contribute to food security in India. Queensland fruits and vegetables are really good. There is a lot of potential to work together," Modi said, adding that Queensland and India can learn a lot from each other in field of tourism.
Emphasising the role of Indian diaspora in strengthening the relationship between the two countries, the Prime Minister said, "they breed friendship and understanding" between the two countries.
He also congratulated Brisbane for hosting the G20 Summit.
"You did and outstanding job. I know you have often lived in the shadow of Melbourne and Sydney. This week you have shown the world what a great city and host you are," Modi said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Gandhi relevant even today: Modi at BrisbaneComments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday, in Brisbane, said that Mahatma Gandhi is as relevant today as he was during his lifetime.
Speaking at a function where he unveiled a statue of Mahatma Gandhi at Roma Street Parkland following the conclusion of the G20 summit, he said, "On October 2 (1869), a person was not born in Porbandar but an era was born."
Earlier, Modi arrived at the venue to a rousing welcome by the Indian diaspora gathered there and was greeted by the mayor of Brisbane.  
"G20 meetings are over. Happy (about) beginning my bilateral visit to Australia with this programme: PM," the Prime Minister's Office tweeted ahead of his arrival at the venue.
The programme organisers said that a bridge will be named after Mahatma Gandhi in Springfield.
Modi earlier attended the G20 Summit in Brisbane and held one-to-one meetings with a number of world leaders.
He will visit other Australian cities, including capital Canberra, and also address the Australian Parliament, during his stay in the country.

Jammu and Kashmir polls just a week away  but parties yet to issuemanifestosBy: Press Trust of India | Srinagar | Posted: November 16, 2014 6:09 pm
Even as the first phase of the five-phased Assembly elections in Jammu and Kashmir is just about a week away, political parties here are yet to bring out manifestos outlining their poll agenda and policies for the state.
All the major political parties in the state – national parties BJP and Congress and regional parties National Conference (NC) and Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) – have not yet released their manifestos for the elections beginning November 25.
BJP said the party would come out with its manifesto in a few days and its president Amit Shah would release it in Jammu.
“Our manifesto is ready. It will be released in a few days by our president in Jammu. We will launch it simultaneously here as well,” party’s spokesman Khalid Jehangir said.
He said the delay in releasing the poll agenda was because the party was “busy with other activities”.
Ruling NC said the poll manifesto was delayed because of the floods and the party’s stand that it wanted the elections to be delayed for some months for the rehabilitation of the flood-affected people.
“There are many reasons for the delay. There were floods in the state. The party did not want the elections to happen on time and wanted the process to be delayed for the rehabilitation of the flood victims,” NC spokesman Junaid Azim Mattu said.
Mattu said the document was being printed and would be released in a couple of days.
NC’s coalition partner Congress also said that its manifesto was being printed and would be released here in a few days time.
“It is being printed in Delhi and I am sure it will reach us in a few days time and will be released here,” Pradesh Congress Committee Vice President Ghulam Nabi Monga said.
Opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) said its manifesto was not released so far as the party had to involve all the stakeholders in compiling its poll agenda.
“We wanted to take all stake holders, including people outside the party, on board in having our poll agenda before the public and the floods also led to the document being delayed,” PDP chief spokesman Naeem Akhtar said.
Akhtar said the manifesto was now almost ready and would be released soon.
The state will go through five-phase polls on November 25, December 2, 9, 14 and 20.

PM Narendra Modi neither sleeps nor allows us to sleep: VenkaiahNaiduPrint
Parliamentary Affairs Ministers M Venkaiah felicitating Bandaru Dattatreya, Minister for Labour and Employment in Hyderabad on Sunday. (Source: PTI)
By: Press Trust of India | Hyderabad | Posted: November 16, 2014 5:10 pm | Updated: November 16, 2014 6:16 pm
Praising Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s style of functioning, Union Minister M Venkaiah Naidu on Sunday said the leader neither sleeps nor allows his Cabinet colleagues to do so.
“I was telling in the morning our Prime Minister does not sleep and does not allow others to sleep,” the Union Urban Development and Parliamentary Affairs Minister said at a function here as he talked about packed schedules.
“But we are enjoying. Because working for the people…working for the betterment of life of the common man is the most enjoyable thing in life,” said Naidu, who left the event mid-way to attend four other engagements on Sunday before flying to Barcelona this evening.
When some Cabinet colleagues said five years would be needed to achieve the target to make everybody a bank account holder in the country, the Prime Minister said the exercise should be completed in one year, he said.
Naidu said by the end of seven weeks since ‘Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana’ was launched, (an additional) 6.99 crore people now have bank accounts.
Before the exercise began, 58 per cent of the country’s population, mostly in rural areas, had no bank accounts, he said.

JSW Energy to buy 2 hydro projects of JP Power for Rs 9700crPost-acquisition, the aggregate installed power generation capacity of JSW Energy will enhance to 4,531 MW. Reuters
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 16, 2014 4:59 pm
JSW Energy will acquire two hydro-electric projects of Jaiprakash Power Ventures in Himachal Pradesh for about Rs 9,700 crore.
“JSW Energy has agreed to acquire from Jaiprakash Power Ventures and other shareholders, 100 per cent stake in Himachal Baspa Power company for a base enterprise value of Rs 9,700 crore,” JSW Energy said in a statement.
The board of directors of Jaiprakash Power has approved the transfer of 300 MW of Baspa II hydro-electric project and 1,091 MW Karcham Wangtoo hydro project into a separate company — Himachal Baspa Power company, it added.
In the fiscal ended March 2014, the Karcham project had earned a revenue of Rs 1,242 crore while the Baspa project Rs 320 crore.
The acquisition will make JSW Energy as the largest private sector hydro-power generator in the country.
Post-acquisition, the aggregate installed power generation capacity of JSW Energy will enhance to 4,531 MW.
“The acquisition will yield immediate cash flow and is expected to enhance JSW Energy’s consolidated profitability and returns and create significant synergies,” the statement said.
Commenting on the acquisition, JSW Energy CMD Sajjan Jindal said: “Our strategy is to increase capacity manifold and create synergies through a mix of organic and inorganic opportunities, supported by excellence in operations to accelerate the growth in shareholder value.”
Axis Capital and SBI Capital Markets acted as financial advisors for the transaction.

ISIS beheads US aid worker Peter Kassig who had  calling  to help Syriansprint
This handout photo released by the Kassig family shows Peter Kassig in front of a truck somewhere along the Syrian border between late 2012 and autumn 2013. (AFP Photo)
Peter Kassig, an American aid worker jihadists claim to have killed, had a "calling" to help Syrians suffering due to the devastating civil war in their country.
The 26-year-old former soldier disappeared on October 1, 2013 and was being held by the Islamic State group, which released a video Sunday claiming Kassig's execution and showing a masked militant standing over a severed head.
Kassig had been in the region since March 2012, when he traveled to Lebanon on a break from university, his family wrote on a Facebook page dedicated to raising awareness about his plight.
After witnessing the plight of those displaced by the war in neighboring Syria, he emailed a letter to family and friends telling them he was not coming home yet.
"I have tried to live my life in a way that displays what it is that I believe, but the truth is, much of my life I have only been searching for my calling, I had not yet found it," he wrote.
"Here, in this land, I have found my calling."
The young American, who was also trained as an emergency medical technician, went to Turkey and founded an aid group, his father, Ed Kassig, said in a video last month.
"He helped train 150 civilians in skills needed to provide medical aid to the people of Syria. His organization gave food, cooking supplies, clothing and medicine to those in need," Ed Kassig said as he pleaded for his son's release.
Desolation and hope
In an email to a friend in 2012, also posted on the Facebook page, Kassig wrote about the desolation of war and his hope for the future.
"How will I tell you of the walls riddled with bullets and the flowers that grow over them?" he wrote.
"War never ends, it just moves around... Loss and destruction in this land brings about only survival; the determination to press on and rebuild," he added.
"I can't be sure but I think I'm starting believe that as beautiful as it is to finish building a house, its a better feeling laying the first brick again after its been torn down..."
In a quotation on the Facebook page, he admits he at times wished for something different. The quote is attached as a caption to a photo showing Kassig brandishing a blood-clotting agent he obtained to help treat wounded in Syria.
"The truth is sometimes I really think I would like to do something else, but at the end of the day, this work is really the only thing that I have found that gives my life both meaning and direction."
Kassig, who converted to Islam during his captivity and took the Muslim name Abdel Rahman, said in a letter smuggled to his family his faith was intact.
"In terms of my faith, I pray every day, and I am not angry about my situation in that sense. I am in a dogmatically complicated situation here, but I am at peace with my belief."
'Scared to die'
In an October 3 video showing British aid worker Alan Henning's beheading, the threat was made that Kassig would be next.
IS has justified killing Western hostages as retaliation for US-led air strikes on the group over swathes of territory it has seized in Iraq and Syria.
In the letter received by his family in June, Kassig wrote that he was "scared to die".
"But the hardest part is not knowing, wondering, hoping and wondering if I should even hope at all. I am very sad all this has happened and for what all of you back home are going through.
"If I do die, I figure that at least you and I can seek refuge and comfort in knowing that I went out as a result of trying to alleviate suffering and helping those in need."

Chhattisgarh sterilisation deaths: Maoists seek CM s resignationComments
The outlawed CPI (Maoist) has blamed Chhattisgarh chief minister Raman Singh and state health minister Amar Agrawal for the deaths of 13 women during a recent sterilisation drive and sought their resignation.
The Maoists dropped pamphlets and put up banners in Chhattisgarh's insurgency-hit Dantewada district protesting against the sterilisation tragedy. "The pamphlets and posters were recovered from a road near Kumharras village under Dantewada police station limits last evening," Dantewada superintendent of police Kamlochan Kashyap told PTI.
In the pamphlets, the West Bastar division committee of the banned outfit has alleged that the chief minister and the health minister were responsible for the deaths of the poor women during the sterilisation camps in Bilaspur district.
"They have lost the moral ground to continue in their positions," it said. The Chhattisgarh government has constituted a probe panel under a retired judge to investigate the botched surgeries that have also left 138 women ill.
While 12 of the 83 women, who were operated upon at Nemichand Jain Cancer and Research Centre at Pendari village of Takhatpur block on November 8 died, Chaiti Bai is the lone casualty from the camps at Pendra block, where around 56 women underwent surgeries at three different camps on November 10.
Laparoscopic surgeon Dr R K Gupta of Bilaspur district hospital, who performed tubectomy procedures on 83 women at a camp at Pendari village in a matter of few hours, was arrested.
Dr Gupta and Bilaspur's chief medical and health officer Dr R K Bhange were later dismissed from service by the state government. Ramesh Mahawar, director of a drug company-Mahawar Pharma Pvt Ltd which allegedly supplied sub-standard medicines that were administered to the victims of sterilisation surgeries, and his son Sumit have been arrested and all the products of their manufacturing unit have been banned.

Domino s  McDonald s Face Heat From New FirmsSBI to Take Final Call on $1 Billion Loan to Adani in 3 Months
Big names in the fast food industry are queuing up to grab a pie of the quick service restaurant (QSR) market in India. Burger King, the world's second largest hamburger chain, opened its first outlet in Delhi on Sunday, while Ohio-based Wendy's is likely to set up shop in the first half of next year.
Foreign brands are eying the Indian market despite the presence of well entrenched players such as McDonald's, Domino's and Haldiram's. The fact that margins of existing players are under stress amid a prolonged economic slowdown also seems to have little impact on new entrants' decision to set up shop in the country.
In the September quarter, Westlife Development, a company whose subsidiary Hardcastle Restaurants is a master franchisee of McDonald's in India, reported a 600 per cent year-on-year drop in operating margins. Jubilant FoodWorks, which operates the Domino's Pizza and Dunkin' Donuts brands in India and whose shares are well tracked, reported a 280 points drop in year-on-year margins in the September quarter. Its same-store sales growth (SSSG) also declined 5.3 per cent during the quarter.
Most companies see tough days ahead despite signs of early recovery. Jubilant FoodWorks' management said it is not seeing any positive change in consumer buying patterns and expects the weakness in consumer demand to continue in the near term.
"The management guided for negative SSSG to continue for another two quarters and for SSSG to hit high-single digits only over a 4- to 8-quarter period. This is despite the second half of FY14 having negative SSSG in the base," Nomura says.
Consumers have held back spending amid the economic slowdown in India. Low spending has weighed on demand forcing companies to come up with promotional offers despite a sharp jump in input prices. High attrition and real estate rental costs have also impacted profitability, analysts say.
Current market environment has impacted shares of listed companies. Jubilant FoodWorks shares are up just 13.50 per cent, while Westlife Development shares are down 17 per cent over the last one year. In contrast, the Sensex has gained over 38 per cent during the same period.
New entrants, however, believe that a recovery in around the corner. Raj Varman, chief executive of Burger King India, told NDTV that the food business is a recession-proof business. Mr Varman's Burger King is coming up with 12 restaurants in Mumbai and Delhi over the next few weeks. ( Watch the full interview )
The biggest draw for these new players is the massive growth prospects in India, analysts say. According to a report by Technopak, the QSR segment in India is set to grow at a compound annual growth rate of 25 per cent to reach revenues of $3.2 billion by 2018 from $1.06 billion in 2013.
There's also a growing belief that demand will come back quicker-than-expected as inflation cools and disposable incomes rise. "The Indian market is on the verge of substantial recovery... Growing disposable income and rising number of dual income families mean the headroom is enormous," Mr Varman added.
A sharp fall in inflation will also bring down input costs and increase profitability. Analysts also say that most big foreign brands have deep pockets and they can afford to play the waiting game.
Story first published on: November 14, 2014 11:49 (IST)

Why IKEA cares if you re a morning personWhy IKEA Cares Whether You're a Morning Person
A new study looks at morning routines the world over.
Brendan Nystedt
November 15, 2014
When you get up in the morning, how do you feel? What do you do to prepare for the day ahead? Do you hug or kiss your children before they leave for school? That's what IKEA wants to know.
The company's recent survey of the world's cities—dubbed "Life at Home"—answers many of these questions, revealing the morning routines of people the world over. You might not associate the home furnishings giant with large-scale behavioral studies, but IKEA believes this kind of research can shed light on many aspects of its core business.
Morning in Shanghai
While the results suggest we're more alike than we are different, the study did uncover some surprising facts about the way people get ready to face the day. (One thing's for certain, though: Mornings are hectic for everybody.)
How long does it take you to get ready in the morning? According to IKEA, the world average is around an hour and a half. Mumbai has the longest morning routine—people there take an average of almost two and a half hours to get out the door. Shanghai residents, meanwhile, average just 58 minutes.
Mumbai has the longest morning routine—people there take almost two and a half hours to get out the door. Shanghai residents, meanwhile, average just 58 minutes.
New Yorkers hit the snooze button more often than most other urbanites. 84% of people in Shanghai say they don't drink coffee or tea in the morning. People in Mumbai are about three times more likely than others to make time for self-reflection in the morning. And the list goes on.
Lead Researcher Mikael Ydholm told us that, city-to-city, the findings changed in unexpected ways. "[Culture] impacted the findings quite a lot. As an example, in Mumbai, men and women spend equal time grooming. That surprised me!"
The Life at Home study encompasses data on everything from self-reflection time to snooze button pressing. View Larger
The inaugural edition of the study was a global effort that took advantage of partnerships with research universities, in-home observation, and consumer surveys to build a substantial data set. That data—gathered from over 1,000 people across eight major cities—is available at the Life at Home site , where anyone can tinker with the so-called "Data Mixing Board" to discover additional trends.
Ydholm wants to make it crystal clear that Life at Home isn't simply a clever marketing ploy.
For IKEA, this research informs everything from furniture design to the staged rooms the company uses in its catalogs and stores. Armed with data from the study, the company can fine-tune its aesthetics for local markets.
"Ikea's vision is clearly about creating a better life at home,” Raquel Ely, a marketing research specialist from Ikea said. “You only do that if you understand what's happening at home and take steps to make changes."
Still, Ydholm wants to make it crystal clear that Life at Home isn't simply a clever marketing ploy.
"For us, it's not about looking at how we can make this commercial. Then we lose [credibility]," he said. Ely agrees; "This is research for insight's sake…[Life at Home] gets everyone on the same page about what's important in peoples' lives."
You can download Ikea's report and get some key findings on the Life at Home website .
Be in the know! Get Reviewed.com news and reviews straight to your inbox.
Thanks for signing up!

DDA Draw Tomorrow: Ten Things to KnowEarly Next Year for Reassessment of ECB Policies' Impact: Mario Draghi
New Delhi: The fate of over 10 lakh applicants to the DDA Housing Scheme 2014 will be decided on Monday. The Delhi Development Authority (DDA) will hold the computerised draw of lots for its Housing Scheme 2014 at around 12:00 noon on Monday, vice chairman Balvinder Kumar told NDTV. For every flat, there are around 40 applicants.
Top 10 Facts
1. DDA for the first time would also be "webcasting live" the entire draw. Applicants can watch the proceedings live at a special website created for this draw ( www.ddadrawlive.in ).
2. The draw would be held at DDA's headquarters Vikas Sadan in New Delhi.
3. Launched on September 1, the housing scheme drew a strong response. DDA has received over 10 lakh applications for the flagship 'Housing Scheme 2014 and about 17 lakh application forms were sold. The last date for the scheme was October 9 initially but was extended till October 15.
4. The DDA Housing Scheme 2014 offers over 25,000 flats across various categories, ranging from Rs 7 lakh to Rs 1.2 crore.
5. C-DAC (Centre for Development of Advanced Computing) has been chosen as the technology vendor for the draw. C-DAC had also conducted the draw for DDA's last housing scheme in 2010.
6. The housing authority has been conducting dry runs since November 10 to check its preparedness.
7. DDA was originally scheduled to hold the draw in the second week of this month.
8. DDA vice chairman Balvinder Kumar had earlier told NDTV that some applicants had reported issues with the data in their application forms. Also, the draw process was taking around 6-7 hours during its testing and the housing authority wanted to bring down that time period, he added.
9. DDA will refund the registration fee (Rs 1 lakh) to unsuccessful applicants who had paid on their own through the bank branch wherein they had deposited the application form. The bank will dispatch refund cheques to the applicants.
10. Successful applicants have the option to surrender the flat before the issue of possession letter from the DDA. Allotment will be automatically cancelled in case the payment is not made within the prescribed period. And the amount deposited will be get refunded without interest.
Story first published on: November 16, 2014 12:09 (IST)

Bitcoin club loses steam; market value tanks over $5-bnSociete Generale pulls out of GVK Hancock's long-delayed coal project
After being touted as currency of future, the halo around bitcoins and other virtual currencies appear to be fading and their combined market value has dipped to USD 6 billion, from over USD 11 billion a year ago.
While the number of such currencies has increased substantially to over 500, from about 70 in November last year, their combined valuation has been on a decline after peaking at over USD 15 billion early in 2014.
Nonetheless, the value of many popular virtual currencies including Bitcoin, Ripple, Dogecoin and Litecoin has crashed by 50-60 per cent from their peaks early in 2014, as per data available on various trading platforms.
Incidentally, the number of online platforms where these digital currencies, which are not backed by any government or banking authorities, can be traded has also grown to 1,400, while many of them can be accessed from anywhere in the world including India.
While India is yet to put in place any separate guidelines for bitcoins and other virtual currencies, RBI has already warned against their use due to potential risks associated with such transactions.
According to some traders, a sharp recovery in regular financial markets, including stocks, might have led to ‘hot money’ parked in bitcoins to move outside. Besides, intensified regulatory glare on such currencies might have also resulted in investors pulling out their funds.
Bitcoin and other such currencies have attracted a lot of attention of financial regulators on suspicion of being alleged conduits of ill-gotten wealth. Speculators and gullible investors too had lapped up the idea of a non-fiat currencies that were marketed as promising investments.
Bitcoin currently trades at a price of USD 400 a unit, as against lofty highs of USD 1200 early this year. Other virtual currencies have seen similar trend in their prices.
As per bitcoin traders, warnings from global central banks, the Mt Gox exchange debacle, cases of money laundering and criminal payments via such currencies, and a moderation in the initial frenzy have affected the market.
Earlier this month, the US authorities busted the first bitcoin securities fraud case, accusing a 32-year-old of engineering a bitcoin Ponzi scheme where about half of 100 investors lost all or part of their bitcoin investment in 2011 and 2012.
Bitcoins shot to prominence mainly through underground transactions, while Silk Road and similar websites, which are not visible on the open internet, enabled buyers and sellers to trade using digital currencies, usually Bitcoin.
Low transaction costs and difficult-to-trace nature of transactions have also helped bitcoins.
TAGS: Bitcoin
More from industry
‘Industry specific amendments needed to milk Make in India’ The captains of home care, personal care and chemical industry feel that government's 'Make In India' initiative will propel industrial growth.

G20 vows to reduce cost of transferring remittances to 5%You are here: Home > Collections > Remittances
G20 vows to reduce cost of transferring remittances to 5%
PTI Nov 16, 2014, 03.25PM IST
(India, which is world's…)
BRISBANE: Taking concerns of India and other developing countries on board, the G20 today vowed to take "strong practical" measures to reduce the global average cost of transferring remittances to five per cent.
India, which is world's largest recipient of remittances with $71 billion sent last year, pushed for a reduction in the remittance costs of non-residents at the G20 summit that ended today, asking it to work on steps to reduce costs in sending money home from abroad which is as high as 10 per cent in some countries.
"We commit to take strong practical measures to reduce the global average cost of transferring remittances to five per cent and to enhance financial inclusion as a priority," the three-page communique released by leaders of the group of 20 major and leading emerging economies said. Prime Minister Narendra Modi was among the participants.
Railways Minister Suresh Prabhu, who is Modi's sherpa' at the deliberations, said "Indians send maximum money back to their country. India is the single largest recipient of non-resident remittances. NRIs remit close to $70 billion, more than the Filipinos and the Chinese."
The cost of remittances, at times, is as high as 10 per cent, Prabhu said.
Ahead of the summit, he said, "It's an ethical, logical and economic issue. We are pushing for some understanding in the G20 that the cost should not be more than 5 per cent."
India has been able to convince Saudi Arabia to reduce it to 3.5 per cent, he added.
In a separate G20 plan to facilitate remittance flows annexed to the communique, the grouping described as an innovative step with the potential to reduce the cost of remittance transfers the RBI's move to facilitate the receipt of foreign inward remittances directly into the bank accounts of beneficiaries under the Money Transfer Service Scheme (MTSS).
It also recognised the value of remittance flows in helping to drive strong, sustainable and balanced growth.
Noting that remittances to developing countries in 2014 are expected to reach $436 billion, far exceeding Official Development Assistance(ODA), the plan said remittances to and from G20 countries account for almost 80 per cent of global remittance flows.
"The G20 recognises the value of remittance flows in helping to drive strong, sustainable and balanced growth. Remittances represent a major source of income for millions of families and businesses globally, and are an important avenue to greater financial inclusion," it said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Angela Merkel raises German language issue with PM Narendra Modi at BrisbaneBig surprise: Congress-backed National Students' Union of India sweeps Rajasthan University polls
German Chancellor Angela Merkel today utilised a meeting with Prime Minister Narendra Modi to raise the move to drop German as an alternative to Sanskrit as a third language in Kendriya Vidyalayas and was assured it would be looked into within the confines of the Indian system.
Merkel, who brought up the matter during an interaction with Modi on the sidelines of the G20 summit here, also invited the prime minister to visit Germany.
The Chancellor told Modi that India should work on a system where children can learn German in schools.
“Merkel did raise the issue of teaching German language in Indian schools. She raised in a manner requesting the Prime Minister to have a look in it and see what would be the best way forward,” External Affairs Ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin told reporters.
In his response, Modi said it was important for children to learn as many languages as possible and assured Merkel that her concerns will be addressed by the Indian government
“Prime Minister assured her (Merkel) that he himself is the votary of young Indian children learning other languages. He said how it is best done within the confines of Indian system, we will work it out,” Akbaruddin said.
Merkel also told Modi that Germany is looking forward to his visit to the country.
“Our relations are deepening…Waiting for your visit,” a tweet posted by the MEA said.
The Sanskrit issue has already been raised by German Ambassador to India Michael Steiner with the Indian government, hoping for a “pragmatic” solution.
As the Human Resource Development Ministry has decided to drop the German language, over 70,000 students across 500 Kendriya Vidyalayas from classes VI to VIII are supposed to be asked to switch from German to Sanskrit.
The 2011 Memorandum of Understanding that made German a third language was signed between the Kendriya Vidyalayas and Goethe Institute-Max Mueller Bhawan.
Union HRD Minister Smriti Irani has defended the move, saying the existing arrangement was in violation of the three-language formula. She, however, said German would continue to be taught as an “additional subject of hobby class”.
In the three-language formula, schools teach Hindi, English and a modern Indian language.
Sanskrit teachers had moved the Delhi High Court alleging that the central schools had introduced German as a third language in place of Sanskrit against the education policy.
TAGS: Angela Merkel Narendra Modi
More from miscellaneous

Tension near Godman Rampals ashram  prohibitory ordersimposedBy: Press Trust of India | Barwala/chandigarh | Posted: November 16, 2014 6:28 pm
Tension mounted in Barwala town of Hisar district in Haryana ahead of Monday’s deadline set by the Punjab and Haryana High Court to ensure appearance of self-styled godman Rampal in a contempt case, prompting authorities to impose prohibitory orders at several vulnerable places.
As authorities raced against time to meet the deadline set by the Punjab and Haryana High Court, the situation remained volatile around Satlok Ashram, which has been surrounded by police and paramilitary forces and all roads leading to the premises sealed, officials said on Sunday.
Several disciples of the 63-year-old controversial godman were holed up in his Satlok Ashram to prevent his arrest.
A police official said additional force has been deployed in Barwala town in Hisar district to bring out Rampal, who is being protected by a strong human shield formed by his followers including women, some of whom are believed to be carrying lethal weapons.
Prohibitory orders under Section 144 CrPC have been imposed in Chandigarh, Panchkula and Mohali to avert any violent backlash by his supporters opposing his arrest even as authorities were trying to persuade Rampal to surrender on his own as this may help avert any incident of violence once he gives up at his own will.
However, plans to storm the Ashram and use of force to comply with the court orders, have been kept ready, they said.
Five Superintendents of Police from Hisar, Bhiwani, Sirsa, Jind and Fatehabad are among the senior police officials present to ensure that the court orders are executed.
The prohibitory orders have been imposed to maintain law and order and restrict the movement of the followers of Rampal who have been thwarting police efforts to arrest him.
A large number of policemen have been deployed at key points including roads leading to Chandigarh from Panchkula (Haryana) and Mohali (Punjab), police said.
Hisar Range Inspector General of Police, A K Rao, who is camping at the site, has urged Rampal’s followers to cooperate with police and comply with the court orders.
Rejecting Haryana government’s plea that Rampal was unwell and his arrest would create law and order problems, Punjab and Haryana High Court had on Monday last issued a fresh non- bailable arrest warrant against him in a contempt case and asked as to why his bail in a 2006 murder case should not be cancelled.

DDA again postpones housing scheme draw; trial runs take too longDDA misses Monday date, again postpones draw
Sidhartha Roy , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, November 16, 2014
First Published: 18:12 IST(16/11/2014) | Last Updated: 10:26 IST(18/11/2014)
Comments
The Delhi Development Authority (DDA) has indefinitely postponed the date for a lucky draw of its much-sought-after housing scheme again.
It is learnt that the DDA was unable to wrap up the process in less than six hours during mock draws and hence postponed the actual draw.
The DDA wants the draw to be completed within 1-2 hours, but the huge data it has to process is resulting in the process taking 8-9 hours during trials.
“It is taking inordinately long time, and the process needs more time for optimization of data and process,” a DDA spokesperson said. “Some technical experts have been called to check the process and give their opinion so that during the final draw there are no technical problems."
 
“It was decided to give more time to the technical team which has been working nonstop on the draw for the last 72 hours,” she said. “We have decided to postpone the draw scheduled to be held on November 17. The next date of  draw will be announced as soon as the technical team is ready for the draw."
According to DDA officials, they are grappling with a huge number of applications - more than 10 lakh, which is the cause behind the delay and failed deadlines again and again.
#DDA housing scheme draw postponed again.
— Sidhartha Roy (@Sidhartha80) November 16, 2014
After missing many deadlines, the DDA had fixed Monday as the fresh date for the draw last week.
The draw of lots, which was initially scheduled to be held on November 5, was postponed to November 10 after delay in the processing of applications, which was again rescheduled for November 14 (which was also missed), according to DDA vice-chairman Balvinder Kumar.
The trial runs, or 'mock draw' are being jointly carried out by the Systems department of DDA and a team from C-DAC (Centre for Development of Advanced Computing) at the DDA headquarter Vikas Sadan.
C-DAC says it needs more time to streamline the process.
#DDA wants the draw to be completed within 1-2 hours but the huge data involved is resulting in the process taking 8-9 hours during trials.
— Sidhartha Roy (@Sidhartha80) November 16, 2014
"The problem is the huge number of applications and the large number of errors that crept into the forms that were submitted by applicants with designated banks," a senior official had earlier told HT.
Whenever it takes place, the draw will be webcast and people can watch it live by going to this link - http://www.ddadrawlive.in/
The DDA's housing scheme is a lottery that most Delhiites warm up to. But, as is the norm with lotteries, only few win.
The 2014 edition is its biggest ever with 25,034 flats on offer, even though 95% of these are one-bedroom flats.
Prices for the flats range from Rs. 6.10 lakh for a Janta flat to Rs. 1.20 crore for a three-bedroom flat. Prices of two bedroom flats are in the Rs. 70 lakh range, while the average price of one-bedroom flats range between Rs. 14 and Rs. 20 lakh.
The land development agency sold 17 lakh housing scheme forms.
The number of applications was low in the first month, but eventually a record 10,08,700 applications came in after the scheme was extended.
For every flat, there are approximately 40 applicants, which gives a buyer a 2.5% chance of landing that dream home.
Though better than the 2010 housing scheme, when there were 46 applicants for a flat, you still need to be very lucky when the DDA holds its draw of lots, which itself has been delayed several times.
The DDA's flats are not particularly known for their construction quality, space and designs, but the lure of a Delhi address triggers a mad rush every time the agency announces a scheme.
"The reason DDA flats are so popular is because there is a demand and supply mismatch of 90% in Delhi. The DDA is the only developer as no one else is allowed to build group housing projects," said Ramesh Menon, Director at Certes Realty, a real estate consultancy firm.
"The DDA sells a two-bedroom flat at Rs. 70-80 lakh, a price for which you can only get a flat in an unauthorised colony in Delhi or in distant sectors of Gurgaon or Greater Noida."
According to Menon, DDA flats are usually shabby and most of the agency's housing projects do not provide proper amenities, but the location and affordable pricing clinch make it a winner.
A flat that the DDA sells for Rs. 50 to Rs. 70 lakh would be available for Rs. 1-2 crore when bought at market prices, which attracts more investors than end users.
"Those working in or near Delhi find it easier to commute from a DDA flat because of the location and also because most of these areas are well connected by public transport," Menon said. "Also, schools and hospitals are present near these housing complexes along with other infrastructure."
Menon, however, said since DDA had a monopoly over housing in Delhi, it should also be accountable and offer better products. "It has only made 3.5 lakh residential units since its inception, while the demand has grown manifold."

The travelling showmanUpdated: November 15, 2014 19:28 IST
The travelling showman
Tamil cinema
As with his other films, Prabhu Solomon spent weeks on the road before shooting Kayal. He tells Vishal Menon that memories are made from journeys
He travelled over 10,000 km while writing Mynaa. And for shooting one song for Kayal, he went to 80 locations across the country. If there’s one thing Prabhu Solomon does for his films, it is travel. His creations are aimed at taking us out of our cocooned existence and to faraway, unknown places. “Once the curtains go up, I want the audience to be transported to vast spaces. That’s why I prefer wide shots,” says Prabhu.
He talks about how most filmmakers sit in an office in Chennai and write screenplays about rural life in Tamil Nadu. “But once I’m inspired by an idea, I travel with it to places around the country. Somewhere along the way, the story unravels itself, one character at a time and it organically evolves into a movie.” For Kumki, Vikram Prabhu and Thambi Ramaiah stayed in Thiruvalla for 15 days to observe mahouts.
So where did Prabhu travel for Kayal, his soon-to-be-released love story set around the 2004 tsunami? He went on a recce to Nagapattinam. “There, I met Gayathri. Her daughter had been born after five years of marriage and much prayer. When her daughter went missing in the tsunami, she never lost faith. She told herself that God wouldn’t take back what he had given. After weeks, she managed to find her daughter in a relief camp. I weaved this episode into Kayal,” he says. It’s this reality that he tries to capture all the time. Kayal was shot in knee-deep water for several days. “By the end of the shoot, we would all feel weightless because we had spent close to 10 hours underwater to get the perfect shot. Even such efforts can come only so close to your original vision,” he says.
Prabhu loves capturing the rural milieu. A thousand shades of green… lakes, rivers, hills… these are the scenes that shine though. People ask him why he opts for melodic tracks and not loud, fast-paced music in his village movies. “But most people living there listen to Ilaiyaraaja melodies all day long. I decided to give them those rhythms in Kumki and they loved it. When I sat down with the lyricist, I told him we must think like mahouts. I described a scene where a mahout casts his first glance on the girl of his dreams, and is at a loss for words. He cannot come up with poetry like a lyricist and hence the song, ‘Onnum Puriyala Solla Theriyala, Kannu Muzhiiyila Kanda Azhagula, Aasai Kooduthae.’”
Prabhu’s earliest travel escapades began as a kid cycling in the rain to the mines of Neyveli. In Kayal, the protagonists go to work only to fund their travel, mirroring his philosophy to the extent where he no longer knows if he travels for filmmaking or it’s the other way round. “I feel most of us are stuck in a routine for the sake of comfort and a future. Finally, when we retire, it’s not our bank balance or our wealth that’s going to add meaning to our lives. It’s only our memories that matter and travel is the best way to create them,” he says.

Anti-Naxal operations: First women commandos team deployed in junglesPrint
While one contingent is undertaking operations in the worst Naxal-affected area of Bastar in Chhattisgarh, the other has been based at an undisclosed location in Jharkhand. (AP Photo)
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 16, 2014 1:37 pm | Updated: November 16, 2014 1:55 pm
For the first time in the country’s history, a special squad of women troops has been deployed deep inside jungles to undertake active and prolonged operations against Naxalites.
With the induction of these CRPF commandos in their trademark camouflaged ‘Khaki’ uniform, India has become one of those few countries to deploy women personnel in live combat situations in one of the most violent and high threat theatres of conflict.
The country’s largest paramilitary force CRPF, top sources said, recently has sent two small squads of its women commandos to fight the red ultras shoulder-to-shoulder with their male colleagues by not only living at the ground locations but also carrying out patrols.
While one contingent is undertaking operations in the worst Naxal-affected area of Bastar in Chhattisgarh, the other has been based at an undisclosed location in Jharkhand.
Sources privy to the development said the Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) deployed these two women contingents, of a ‘platoon’ (about 35 women in each) strength, after creating basic living facilities for them at its locations in these two Maoist violence affected states.
“This is for the first time that women have been deployed in active operations in a high-risk and sensitive area where contact with the enemy is regular and very dynamic. The squads were placed at two locations about a fortnight back and they have begun operating,” a source said.
The exact location of these women squads is only known to a handful of commanders and personnel keeping in mind the early days of their induction, the sources said.
Officials say there are specific reasons and operational benefits for deploying these women personnel in LWE areas.
While they can interact with the local women folk which not only helps in gathering good intelligence, it also helps in bringing forces closer to the villagers. A similar model of has been found successful in West Bengal where the Naxal movement is at an all-time low.

G20: Russia-West tensions soar as Putin quits summitprint
Leaders meet at the first plenary session at the G20 summit in Brisbane, Australia Saturday. (AP Photo)
In a victory for India, the G20 on Sunday endorsed Prime Minister Narendra Modi's strong pitch for repatriation of black money at its summit, echoing the government's line on the need for transparency and disclosure of tax information.
Modi while voicing India's support for a new global standard on automatic exchange of tax information urged every jurisdiction, especially tax havens, to provide information for tax purposes in accordance with treaty obligations.
The new global standard will be instrumental in getting information relating to unaccounted money hoarded abroad and enable its eventual repatriation, Modi said, utilising the forum of G20, which accounts for 85 per cent of world's GDP.
The prime minister also noted that increased mobility of capital and technology have created new opportunities for avoiding tax and profit sharing.
The three-page communique was released at the end of the two-day summit of Group of 20 industrialised and leading emerging economies hosted by Australia.
Welcoming the "significant progress" on the G20/OECD Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (BEPS) Action Plan to modernise international tax rules, it said, "We are committed to finalising this work in 2015, including transparency of tax- payer specific rulings found to constitute harmful tax practices."
Briefing newsmen, railways minister Suresh Prabhu and external affairs ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said the reference to transparency, which was not there in the draft communique, was incorporated in the final communique after Prime Minister's strong intervention at Sunday's plenary session.
After Prime Minister Modi's intervention, several countries, notably Brazil and South Africa wanted a reference to be made to transparency in the final communique, Akbaruddin said.
"After the prime minister's own and strong intervention (on repatriation of black money), several countries shared his sentiments and wanted the views to be reflected in the final communique," he said.
Tensions soar over Putin
Vladimir Putin's early exit from a G20 summit in Australia after an icy reception from world leaders may further stoke Russia-West tensions and lead to renewed fighting in Ukraine, analysts said.
Western leaders piled huge pressure on the Russian strongman at the Group of 20 meeting in Brisbane, with host Tony Abbott calling on Putin to "atone" for the shooting down of Malaysian flight MH17 over rebel-held east Ukraine and Britain's David Cameron branding him a "bully".
Analysts said Putin's apparent anger at his treatment by his fellow leaders could worsen the crisis in Ukraine.
"If he is leaving irritated, just wait for the fighting in Ukraine to intensify," independent analyst Stanislav Belkovsky told AFP.
In eyebrow-raising remarks, Putin, who prides himself on his stamina, cited the "need to sleep" and a long flight home as his reasons for leaving the summit earlier than planned.
Despite the baking heat in Brisbane, the chill in the air was unmistakable.
Australian tabloid The Courier-Mail demanded apologies from Putin, while Russian media complained that Western leaders went out of their way to ostracise the Russian president.
"At the G20, Australian hosts tried to humiliate Vladimir Putin in every way possible," pro-Kremlin magazine Expert said online.
Armed with the Forbes magazine title of "the most powerful man in the world" and domestic approval ratings over 80%, Putin arrived in Australia with a flotilla of Russian navy vessels in tow.
The G20 summit had been expected to be the Russian president's toughest foreign visit since the start of the standoff between the Kremlin and the West over Russia's support for the separatists in eastern Ukraine.
Putin and the West had not been expected to reach a breakthrough over the Ukraine crisis, yet no one had expected hostilities to break out into the open.
In recent years Putin has habitually stolen the limelight at international gatherings, setting himself up as an outsider at G8 gatherings as the Kremlin agenda grew increasingly at odds with Western interests.
But the walkout in Brisbane took tensions to a whole new level.
Analysts said that Western leaders' increasingly vocal criticism of the Kremlin's policies and Putin's abrupt departure indicate that neither side was interested any longer in maintaining even a patina of civility.
'De-escalation did not pan out'
Fyodor Lukyanov, chairman of the Kremlin-connected Council on Foreign and Defence Policy, warned that Western criticism might just force Putin to harden his position.
"We are witnessing a further radicalisation of the positions of some Western countries, first and foremost North America and Australia, which is the summit host," Lukyanov said on Russian radio.
"There is no desire on their part to somehow soften this, on the contrary this is spilling into the public sphere. Well, the reaction is predictable -- Russia will also harden its stance."
Going into the summit, US President Barack Obama said Russia's aggression against Ukraine was "a threat to the world" and called the shooting down of Malaysian Airlines Flight MH17 over the rebel-held east of the ex-Soviet country in July "appalling".
Australia's Prime Minister Abbott accused Putin of trying to relive the "lost glories of tsarism".
Putin was also apparently rebuffed by Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper when the Russian leader approached him to shake hands.
"Well, I guess I'll shake your hand, but I only have one thing to say to you: you need to get out of Ukraine," said Harper, quoted by Canadian media.
The British premier accused Putin of undermining Russia's interests.
"You're not serving that country if, at the end of the day, the result is an economy under pressure, banks that can't raise money, a falling ruble, a stock market under pressure," Cameron was quoted as saying by British media.
The West this week accused Russia of sending fresh military hardware into eastern Ukraine, fuelling fears of a return to all-out conflict, and threatened Moscow with new sanctions if the violence intensifies.
Russia denies its troops are on the ground in Ukraine.
"De-escalation did not pan out. The EU may introduce new sanctions against Russia," said Gazeta.ru.
'More capricious, more attention'
Analysts also said Putin's walkout on the Western leaders would play well with his supporters back home.
"All the gestures of the Russian leader are aimed at the so-called Putin majority," Konstantin Kalachev, head of the Political Expert Group, told AFP.
He said Putin's attitude would be interpreted by his backers as: "What does Russia's national leader have to talk about with the rotten West?"
Kalachev also pointed out that by dispensing with diplomatic niceties Putin might be intentionally setting himself apart from other leaders.
"The more capricious, the more attention," he said.
Observers also pointed to Putin's charm offensive at APEC summit in Beijing ahead of the G20 where he caused an uproar by wrapping China's first lady Peng Liyuan in a shawl.
While some in Russia chalked up the gesture to Putin's old-school gallantry, others said it was the latest sign that the Russian leader considered himself above normal conventions.
"Vladimir Vladimirovich has his own style," journalist and former diplomat Alexander Baunov wrote for the liberal Slon.ru news website.
"This is also a hint at his own power."

Kolkata: Cellphone  thief  bobbitised  beaten to death by junior doctorsComments
In a gruesome incident, a group of junior doctors of NRS Medical College and Hospital allegedly tied a mobile phone thief to a pillar inside their hostel and beat him to death on Sunday. The victim is yet to be identified.
NRS Medical College and hospital in Kolkata where a 28-year-old man died after he was allegedly bobbitised and beaten by students and junior doctors. (Ramkrishna Samanta/HT Photo)
The police said the youth was beaten up with bamboo sticks on the third floor of the hostel, which is adjacent to the building where the college principal’s office is located. A razor was also retrieved from the spot.
The body has been sent to the NRS Hospital police morgue for a post-mortem examination. The Entally police have detained two employees of the college canteen, Benu Ondia and Pradip Giri, in this connection.
“He was declared brought dead to the emergency ward. Preliminary investigations pointed to assault. The police found him in the corridor of the building’s third floor. We found him with his hands tied. We’ve seized some wood and bamboo sticks and started a suo motu murder case,” Dhrubojyoti Dey, DCP, East Suburban Division, said.
“A case has been registered and the police are investigating. I’ve spoken to the principal. That’s all I have to say at this moment,” Dr Sashi Panja, women and child welfare minister and president of the governing body of the hospital, said. “A probe is on and the law will take its own course,” MoS ( Health) Chandrima Bhattacharya said.
Besides a police investigation, principal Manju Banerjee has also formed a seven-member committee to probe the incident. The panel will submit its report on Monday.
The incident happened on the third floor of the junior doctors’ hostel around 6am when the victim, an outsider, was allegedly found loitering around. He was apparently caught red-handed by a junior doctor in room No. 99 while stealing a cell phone. Other medical students rushed to the room when their colleague raised an alarm.
The junior doctors then reportedly dragged him to another room and tied him to a pillar. He became unconscious after being allegedly thrashed severely by the doctors. “I don’t know anything about it,” Ondia, the canteen employee, told journalists while he was being taken to the police station.
Contractual labourer Rabiul, the only eyewitness, confirmed that the youth was beaten to death. “Around 6am, I saw the youth, who was tied to a pillar, being thrashed by 10 to 12 students (junior doctors and medical students) with bamboo sticks,” Rabiul said.

Dearth of efficient surgeons to conduct tubectomies: DrPantPrint
Indian women who underwent sterilization surgeries receive treatment at the District Hospital in Bilaspur in Chhattisgarh on Wednesday, after at least a dozen died and many others fell ill following similar surgery. (Source: AP)
By: Press Trust of India | Indore | Posted: November 16, 2014 6:40 pm | Updated: November 16, 2014 6:49 pm
In the wake of 13 deaths due to botched tubectomy surgeries in Chhattisgarh and the raging debate over the way they were conducted, noted sterilisation expert Dr Lalitmohan Pant on Sunday said there was a “dearth” in country of efficient surgeons who carry out such procedures.
City-based Dr Pant (59), with around 3,30,000 sterilisation operations to his credit, also underlined the need to ensure good quality medicines during and after such surgeries.
“Deaths into Chhattisgarh tubectomies are like a stigma and a lesson should be learnt from it,” Dr Pant said.
The surgeon, whose consistent efforts found him a place in the Limca Book of World Records with the largest number of operations in day (816) besides 27,578 surgeries and 627 camps in one year, also emphasised the need of efficient family planning surgeons, saying this shortage need to be bridged.
“If quality doctors are in adequate number, the need of organising government sterilisation camps for undertaking massive number of operations won’t arise. This will help in doing away with holding such camps,” he said referring to the Chhattisgarh incident.
Dr Pant, who had worked a surgeon in a government hospital with specialisation in laproscopic sterilisation, added that government guidelines and the ground realities on carrying out these procedures are often at variance.
When asked on holding of sterilisation surgeries in a large number in government camps, he said it would be better that such operations take places in fully-equipped hospitals.
In Chhattisgarh incident, 12 out of 83 women died after they underwent laproscopic tubectomies at an abandoned hospital in Bilaspur district over last one week, while another death is reported from a different block in the same district.
Dr Pant, carrying out family planning operation since 1981, said it was “unfair” to hold only surgeons responsible for any complications in such procedures.
“If a patient dies after sterilisation, the society and media dub the doctor as a butcher or killer. This is not fair,” he said, adding the role of the “medicine mafia” should also come under a scanner in such instance.
Dr Pant said though government buys medicines from the lowest bidder, the purchase of good quality medicine should be made.

Peter Kassig beheading: US aid worker vowed to help Syriansprint
This handout photo released by the Kassig family shows Peter Kassig in front of a truck somewhere along the Syrian border between late 2012 and autumn 2013. (AFP Photo)
Peter Kassig, an American aid worker jihadists claim to have killed, had a "calling" to help Syrians suffering due to the devastating civil war in their country.
The 26-year-old former soldier disappeared on October 1, 2013 and was being held by the Islamic State group, which released a video Sunday claiming Kassig's execution and showing a masked militant standing over a severed head.
Kassig had been in the region since March 2012, when he traveled to Lebanon on a break from university, his family wrote on a Facebook page dedicated to raising awareness about his plight.
After witnessing the plight of those displaced by the war in neighboring Syria, he emailed a letter to family and friends telling them he was not coming home yet.
"I have tried to live my life in a way that displays what it is that I believe, but the truth is, much of my life I have only been searching for my calling, I had not yet found it," he wrote.
"Here, in this land, I have found my calling."
The young American, who was also trained as an emergency medical technician, went to Turkey and founded an aid group, his father, Ed Kassig, said in a video last month.
"He helped train 150 civilians in skills needed to provide medical aid to the people of Syria. His organization gave food, cooking supplies, clothing and medicine to those in need," Ed Kassig said as he pleaded for his son's release.
Desolation and hope
In an email to a friend in 2012, also posted on the Facebook page, Kassig wrote about the desolation of war and his hope for the future.
"How will I tell you of the walls riddled with bullets and the flowers that grow over them?" he wrote.
"War never ends, it just moves around... Loss and destruction in this land brings about only survival; the determination to press on and rebuild," he added.
"I can't be sure but I think I'm starting believe that as beautiful as it is to finish building a house, its a better feeling laying the first brick again after its been torn down..."
In a quotation on the Facebook page, he admits he at times wished for something different. The quote is attached as a caption to a photo showing Kassig brandishing a blood-clotting agent he obtained to help treat wounded in Syria.
"The truth is sometimes I really think I would like to do something else, but at the end of the day, this work is really the only thing that I have found that gives my life both meaning and direction."
Kassig, who converted to Islam during his captivity and took the Muslim name Abdel Rahman, said in a letter smuggled to his family his faith was intact.
"In terms of my faith, I pray every day, and I am not angry about my situation in that sense. I am in a dogmatically complicated situation here, but I am at peace with my belief."
'Scared to die'
In an October 3 video showing British aid worker Alan Henning's beheading, the threat was made that Kassig would be next.
IS has justified killing Western hostages as retaliation for US-led air strikes on the group over swathes of territory it has seized in Iraq and Syria.
In the letter received by his family in June, Kassig wrote that he was "scared to die".
"But the hardest part is not knowing, wondering, hoping and wondering if I should even hope at all. I am very sad all this has happened and for what all of you back home are going through.
"If I do die, I figure that at least you and I can seek refuge and comfort in knowing that I went out as a result of trying to alleviate suffering and helping those in need."

Sterilisation deaths: Maoists seek CM s resignationComments
The outlawed CPI (Maoist) has blamed Chhattisgarh chief minister Raman Singh and state health minister Amar Agrawal for the deaths of 13 women during a recent sterilisation drive and sought their resignation.
The Maoists dropped pamphlets and put up banners in Chhattisgarh's insurgency-hit Dantewada district protesting against the sterilisation tragedy. "The pamphlets and posters were recovered from a road near Kumharras village under Dantewada police station limits last evening," Dantewada superintendent of police Kamlochan Kashyap told PTI.
In the pamphlets, the West Bastar division committee of the banned outfit has alleged that the chief minister and the health minister were responsible for the deaths of the poor women during the sterilisation camps in Bilaspur district.
"They have lost the moral ground to continue in their positions," it said. The Chhattisgarh government has constituted a probe panel under a retired judge to investigate the botched surgeries that have also left 138 women ill.
While 12 of the 83 women, who were operated upon at Nemichand Jain Cancer and Research Centre at Pendari village of Takhatpur block on November 8 died, Chaiti Bai is the lone casualty from the camps at Pendra block, where around 56 women underwent surgeries at three different camps on November 10.
Laparoscopic surgeon Dr R K Gupta of Bilaspur district hospital, who performed tubectomy procedures on 83 women at a camp at Pendari village in a matter of few hours, was arrested.
Dr Gupta and Bilaspur's chief medical and health officer Dr R K Bhange were later dismissed from service by the state government. Ramesh Mahawar, director of a drug company-Mahawar Pharma Pvt Ltd which allegedly supplied sub-standard medicines that were administered to the victims of sterilisation surgeries, and his son Sumit have been arrested and all the products of their manufacturing unit have been banned.

DDA again postpones housing scheme draw as trial runs take too longDDA misses Monday date, again postpones draw
Sidhartha Roy , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, November 16, 2014
First Published: 18:12 IST(16/11/2014) | Last Updated: 10:26 IST(18/11/2014)
Comments
The Delhi Development Authority (DDA) has indefinitely postponed the date for a lucky draw of its much-sought-after housing scheme again.
It is learnt that the DDA was unable to wrap up the process in less than six hours during mock draws and hence postponed the actual draw.
The DDA wants the draw to be completed within 1-2 hours, but the huge data it has to process is resulting in the process taking 8-9 hours during trials.
“It is taking inordinately long time, and the process needs more time for optimization of data and process,” a DDA spokesperson said. “Some technical experts have been called to check the process and give their opinion so that during the final draw there are no technical problems."
 
“It was decided to give more time to the technical team which has been working nonstop on the draw for the last 72 hours,” she said. “We have decided to postpone the draw scheduled to be held on November 17. The next date of  draw will be announced as soon as the technical team is ready for the draw."
According to DDA officials, they are grappling with a huge number of applications - more than 10 lakh, which is the cause behind the delay and failed deadlines again and again.
#DDA housing scheme draw postponed again.
— Sidhartha Roy (@Sidhartha80) November 16, 2014
After missing many deadlines, the DDA had fixed Monday as the fresh date for the draw last week.
The draw of lots, which was initially scheduled to be held on November 5, was postponed to November 10 after delay in the processing of applications, which was again rescheduled for November 14 (which was also missed), according to DDA vice-chairman Balvinder Kumar.
The trial runs, or 'mock draw' are being jointly carried out by the Systems department of DDA and a team from C-DAC (Centre for Development of Advanced Computing) at the DDA headquarter Vikas Sadan.
C-DAC says it needs more time to streamline the process.
#DDA wants the draw to be completed within 1-2 hours but the huge data involved is resulting in the process taking 8-9 hours during trials.
— Sidhartha Roy (@Sidhartha80) November 16, 2014
"The problem is the huge number of applications and the large number of errors that crept into the forms that were submitted by applicants with designated banks," a senior official had earlier told HT.
Whenever it takes place, the draw will be webcast and people can watch it live by going to this link - http://www.ddadrawlive.in/
The DDA's housing scheme is a lottery that most Delhiites warm up to. But, as is the norm with lotteries, only few win.
The 2014 edition is its biggest ever with 25,034 flats on offer, even though 95% of these are one-bedroom flats.
Prices for the flats range from Rs. 6.10 lakh for a Janta flat to Rs. 1.20 crore for a three-bedroom flat. Prices of two bedroom flats are in the Rs. 70 lakh range, while the average price of one-bedroom flats range between Rs. 14 and Rs. 20 lakh.
The land development agency sold 17 lakh housing scheme forms.
The number of applications was low in the first month, but eventually a record 10,08,700 applications came in after the scheme was extended.
For every flat, there are approximately 40 applicants, which gives a buyer a 2.5% chance of landing that dream home.
Though better than the 2010 housing scheme, when there were 46 applicants for a flat, you still need to be very lucky when the DDA holds its draw of lots, which itself has been delayed several times.
The DDA's flats are not particularly known for their construction quality, space and designs, but the lure of a Delhi address triggers a mad rush every time the agency announces a scheme.
"The reason DDA flats are so popular is because there is a demand and supply mismatch of 90% in Delhi. The DDA is the only developer as no one else is allowed to build group housing projects," said Ramesh Menon, Director at Certes Realty, a real estate consultancy firm.
"The DDA sells a two-bedroom flat at Rs. 70-80 lakh, a price for which you can only get a flat in an unauthorised colony in Delhi or in distant sectors of Gurgaon or Greater Noida."
According to Menon, DDA flats are usually shabby and most of the agency's housing projects do not provide proper amenities, but the location and affordable pricing clinch make it a winner.
A flat that the DDA sells for Rs. 50 to Rs. 70 lakh would be available for Rs. 1-2 crore when bought at market prices, which attracts more investors than end users.
"Those working in or near Delhi find it easier to commute from a DDA flat because of the location and also because most of these areas are well connected by public transport," Menon said. "Also, schools and hospitals are present near these housing complexes along with other infrastructure."
Menon, however, said since DDA had a monopoly over housing in Delhi, it should also be accountable and offer better products. "It has only made 3.5 lakh residential units since its inception, while the demand has grown manifold."

http://usat.ly/1uyhS58Lower crude prices challenge Keystone pipeline
Dropping crude oil prices could undercut the Keystone XL Pipeline's appeal.
Post to Facebook
Lower crude prices challenge Keystone pipeline Dropping crude oil prices could undercut the Keystone XL Pipeline's appeal. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1qGAtqD
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
79
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Lower crude prices challenge Keystone pipeline
Rick Jervis , USA TODAY 1:16 p.m. EST November 14, 2014
Some of more than 350 miles of pipe awaiting shipment for the Keystone XL oil pipeline is stored at Welspun Tubular, in Little Rock, Ark., on Aug. 20, 2014.
(Photo: Danny Johnston, AP)
767 CONNECT 83 TWEET 13 LINKEDIN 79 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Backers of the Keystone XL pipeline became emboldened recently by the prospect of a Republican-led Congress finally pushing the project through.
But can dropping crude prices punch a hole in the controversial project?
The cost of benchmark West Texas Intermediate oil dropped to $74.42  a barrel on Thursday — a 25% drop from the triple-digit highs it reached this summer. Federal analysts have warned that producers in the Canadian oil sands — slated to be a top consumer of the pipeline — will need oil prices to stay between $65 and $75 a barrel to make production there economically feasible.
"Assuming prices fell in this range, higher transportation costs could have a substantial impact on oil sands production levels — possibly in excess of the capacity of the proposed project," said a U.S. State Department report on the pipeline released in January.
House approves Keystone XL pipeline, Senate up next
The 1,179-mile pipeline extension would carry tar sand oil from Canada to Nebraska, then be transported to refineries in Texas. It could carry some 830,000 barrels each day. President Obama has said he'll approve the project only if it doesn't "significantly exacerbate" the problem of carbon pollution. His administration is still studying the project.
But some members of Congress, led by Sen. Mary Landrieu, D-La., are moving ahead with efforts to immediately authorize Canadian firm TransCanada to build the pipeline. Lawmakers could vote on the issue as early as next week.
"We're in this interesting place where we have this push by Congress for the project at a time when the marketplace is telling us we don't need this new oil," said Anthony Swift, a staff attorney for the National Resources Defense Council, who has opposed the project. "The reality is tar sands crude only makes sense in the world of expensive oil. That's not the world we're likely to be in in the near or immediate future."
Needed or not, the sands-oil reserves in Alberta in Western Canada will likely continue producing crude into the foreseeable future, said Dinara Millington, vice president of research at Canadian Energy Research Institute, a Calgary-based independent, not-for-profit research group.
The break-even price to develop new greenfield projects at the reserves is at around $85 per barrel, so current crude prices could deter new projects, she said. But existing producers can continue pumping oil there at relatively low costs, Millington said. The oil-sands produce around 2.1 million barrels a day.
Also, conventional producers farther west in British Columbia and Saskatchewan will also be able to use the pipeline, bolstering its demand, she said.
"There's enough demand and supply fundamentals to make the economic case for the pipeline to be built," Millington said.
Customers to the pipeline have long-term contracts in place — some as high as 25 years — and its construction or use will not be impacted by the rise and fall of crude prices, Shawn Howard, a TransCanada spokesman, said in an email. He points out that customers did not shy away from the project when crude hit lows of $33 and $37 a barrel in 2009.
"Interest from customers to ship and receive oil through both Keystone XL remains strong and we continue to have a waiting list if space on Keystone XL becomes available," Howard said.
Still, the fact that crude is relatively cheap and there's more of it today than in recent years should shelve the project altogether, Swift said.
"We are in a dramatically different environment than we were in when Keystone was proposed in 2008," he said. "We don't need to consider paying that (environmental) cost."
767 CONNECT 83 TWEET 13 LINKEDIN 79 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1qGAtqD
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

http://usat.ly/11ryOjdHope for the holidays: Retail sales rebound in Oct.
Economists' median forecast was a 0.2% increase, according to Action Economics' survey
Post to Facebook
Hope for the holidays: Retail sales rebound in Oct. Economists' median forecast was a 0.2% increase, according to Action Economics' survey Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1u9LHI3
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
14
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Hope for the holidays: Retail sales rebound in Oct.
Paul Davidson and Gary Strauss, USA Today 6:05 p.m. EST November 14, 2014
Economists expect low gasoline prices to lift retail sales.  (AP/Jeff Chiu)
(Photo: Jeff Chiu, AP)
108 CONNECT 119 TWEET 27 LINKEDIN 14 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Retail sales rebounded in October as tumbling gasoline prices left consumers with more discretionary cash.
Retail sales increased 0.3% last month, roughly in line with the 0.2% jump expected by economists surveyed by Action Economics. Excluding volatile auto purchases, sales rose 0.3%.
The rise "was even stronger than it looks because the headline figure was depressed by a price-related drop in gasoline station sales,'' says economist Paul Diggle of Capital Economics.
Retail sales fell 0.3% in September, sparking a stock sell-off in October.
Last month, a core measure of sales that excludes autos, gasoline, food services and building materials jumped 0.5%, a positive sign for the holiday shopping season.
"Discretionary spending improved significantly, sending a clear signal that this holiday retail season is looking significantly brighter,'' said Chris Christopher, director of U.S. consumer economics for IHS Global Insight.
Sales were brisk at clothing stores, rising 0.5% compared to September. Sales also increased solidly at furniture and health and personal care stores. Sales fell 1.6% at electronics and appliance retailers after surging in September on the rollout of the iPhone 6.
Consumer spending this year has continued to be tempered by modest average annual wage growth of about 2%, tainting a recovery that has accelerated amid stronger factory output and business investment.
But plunging gas prices since July has boosted consumer confidence to a seven-year high and prompted economists to predict that consumers will spend much of the fuel savings on other purchases, juicing holiday sales.
Gas prices now average $2.91 a gallon nationally, down 78 cents from 2014's $3.69 peak.
Walmart, which reported third-quarter results Thursday, credited lower gas prices for a 0.5% gain in same-store sales, the retailer's first quarterly sales gain since 2012.
Lower gas prices - expected to  bottom at about $2.79 a gallon by mid-December according to price tracker gasbuddy.com - will likely provide a boost to holiday spending.
A survey released Friday by the National Association of Convenience Stores found 51% of men and 56% of those aged 18 to 34 say they are more likely to increase holiday spending.
"Our surveys over the past two years show that gas prices clearly play a major role in consumer sentiment about the economy," said  NACS spokesman Jeff Lenard.

Putin says good chance of ending Ukraine crisis  West threatens more sanctionsRussian President Vladimir Putin.
By: Reuters | Brisbane | Posted: November 16, 2014 11:22 am | Updated: November 16, 2014 11:37 am
Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Sunday there was a “good chance” of resolving the conflict in Ukraine as Western leaders squarely blamed Moscow and threatened to slap more sanctions if it did not take action to end the crisis.
Putin was speaking at a G20 leaders summit in Brisbane where he has come under intense pressure, with Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper telling him to “get out of Ukraine”.
The leaders of the United States, Japan and Australia vowed to oppose Russian aggression, and European leaders including German Chancellor Angela Merkel have warned of more sanctions unless Russia withdraws troops and weapons from Ukraine and ends its support for pro-Russian separatist rebels.
The crisis has taken relations between Russia and the West a post-Cold War low. Sanctions aimed at sectors like oil and banking, as well as individuals close to Putin, are squeezing Russia’s economy at a time when falling oil prices are straining the budget and the rouble has plunged on financial markets.
Elsewhere at the summit, the United States and other nations overrode host Australia’s attempts to keep climate change off the formal agenda. The communique at the end of the meeting will include a significant passage on climate change, EU officials said. Russia has denied any involvement in the conflict in Ukraine that has killed more than 4,000 people this year.
“Today the situation (in Ukraine) in my view has good chances for resolution, no matter how strange it may sound, but certain structures had been established on both sides that could handle the tasks they are facing better,” Putin told reporters before he left Brisbane ahead of he formal ending of the summit.
U.S. President Barack Obama, Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe lined up together against Russia on Sunday, vowing to oppose what they called Moscow’s efforts to destabilise eastern Ukraine.
Speaking after a rare trilateral meeting on the sidelines of the summit, the three said they would oppose “Russia’s purported annexation of Crimea and its actions to destabilise eastern Ukraine”, and were committed to “bringing to justice those responsible for the downing of Flight MH17.”
The Malaysian Airlines flight was shot down over Ukraine earlier this year. Obama is due to meet European leaders to discuss Ukraine later in the day and EU foreign ministers will meet on Monday to consider further steps, including additional possible sanctions on Russia.
SECURITY, CLIMATE CHANGE
Security and climate change have overshadowed G20 talks on boosting flagging global economic growth at the summit. “The most difficult discussion was on climate change,” an EU official told reporters on condition of anonymity. “This was really trench warfare, this was really step by step by step. In the end we have references to most of the things we wanted.”
As world leaders debated how to tackle climate change, environmental protesters outside the summit venue sweltered in the scorching heat of the Australian summer. Australia, one of the world’s biggest carbon emitters continued…

IS claims beheading of US worker | UK PM ho...You are here: Home > Collections
IS claims beheading of US aid worker, 18 Syrians
AFP Nov 16, 2014, 05.05PM IST
(The man stood over a severed…)
BEIRUT: The Islamic State jihadist group on Sunday claimed to have executed Peter Kassig, a US aid worker kidnapped in Syria, as a warning to the United States.
The same video showed the gruesome simultaneous beheadings of at least 18 men described as Syrian military personnel, the latest in a series of mass executions and other atrocities carried out by IS.
"This is Peter Edward Kassig, a US citizen of your country," said a black-clad militant wearing a balaclava, the same outfit worn by the man who beheaded two American journalists and two British aid workers in earlier videos.
The man stood over a severed head bearing a resemblance to Kassig, a former American soldier who risked his life to provide medical treatment and aid to those suffering from Syria's civil war.
Kassig, a 26-year-old from Indiana who was kidnapped in 2013 in Syria's Deir Ezzor province, also worked in hospitals and clinics treating Syrians who fled to neighbouring Turkey and Lebanon.
He wrote to his parents saying: "If I do die, I figure that at least you and I can seek refuge and comfort in knowing that I went out as a result of trying to alleviate suffering and helping those in need."
The militant in the video made no mention of Kassig's aid work, only referring to his time as a US soldier in Iraq.
"Here, we are burying the first American crusader in Dabiq, eagerly waiting for the remainder of your armies to arrive," the militant said.
Dabiq is the site of a major 16th century battle in what is now northern Syria that saw the Ottomans defeat the Mamluks and begin a major expansionist phase of an empire the IS group considers to have been the last caliphate.
In a highly choreographed sequence earlier in the video, jihadists marched at least 18 prisoners said to be Syrian officers and pilots past a wooden box of long black military knives, each taking one as they passed, then forced them to kneel in a line and decapitated them.
"Today, we're slaughtering the soldiers of Bashar," the same black-clad militant said, referring to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.
"Tomorrow, we'll be slaughtering your (US) soldiers. And with Allah's permission, we will break this final and last crusade, and the Islamic State will... begin to slaughter your people on your streets."
IS spearheaded a militant offensive that overran much of Iraq's Sunni Arab heartland since June after seizing major territory in neighbouring Syria, and carried out a series of atrocities in both countries.
The group has killed hundreds of Iraqi and Syrian tribesmen who opposed it, attacked religious and ethnic minorities, sold women as slaves, executed scores of Iraqi security personnel and carried out beheadings on camera.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Winter Session to see if Sena and BJP still remain alliesMaharashtra
(This is in spite of the fact…)
NEW DELHI: The winter session of Parliament beginning next week is expected to see whether the friends- turned-foes in Maharashtra would remain allies at the Centre.
Shiv Sena, which has been the oldest ideological ally of the BJP, is sitting in the Opposition benches in Maharashtra while its nominee is part of the Narendra Modi Cabinet in New Delhi.
Interestingly, ahead of the Parliament session, Sharad Pawar's NCP has become a strange bedfellow of BJP in Maharashtra while being the second largest constituent of Congress-led UPA in Delhi.
"We have not taken a decision about our future course of action. There have been some issues of discord. We have differences of opinion on some matters," Shiv Sena spokesman and leader of the party in Rajya Sabha Sanjay Raut told PTI.
A tussle appeared to be on in Shiv Sena on the course to be adopted with a section still seeking sharing of power with BJP while another wanting the party to play the role of the opposition.
This is in spite of the fact that the way the Devendra Fadnavis government secured trust vote in the Maharashtra Assembly has widened the gap between BJP and Shiv Sena.
A section in the BJP is also uncomfortable due to the support from NCP which the Prime Minister himself had dubbed during the Assembly election campaign as a "Naturally Corrupt Party". This section feels that the BJP will have to pay heavily if it takes support of NCP in Maharashtra.
On the other hand, Pawar while extending his support to BJP beyond Maharashtra Legislature took a broom in his hands two days back in a gesture signaling a new found bonhomie between the two parties.
On Friday, Pawar, accompanied by his family members including his daughter and MP Supriya Sule, former Maharashtra Deputy Chief Minister Ajit Pawar besides party general secretary D P Tripathi, swept a road in his hometown Baramati in full glare of cameras.
The action seemed to drive home the message of 'Swachh Bharat' campaign of the Modi-led NDA government.
However, in an effort to stamp NCP's distinct identity in the drive, Pawar had, in a press conference held in Pune a few days back, had announced that his party activists would undertake the cleanliness drive in view of the rampant dengue cases in Maharashtra.
In New Delhi, NCP has scotched speculation and has decided to attend the two-day international conference of Congress on Jawaharlal Nehru beginning from tomorrow.
Pawar has asked Tripathi to attend the event and the NCP general secretary has already intimated Congress President Sonia Gandhi's political secretary Ahmed Patel in this regard.
Congress has not invited Prime Minister Narendra Modi or any other other BJP leader for the conference it is organising to mark the 125th birth anniversary of Jawaharlal Nehru, joining the battle with Modi, who it accuses of trying to appropriate freedom movement leaders.
Though party chief Sonia Gandhi had extended the invitation to Pawar, Congress was in double mind over the issue after NCP extended support to the BJP during trust vote in Maharashtra.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Student is saddled with heavy loans when her father renegs on paying for collegeRSS
The family background: “I am helping my niece pay for college,” the person wrote. “I’m glad to do it, and she is doing terrifically well — nearly straight A’s in a demanding program, got selected to a prestigious honor society, and is volunteering some time to a worthwhile cause — all the right things.”
The financial background: There was a plan to pay for college. The reader volunteered to cover about 40 percent of the niece’s education expenses. The young woman’s father — the reader’s brother — agreed to pick up about 40 percent, and the niece would make up the rest with earnings from summer jobs and a small scholarship.
The battle: The dad reneged on his part.
“To my surprise, I saw student loans come up on her financial account at the college (to which I have access since I’m listed as ‘donor’ to her account). I asked her and her dad about this, and it turns out he decided it was a better use of his money to contribute to his retirement account! Granted, his retirement is not too far away. He is 60, but still, that was not the plan.”
The father decided his share would be covered by student loans taken out by the daughter. She has unsubsidized and subsidized federal Stafford loans. In the case of a subsidized Stafford loan — based on financial need — the federal government pays the interest while the student is enrolled in school.
With an unsubsidized loan, which is not based on financial need, the student is responsible for the interest payments, which begin to accrue immediately unless the borrower decides to defer them until after graduation. Most students take the latter option, in which case, the interest is tacked onto the loan. This, of course, increases the size of the loan. The interest rate for unsubsidized and subsidized loans is 4.66 percent for the 2014-15 academic year.
Is it fair that the father defaulted on the deal?
“I feel like he is breaking our agreement and making his daughter pay the cost of something he had agreed to cover,” the reader said, “but he thinks it will all come out even in the end when he pays it off, although now I don’t completely trust he will live up to that.
“So, is he right? Seems like a bad plan to me, as I’m a strong believer in the ‘pay as you go’ theory. What do you think?”
The bottom line: I’m siding with the reader.
The girl’s father has ticked off a very generous donor, which could work to the detriment of his daughter.
Although the father is right to be concerned about saving and investing enough for his retirement, he broke his word. I would feel like a chump if I were helping a relative with my savings only to find out that the child’s parent was sticking her with loans.
I often hear experts say that when it comes to borrowing to help your kids go to college or investing for your retirement, it’s better to take out the loans for school because you can’t borrow for retirement.
It’s true, and yet it often gives people the license to borrow too much for college without considering the risks of that financial move as well. What if in three years the market tanks and the dad’s retirement portfolio has lost money? Then what?
The answer is that he won’t have the money to pay off the college loans.
If the father didn’t have enough cash to keep up his end of the bargain, he should not have made the deal. If he realized later that he couldn’t pay for college and save for his retirement, he should have been more forthcoming to his sibling. Perhaps together they could have come up with ways to avoid the loans.
But here’s the thing: Keep your word to your niece. Because, as angry as you have a right to be with her father, it’s still about the young woman. Even if the father leaves her with the debt, your 40 percent will make her financial hole a lot less deep.
If you’re mired in a money dispute with family members, send the story of your dilemma to
colorofmoney@washpost.com
. Let me help you figure out who’s right in your family feud. In the subject line, put “Family Feud.” You can remain anonymous.
Readers may write to Michelle Singletary at The Washington Post, 1150 15th St. NW, Washington, D.C. 20071 or
michelle.singletary@washpost.com

Why Small Businesses MUST Focus on Net Neutralityreddit
Assuming you haven't been stuck under a large rock this week (or enjoying DC's new recreational pot law), you've probably seen headlines such as The President May Have Just Saved The Internet (Huffington Post) and Obama's Plan to Save the Internet (Business Insider).
President Obama just made a statement calling on the FCC to "implement the strongest possible rules to protect net neutrality," and suddenly everyone seems to be talking about this issue again.
Everyone, that is, except small business owners. (Cue the crickets.) Why does it seem that no one in the small business community is discussing or getting active about a policy issue that has the potential to seriously impact our livelihoods?
My first guess is that it's because we are simply occupied with concerns like making payroll, bringing in the next contract and, well... doing business.
Alternatively, some of us may not be sure what the term means. If that is the case, let's talk. Here is a quick-and-dirty definition to get you up to speed: The principle of "net neutrality" is, roughly, the notion that no person or organization should be able to pay Internet service providers (ISPs)  extra money in order to cut to the front of the line and get their products, services, or ideas delivered to the public faster than anyone else. In other worlds, all data is created equal.
Because an environment of net neutrality is what we are used to, it's easy to assume that it will always stay this way and that all of us will be able to get whatever content we want, whenever we want it. The problem is that there is currently no legal structure in place to keep the Internet free and open to all alike, and ISPs are chomping at the bit to start charging those with lots of money as much as they can for the privilege of using the "fast lane" (I don't need to tell you what lane that will leave the rest of us in).
So, no matter how busy we all are, as a community we need to make time to get informed and vocal about an issue that could have a very real impact on us. Let's look at an analogy from the "offline" world to drive the point home.
A Tale of Two Flower Shops
Let's say you own a flower shop and one of your competitors in the neighborhood is owned by a mega corporation. Imagine what would happen if the mega corporation could pay the department of transportation to keep the road leading to its store beautifully maintained, while allowing your road to fall into disrepair and full of potholes, with various roadblocks along the way. Someone in the market for some orchids would not want to put up with the extra time and hassle involved in going down that bumpy road to your shop.
This scenario sounds ridiculous, because that's not how our roads work. They are considered a public resource that everyone needs to have equal access to, and so public money goes toward ensuring that they are all maintained equally. In fact, one reason the president's announcement made news was that he proposed legally reclassifying the Internet as a public utility, which would mean it would be treated more like a public road or the telephone system, guaranteeing equal access as in the graphic below:
The end of the Internet as we know it?
In case you think I'm being an alarmist and that I need to spend less time sunbathing in my tinfoil hat, take a look at a recent battle between Comcast and Netflix as a preview of what a future Internet might look like. In 2013, Comcast punished Netflix for its refusal to pay a special "connection fee," by purposely slowing down, or "throttling," Netflix's stream to Comcast customers.
Once Netflix agreed to pay up in January 2014, its download speeds to Comcast customers shot way back up. Take a look at the thick black line below, which illustrates what Comcast was doing to Netflix service in the periods before, during (Oct '13-Jan'14), and after the dispute. (Looking at this chart, you can almost hear someone standing over a throttling machine and cackling, "You like your sweet data don't you?")
This is not a partisan issue! 
Some Republican leaders in Congress have been loudly opposing the president's net neutrality plan, but neutrality is one area in which the leadership of the Republican party is out of step with the rank-and-file. Although Ted Cruz has been trying to demagogue the issue by comparing net neutrality to "Obamacare for the internet," the public isn't buying it. A recent poll found that 83 percent percent of conservative voters favored congressional action to prevent ISPs from charging more for faster access.
What can you do?
Let's make noise! Talk about this issue. Talk to your Congressman/or Congresswoman lately? This is a good issue to call about. What about your local chamber? Are they on top of this issue? Write a blog, type a tweet, send smoke signals, just talk about the issue so leaders know that we small businesses care.
This is still a live issue because at least 4 million people have left comments for the FCC about this. So many people went onto the FCC web site to comment on this several months agao that the site actually crashed. All this pressure is having a major impact on policy makers, but huge companies who want to benefit from a non-neutral internet are not going to go down without a fight. Click here to file a public comment to keep the Internet free and open equally, to all products, services, and ideas.
_______________
Erika Dickstein is a Web Strategist located in the DC metro area. She specializes in working with small businesses on creating strategic goal-oriented websites. You can connect with her at www.springinsight.com .
Follow Erika Dickstein on Twitter: www.twitter.com/springinsight
More:

Buffetts P&G deal will save billions in taxesBy Drew Harwell November 13 Follow @drewharwell
Warren Buffett, Berkshire Hathaway chairman and chief executive, during an interview Thursday. (Nati Harnik/AP)
Warren Buffett on Thursday unveiled one heck of a playground swap: The legendary investor said he’ll give back $4.7 billion in shares he owns in Procter & Gamble, if the consumer-products giant hands over its newly recharged Duracell battery brand.
But don’t call it a sale. The unusual maneuver requires a level of cash and savvy that few mega-dealmakers could ever offer. The best part? Both sides could end up saving billions of dollars in taxes.
It’s called a “cash-rich split-off,” and it’s 100 percent legal under the country’s tax code. It’s also become a Buffett signature, offering all the perks of a high-level business trade with none of the costly downsides of a traditional sale.
“It’s a fantastic transaction,” said Bob Willens, a New York tax expert. “Every single time you see one, you marvel at how beneficial it is.”
It works like this. Procter & Gamble will give about $1.8 billion to Duracell, America’s biggest battery maker, then trade the company for the 52 million P&G shares owned by Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway.
The switcheroo is great for Procter & Gamble, which said last month it wanted to slim down by ditching half of its nearly 200 brands. The conglomerate gets to drop Duracell quickly and cleanly, dodge the mess and shareholder concerns of a protracted sale, and even stop paying regular dividends to Buffett’s Berkshire, which now owns a 2 percent stake in P&G.
But it’s just as sweet for the famed “Oracle of Omaha,” who will take over a big business for chump change. That wouldn’t have been the case if it was a sale. Because Buffett’s Berkshire bought its shares for about $336 million and they’re now worth about $4.7 billion, he would have had to pay a tax rate of about 38 percent on those billions of dollars in corporate gains.
Procter & Gamble will likely save just as much on its corporate taxes through “splitting off” Duracell instead of selling it. The deal, as P&G  put it , “maximizes the after-tax value of the Duracell business and is tax efficient for P&G.”
The cash-rich deal is unusual — Willens can remember about 30 such trades since the ’90s — because it takes a lot of different factors to accomplish: Namely, the cash part. The “seller” must agree to pump a ton of money into something it’s getting rid of, and the “buyer” must both own shares tied to the seller and want to give them away.
But it’s a tactic Buffett has tapped several times in deals involving the Phillips 66 energy company, Whitemountain Insurance and Graham Holdings, formerly The Washington Post Co. The latter deal, which likely saved both sides $675 million in taxes , was so emblematic of Buffett’s engineering that tax expert Willens, in a report earlier this year, called it “divorce, Omaha style.”
Berkshire became one of P&G’s biggest stakeholders in 2005 when the conglomerate bought razor giant Gillette, one of Buffett’s many investments. Berkshire owns more than 80 brands, including Geico and Fruit of the Loom.
Duracell is a titan of the world’s alkaline battery industry, creating not just the AA, C and 9-volt batteries that go in your kids’ toys and TV remotes, but batteries for hearing aids, cell phones, medical devices and home security systems.
“I have always been impressed by Duracell, as a consumer and as a long-term investor in P&G and Gillette,” Buffett said in a statement. “Duracell is a leading global brand with top-quality products, and it will fit well within Berkshire Hathaway.”
Drew Harwell is a national business reporter at The Washington Post.

What to do when you havent saved a dime for your kids college educationBy Danielle Douglas-Gabriel November 12 Follow @DaniDougPost
Don’t have much money saved for your college-bound kid? There are options.  (AP Photo/Susan Walsh)
Your high school senior comes home with a stack of college applications. As thrilled as you are, you get a sinking feeling because you’ve saved nothing to cover the costs of her dream school. Now what?
There are options available to help you pay for your child’s education. A crucial first step is having a frank conversation with your college-bound student about your finances. Figure out how much you can contribute, but don’t immediately write off expensive schools, said Lauren Asher, president of the Institute for College Access & Success, an education nonprofit.
“Look beyond the sticker price,” she said. “It doesn’t tell you much about what you and your child will be expected to pay at a specific schools. Most people don’t pay the full sticker price because aid can help offset the costs.”
Colleges are required to post net-price calculators on their Web sites to give families an estimate of what they can expect to pay based on such factors as income, bank balances and test scores. Calculators vary from school to school, but they paint a more accurate picture of individual pricing than the standard cost of attendance found in applications.
Consider this: While the full price of tuition, fees and living expenses averaged $40,920 at private colleges in the 2013-2014 academic year, the amount students actually paid averaged $23,290 after scholarships and grants, according to the College Board. Student aid lowered the average cost of public colleges from $18,390 to $12,620.
Those five-figure averages may still seem daunting, but the calculation is a starting point. To get a truly complete picture of what your child is eligible for, you’ll have to fill out the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA), which colleges use to determine the amount of aid to award to students. FAFSA forms for the 2015-2016 school year come out in January, so look out for those then.
In the meantime, here’s a cheat sheet for getting a jump on what your options are:
FEDERAL & PRIVATE STUDENT LOANS: Chances are, your child will have to borrow some money to pay for college. Students can either get money directly from the federal government or private lenders — banks, credit unions and other financial firms that provide education loans.
There are a few types of federal student loans. Subsidized Stafford loans are earmarked for lower income students whose families can’t contribute much, while unsubsidized loans are open to everyone. The other big difference is the government pays the interest on subsidized loans while your child is in school, which is not the case with unsubsidized debt.
“There is no income cap for federal student loans,” Asher noted. “Subsidized Stafford loan eligibility is based on a combination of your family’s resources and the cost of the school, so in some cases, a child from a high-income family applying to a high-cost school might still qualify.”
There are caps on how much students can borrow that increase on an annual basis. In the 2013-2014 academic year, freshmen could take out no more than $5,500, sophomores $6,500 and so on. Students can borrow more if they are legally independent of their parents.
Students may also qualify for a Perkins loan, which uses federal money and payments from prior recipients to help the neediest kids. Your child has to attend a participating school to be eligible, and the pool of money available varies from one school to another.
How do you pay back these loans? Federal loans, including Stafford and Perkins, are eligible for government programs called income-driven repayment plans , which could be a big help for your child after graduation. These plans, with such names as Pay as You Earn, are designed to help people who leave school with debt that exceeds, or comes close to exceeding, what they earn in a year. Say your daughter graduates with $29,000 in student loans and lands a job earning $30,000 a year. If she has a hard time keeping up with all of her bills, she could apply to have the government limit her monthly payments to as low as 10 percent of disposable income or $104.
There’s also private borrowing options, but keep in mind that new private loans are not eligible for these helpful government repayment plans. Private loans also typically carry higher interest rates than federal loans, so they are recommended as a last resort. Lenders often require a co-signer, which means you could be saddled with your child’s debt if he fails to pay.
Financial planners say the total amount of debt your child takes out should be no more than the starting annual salary in his or her desired profession. The average starting salary for 2013 grads with a bachelor’s degree was $45,000, according to the National Association of Colleges and Employers. Keep that in mind as you borrow from year to year.
Bottom Line: Use private loans sparingly, if at all. Federal loans have more repayment options and consumer protections, but that doesn’t give you the go-ahead to load up on debt.
FEDERAL PARENT LOANS: Through what’s known as the federal PLUS program, parents can borrow up to the full cost attendance, minus the aid the student receives. That means between you and your child, you two could cover the full cost of school. But be careful.
You shouldn’t take on more debt than you can pay back in 10 years or less, said Mark Kantrowitz, publisher of Edvisors.com, a college planning Web site. He recommends that the total amount you borrow for all of your children should be less than your annual income, assuming that retirement is more than 10 years away. If retirement is only five years away, you should be borrowing half as much.
Unlike the federal loans offered to students, a credit check is required. Parent PLUS loans drew criticism last year when tighter credit requirements led to a spike in rejection rates, which disproportionately impacted historically black colleges that rely heavily on such funding. Starting next year, however, it will be easier for parents to obtain PLUS loans as the Department of Education will only check the past two, not five, years of their credit histories.
“PLUS is a tricky program because you want families to have access to education, but at the same time you want to make sure they are not being burdened by excessive debt,” said Jesse O’Connell, assistant director for federal relations at the National Association of Student Financial Aid Administrators. “It’s an important tool, but one that is best used carefully.”
Bottom Line: It’s typically easier to qualify for a PLUS loan than a private loan. You can apply to defer payments if you’re struggling to pay, but federal PLUS loans do not qualify for repayment programs pegged to income. As with any form of credit, don’t over-extend yourself, especially if you’re nearing retirement.
SCHOLARSHIPS & GRANTS: Let’s talk about free money. It’s highly unlikely that your kid will get a scholarship that covers the full cost of attendance, but you could cobble together a few awards to reduce your contribution, Kantrowitz said.
Students received an average $6,200 in scholarships, grants or tuition waivers from federal, state or private sources in 2011-2012, according to the most recent data from the government’s National Postsecondary Student Aid Study. Based on an analysis of that study, Kantrowitz estimates that one in eight students received private scholarships that academic year.
“If you’re a talented student, you can win scholarships. But don’t put all of your eggs in one basket,” he said.
Stick to free scholarship matching services offered by companies such as Fastweb, College Board or Sallie Mae. Apply to as many scholarships as possible, especially smaller ones that tend to be easier to win because they are less popular, Kantrowitz said.
There are also federal grants that your child may be eligible for based on financial need. Pell Grants, the most common federal grant program, awarded a maximum of $5,730 for the 2014-2015 academic year. Grants have not kept pace with the cost of college, although the government has incrementally upped funding.
Bottom Line: Very few kids land a scholarship to cover the entire cost of attendance, so don’t sit back and wait for that golden ticket. Have your child apply to as many scholarships as possible, even while he or she is in college.
FEDERAL WORK-STUDY: If you think your child is responsible enough to balance school and work, take advantage of the federal work-study program.
Schools receive a subsidy from the government to pay up to 50 percent of a student’s wages for part-time work on campus or at a nonprofit or public agency. These are hourly jobs that pay at least the federal minimum wage. Here’s the tricky part: the money isn’t directly applied to tuition, instead students are given the autonomy to use it as they seem fit.
Awards are based on financial need and the pool of money the school receives. According to the government, schools disbursed about $1.2 billion through work study programs in the 2012-2013 academic year. Congress hasn’t poured much money into this program, so funding has been relatively flat over that past few years.
Bottom Line: Work-study jobs tend not to pay much, but every bit counts. If your child signs up for a work-study program, make sure you two create a plan for spending the paycheck. All of the money could be spent on living expenses or a portion earmarked books, but it’s best to agree beforehand.
529 PLAN: One of the best ways to save for your child’s education is to open a 529 savings plan, financial advisors say. These accounts are akin to 401k retirement plans because contributions are invested and the earnings are not subject to federal, and in most cases state, taxes. You can usually choose among a variety of investment options, including stocks, bonds or money market funds.
States sponsor these plans for a fee, but you don’t have to select a plan where you live. Shop around for plans with low fund management fees and commissions to maximize your earnings. You can open a plan through an investment broker or directly from the plan sponsor. You generally won’t be taxed on the money you put into a 529 plan as long as it’s used for college expenses. But you will be hit with a 10 percent penalty for using the money for anything besides paying for school.
It is never too late to sign up for a 529 plan, even though financial advisers say parents should open one at birth to maximize the savings.
“You could do a big lump-sum contribution, even at the last minute,” Kantrowitz said. Individual annual contributions are capped at $14,000, but you can funnel up to $70,000 into the plan as a lump sum and elect to have the evenly spread out over five years.
Bottom Line: Having money stashed away in a tax-advantaged plan to pay for school is a great way for your child to avoid graduating with mounds of debt. But investing in a 529 plan will likely reduce your child’s eligibility to receive need-based financial aid.
Have questions about student financial aid? Send us your questions at danielle.douglas@washpost.com.
Read More:

Qatar sheltering Al Qaeda financiers: US off...al Qaeda
(However, the US Treasury…)
LONDON: A top US official has accused Qatar of sheltering two financiers of the global terror network, Al Qaeda, media reported Sunday.
David Cohen , the US Treasury under-secretary for terrorism and financial intelligence, said that the two alleged paymasters of global terrorism were "living freely" in the Gulf state, the Daily Mail reported.
Cohen confirmed the presence of Khalifa Muhammad Turki al-Subaiy and Abd al-Rahman bin Umayr al Nuaymi in Doha in a speech in Washington, the transcript of which was obtained by the Sunday Telegraph.
"There are US and UN-designated terrorist financiers in Qatar (who) have not been acted against under Qatari law," Cohen said.
He accused Qatar and its neighbour Kuwait of being "permissive jurisdictions for terrorist financing".
However, the US Treasury said that it could not disclose further classified information on the two alleged terror financiers, the report said, citing the Sunday Telegraph.
Al-Nuaymi was added to a list of suspects targeted with financial sanctions in Britain in October after the country's government confirmed that he was banned from doing business in Britain.
It comes 10 months after the US authorities imposed sanctions on him, saying that al-Nuaymi was a "terrorist financier and facilitator who has provided money and material support and conveyed communications to the Al Qaeda and its affiliates in Syria, Iraq, Somalia and Yemen for more than a decade".
The US Treasury said he was "considered among the most prominent Qatar-based supporters of Iraqi Sunni extremists" and "reportedly oversaw the transfer of over $2 million a month to (the) Al Qaeda in Iraq (over) a period of time".
Al-Nuayami, on his part, has denied breaking the law and maintained that he was being persecuted over criticism of his US policy in the region.
On the other hand, Al Subaiy, a former employee at the Qatari Central Bank, "provided financial support to Al Qaeda" on behalf of the group's senior leaders, including Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, according to the US.
It is held that he lived freely in the Gulf state for a number of years in the '90s while he was wanted for terrorist offences in the US.
The pair is accused of raising millions of dollars for Al Qaeda and other jihadi groups and sending it to the terror group in Syria and Iraq.
It is alleged that both men have been kept out of jail owing to their links with figures of authority in Qatar.
Qatar, however, insists that it did not support jihadis fighting in Syria and Iraq and operating out of the Gulf.
Ironically, the country introduced a designated terrorist list, but not one person has been added to it so far.
FEATURED ARTICLES

NASA shows images of Earth s sanctuaries in ...NASA shows satellite images of Earth's sanctuaries in book
By PTI | 16 Nov, 2014, 05.54PM IST
The book released recently highlights how the view from space is being used to protect some of the world's most interesting, changing, and threatened places.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
WASHINGTON: From the weaving waterways of the Sundarbans to the iconic Great Barrier Reef in Australia , NASA has unveiled stunning satellite images of Earth's last untouched sanctuaries in a new book.
The efforts to conserve parks and protected areas around the world are being aided by Earth observations from space-based sensors operated by NASA and other space agencies as well as commercial providers.
The book released recently highlights how the view from space is being used to protect some of the world's most interesting, changing, and threatened places, NASA said.
"Sanctuary: Exploring the World's Protected Areas from Space," published by the Institute for Global Environmental Strategies (Arlington, Virginia) with support from NASA, debuted at the 2014 World Parks Congress in Sydney, Australia.
Uniting satellite imagery with nature photography, descriptions of conservation projects, and comments from park leaders and conservationists, "Sanctuary" illustrates the contributions remote sensing is making to reaching conservation goals, responding to climate change, and improving human health and well-being.
"NASA and numerous other space agency partners from around the globe have used this view from space to make incredible scientific advances in our understanding of how our planet works," NASA Administrator Charles Bolden wrote in the book's foreword.
"As a result, we can now better gauge the impact of human activity on our environment and measure how and why our atmosphere, oceans, and land are changing," wrote Bolden.
"As a former astronaut who has looked upon our beautiful planet from space, I hope that we can advance the use of space-based remote sensing and other geospatial tools to study, understand, and improve the management of the world's parks and protected areas as well as the precious biodiversity that thrives within their borders," he wrote.
There are about 209,000 protected areas worldwide, covering 14 per cent of the planet's land and 11 per cent of coastal areas, as well as 3.6 per cent of the world's oceans.
Protected areas featured in "Sanctuary" include Hawaii's Papaphanaumokuakea Marine National Monument, New Zealand's Mount Egmont National Park, the weaving waterways of the Sundarbans in Bangladesh, and the Great Barrier Reef in Australia.
One type of conservation effort highlighted in the book is the growing trend of connecting areas to protect migrating species such as the pronghorn, which migrates the longest distance of any terrestrial animal in the US: more than 350 miles.

Russia-West tensions soar as Putin quits G20...APEC
(Putin, who prides himself…)
MOSCOW: Vladimir Putin's early exit from a G20 summit in Australia after an icy reception from world leaders may further stoke Russia-West tensions and lead to renewed fighting in Ukraine, analysts said.
Western leaders piled huge pressure on the Russian president at the Group of 20 meeting in Brisbane, with host Tony Abbott calling on Putin to "atone" for the shooting down of Flight MH17 over rebel-held eastern Ukraine and Britain's David Cameron branding him a "bully".
Analysts said Putin's apparent anger at his treatment by his fellow leaders could worsen the crisis in Ukraine.
"If he is leaving irritated, just wait for the fighting in Ukraine to intensify," independent analyst Stanislav Belkovsky told AFP.
Putin, who prides himself on his stamina, cited the "need to sleep" and a long flight home as his reasons for leaving the summit before the final communique was issued.
Despite the baking heat in Brisbane, the chill in the air was unmistakable, with Western leaders threatening new sanctions if fighting in Ukraine intensifies.
Australian tabloid The Courier-Mail called Putin "the black sheep of the G20 family," while Russian media complained that Western leaders went out of their way to ostracise him.
"At the G20 Australian hosts tried to humiliate Vladimir Putin in every way possible," pro-Kremlin magazine Expert said.
Armed with the Forbes title of "the most powerful man in the world" and approval ratings over 80 percent, Putin arrived in Australia with a flotilla of Russian navy vessels in tow.
He and the West had not been expected to reach a breakthrough over Ukraine, yet few had expected hostilities to break out into the open.
In recent years Putin has stolen the limelight at international gatherings, setting himself up as an outsider at G8 gatherings as the Kremlin agenda grew increasingly at odds with Western interests.
But the walkout in Brisbane took tensions to a whole new level. Analysts said that Western leaders' increasingly vocal criticism of the Kremlin's policies and Putin's abrupt departure indicate that neither side was interested any longer in maintaining even a patina of civility.
Fyodor Lukyanov, chairman of the Kremlin-connected Council on Foreign and Defence Policy, warned that Western criticism might force Putin to harden his position.
"We are witnessing a further radicalisation of the positions of some Western countries, first and foremost North America and Australia, which is the summit host," Lukyanov said on radio.
"There is no desire on their part to somehow soften this, on the contrary this is spilling into the public sphere. Well, the reaction is predictable -- Russia will also harden its stance."
Lilia Shevtsova, an analyst at the Brookings Institution, said as Russia's confrontation with the West grew bigger, Moscow was becoming increasingly dependent on China.
"An outcast? Yes, the APEC in Beijing and the G20 in Brisbane confirmed that Putin had become an outcast," she said on Facebook .
"A dependent outcast -- world politics does not know a combination that would be more explosive."
Lilia Shevtsova, an analyst at the Brookings Institution, said Putin's Russia was showing "all the signs of humiliation".
"An outcast? Yes, the APEC in Beijing and the G20 in Brisbane confirmed that Putin had become an outcast," she said on Facebook.
Going into the summit, US President Barack Obama said Russia's aggression against Ukraine was "a threat to the world" and called the shooting down of Malaysian Airlines Flight MH17 over the rebel-held east of the ex-Soviet country in July "appalling".
Australia's prime minister Abbott accused Putin of trying to relive the "lost glories of tsarism," while Britain's Cameron said Putin was undermining Russia's own interests.
Putin was also apparently rebuffed by Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper when the Russian leader approached him.
"Well, I guess I'll shake your hand, but I only have one thing to say to you: you need to get out of Ukraine," said Harper.
The West this week accused Russia of sending fresh military hardware into eastern Ukraine, fuelling fears of a return to all-out conflict. Russia denies its troops are on the ground in Ukraine.
"De-escalation did not pan out. The EU may introduce new sanctions against Russia," said Gazeta.ru.
"Summit G19+1 in Australia," quipped a prominent satirical Twitter account in Russia.
Analysts also said Putin's walkout on the Western leaders would play well with his supporters back home.
"All the gestures of the Russian leader are aimed at the so-called Putin majority," Konstantin Kalachev, head of the Political Expert Group, told AFP.
He said Putin's attitude would be interpreted by his backers as: "What does Russia's national leader have to talk about with the rotten West?"
Kalachev also pointed out that by dispensing with diplomatic niceties Putin might be intentionally setting himself apart from other leaders.
"The more capricious, the more attention," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Obama warns against intimidation by big nationsBarack Obama warns against bullying and intimidation by big nations
PTI Nov 16, 2014, 06.33PM IST
Tags:
ASEAN
(Warning that territorial…)
BRISBANE: In a veiled warning to China, US President Barack Obama has cautioned against attempts by some big nations to "intimidate" or "bully" small countries amid territorial disputes.
Vowing to deepen ties with the strategic Asia-Pacific region using "every element of American power", Obama said that America has an "iron-clad commitment to the sovereignty, independence, and security of every ally."
"And we'll expand cooperation between allies, because we believe we're stronger when we stand together," he said, underlining that the security in Asia must depend on mutual alliances.
"We believe that nations and peoples have the right to live in security and peace; that an effective security order for Asia must be based -- not on spheres of influence, or coercion, or intimidation where big nations bully the small -- but on alliances of mutual security, international law and international norms that are upheld, and the peaceful resolution of disputes," Obama said yesterday while addressing students at the University of Queensland.
Warning that territorial disputes could spiral into confrontation, he said America had an iron clad commitment to the sovereignty of its allies.
"Any effective security order for Asia must be based not on spheres of influence, or coercion or intimidation where big nations bully the small but on alliances for mutual security, international law and norms that are upheld, and the peaceful resolution of disputes," Obama said.
Though he did not mention China explicitly in his speech, he warned of the dangers posed by territorial disputes in the resource-rich South China Sea, where Beijing's actions have raised concern among its neighbours, including the Philippines and Vietnam .
He praised Asean's effort to reach a code of conduct with China that reinforces international law in the disputed South China Sea.
Obama said that American leadership in the Asia Pacific will always be a fundamental focus of his foreign policy.
"It won't always make the headlines. It won't always be measured in the number of trips I make -- although I do keep coming back. But day in, and day out, steadily, deliberately, we will continue to deepen our engagement using every element of American power -- diplomacy, military, economic, development, the power of our values and our ideals," he said.
He said the US will continue strengthening its alliances. "With Japan, we'll finalise new defense guidelines and keep realigning our forces for the future. With the Republic of Korea, we'll deepen our collaboration, including on missile defence, to deter and defend against North Korean threats.
"With the Philippines, we'll train and exercise more to prepare for challenges from counterterrorism and piracy to humanitarian crises and disaster relief. And here in Australia, more US Marines will rotate through to promote regional stability...," Obama said.
China, wary of Obama's proposed "pivot to Asia" strategy, has long viewed suspiciously the trilateral relationship between the US, Australia and Japan, which it sees as an attempt to counter Beijing's growing influence.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sinking ship 40 pilots quit SpiceJet; auditors doubt airline s viabilitySinking ship? 40 pilots quit SpiceJet; auditors doubt airline's future
PTI  Mumbai, November 16, 2014
First Published: 18:50 IST(16/11/2014) | Last Updated: 02:16 IST(17/11/2014)
Apprehending an uncertain future for the company, some 40-odd SpiceJet pilots including commanders have quit the airline during the past six months, say sources.
 
The airline auditors in their recent report have cast doubts over the ability of media baron Kalanithi Maran's budget carrier to run it as a "going concern".
 
The airline has reported fifth straight quarter of net losses for the July-September period, at Rs. 310 crore, although it is down from the year-ago period when it had a net loss of Rs. 559 crore.
 
The losses came down as the airline witnessed a 15% growth in total revenue. For the past fiscal, the airline had reported a record loss of a little over Rs. 1,000 crore.
 
"The airline is losing its flight crew at a regular interval. In the last six months alone as many as 40 pilots have quit the airline, citing uncertain future," an industry source told PTI.
 
The pilots who have parted ways with SpiceJet include the commanders, he said adding that those who resigned did not want to take a chance, particularly after the grounding of the Kingfisher Airlines.
 
According to the source, the quitting of these pilots have also impacted the airline's operations significantly with its flights either delayed or at times having repeated cancellations. The airline had last week said its had reduced its fleet by 10 planes from 48 to 38 over the past few months.
 
Repeated phone calls and a text message sent to SpiceJet spokesperson remained unanswered.
The airline has reported fifth straight quarter of net losses for the July-September period, at Rs 310 crore, although it is down from the year-ago period when it had a net loss of Rs 559 crore.
For September, the airline's on-time performance stood at 81.9%, and was only second to the national carrier Air India, which clocked a poor 75.2%.
 
The Gurgaon-based no-frills carrier, which has failed to secure required funds to overcome the cash-crunch, has been going in for advance discounted sales to mop up working capital from time-to-time, starting this January.
 
Meanwhile, the airline's auditors SR Batliboi & Associated have red flagged its concerns saying," as of September 30, 2014, the company's total liabilities exceed its total assets by Rs. 1,459.7 crore. These conditions indicate the existence of a material uncertainty that may cast significant doubt about the company's ability to continue as a going concern."  
The auditors point out that the loss would have been higher but for non-provision of Rs. 7.5 crore for interest. Including this, the net loss for the September quarter would have been higher by a similar amount.
 
But SpiceJet has claimed that its market stimulation has worked as its topline grew 15% year-over-year in Q2, ahead of capacity increase of 7%.
 
"SpiceJet's market stimulation efforts have had a positive impact on the travel industry as a whole by helping increase demand to fill seats that would otherwise go empty. This has benefitted not just the airline through incremental revenue, but also customers who are getting much more affordable fares if they are willing to book early," the airline said.
 
Repeated discounts launched by Spicejet have led to a 28% growth in domestic passenger traffic in September, traditionally the weakest traffic month of the year, the airline claimed.

UAE bans 5 Pak-based outfits among 86 terror...al Qaeda
(The UAE has come out…)
DUBAI: The UAE has come out with a list of 86 banned terror outfits that has five Pakistan-based groups, including the dreaded Haqqani network and the LeT.
The United Arab Emirates (UAE) Cabinet yesterday announced the names of 86 extremist groups that also include al-Qaeda, responsible for 9/11 attacks in the US, and the Pakistani Taliban among others, the state-run WAM news agency reported.
The Muslim Brotherhood and its local affiliates have also been named on the list.
The list comes after an anti-terror law was issued by President Shaikh Khalifa Bin Zayed Al Nahyan.
The law authorises the government to issue a list of groups designated by the UAE as terrorist organisations, which makes it a criminal offence for any individual or group that communicates with them, engage in their activities, or provide support by any means. The law empowers to award death penalty if the terrorist act has been carried out.
The Nusra Front and the Islamic State, whose fighters are battling Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, have also been named on the list by the UAE.
Pakistan-based groups Jeish Muhammad, the East Turkestan movement in Pakistan, Haqqani network and the Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT), have also been included in the list.
Since its inception, the LeT has been focused on carrying out major terrorist attacks inside India. LeT claimed responsibility for the 2008 Mumbai terrorist attacks that killed at least 166 people.
Indian Mujahideen, which had claimed responsibility for the 2008 Ahmedabad serial bomb blasts, is also on the list. Other prominent terror groups on the list are Al Islah Association and Hezbollah in GCC countries.
UAE authorities had launched a crackdown on members of al-Islah and jailed scores of Islamists convicted of forming an illegal branch of the Brotherhood.
FEATURED ARTICLES

US Gov t Working to Authenticate Video ISIS Claims to Show Beheaded AmericanEarth Cam - Typhoon Hagupit Hits the Philippines
VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE
Today
THE BIG NUMBER: US Adds 321K Jobs in November, Strongest...
9:30 AM ET
{"btnClass":"cta_link","link":"#","date":"12/08/2014","endTime":1418049900000,"id":"12/08/2014-0","startTime":1418049000000,"startTimeISO":"20141208T093000","title":"THE BIG NUMBER: US Adds 321K Jobs in November, Strongest...","startTimeText":"9:30 AM ET","linkText":"Add to Calendar","endTimeISO":"20141208T094500","conedID":20646307,"pastEvent":false,"recurring":true}
Story Stock

Four things to know about paternity leaveBy Mark Berman November 14 Follow @markberman
(James Fassinger for the Washington Post)
A person who is about to take a month off for paternity leave (me, in this case, I am the person) naturally becomes more interested in the way paternity leave works in this country. Attitudes toward paternity leave are shifting in the United States and abroad, as my colleague Brigid Schulte explained  this year. The  New York Times  recently outlined some of the benefits of paternity leave (for the parents and the child) as well as the drawbacks (it can lower a man’s pay or cost him a promotion).
Here are five things I learned reading up on paternity leave recently:
Fewer companies offer paid paternity or maternity leave nowadays
The number of companies that offer paid leave for either parent has actually dropped over the past four years, falling to 12 percent this year from 17 percent five years earlier, a report issued by the Society for Human Resource Management  found.
Unsurprisingly, men really want paid parental leave
Nearly nine out of 10 people said that it was important for employers to provide paid leave, according to a study published by the Boston College Center for Work and Family and sponsored by Ernst and Young.
(Of note: The study, which involved a survey carried out online, focused on the responses of more than 1,000 fathers with at least one child younger than 18. So it is not as representative as a random sampling of people, because it focused on the “member companies” affiliated with the center, which included accounting firms, insurance companies and a university.)
Men used almost as much vacation time for paternity leave as they used actual paternity leave
The same Boston College study found that most men took about two weeks off for paternity leave. About half of the leave was paternity leave (54 percent) and another half was vacation time or paid time off (51 percent). The study also noted that while it only had a limited amount of data for hourly workers, in general it said they are likely to take no time or less than a week.
Men will accept leave if it’s even partially paid
That Boston College study also found that a hefty majority — 86 percent — would not take paternal leave unless they were getting at least 70 percent of their salary. (Nearly half of the people who responded said they needed to get their full salary, which obviously plays a role in how much leave these individuals are willing to take.)
When men take paternity leave, other men around them take paternity leave
That is according to a study published in the American Economic Review earlier this year (flagged by the Harvard Business Review ). Part of that comes from working for a company that allows for paid leave, like The Washington Post. But part of that also comes down to a bit of a network effect; if you work next to someone who has that option, and they take it and enjoy it and return raving about it, you are more likely to take it.
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He runs Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.

Britannia plans new productsUpdated: November 16, 2014 01:24 IST
Britannia plans new products
Varun Berry, MD, Britannia Industries Ltd. Photo: Bijoy Ghosh
TOPICS
food
Clocks good growth in second quarter
Britannia Industries is planning launch of new products in the coming months, Managing Director Varun Berry said here on Saturday.
“Our innovation journey has now begun with the launch of NutriChoice Heavens, and we will continue to launch new products in the coming months,” he said while commenting on the second quarter results.
He said the company’s emphasis on consumer offtake and cost efficiencies had resulted in a 12 per cent growth in consolidated revenue in the second quarter with a 43 per cent increase in profit from operations.
The company reported a second quarter revenue of Rs.1,955 crore against Rs.1,740 crore a year ago . Standalone revenue was Rs.1,801 crore (Rs.1,594 crore).
Net consolidated profit was Rs.270 crore (Rs.98 crore). On a standalone basis, the net profit rose to Rs.253 crore from Rs.96 crore.

BJPs woman face in Valley seeks votes for changePrint
Hina Bhat, BJP candidate from Srinagar’s Amirakadal constituency. (Source: Photo by Shuaib Masoodi)
Written by Ruwa Shah , Bashaarat Masood | Srinagar | Posted: November 16, 2014 4:56 am | Updated: November 16, 2014 5:01 am
In Srinagar, up against a business tycoon and a political stalwart is a dentist — Dr Hina Bhat, BJP’s woman face in the state. Hina, 35, is BJP candidate from Srinagar’s Amirakadal constituency and is bold and candid about her political opinion.
Daughter of a Congress leader and former MP Mohammad Shafi Bhat, Hina is new to politics. Unlike her father, she chose to start her career with the BJP and is not the first switch-over in the family. Hina’s father himself made a switch-over to the Congress from the National Conference when the party denied him a mandate in the 2002 assembly elections.
A dental surgeon who studied in Pune, Hina worked at the Sheri Kashmir Institute of Medical Sciences before joining politics. After completing her studies, she married but it didn’t last long. She now lives in Rajbagh neighbourhood of Srinagar with her six-year-old son. Her older sister and younger brother are also doctors. Hina calls her bed-ridden father a mentor and says she took the decision to join the BJP only after consulting him.
She bold about her political ambitions. “I have to throw out the people who have been sitting on chairs since decades,” she says naming the National Conference (NC) and Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). “They have only made people suffer. They have failed to stabilise Kashmir.”
But the task before her isn’t easy. PDP candidate Altaf Ahmad Bukhari is a front-runner in the constituency, which was won by NC’s Nasir Aslam Wani in 2008. During the recent floods, Bukhari was the only politician who stood his ground, rescued people from his constituency and threw open his offices as shelter for people, even as his own house was under water. In fact, being even a distant third would be a challenge for her.
Hina is, however, banking on “vote for change”. Ironically she sells the BJP in the name of Babri Masjid. “People say BJP is an anti-Muslim party but I say that Congress is an anti-Muslim party,” she says. “It was a Congress led-government at the Centre when Babri Masjid was demolished.”
A dentist who used to run a clinic in Srinagar till a few months back, Hina has a tough battle ahead especially as her opponents consider her a minnow in politics. Even her own party members are raising their eyebrows. “Everybody is entitled to an opinion. She too has her own opinion,” says BJP’s state vice-president Sofi Yousuf when asked about her comments on Article 370. “But you know, she is new to politics,” he adds.
Hina had earlier dared the BJP top brass on Article 370 and raked a controversy saying Kashmiris would pick up guns if any attempt is made to abrogate it. “Nobody has the right to remove Article 370. I continued…

Healthcare and education imperative for country`s progress: Nita AmbaniIn an interview to Zee Media's Kaisha Hastu, Reliance Foundation Chairperson Nita Ambani talks about importance of healthcare and education in India.
Tell us about the journey of revamping Sir NH hospital to Sir NH Reliance Foundation Hospital.
In India, with a population of 1.25 billion people, I feel healthcare and education are imperative for our country's progress and for the well-being of the people. I started working on this hospital in March 2011. The heritage building has a legacy of 90 years and it was meant for the people of Mumbai and when I started to revamp this hospital, I wanted to concentrate on retaining the same values that it had been built for - Quality care for all the people of Mumbai.
There is no discrimination in the service to the people. Whether you are in the free beds or anywhere else in the hospital, the quality remains the same.
The motto is - Respect for Life - because every life deserves to be lived to the fullest and that was the driving principle in our minds.
We also have a little play school within the hospital in the pediatric floor, for all the kids who have to stay away from school for long terms. The baby centre is very close to the heart. The neo natal centre is an ICU for little babies and not only babies born in this hospital, but also the ones born outside can be brought in for care. Reduce infant mortality - That's the vision.
 
You also plan to make this the largest green hospital and are also following the PM’s directive of Swachh Bharat Abhiyan very closely. What steps are being taken?
It will be one of the largest green hospitals in India. We will ensure that there is rain water harvesting and recycling of water. Swachh Bharat is important as this hospital is right in the heart of Mumbai city and in a very crowded area, and we are insuring that we take maximum care in infection control within the hospital. So we have pneumatic shoots all over the hospital. We have shoots that take in soiled linen and disposables within the walls of the building so there is no human touch which will help in preventing spread of infection.
Also, there are separate shoots that bring in medicine and blood samples from one part of the building to the other so that there is no human touch. We also have 90 isolation rooms within the hospital. As the PM has been inviting everyone for Swachh Bharat Abhiyan we are trying our best to follow it!
You have also managed to bring on board 50 doctors and surgeons back from abroad.
It's heartwarming to welcome 50 doctors from the US and UK back to India. It has been great having them back who will give service to this hospital whole-heartedly.
There is also a mobile centre for which the PM congratulated you. Tell us more about that.
Mobile centre is an outreach program that we started in December 2012 and have reached out to 3.7 lakh people, who are from the weaker sections of society. We operate within a 7-km radius of the hospital. We take care of not only the medical needs but also educate people on preventive care. We want to take this all over Mumbai and start testing for oral cancer really soon.
What are your favorite features of the hospital?
It’s a digital hospital. It's future ready. Every bit of information can be accessed from your mobile. We use Cloud and 4G for collecting and storing records of all tests and patients. It's all digitalised but at the same time we haven't lost the human touch.
People here have sincerity of purpose and we want to enhance the human touch for both patient and their family.
We have used the best technology. The CT scan can be completed in one and half seconds and that helps in reducing radiation. Equipments for operation theatres are imported from Germany.
The Heritage wing is special because this is where it all began in 1925. When we first saw this building we started imagining as to how it looked at that time. This was a beautiful hospital but over time it had worn out. So we wanted to bring it back to its original look and dedicate it to the people of Mumbai. We brought back the stone and teak and maintained it and then added all modern technology into the building. So it's a great mix of the old and new. The pneumatic shoots had to be fitted with great difficulty, but we are proud of the outcome. 
The wife of Sir HN started the hospital in her husband’s memory in 1925. This hospital boasts of a rich legacy - Sardar Vallabh Bhai Patel came here for the hospital's 25 anniversary while for the 50th-year celebrations we had Lok Nayak Jai Prakash and in its 90th year we had the privilege of having Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
The elevator in the heritage building is the first public elevator in the city of Mumbai. We have restored it and it is now in a fully working condition. We found it lying as junk.
Tell us about your love for the Education sector.
When I got married to Mukesh, my only wish was to be able to work and that’s when I took up teaching. I used my maiden name - Nita Dalal when I started working after marriage so people didn't know I was Mukesh's wife. I cherished working and teaching is in my DNA. Mukesh was putting up a polyester plant in Patalganga 25 years ago and I opened my first school for the employees and children and that is when my journey started. We now run 13 schools with almost 16000 students.
My greatest learning has been to never compromise on quality and pursue excellence. All schools should be happy, so that kids enjoy.
What are the plans of the Reliance University?
We are looking at a full spectrum of courses in the Reliance University covering science, engineering and arts. Plans are on for this.
We also have evening classes with NGOs for underprivileged children at the Dhirubhai Ambani school. I want to use digital technology to bridge the gap between rural and urban India. Maybe hold classes for the remote villages through technology.
The sports rehabilitation centre is the most modern. Education and sports are my two greatest loves. Entry to sports happened by default, first cricket and now football.
Education and sports are both great imperatives. Sports can help in channelising energy in the right direction. Football is an exciting venture. We aren't trying to dislodge cricket, all we are saying is the more sports the better. With ISL we will be able reach to the youngsters who can pursue it and make it their profession. The ultimate aim is to see India play in the football World Cup.
I used to stream cricket matches even on holidays. In Kenya in the midst of wildlife I once streamed a match to understand the game, and even for football I had to learn the game to enjoy it. I learnt what a striker and a mid-fielder was in football and now I love the game.
Does Nita Ambani ever run out of energy? How do you give a 110% to whatever you do?
I enjoy everything I do, but one thing I enjoy the most is being mom to my fabulous three, as I call them. They are the greatest joy in Mukesh's and my life.
How are the kids taking the new role?
Isha graduated from Yale last year and worked in McKinsey for a year, and she is now back in India. She has now wholeheartedly jumped into Reliance GEO. Akash dreams and eats GEO. He has been working for a year. Anant is still a little too young, he is at Brown. He is passionate about wildlife and animals. They all have varied interests and very different from one another.
Anant has a zoo in the house. He saves animals from birds to stray dogs to even reptiles and they stay on. In Jamnagar we have this huge space where we keep animals that we have adopted.
I am not a foodie, and also dance to keep healthy and Mukesh is a foodie and loves Gujarati food. He is also a movie buffs while I don't like films.
What does Nita Ambani dream of?
I dream of my children and all children in general - that they should be healthy, get education and contribute in a better way to society!
 
First Published: Thursday, November 13, 2014 - 18:05
0

G20 backs Modi s pitch against black money; tensions soar as Putin quitsprint
Leaders meet at the first plenary session at the G20 summit in Brisbane, Australia Saturday. (AP Photo)
In a victory for India, the G20 on Sunday endorsed Prime Minister Narendra Modi's strong pitch for repatriation of black money at its summit, echoing the government's line on the need for transparency and disclosure of tax information.
Modi while voicing India's support for a new global standard on automatic exchange of tax information urged every jurisdiction, especially tax havens, to provide information for tax purposes in accordance with treaty obligations.
The new global standard will be instrumental in getting information relating to unaccounted money hoarded abroad and enable its eventual repatriation, Modi said, utilising the forum of G20, which accounts for 85 per cent of world's GDP.
The prime minister also noted that increased mobility of capital and technology have created new opportunities for avoiding tax and profit sharing.
The three-page communique was released at the end of the two-day summit of Group of 20 industrialised and leading emerging economies hosted by Australia.
Welcoming the "significant progress" on the G20/OECD Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (BEPS) Action Plan to modernise international tax rules, it said, "We are committed to finalising this work in 2015, including transparency of tax- payer specific rulings found to constitute harmful tax practices."
Briefing newsmen, railways minister Suresh Prabhu and external affairs ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said the reference to transparency, which was not there in the draft communique, was incorporated in the final communique after Prime Minister's strong intervention at Sunday's plenary session.
After Prime Minister Modi's intervention, several countries, notably Brazil and South Africa wanted a reference to be made to transparency in the final communique, Akbaruddin said.
"After the prime minister's own and strong intervention (on repatriation of black money), several countries shared his sentiments and wanted the views to be reflected in the final communique," he said.
Tensions soar over Putin
Vladimir Putin's early exit from a G20 summit in Australia after an icy reception from world leaders may further stoke Russia-West tensions and lead to renewed fighting in Ukraine, analysts said.
Western leaders piled huge pressure on the Russian strongman at the Group of 20 meeting in Brisbane, with host Tony Abbott calling on Putin to "atone" for the shooting down of Malaysian flight MH17 over rebel-held east Ukraine and Britain's David Cameron branding him a "bully".
Analysts said Putin's apparent anger at his treatment by his fellow leaders could worsen the crisis in Ukraine.
"If he is leaving irritated, just wait for the fighting in Ukraine to intensify," independent analyst Stanislav Belkovsky told AFP.
In eyebrow-raising remarks, Putin, who prides himself on his stamina, cited the "need to sleep" and a long flight home as his reasons for leaving the summit earlier than planned.
Despite the baking heat in Brisbane, the chill in the air was unmistakable.
Australian tabloid The Courier-Mail demanded apologies from Putin, while Russian media complained that Western leaders went out of their way to ostracise the Russian president.
"At the G20, Australian hosts tried to humiliate Vladimir Putin in every way possible," pro-Kremlin magazine Expert said online.
Armed with the Forbes magazine title of "the most powerful man in the world" and domestic approval ratings over 80%, Putin arrived in Australia with a flotilla of Russian navy vessels in tow.
The G20 summit had been expected to be the Russian president's toughest foreign visit since the start of the standoff between the Kremlin and the West over Russia's support for the separatists in eastern Ukraine.
Putin and the West had not been expected to reach a breakthrough over the Ukraine crisis, yet no one had expected hostilities to break out into the open.
In recent years Putin has habitually stolen the limelight at international gatherings, setting himself up as an outsider at G8 gatherings as the Kremlin agenda grew increasingly at odds with Western interests.
But the walkout in Brisbane took tensions to a whole new level.
Analysts said that Western leaders' increasingly vocal criticism of the Kremlin's policies and Putin's abrupt departure indicate that neither side was interested any longer in maintaining even a patina of civility.
'De-escalation did not pan out'
Fyodor Lukyanov, chairman of the Kremlin-connected Council on Foreign and Defence Policy, warned that Western criticism might just force Putin to harden his position.
"We are witnessing a further radicalisation of the positions of some Western countries, first and foremost North America and Australia, which is the summit host," Lukyanov said on Russian radio.
"There is no desire on their part to somehow soften this, on the contrary this is spilling into the public sphere. Well, the reaction is predictable -- Russia will also harden its stance."
Going into the summit, US President Barack Obama said Russia's aggression against Ukraine was "a threat to the world" and called the shooting down of Malaysian Airlines Flight MH17 over the rebel-held east of the ex-Soviet country in July "appalling".
Australia's Prime Minister Abbott accused Putin of trying to relive the "lost glories of tsarism".
Putin was also apparently rebuffed by Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper when the Russian leader approached him to shake hands.
"Well, I guess I'll shake your hand, but I only have one thing to say to you: you need to get out of Ukraine," said Harper, quoted by Canadian media.
The British premier accused Putin of undermining Russia's interests.
"You're not serving that country if, at the end of the day, the result is an economy under pressure, banks that can't raise money, a falling ruble, a stock market under pressure," Cameron was quoted as saying by British media.
The West this week accused Russia of sending fresh military hardware into eastern Ukraine, fuelling fears of a return to all-out conflict, and threatened Moscow with new sanctions if the violence intensifies.
Russia denies its troops are on the ground in Ukraine.
"De-escalation did not pan out. The EU may introduce new sanctions against Russia," said Gazeta.ru.
'More capricious, more attention'
Analysts also said Putin's walkout on the Western leaders would play well with his supporters back home.
"All the gestures of the Russian leader are aimed at the so-called Putin majority," Konstantin Kalachev, head of the Political Expert Group, told AFP.
He said Putin's attitude would be interpreted by his backers as: "What does Russia's national leader have to talk about with the rotten West?"
Kalachev also pointed out that by dispensing with diplomatic niceties Putin might be intentionally setting himself apart from other leaders.
"The more capricious, the more attention," he said.
Observers also pointed to Putin's charm offensive at APEC summit in Beijing ahead of the G20 where he caused an uproar by wrapping China's first lady Peng Liyuan in a shawl.
While some in Russia chalked up the gesture to Putin's old-school gallantry, others said it was the latest sign that the Russian leader considered himself above normal conventions.
"Vladimir Vladimirovich has his own style," journalist and former diplomat Alexander Baunov wrote for the liberal Slon.ru news website.
"This is also a hint at his own power."

Sinking ship 40 pilots quit SpiceJet as auditors doubt airline s viabilitySinking ship? 40 pilots quit SpiceJet; auditors doubt airline's future
PTI  Mumbai, November 16, 2014
First Published: 18:50 IST(16/11/2014) | Last Updated: 02:16 IST(17/11/2014)
Apprehending an uncertain future for the company, some 40-odd SpiceJet pilots including commanders have quit the airline during the past six months, say sources.
 
The airline auditors in their recent report have cast doubts over the ability of media baron Kalanithi Maran's budget carrier to run it as a "going concern".
 
The airline has reported fifth straight quarter of net losses for the July-September period, at Rs. 310 crore, although it is down from the year-ago period when it had a net loss of Rs. 559 crore.
 
The losses came down as the airline witnessed a 15% growth in total revenue. For the past fiscal, the airline had reported a record loss of a little over Rs. 1,000 crore.
 
"The airline is losing its flight crew at a regular interval. In the last six months alone as many as 40 pilots have quit the airline, citing uncertain future," an industry source told PTI.
 
The pilots who have parted ways with SpiceJet include the commanders, he said adding that those who resigned did not want to take a chance, particularly after the grounding of the Kingfisher Airlines.
 
According to the source, the quitting of these pilots have also impacted the airline's operations significantly with its flights either delayed or at times having repeated cancellations. The airline had last week said its had reduced its fleet by 10 planes from 48 to 38 over the past few months.
 
Repeated phone calls and a text message sent to SpiceJet spokesperson remained unanswered.
The airline has reported fifth straight quarter of net losses for the July-September period, at Rs 310 crore, although it is down from the year-ago period when it had a net loss of Rs 559 crore.
For September, the airline's on-time performance stood at 81.9%, and was only second to the national carrier Air India, which clocked a poor 75.2%.
 
The Gurgaon-based no-frills carrier, which has failed to secure required funds to overcome the cash-crunch, has been going in for advance discounted sales to mop up working capital from time-to-time, starting this January.
 
Meanwhile, the airline's auditors SR Batliboi & Associated have red flagged its concerns saying," as of September 30, 2014, the company's total liabilities exceed its total assets by Rs. 1,459.7 crore. These conditions indicate the existence of a material uncertainty that may cast significant doubt about the company's ability to continue as a going concern."  
The auditors point out that the loss would have been higher but for non-provision of Rs. 7.5 crore for interest. Including this, the net loss for the September quarter would have been higher by a similar amount.
 
But SpiceJet has claimed that its market stimulation has worked as its topline grew 15% year-over-year in Q2, ahead of capacity increase of 7%.
 
"SpiceJet's market stimulation efforts have had a positive impact on the travel industry as a whole by helping increase demand to fill seats that would otherwise go empty. This has benefitted not just the airline through incremental revenue, but also customers who are getting much more affordable fares if they are willing to book early," the airline said.
 
Repeated discounts launched by Spicejet have led to a 28% growth in domestic passenger traffic in September, traditionally the weakest traffic month of the year, the airline claimed.

What Is it With That White Saucereddit
It's a common sight in New York City: the long lines, persistently crowded even on the chilliest of nights, stretched around the block in front of the iconic red and yellow awnings. It's consistently crowded, but The Halal Guys , around for more than twenty years now, never fails to please its loyal customers. Now, as the chain is poised to grow globally, it is being recognized for its consistently innovative contributions to the halal market.
Founded in 1992 by Mohamed Abouelenein and Abdelbaset Elsayed, the chicken and rice platter came about following Abouelenein's astute observation that "hot dog is not a meal." He had been a hot dog seller before becoming, as he claims, the first peddler in New York to sell halal meat from a cart. Open from 7 pm to 4 am , his halal cart was originally geared towards the cabdrivers, most of whom were Egyptian and Pakistani. "They suffered too much from no halal," Abouelenein said . The dish being sold was ubiquitous: chunks of chicken or gyro meat, yellow rice, scraps of lettuce, hot sauce, and the mysterious white sauce. It's a white sauce that is far removed from any traditional food, a mixture that is uniquely New York in nature.
The food cart is the most checked in of all time on Yelp.com , a favorite both with tourists and native New Yorkers. It's seen colloquially as the sign of successful integration by many Muslim Americans who make a trip to New York City simply to get a taste of the dish that has struck a chord with so many around the world. Not only is it uniquely halal, the dish is an amalgamation of many traditional dishes, standing its own ground as something that is uniquely Muslim and American.
Now, with the expansion of The Halal Guys, things are about to get global . In June, The Halal Guys opened up a brick and mortar location in New York, and teamed up with Fransmart, the same franchise company that brought Five Guys Burgers nationwide to expand their business. While the initial focus will be on creating US locations, there are also plans for expansion in Europe and Asia. Dan Rowe, founder of Fransmart, said to the Daily News , "You just look at the lines, and it's people from all walks of life. That right there is a franchise. It's absolutely the right time now, (because) halal food is going to become the new standard. There are already a zillion burger brands."
It was with that in mind that the American Muslim Consumer Consortium (AMCC) decided to award The Halal Guys the 2014 Multicultural Award. Every year, AMCC seeks to present a multicultural award to a company that works to promote diversity and multiculturalism, and is inclusive to all minorities in America. With the award, The Halal Guys will join the ranks alongside Best Buy, Ogilvy & Mather, and Saffron Road Foods. The international reach of The Halal Guys fits in perfectly with this year's conference theme, "Muslim Market: Global Perspectives, Entrepreneurs Driving Change," which looks to examine how entrepreneurs drive the development of the halal and ethical lifestyle markets, global market outlook and the rising influence of ethical capital.
Uniquely situated, AMCC has been working since 20009 to address the needs of American Muslim consumers and raise awareness of the $170 billion market. It also works to promote companies and entrepreneurs who develop products for this niche market, opening the doors yearly for a national conference, happening this year on November 15.
Ultimately, AMCC hopes that franchises like The Halal Guys will become one of many, considering the unique potential present within the diverse halal market. By its own merit, The Halal Guys has pushed itself out of the food cart fray into international acclaim, a recognition that many seek and few ever succeed in earning. In the next few years, as the former single food cart expands around the world, it remains to be seen just how widespread its effect will be on the halal market. Until then, satisfying oneself with a filling plate of chicken, rice and white sauce at The Halal Guys' original location on 53rd and 6th will have to be enough.
Follow Laila Alawa on Twitter: www.twitter.com/lulainlife
More:

It s Obamacare Season! Here s What You Need To Know To Sign UpIt's Obamacare Season! Here's What You Need To Know To Sign Up
Posted:
Updated:
11/14/2014  4:59 pm EST
President Barack Obama gestures towards the crowd as they respond to his words while he speaks about the economy after participating in a roundtable discussion with working parents, small business owners, students and faculty, Friday, Oct. 31, 2014, at Rhode Island College in Providence, R.I. Obama wants women to know what his administration is doing to help them succeed. Four days before midterm elections in which Obama's fellow Democrats need a big turnout from female voters, Obama spoke in Rh | AP Photo/Stephan Savoia
reddit
Obamacare enrollment begins again on Saturday, and there's a lot for consumers to figure out.
President Barack Obama aims to enroll about 9 million people into private health insurance plans for 2015 through the online exchanges. The federal government and some states, along with a slew of private organizations, are kicking off campaigns this weekend to get the word out about the three-month sign-up period.
It won't be easy . The Affordable Care Act has been law since March 2010, yet Americans remain poorly informed about Obamacare. Almost 9 in 10 uninsured individuals didn't even know enrollment was starting again, a poll from the Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation found last month.
Health insurance is complicated, and so is Obamacare. Here are the basic facts you need to know to be a better-informed consumer:
Who is supposed to use an Obamacare exchange?
The exchanges are for people who don't have health coverage through their jobs or under programs like Medicare and Medicaid . You're not actually required to use an exchange because the insurance companies and private sector websites also will sell you health insurance directly. But the exchanges are the only place where you can apply for the financial assistance provided by Obamacare.
HealthCare.gov is the website for insurance shoppers in 37 states, while 13 states and the District of Columbia have their own exchanges. If you don't know where to go based on your home state, HealthCare.gov will direct you to the right place.
How much is it going to cost?
Health insurance premiums vary a lot for a number of reasons. Where you live, how old you are, how many people are in your family and whether you use tobacco all go into the equation. Prices on the exchanges range widely too, even for health plans with very similar benefits, so shopping around is crucial.
Compared to this year, premiums nationwide are going up just 5.6 percent on average in 2015 , and the average monthly premium will be $344, according to PricewaterhouseCoopers. But those numbers aren't really important. What's important are the prices for the plans sold where you live and whether your insurer is raising rates, or even lowering them. Especially if you receive tax credits, failing to look for better deals could wind up costing you a lot more, while shopping around could save you money ( it's complicated ).
Is there help available to make insurance more affordable?
Yes, for some people. The Affordable Care Act established tax credits to cut the cost of coverage . These are provided on a sliding scale to households with incomes between the federal poverty level (about $23,500 for a family of four) and four times that amount (about $94,000). In addition, families that earn up to 250 percent of the poverty level (about $59,000 for a family of four) receive extra subsidies that reduce out-of-pocket costs such as deductibles and copayments for medical care and prescriptions.
The law also expanded Medicaid to people who earn up to 133 percent of the poverty level (around $31,300 for a family of four), and Medicaid generally comes at no monthly cost. But this expansion is only available in 27 states and the District of Columbia . The other states opted against a bigger Medicaid pool after the Supreme Court in 2012 said they could, which means millions of their residents remain uninsured . Those tax credits for private insurance go only to people who make at least poverty wages, so contrary to what the Affordable Care Act intended, some people are too poor for Obamacare .
What's the deadline to sign up?
There are two important deadlines, so don't delay. The first is Dec. 15, 2014. If you're a new enrollee, that's the last day you can enroll in a private health insurance plan that will be in place on Jan. 1, 2015. If you already have an exchange plan and don't act by that date, you'll automatically be renewed into your current plan.
The other deadline is Feb. 15, 2015. That is the final day to pick or change your plan for all of next year -- with a few exceptions. If your life circumstances change during the course of the year -- if you have a baby, for example, or move to a different state -- you can access the exchange again. And there is no deadline to enroll in Medicaid or the Children's Health Insurance Program.
Am I supposed to figure out this stuff all on my own?
You don't have to. Insurance agents and brokers make their livings helping people choose a plan. They get paid by the insurance companies, so there's no cost to you. There are also armies of enrollment counselors in communities across the country who have been trained and certified to assist consumers at enrollment fairs, libraries, pharmacies and other locations. They don't charge fees either.
Don't put off finding out what help is available where you live and making an appointment. HealthCare.gov has a page where you can find local help . The organization Get Covered America also has one.
Is the website going to crash again and drive me crazy?
Probably not? As practically everyone knows, HealthCare.gov started in October 2013 as a terrible mess , and people could barely use it for months. The websites for some of the state-run exchanges were as bad or even worse.
That shouldn't happen again, although don't expect an Amazon-like level of performance. HealthCare.gov was patched up with the digital equivalents of duct tape and chewing gum last year and worked well enough for more than 8 million people to sign up. Since then, its caretakers have beefed it up even more, added a number of new features and shortened the application . Meanwhile, states with bad websites last year, like Maryland and Massachusetts, have built new ones that supposedly will function .
Am I really required by law to buy health insurance now?
Sort of. The Affordable Care Act's individual mandate says that most people who can afford it (as the law defines that, anyway) must obtain some form of health coverage or pay a penalty at tax time. For this year, the minimum penalty is just $95 per person . If you've been uninsured for more than three months this year, you'll owe money to the Internal Revenue Service when you file your taxes next April.
The penalty gets much bigger for 2015 : $325 per adult and $162.50 per child (up to a total of $975 per household), or 2 percent of your household income (after subtracting about $10,000), whichever is higher. The maximum penalty you could pay is the same as the average national annual price for a "Bronze" insurance plan in 2015 (a figure that's currently unavailable, but it has been $2,448 per person this year). The penalty goes up to $695 or 2.5 percent of income in 2016 and future years.
Another very important aspect of the mandate is that it has exemptions. Lots of them . For instance, people who live in a state that didn't expand Medicaid and who earn too little to quality for subsidized private insurance don't have to buy coverage with the money they don't have. People with religious objections to insurance also don't have to get covered if they don't want to.
Isn't the Supreme Court going to take my subsidies away?
Maybe ! The Supreme Court agreed this month to hear a case arguing that the federal government isn't allowed to give tax credits to people in states that don't have their own health insurance exchanges. If the court agrees, those subsidies will go away. But you can't do anything about it, so it shouldn't be a reason to not take advantage of what's available now -- or to risk having to pay a tax penalty for being uninsured.
Didn't the Republicans who won Congress on Election Day say they were going to repeal all this?
They did. But they pretty much can't. The guy mentioned in the law's nickname is still president .
To see an estimate of how much your health insurance might cost, use this calculator from the Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation:
More:

Hagel: US Needs Game-Changing Military InnovationAt least three people died Friday in the Philippines but Typhoon Hagupit appears to have spared the region’s residents...
Aaron Favila/AP Photo

http://usat.ly/1EL0uvoEMAIL
AFP/Getty
Microsoft (MSFT) has regained its position at the No. 2 most valuable U.S. company — pulling ahead of oil giant Exxon Mobil (XOM) and heating up the race with No. 1 Apple (AAPL) .
Shares of Microsoft Friday closed at $49.58. That gives the company a market value of $408.7 billion, exceeding the $402.7 billion value of the former No. 2, Exxon. Exxon’s value has fallen 6.3% this year as the price of oil has hurt energy stocks.
But it’s not just a story about the fall of Exxon. Microsoft’s rise also puts it firmly ahead of its former online advertising darling: Google (GOOGL) . Google is now ranked No. 4 — with a market value of $377 billion.
Source: S&P Capital IQ, USA TODAY research
It’s not just a race of market values, though. At battle is the very fundamental core about the future of technology.
On one hand is Apple, a maker of closed and proprietary technology products, which takes a “trust me” approach. Apple has earned a commanding market value of $669.6 billion thanks to its ability to sell its products at price premiums to consumers. The company develops its products largely in secrecy and unveils them to the public with a sense of shock and awe. Shares of Apple Friday closed up $1.36, or 1.2%, to a another new high of $114.18. The stock keeps flying higher so quickly the analysts can’t even raise their targets fast enough. Apple is one of the few tech stocks to power the Nasdaq higher since it peaked back in March 2000.
On the other hand, Microsoft is taking a more open approach. In recent weeks, Microsoft has made its Office productivity software, such as Word, Excel and Powerpoint, available on all mobile devices for free, including Apple’s platform. The company also released a smartwatch that works on all platforms, including Apple’s iOS and Google’s Android – months before the Apple Watch. Additionally, the company is taking a “customer is right” approach to the creation of its latest Windows operating system. Microsoft developing the latest version of Windows 10 completely in the open — allowing anyone to download the software and provide suggestions, comments and criticisms. And this week, Microsoft updated it Visual Studio development software, helping programmers create apps not just for Microsoft platforms but Android and iOS as well.  Microsoft also engages customers on social networks Facebook and Twitter, unlike Apple.
Will secrecy and mystique win or will openness? That’s the question investors are waiting to answer.
MOST VALUABLE STOCKS IN THE S&P 500 INDEX
Company

G20 vows to reduce cost of transferring remittances to 5 pctFIPB role shrinks amid easier FDI flows
Taking concerns of India and other developing countries on board, the G20 today vowed to take “strong practical” measures to reduce the global average cost of transferring remittances to five per cent.
India, which is world’s largest recipient of remittances with USD 71 billion sent last year, pushed for a reduction in the remittance costs of non-residents at the G20 summit that ended today, asking it to work on steps to reduce costs in sending money home from abroad which is as high as 10 per cent in some countries.
Click here for graph
“We commit to take strong practical measures to reduce the global average cost of transferring remittances to five per cent and to enhance financial inclusion as a priority,” the three-page communique released by leaders of the group of 20 major and leading emerging economies said. Prime Minister Narendra Modi was among the participants.
Railways Minister Suresh Prabhu, who is Modi’s sherpa’ at the deliberations, said “Indians send maximum money back to their country. India is the single largest recipient of non-resident remittances. NRIs remit close to USD 70 billion, more than the Filipinos and the Chinese.”
The cost of remittances, at times, is as high as 10 per cent, Prabhu said.
Ahead of the summit, he said, “It’s an ethical, logical and economic issue. We are pushing for some understanding in the G20 that the cost should not be more than 5 per cent.”
India has been able to convince Saudi Arabia to reduce it to 3.5 per cent, he added.
In a separate G20 plan to facilitate remittance flows annexed to the communique, the grouping described as an innovative step with the potential to reduce the cost of remittance transfers the RBI’s move to facilitate the receipt of foreign inward remittances directly into the bank accounts of beneficiaries under the Money Transfer Service Scheme (MTSS).
It also recognised the value of remittance flows in helping to drive strong, sustainable and balanced growth.
Noting that remittances to developing countries in 2014 are expected to reach USD 436 billion, far exceeding Official Development Assistance(ODA), the plan said remittances to and from G20 countries account for almost 80 per cent of global remittance flows.
“The G20 recognises the value of remittance flows in helping to drive strong, sustainable and balanced growth. Remittances represent a major source of income for millions of families and businesses globally, and are an important avenue to greater financial inclusion,” it said.
TAGS: G20 Summit
More from economy
Stalled infrastructure projects set for a big push Sebi is considering changing rules to allow Indian banks to convert a larger portion of their loans into equity at less than...

HK court notice clears way for action at pro...Hong Kong court notice clears way for action at protest site
AFP Nov 16, 2014, 07.09PM IST
Tags:
China
(Protesters have been staging…)
HONG KONG: A Hong Kong court notice ordering the eviction of democracy demonstrators from parts of the main protest site they have occupied for seven weeks has been published in leading newspapers, the first such public circular that empowers authorities to start clearing rally sites.
Protesters have been staging mass sit-ins on three major Hong Kong thoroughfares since September 28, demanding free leadership elections for the semi-autonomous Chinese city in 2017.
China has refused to back down on its insistence that candidates must be vetted by a loyalist committee, a decision critics say is designed to ensure the election of a pro-Beijing stooge.
The city's government on Tuesday said Hong Kong bailiffs and police are planning to take action at pro-democracy protest sites, with pressure building on the demonstrators to leave.
A court notice ordering protesters to leave the Citic Tower protest area was published yesterday in several local dailies including the English-language South China Morning Post -- a legal requirement before any official action.
"The Plaintiff will be taking steps to enforce this Order with the assistance of the Bailiffs as soon as practicable," the order said regarding the area, bordering the main Admiralty protest site.
The notice, indicative of an imminent crackdown by authorities, comes as thousands of police officers have been put on standby, according to the local media.
The city's high court on Monday authorised police to back up bailiffs tasked with clearing parts of the Mong Kong and Admiralty protest sites.
Protesters have come under huge pressure to end their resistance as the disruption caused by their roadblocks has sparked mounting public frustration.
"Civil disobedience (movements), such as (those led by) Mahatma Gandhi and Nelson Mandela , inspired (others) because of their self-sacrifice, and not because they used residents' livelihoods as bargaining chip to pressure the government," Hong Kong financial secretary John Tsang wrote on his online blog today.
"They should stop the occupation activities, or they will lose the moral high ground," he said.
Several protest leaders were on Saturday barred from boarding a flight to Beijing where they had hoped to deliver their demands for free elections directly to Chinese authorities.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Not scared but hesitant to join politics  saysRajinikanthProducer Rockline Venkatesh confirmed that the movie will release worldwide on December 12 as a gift to the superstar's legion of fans on his 64th birthday.
Written by Arun Janardhanan | Chennai | Posted: November 17, 2014 12:05 am | Updated: November 18, 2014 9:27 am
The Tamil political circle is abuzz with speculation of actor Rajinikanth entering politics and the superstar himself decided to clear the air by stating his opinion on Sunday. He said that he hesitates to join politics because he understands what exactly politics entails and that he is not scared but hesitant to take the plunge.
Rajini was responding to director Ameer who suggested it during the audio launch of his latest film, Lingaa. Earlier, there were rumours that Rajinikanth is likely to take a decision on his political career with the release of his latest movie Lingaa, a big budget movie that sold its distribution rights reportedly for a sum of Rs 120 crore last week.
During the audio launch on Sunday, Rajini said his political entry is not in his hands. “I don’t really know about my actions, I’m a product of circumstances. I exist depending on the circumstances. I know what is politics and how deep it runs..” he said. On entering into party politics, he said: “…but if I take that path, whether I will be able to do whatever I set out to do is a question,” he said.
While the rumours and speculations broke out about secret talks between Rajinikanth and the BJP national leadership, the party’s state leadership remained unsure. The state President Tamilisai Soundarajan welcomed the Super Star to join her party and repeated that her party national leadership would be knowing about such a move, whereas senior leader L Ganesan remained skeptical. He denied the possibility of Rajni entering politics.
Last week, Tamil Nadu Congress Committee (TNCC) president EVKS Elangovan advised Rajiinikanth not to enter politics as that he is being loved by everyone for his acting. Elangovan said an alliance with a political party would limit Rajinikanth to a small circle. “Personally as well as a politician, I would discourage him even if he wants to join Congress,” he said.
A source close to Rajinikanth said the Super Star is a sensible person. “He is clever enough to understand that people wont support him just because he is a star. That is the reason that made him abort similar such attempts in the past,” he said.

Avoid sensationalism while tracking govt decisions: Javadekar tomediaPrint
Environment Minister Prakash Javadekar presents prize a PTI photo journalist at a function on National Press Day in New Delhi on Sunday. Justice (Retd.) MN Venkatachaliah and Press Council of India Chairman Markandeya Katju and MOS Col Rajyavardhan Singh Rathore are also seen. (Source: PTI)
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 16, 2014 7:32 pm | Updated: November 16, 2014 7:37 pm
Media should guard against sensationalism while tracking issues related to government policies and decisions and maintain a ‘lakshman rekha’, Union Minister Prakash Javadekar on Sunday said.
Speaking at an event organised by Press Council of India to mark National Press Day, Javadekar, who till recently was the Minister of State for Information and Broadcasting, said credibility of the media was at stake because of paid news and it needed to seriously tackle the issue.
“It is important for the media to know the process behind taking any decision on any policy. On what basis has the government or any authority taken a decision is news and it should be tracked. But there should a ‘laxman rekha’ of that as well,” Javadekar said.
He said the media should not act in a way that it “scares” officials from taking decisions for fear of scrutiny.
“There should not be paparazzi in the name of transparency. Officers are scared to take decisions because of this. They say, it will come in the media, then RTI queries, the civil society, then CAG and PIL will follow. Officers should not find it a hurdle, but instead (media should) enable him to do good work. This is what the limitation is,” the MoS Environment & Forest and Climate Change said.
“Sense of proportion and the whole context” are two important aspects which should be “behind the laxman rekha” when media tracks an issue, he said.
Referring to paid news, Javadekar said the credibility of the media was at stake because of paid news and newspapers should give a thought to this.
“In paid news, you are trying to ensure victory of one candidate on the first page and ensuring victory of another candidate on the last page. So, this reflects the credibility of the newspaper,” he said.
On the issue of cross-media ownership, Javadekar said the debate should be done within the fraternity.
“Whether the medium of information goes in the hands of a cartel because its a responsible part of the whole democratic process… The government may form its opinion later, but there should be debate within the society and also what other countries have done should also be debated.”
Javadekar said, “Freedom entails responsibility and accountability. It (Media) has to be free, but that freedom has to be with responsibility.”
Newly-appointed Minister of State for Information and Broadcasting Rajyavardhan Rathore said journalism should not be treated as a profession, but a mission.
“Journalism should not be continued…

Bombs kill 5 across Baghdad  Iraq officialssayFile Photo - Civilians inspect the site of Friday's car bomb in Baghdad's Gorayaat neighborhood, Iraq (Source: AP)
By: Associated Press | Baghdad | Posted: November 16, 2014 7:52 pm | Updated: November 16, 2014 7:57 pm
A series of explosions in Baghdad killed at least five people and wounded nearly 20 on Sunday, including a bombing claimed by the Islamic State militant group near the Baghdad International Airport.
The first blast took place near a police patrol in the suburb of Radwaniya, a largely Sunni neighborhood southwest of Baghdad, killing two policemen and wounding five. Police also reported a roadside bombing on a commercial street in the Hay Jami’a neighborhood, which killed three people and wounded nine.
Near the Baghdad International Airport, the Islamic State group claimed responsibility for a car bomb at one of the first airport checkpoints, wounding five people and causing extensive damage to cars in the parking lot. In a statement posted on a militant website, the group identified the attacker as a man named Abu Muawiya al-Falluji, saying he was targeting Americans leaving the airport. The statement could not immediately be verified but it was posted on a website frequently used by the group. The blast hit a United Nations convoy of three vehicles that was passing at the time of the explosion, but no one in the convoy was wounded, the U.N. said Sunday.
Hospital officials confirmed the casualties. All spoke on the condition of anonymity because they are not authorized to brief the media.
Baghdad has remained relatively calm amid a rampage in northern and western Iraq by the al-Qaida-inspired Sunni militant group. Recent bombings have frequently targeted Shiite-majority areas in the capital, but the violence has been considerably subdued from the darkest days of sectarian bloodletting in 2006 and 2007.

I am hesitant to join politics: RajinikanthA R Rahman
("I have been moving in the…)
CHENNAI: Tamil superstar Rajinikanth, who has been invited by various political parties to join them, today said he was not scared of politics, but hesitant to take the plunge.
"Politics is dangerous and deep. I am not afraid of politics, but hesitant. In politics you need strong roots," the 63-year-old actor said at the launch of the audio and trailer of his tri-lingual action-thriller 'Lingaa'.
"I have been moving in the direction shown by God. If he desires that I should come to politics, I will serve the people," the megastar said.
Rajinikanth added that doing films with social message is also a 'service to the society'.
The actor praised the 'Lingaa' team including director K S Ravikumar , saying, "They looked after me like a kid on the sets. The care and warmth shown by them touched me a lot."
A large numbers of fans had gathered on the occasion to witness the launch of the audio release.
A couple of songs and the trailer of the film were screened during the launch which was also attended by the female lead of 'Lingaa'- Sonakshi Sinha and Anushka Shetty, besides producer Rockline Venkatesh.
'Lingaa' is expected to release on Rajinikanth's birthday on December 12. The film is being produced in Tamil, Telugu and Hindi. Oscar winner A R Rahman has scored the music.
FEATURED ARTICLES

China to host G20 summit in 2016You are here: Home > Collections > China
China to host G20 summit in 2016
AFP Nov 16, 2014, 08.28PM IST
Tags:
Barack Obama
(Asian powerhouse China…)
BRISBANE: Asian powerhouse China will host world leaders for the G20 summit in 2016, Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott said today at the conclusion of two days of talks in Brisbane.
Turkey takes over the presidency from Australia and will host the event in Antalya next year, but in a communique the group of the world's biggest economies said China would be home to the G20 in 2016.
"Australia looks forward to working with Turkey over the next year and it is my very great pleasure to announce that China will be the G20 host in 2016," Abbott told a press conference at the conclusion of talks.
The laid-back city of Brisbane has been in lockdown for the summit which has included US President Barack Obama and Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping .
FEATURED ARTICLES

Cabinet expansion next week; talks with Sena still possible: CM DevendraFadnavisMaharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis with Senior BJP legislator Haribhau Bagde after the latter was unanimously elected as Speaker in Maharashtra Assembly at Vidhan Bhavan in Mumbai on Wednesday. (Source: PTI)
Written by Shubhangi Khapre | Nagpur | Posted: November 17, 2014 12:05 am | Updated: November 17, 2014 1:12 pm
Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis on Sunday indicated that talks between the BJP and the Shiv Sena were still possible ahead of the next week’s Cabinet expansion.
Fadnavis, however, denied speculation that RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat would be mediating the talks to break the deadlock.
“Yes, the Cabinet expansion will take place next week. Talks with the Shiv Sena still possible,” the CM said.
The BJP has put onus to take a formal decision to join the government to the Sena leadership. While remaining non-committal about the Sena’s role, the BJP has decided to induct its own members in the Cabinet.
Ten new ministers would likely join the government. The state government can induct 42 ministers.
The BJP is still keeping at least 11 Cabinet berths on hold as it has indicated that if the Sena were to join the government, the party would consider it giving one-third representation. However, the BJP is not in favour of considering the post of Home Minister or Deputy Chief Minister.
Senior Shiv Sena leader Ramdas Kadam said, “ I would certainly be happy if the BJP and the Sena work together.” Minister for Education Vinod Tawde said, “The BJP has always maintained a cordial relations with the Sena.”
A source in the BJP disclosed, “After the vote trust, we have six months reprieve. The fact remains that we had not taken the support of the NCP during the confidence motion.”
The source said, “The BJP relying on the NCP’s support has affected its image… Moreso, as Fadnavis had led an aggressive poll campaign against corruption during the previous Congress-NCP government.”
At an internal meeting, the BJP strategists have a plan ready to refurbish its image. To begin with, the party would go to the masses to clarify that the BJP has not taken support from the NCP during the trust vote. The party would also reassure through its action that the government is determined to act against corruption of the former ministers.
Sensing aggression within the BJP, former deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar indicated, “We wonder how the minority government of the BJP will last full term.” A senior BJP functionary said, “A lot of things will become clear when the state government will start cracking the whip against the corruption of the previous government. Those who are questioning our credentials will change their opinions.”

Gene Wang  Isabelle Khurshudyan and Keith McMillanO’Brien played in 13 games during his rookie season, since signing as an undrafted free agent after training camp.
Dec 7, 2014
Coach Barry Trotz insisted upon the ebbs and flows of special teams. Here was another flow.
Dec 7, 2014
The 20-year-old rookie has played just once since Nov. 11, so Coach Barry Trotz hinted a reassignment to Hershey may come soon.
Dec 7, 2014
Four skaters score, including Karl Alzner, who scored the eighth goal of his career, and Jay Beagle, who scored his fourth of the season, which tied a career high.
Dec 6, 2014
Washington wins its second straight in regulation as Alzner, Beagle and Kuznetsov score on the road.
Dec 6, 2014
Both sides try to generate a winning streak Saturday at Prudential Center.
Dec 6, 2014
New Jersey snapped a five-game winless streak, but has several game-time decisions for Saturday against Washington.
Dec 6, 2014
“It’s okay,” Coach Barry Trotz said. “Pull him out of a game, let him reset, if you will. “
Dec 6, 2014
He’s not wrong. The Capitals’ current pace would leave them at 85 points, almost assuredly watching the postseason from afar.
Dec 6, 2014
Cameras will follow the Capitals in the weeks leading up to the New Year’s Day game against Chicago.
Dec 5, 2014
Load More
About
A Falls Church native, Alex Prewitt joined the Post in the fall of 2012, covering University of Maryland athletics. He is a 2012 graduate of Tufts University. Prior to joining the Post, he worked for the Boston Globe, the Minneapolis Star Tribune, ESPN.com and USA Today.
Most Read

Eight months after launch  Crystal Citys tech hub to double in sizeBy Jonathan O'Connell November 14 Follow @OConnellPostBiz
Paul Singh of Disruption Corp. in the company’s Crystal City offices. (Photo by Jeffrey MacMillan)
With every step Paul Singh takes, he chips away at the seemingly daunting task of turning Crystal City into a magnet  for techies and entrepreneurs.
A native of Northern Virginia, Singh returned from a stint in Silicon Valley in April to start  a $50 million fund for promising new tech companies. Vornado Realty Trust, the New York-based firm that owns much of the commercial space in Crystal City, invested $10 million in the fund and leased space to Singh’s company to create his new hub.
Singh began with about 13,000 square feet, enough space for his company, Disruption Corp., and the young companies in his portfolio, as well as a kegerator of iced coffee .
By the beginning of next year he, will have doubled the space, bringing in two new partners that he said will expand his company’s reach and further cement the neighborhood as a place for connections to venture capital.
Part of the space will be occupied by a revolving group of young tech companies from Canada backed by Halifax-based Innovacorp.
Supported by the Canadian government, Innovacorp backs entrepreneurs and early-stage start-ups. With Disruption Corp., Singh invests in and supports more established companies, putting him in a position to assist some of the companies in Innovacorp’s portfolio that already have products on the market and might further grow in a place surrounded by American venture capital, research and advice.
“They don’t have the 20 years of history of building big companies the way we have in the U.S., so the bet here is to export urgency into Canada,” Singh said. “Let’s put those Canadian companies that have venture funding and some sort of revenue, let’s put them alongside similar companies that are in a similar growth phase.”
Singh said between three and five companies will arrive from Canada early next year for stints of three-to-six months. By that time, he said, their opportunities may have expanded: “Maybe they go back with American money. Maybe they get American money and they work with the consulate and they stay.”
Alongside Innovacorp companies, Disruption Corp. is bringing in a local outpost of the Iron Yard , a training center for coding that already has outposts in Charleston, S.C.; Atlanta; Austin; and other locations in the Southeast. Training is aimed at working professionals, veterans and students.
The new concepts fit into a growing assortment of  tech-oriented organizations and companies that — at the urging of Vornado — are taking a chance on Crystal City. TechShop, a membership-based workshop, opened across the street . Eastern Foundry, an incubator for small government contractors, is opening nearby.
Singh thinks venture capital and the talent it attracts can drive the creation of a new Crystal City and provide a models for other communities.
“The bet here is that in the short-term I want to build the most productive place for productive entrepreneurs,” he said. “And in the long-term I want to build what I think is a sustainable model for the future of American cities.”
Follow Jonathan O’Connell on Twitter: @oconnellpostbiz
Jonathan O'Connell has covered land use and development in the Washington area for more than five years.

Will people pay to watch a Web series Vimeo is trying to find out.By Cecilia Kang November 14 Follow @ceciliakang
“High Maintenance” creators Katja Blichfeld and Ben Sinclair. (Paul Kwiatkowski)
When “High Maintenance” was first released two years ago on the Internet as free, bite-sized vignettes about bourgeois Brooklyn as navigated by a marijuana dealer, it became a surprise hit. Now, its creators are testing the loyalty of fans by charging for new episodes on video-sharing site Vimeo.
Three new episodes released this week and three more scheduled for January cost $7.99 to rent as a bundle — or $1.99 per episode — and have received glowing reviews . With financial backing from Vimeo , the new season is the site’s first effort to fund an original series, joining a deluge of original shows by Netflix, Amazon Instant Video and cable.
The challenges for Vimeo are enormous. The site’s library is small and the rental price for three short “High Maintenance” episodes — all under 20 minutes — is about the same as a monthly subscription to Netflix.
But other filmmakers are watching the performance of new “High Maintenance” episodes with great interest. If consumers pay, then the Vimeo model presents a new way for filmmakers to distribute their work and keep nearly all of the money generated from sales — a model that cuts out powerful middlemen like studios and networks that have traditionally taken a huge portion of profits.
“It’s really an experiment, and we don’t know if we’ll ever be able to make a living off of this,” co-creator Katja Blichfeld said in an interview. “But we hope this model is financially viable so there’s a case for people who do things like we do to do this also. We don’t want to be an island of ourselves on Vimeo.”
With a budget of just $600, the first episode of “High Maintenance” was released for free on Vimeo two years ago and generated more than 1 million views. The episodes are short — 5 to 20 minutes long — designed to appeal to a generation of mobile-first consumers who prefer bite-sized stories. Co-creator Ben Sinclair plays the central character, “The Guy,” who sells weed to his Brooklyn clients. Blichfeld, who won an Emmy for casting “30 Rock,” co-writes and produces the show.
Blichfeld and Sinclair represent a movement by creative professionals to take greater control over their work. “Transparent” creator Jill Soloway said she put her hit series on Amazon because the firm allowed her to retain distribution rights — a practice unheard of in the cable network.
“We’re being open to and demanding different forms and formats for a generation that doesn’t have a TV in the house,” said Greg Clayman, general manager at Vimeo.
Freed from the constraints of 30-minute sitcoms or 1-hour dramas, digital content designed to be consumed on the Internet is growing more sophisticated and attracting corporate money. Disney bought YouTube network Maker Studios to create high-quality short-form video. Buzzfeed launched its own Motion Pictures to do the same.
On Vimeo, filmmakers upload their films directly and get 90 percent of all revenues from streaming rentals. On iTunes, filmmakers typically have to go through third-party publishers who take a big cut of the 70 percent of revenues Apple gives back to content creators. On YouTube, video producers get about half of advertising revenues, which is paltry except for the most popular videos.
Days into the launch of of the new season, married co-creators Blichfeld and Ben Sinclair wouldn’t say how many purchases have been made.
“We’re off to a good and steady start,” Sinclair said, saying he’s also heard complaints from consumers about having to pay.
The creators said Vimeo wasn’t their first choice for the new season. They had shopped the script to FX, which initially expressed interest but ultimately passed on the show. Around the same time, Vimeo had announced that it would put $10 million into helping develop original programs for the first time.
The file-sharing platform promised creative control and for the artists to retain licensing rights. “It was too good to be true. I thought, ‘I don’t have to do an organ transplant to do this kind of work?’ ” Sinclair said.
The show’s short format has proved popular with audiences, particularly millennials.
“We did it out of necessity because people’s attention span is short, we thought being short and concise was how we would get viewers online,” Sinclair said.
Cecilia Kang is a staff writer covering the business of media and entertainment.

JSW Energy to buy Jaiprakash hydropower assets for Rs 9 700 croreJSW Energy agrees to buy Jaiprakash hydropower assets for Rs 9,700 crore
PTI Nov 16, 2014, 06.20PM IST
Tags:
Jaiprakash hydropower assets
(JSW Energy Ltd said on Sunday…)
NEW DELHI: JSW Energy will acquire two hydro-electric projects of Jaiprakash Power Ventures in Himachal Pradesh for about Rs 9,700 crore.
"JSW Energy has agreed to acquire from Jaiprakash Power Ventures and other shareholders, 100 per cent stake in Himachal Baspa Power company for a base enterprise value of Rs 9,700 crore," JSW Energy said in a statement.
The board of directors of Jaiprakash Power has approved the transfer of 300 MW of Baspa II hydro-electric project and 1,091 MW Karcham Wangtoo hydro project into a separate company -- Himachal Baspa Power company, it added.
In the fiscal ended March 2014, the Karcham project had earned a revenue of Rs 1,242 crore while the Baspa project Rs 320 crore.
The acquisition will make JSW Energy as the largest private sector hydro-power generator in the country.
Post-acquisition, the aggregate installed power generation capacity of JSW Energy will enhance to 4,531 MW.
"The acquisition will yield immediate cash flow and is expected to enhance JSW Energy's consolidated profitability and returns and create significant synergies," the statement said.
Commenting on the acquisition, JSW Energy CMD Sajjan Jindal said: "Our strategy is to increase capacity manifold and create synergies through a mix of organic and inorganic opportunities, supported by excellence in operations to accelerate the growth in shareholder value."
Axis Capital and SBI Capital Markets acted as financial advisors for the transaction.
FEATURED ARTICLES

G20 leaders aim to add $2 trillion to world economic output by2018Prime Minister Narendra Modi with President of China Xi Jinping, U.S. President Barack Obama and other leaders at the family photo session during the G 20 Summit in Brisbane. (Source: AP)
Written by Vaidyanathan Iyer | Posted: November 16, 2014 8:08 pm | Updated: November 16, 2014 8:09 pm
 
Leaders of the Group of 20 countries on Sunday agreed to take a variety of measures to add an extra $2 trillion or 2.1 per cent to world economic output and create millions of jobs by 2018. Despite host Australia pitching hard to keep climate change outside the G20 agenda, US President Barack Obama brought conviction to its inclusion by announcing a $3 billion climate change fund for developing countries on Saturday. Japan followed suit by committing another $1.5 billion.
Suresh Prabhu, sherpa to Prime Minister Narendra Modi said, the incremental 2 per cent growth will come mainly from India, besides China. “The central issue is now employment as we always wanted; growth without jobs is meaningless,” he said. India will also significantly benefit from the higher growth as the global market opens up.
Another key area that India and other developing countries stressed upon was tackling shortfalls in investments and infrastructure, because these are critical to job creation. Accordingly, besides supporting the Global Infrastructure Initiative, the G20 leaders decided to strengthen public investment and create a more favourable climate for private sector investment in infrastructure.
On the inclusion of climate change in the G20 agenda, Prabhu said India too was facing an enormous challenge because of the past emissions. Without answering a direct question if India too would face increasing pressure on cutting emissions, following a deal between the US and China, he said within developing countries India must pitch for common but differentiated responsibilities.
The Indian sherpa was also satisfied that there is focus now on the development agenda of the Doha round of trade talks. “We had taken a firm but disciplined stance on the Bali package saying it cannot be implemented in a piecemeal fashion. Today, that has been appreciated by all,” Prabhu said. Two days ahead of the summit, India and the US reached an understanding that New Delhi’s food security concerns would be addressed even as India decided to sign the Trade Facilitation Agreement.
The G20 communique took specific note of this. “We welcome the breakthrough between the US and India that will help the full and prompt implementation of the Trade Facilitation Agreement and includes provisions on food security. We commit to implement all elements of the Bali package and to swiftly decide a WTO work programme on the remaining issues of the Doha Development Agenda to bring negotiations back on track,” the communique said.
India and the other countries in the BRICS group also pushed hard for long-pending governance and share holding reform of the global institutions such as the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund. “These institutions must reflect the current realities of the structure of the global economy,” said Prabhu.
The G20 also agreed to include India’s demand for cutting the costs of remittances continued…

"Modi Express" flagged off in Melbourne | Modi fever grips SydneyAustralian government flags off "Modi Express", hails PM's visit
PTI Nov 16, 2014, 07.32PM IST
("Modi Express", a special…)
MELBOURNE: "Modi Express", a special train carrying over 220 passengers who will attend Prime Minister Narendra Modi's address in Sydney, was flagged off today by an Australian minister, who underlined the huge significance the visit will have on bilateral ties.
"It just shows the strength of India-Australia relationship even if India beats us in Cricket World Cup 2015. His visit is very very significant," Victorian Multicultural Minister Matthew Guy said while flagging off the Sydney bound "Modi Express" train from Southern Cross Station.
The passengers travelling through the special train will attend Modi's first public address in Sydney tomorrow.
"Its great to have Modi in Australia. There is lot of respect for the Indian leader not only in Indian diaspora but also the broader Australian community. We are very happy to have him here," Guy said adding that Modi is going a long way in strengthening the Australia-India relations to the strongest they have ever been.
"His presence is hugely important and the respect one sees from the local Indian community shows how much Modi is admired here," Guy said.
Guy flagged off the train by holding a Indian tricolour while hundreds of Indians shouted pro Modi slogans.
The four bogies of the train will cover over 800 kilometres to reach Sydney early tomorrow morning where the passengers would later attend a massive community reception to be addressed by Modi.
It is expected that over 18,000 people would attend the reception and the organisers of the event - Indian Australian Community Foundation - are hoping to go better than the recently held function at Madison Square Garden in the US.
Hundreds of Indians came to see off the train commencing its historic journey while passengers left the station amid festive atmosphere wearing Modi T-shirts and carrying flags and Modi posters.
A 60-year-old Indian couple - Bhupider and Gunni Singh, who specially flew from Adelaide to be a part of this historic journey, said Modi is their leader and has given them hope.
"We are extremely happy and excited to be a part of it," the couple said.
The passengers would be served with free vegetarian food named after Modi.
Spokesperson of Overseas friends of BJP Victoria Ashwin Bora said Modi's visit is building up profile for Indian diaspora here.
"Modi has got all of us together and we are seeing Indians as one large community," said Bora.
Modi is the first Indian Prime Minister to visit Australia in 28 years.
FEATURED ARTICLES

US  Australia  Japan slam Russia over UkraineYou are here: Home > Collections > Australia
US, Australia, Japan slam Russia over Ukraine
AFP Nov 16, 2014, 10.00PM IST
Tags:
Australia
(The joint call was issued…)
BRISBANE: The United States, Australia and Japan today urged Russia to stop meddling in Ukraine and demanded justice for the victims of a Malaysia Airlines jet allegedly downed by pro-Russian rebels.
The three countries' leaders said after talks that they were united in "opposing Russia's purported annexation of Crimea and its actions to destabilise eastern Ukraine, and bringing to justice those responsible for the downing of Flight MH17".
The joint call was issued in a statement after tripartite talks among President Barack Obama and prime ministers Tony Abbott and Shinzo Abe , on the margins of a G20 summit in Australia.
The summit has been riven by disputes between Western leaders including Obama and Abbott with Russian President Vladimir Putin, over Ukraine and the downing of Flight MH17 in July.
The West says the plane was shot down by pro-Russian rebels in eastern Ukraine, using a missile supplied by Russia. Moscow angrily denies the charges.
Following testy exchanges in Brisbane, one Russian source said Putin plans to leave the G20 summit today, though this was later denied by the Kremlin.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Scientists Chart Course For Computers That Send Info At Speed Of Lightreddit
When you search for something on Google, the query travels the Internet at a rate of hundreds of millions of miles per hour -- a speed close to the speed of light . But the computer you searched on can't work that fast, so the information actually has to slow down when it reaches your machine.
But one day, that could change. New research out of England has provided a blueprint for creating computers that can transfer information within a computer at the speed of light. Of course, transferring the information is just one part of the puzzle, as project lead Dr. Richard Curry, a Ph.D. who works at the University of Surrey's Advanced Technology Institute, told The Huffington Post. Curry studies different applications for materials in electronic and optical technology.
"The aim would be to send data around the computer using light," Curry said through a spokesperson via email. "The challenge would then be to be able to process that data at a similar rate."
A visualization of electrical transistors within a microprocessor. While it may look cool, this "slow" process of transferring electrical signals is what researchers hope to replace. (Source: Global Foundries )
The research by Curry's team -- from the University of Surrey, University of Cambridge and University of Southampton --  ideally solves both problems. They propose that an "amorphous" glass material could be used to create an optical system in computers that both transfers and processes information using light -- just like the optical system used to move information through the Internet. The research was published last week in the journal Nature Communications.
Currently, the heart of your machine is a microprocessor , a chip that sends information via tiny electrical wires. Australian site ScienceAlert reports that we're reaching a moment in time when these wires physically can't get any smaller. And when that happens, computers will stop getting faster, meaning new technology needs to be developed to speed them up. The new method, in other words, would be a replacement for electric microprocessors.
"[Using light to transfer and process data in a computer] has eluded researchers for decades," Curry said in a press release, and he's not exaggerating: Optical computing has been a topic of academic discussion since at least 1988, when the award-winning "Optical Computing: A Survey for Computer Scientists" was published by MIT Press.
"This could transform the computers of tomorrow, allowing them to effectively process information at much faster speeds," Curry added.
Researchers say the new light-based system could be used in computers within 10 years, though it's not clear when it'll be available to consumers.
More:

How to Raise Your Kids to Be EntrepreneursThis post originally appeared on BrandMentalist.com
Being an entrepreneur takes guts, another level of courage, and a total different mindset.
The earlier you learn, the better -- as cited in developmental psychology.
During the first five years of life, the brain develops more rapidly than during any other subsequent period. It is the time in which the brain begins to maximize efficiency by determining which connections to keep and which to eliminate.
I had the privilege of growing up with parents who placed a lot of importance and pride on the intelligence levels of their children. Luckily I grew up loving learning (aka I was a nerd). I made sure I studied before class so I could answer the teachers' questions when they asked and that I was always a step ahead of the other students.
I was always encouraged to learn and to study. I never got turned down for any course or anything I wanted to take -- be it piano, guitar, extra math courses that teach those math hacks and data visualization, drawing, paining, languages, writing, speaking, computer, design, etc. My mom believed that even though these skills might not get used in life later on, learning them will help developing both left and right brains to be able to process more complex tasks, skills, and puzzles more effectively.
On the other side, I have my dad who is a real entrepreneur. Growing up with him, I have adopted his mindset and approach to life. He is a big influence in my life and a huge part of who I am. He helped shape my vision and how I look at the world and things around me. At the time, I did not get everything he said. But I've grown up, and now I do understand all the wisdom he shared.
I'd like to share what I learned, how it shaped my entrepreneurial mindset, and how you can fuel the entrepreneurial mindset in your child.
1. Encourage the "Why"
My dad never answered my questions directly. Rather, he encouraged me to think further, to ask the question "why" to myself, to never stop thinking and trying to find the answer to a puzzle.
Back in 1994, "googling" was not such a normal thing. Cell phone didn't yet exist. It took us a good ten-minute to dial up the Internet connection. We still used one of those Motorola pagers back then.
So googling any questions I had was out of the way. My dad is a creative physics entrepreneur. He always came home with a new toy, a new gadget, a new "thing" I didn't know what it was, what it was for, and how to use it. But he never taught me how to use them. He never told me what they were! How was I supposed know how to use the tool? He encouraged me to use my brain to figure it out. If I gave up because I couldn't be bothered, he'd start pulling out an incentive --  if you could figure it out I'll give you $10. So I kept on thinking ... possibility A, B, C.
After a while, I got used to thinking on my feet and just automatically got into the thinking mode and start figuring things out. There's no Google back then remember? I just had to think until my mental energy was totally used up. Then he'd start giving me hints.
Benefit:Teach your kid to get into the habit of thinking on their own feet.
2. Play quizzes and puzzles
Besides playing sports and running around, one of the things my dad liked to do was coming up with some brainy puzzles and strategic games. At first, you'd feel like you couldn't be bothered trying to solve the puzzle, but after a while you started to love to challenge. And you'd like them to become more and more challenging.
Benefit: Teach your kid to love figuring out challenges and solving problems
3. Let them earn the money
Besides the little pocket money I got, I was always encouraged to find ways to earn money. Starting from earning money from giving dad a massage or doing extra work he asked for. When I was in year 1, I repackaged a big bag of some rare candy you could only get from my grandmother's hometown into smaller packages and sold them to my school friends for $2 a bag because I got sick of people asking me for free candy all the time. As I got a little older, I started doing a side project translating games from English to Thai for a translation company, sold postcards made of my drawing and painting at school art fairs, and participated in competitions after competitions and won prize money. My parents always encouraged me to be entrepreneurial and to find ways to earn extra on my own without their help.
Benefit: Teach your kid to earn money off their passion
4. Ask them to come up with a business idea and pitch to you
My dad always asked me to come up with a new business idea, write a business plan, and pitch it to him. I was asked that questions over and over since I was 10.
"Think about the problem people face in their daily lives with no existing solutions. And come up with an idea of how we can solve the problem."
That was really hard to think about as a kid especially identifying problems, let alone coming up with innovative ideas to solve them.
Benefit: If you start thinking about business ideas and problems people face since you're 10, how many amazing, innovative ideas would you have by the time you're 20?
5. Inspire them to be their own boss and work for themselves.
Growing up with dad, I didn't see it as a big deal owning your own business and being your own boss. But now that I am facing it myself, I realize it's no easy game. It takes a lot of mental strength, courage, and perseverance to be an entrepreneur. Let alone scaling your businesses to go beyond a 1-5 man business to a 20-50 man business, and to multiple offices in several cities around the world.
Benefit: Plant that mindset in them. It's normal to not wanting to do a 9-5 job or working for someone else. Sometimes society tells you otherwise.
6. Teach them the importance of communication, marketing, and sales
My dad, although is more of a manager than a marketer, has always placed importance on marketing. He's always said to me that no matter how good your product or your business is, if you don't know how to market, you just can't sell, the business can't scale. Luckily marketing has become my forte. It is second to nature to me. I was a born marketer and I know it I cannot do anything else but to be a marketing expert.
Communication is crucial and even just communicating with dad in a father-daughter context, he always points out how I should communicate -- be it in person, over the phone, in email, or SMS. Headline + Body + Summary. Make it clear, sharp, and to the point. Make sure the structure flow. Use bullet points. Use big fonts and highlights on important bits.
I've also learned the art of negotiating from him -- justifying the cost with benefits gained. When I wanted to ask for money for something, I knew I had to come up with reasons that are good enough to justify the cost aka the benefits I'll gain from the product or ROI.
Benefit: They will start thinking about how they would market their product and their target market as soon as they have a new business idea. The sooner you can put this into your mindset, the more natural it becomes.
7. Show them the art of managing, outsourcing, and time-management
I wanted to study a lot of things. My mom always encouraged me to study a lot of things. My dad, on the other hand, values the art of managing -- "Don't spend all your time doing everything because you can't be good at everything. Instead, hire people who're amazing at what they do and have them working for you."
My dad always encouraged me to hire people instead of learning the skills on my own. He is also a big fan of outsourcing. My mom didn't want to get a cleaner as to save money. My dad, on the contrary, is a shrewd calculator of time versus money. He believes that the headache and energy you save from doing all the house work helps you earn more money (to pay for cleaner(s) and possibly a driver). He'd rather hire a driver to drive him around so he could do work while being stuck in traffic.
Benefit: They will not adopt the typical mindset of hours versus time, but rather think about value, cost versus revenue, and the art of the 4-hour work week.
8. Show them the value of teamwork
One thing my dad always said was,
No matter how smart you are, a bird cannot fly without wings.
What he meant was I needed a great team to help me achieve my goals. I can't achieve goals on my own. People are the most valuable asset of a company. Although people are the biggest source of headache that comes with running your own business. Hire right. Treat people right. Show your passion. Live your values.
Benefit: Embrace and develop a great people skill and the art of influence at a very young age
Although I am still at the beginning of my journey, the things I learned as a child that I might have forgotten are all coming back to me and are reclaiming their places in my life.
Looking back to how far I've come and what I've achieved, it's the little steps in life that keep progressing that count. It's the courage to keep moving forward, going against fears, and getting out of the comfort zone. It's the self-reflection I make to turn life experiences into wisdom. It's the new people I meet and continue to meet in order to broaden my horizon. It's the new skills and new ways of thinking I learn. It's the relentless drive and zest for life and constant self-improvement.
Mo is the owner of the famous inspirational blog - BrandMentalist.com . She also runs an online store selling inspirational quote posters on BrandMentalistCollection.com
Follow her on Twitter @BrandMentalist and Instagram @BrandMentalist
Sign up HERE to follow Mo's posts via email
Follow Mo Seetubtim on Twitter: www.twitter.com/brandmentalist
More:

Roxanne Aquino: Work Only on What Will Give You JoyThis is part of the #CareerAdvice series -  featuring successful professionals who share their advice to people who would want to take their career to the next level.
Roxanne Aquino, Chief Dreamer at Dreamlist Holding Corp
Philippines was in a crisis situation in 1980's. Yet, that did not stop Roxanne Aquino from landing a marketing role at one of the world's largest and most profitable consumer products companies in the world where she eventually carved her career starting as Product Group Manager then eventually as Vice President Marketing at Unilever Foods and Vice President Marketing at Unilever Asia, respectively. Her interesting journey eventually led her to pursue the role of Chief Dreamer at Dreamlist Holding Corp.
She shares some really important career lessons on the importance of working only on what will give you joy.
Can you tell us a bit about how you started your career? What are some of your best moments in your professional life?
I started working straight out of college in 1984. The Philippine economy was in shambles and there was a "freeze hire" policy in most companies.  Despite this, I applied in Unilever (which used to be known as Philippine Refining Company) and Procter and Gamble who were recruiting.
They said that if they continued to recruit despite the economy then they were assured they would get the best candidates!  After going through a rigorous selection process, Unilever confirmed I could start as a Management Trainee in Marketing.
I got the advice even before graduation and way before P&G so my decision was made.  I recall that during the final interview, the Marketing Director, Peter Dart, who now works for WPP, asked if I had convinced his colleagues that I was not a "security risk"! This was one year after my uncle Ninoy Aquino was assassinated; Marcos was still the president then and the united opposition induced left-leaning organizations.
I knew I wanted to join a multinational corporation because they "played by the book.". I did not ever want to be in a position that needed to use influence to achieve what was necessary. I don't think I was familiar with the term "meritocracy" then, but I wanted to join a company that adhered to this. Joining Unilever is one of the best decisions I made and I grew with them for the next 23 years.
After 9 years in the Philippines, my work expatriated me to Indonesia, London, the Netherlands and Thailand. I loved being a marketer in different cultures, throwing away the rule book, never second-guessing my consumers, taking the time to immerse myself in different worlds and understand what drives their choices. I am naturally curious up to today.
If you could advise your 20-year-old-self today, what would you tell her?
I don't think my values and preferences were fully formed when I was 20 years old.  I was lucky that Unilever saw potential in me and assigned me to the Marketing function.
I don't think I would have chosen to specialize in Marketing given my uninspiring exposure to the subject in college. There is a saying "choose a job you love and you will never have to work any day in your life" but really, do you know yourself well when you are 18, 20 years old?
So I think I will say to my 20 year old self, "Seek the counsel of people who are exposed to all the possibilities and trust that when they give you advice, they will have your best interests at heart.".
This could be an older cousin, an aunt or uncle, a family friend, etc.  You don't have to limit yourself to one advisor, you can have a few and see if any recurring themes emerge.
What has been the most valuable advice you've ever gotten when you were facing challenges in your career?
One of the most challenging times in my career was leaving the corporate world after 23 years.
My BFF and I worked on what my priority values were and ranked these -- Personal Growth, Family Happiness, Location, Leadership and Creative expression.
What was left out was revealing -- it was not about Compensation, Ambition and Status or Harmony in the workplace.  This soul searching brought me to a move to Consulting where I enjoyed the diversity of the industries I worked on, the intellectual stimulation of the challenges my clients faced and the flexible working arrangements that allowed me to plan around family and health needs.
Now my husband says "Work only on what will give you joy."
Rather than duty or responsibility which is what used to drive me in the past, before taking on any work, I now ask myself, "Will I enjoy this?"  I have to admit though that this is a luxury as I have saved enough financially to be able to pick and choose.
What would you advise the millennial just starting with their career or aiming to take their careers to the next level?
Weigh up your decisions seriously. Give any job the proper time.
In my view, the minimum should be 2 years;  4-5 years before you move next is ideal. That way you learn everything about what you enjoy (or not), what plays to your strengths (or not).  If you don't think you can stick to a job for more than 2 years then don't do it.
If you are not sure, ask questions, ask people who have done the job before, shadow someone doing a similar job. Do your homework, then decide.
When I look at a CV, I weed out "hoppers" -- those who jump from one job to another, who move industries, companies and countries at the same time, those who don't stick to their jobs long enough.  To me "hoppers" are restless and uncertain.
It's like they don't want to live with the consequences of their decisions or want to escape before they are found out.
Make an informed, considered decision then honour your commitments.
Watch out for the next post of the #CareerAdvice series and be sure to connect with me on Twitter @jonharules , LinkedIn and my blog, Digital Marketing in Asia .
Follow Jonha Revesencio on Twitter: www.twitter.com/jonharules
More:

10 Things Only Personal Finance Nerds Would Understandreddit
Want to hear something a little ... embarrassing?
At one point in high school, I was the captain of both the Math Club and the AV Club.
I did school plays, enjoyed a game of Magic the Gathering from time to time, spent many days building computers and many nights at "LAN parties" playing Starcraft with my friends.
It's safe to say I was am a "Nerd."
And proud of it.
Today, however, I'm a different kind of Nerd. I'm a personal finance nerd.
In other words, I enjoy talking about money and what it can do. I find the entire concept of money fascinating and love to find ways to make it, spend it, invest it, hide it (legally!), multiply it and share it.
A few weeks ago I went to the Financial Bloggers Conference (FinCon14) in New Orleans and had an amazing time hanging out with hundreds of other "personal finance nerds" just like me. Sure, most of them were not real estate nerds like myself (we are a "special" kind of personal finance nerd), but they loved talking about money and business all the same.
During the conference, one specific thing stood out to me: personal finance nerds are different. We think a little differently than the rest of the population -- for good and for bad. So today I thought I would outline some of the ways we stand out.
As you read through this list, I wonder how many would apply to YOU?
Let's get to it. Below, I give you 10 things only personal finance nerds would understand.
10.) I'd Rather Have $2.00 Tomorrow Than $1.00 Today
Personal finance nerds understand the need for sacrifice. While the rest of our friends are busy buying the latest video game system, new shiny car or big house with the 4 car garage, personal finance nerds are patiently waiting. We try to live below our means with the hopes (and assumptions) that someday our sacrifice will pay off, and we'll be able to have even more.
9.) Millionaires Typically Don't Drive Lamborghinis and Aston Martins
For those who have read "The Millionaire Next Door," you'll understand this. Millionaires are very different from what the general population thinks they are. Most of the world thinks of the world "millionaire" and envision those crazy reality TV housewives. However, personal finance nerds know better. We know that the typical millionaire hides among us, driving normal cars, living in normal houses, and living normal lives.
However...
8.) It's Okay to Splurge on Something Nice...at the Right Time
Personal finance nerds are not frugal for frugal's sake (well...some of them are!) In fact, most personal finance nerds know when to splurge on something nice -- because they can afford it. The difference is timing. Most of the population buys stuff they don't need, that they can't afford, to impress people they don't like. Personal finance nerds save up and plan for the stuff they truly want to enrich their lives.
7.) Forget Nuclear...Compound Interest is the Most Powerful Force in the Universe
Although that quote has been attributed to Einstein, it probably wasn't he who said it.
However, the truth is something recognized by personal finance nerds across the world: Compound interest is a powerful thing! If you are unfamiliar with the concept, here's a good way to understand it:
Which would you rather have: $1,000 every day for a month or $.01 doubled every day for a month?
The $1,000 every day for a month would net you $31,000. This is linear growth -- it goes up the same every day.
The penny doubled is compound interest, which grows exponentially. Any guess how much you'd have after 31 days?
Boom:  $10,737,418.20. That's the power of compound interest.
So...which would you rather have now?
Like I said, personal finance nerds get this. That's why they invest their money -- to grow it exponentially!
Savers grow linear, investors grow exponentially.
6.) High Schools Do Practically Nothing to Prepare Kids for a Financially Sound Future
Look -- high school is great for a lot of things. You can learn how to find the acute angle on a triangle, what the Emperor Nero did to people he didn't like, or how to make a Piñata out of paper mache and a balloon. But when it comes to things that actually matter in life, like "how to build your credit," "when is the right time to buy a house," "should you get those store credit cards," and more -- schools fall short. And I think the only ones who see this are personal finance nerds!
5.) Getting Out of Debt Can Actually Be Fun!
I know -- if you are not a personal finance nerd, you might think this is crazy. Most of the world probably thinks the process of getting out of debt is a labor. But honestly -- getting out of debt can be fun!
For nerds like me -- it's a puzzle, a game. Each time I pay off a credit card, student loan, whatever, I'm seriously pumped! I like to sit down with a pencil and paper (or spreadsheet) and try to figure out how long until every debt I have (including mortgages) are paid off. It's exciting stuff!
4.) I'd Rather Read a Great PF Blog Post Than Celebrity Gossip
Look -- I'm sure George Clooney's wedding was awesome. It was plastered all over the news, in every newspaper, in every magazine. But...honestly...I'd rather spend my time reading some great personal finance articles to better my position in life. I know...I'm a nerd.
If this is you -- and you are looking for some great personal finance blogs to follow besides The BiggerPockets Blog that this article originally appeared on, might I suggest:

Big Data and Bigger Breaches With Alex Pentland of Monument Capital Groupreddit
We now live in a world where data is its own form of currency. From email addresses to social security numbers and medical histories we are, in the grand scheme, a collection of data points. In order to function in the modern world we as individuals are now largely required to trust these data points with a wide array of organizations and businesses. Unfortunately, that trust has been harder to give as more and more entities from the U.S. Government to Walmart have been victims to a variety of data breaches that ultimately leave the individuals exposed.
Professor Pentland serves as a Scientific Advisor for Monument Capital Group Holdings, an international private investment firm.  Alex "Sandy" Pentland also directs MIT's Human Dynamics Laboratory and the MIT Media Lab Entrepreneurship Program, co-leads the World Economic Forum Big Data and Personal Data initiatives, and is a member of the Advisory Boards for Google, Nissan, Motorola Mobility, Telefonica, and a variety of start-up firms.  He has spent a lot of time addressing the failings of big data systems and pushing for better infrastructure and security protocols across the board. He has even developed a consumer level data platform that mimics what the big guys should be doing.
SPN: You have spoken in the past about the flaws in how big data is collected and used. Is there any one fundamental flaw we need to fix?
AP: A major risk of deploying big data operations comes from the danger of putting so much personal data into the hands of one organization and also from storing that data in a single location. Organizations must arrange big data resources in a distributed manner, with each different type of data separated and dispersed among many locations, using many different types of computer systems and encryption.
SPN: What about personnel access?
AP: Human resources should be organized into cells of access and permission that are localized both spatially and by data type. Both computer and human resources should always be redundant and fragmented in order to avoid overly powerful central actors who can be corrupted and then override standard security precautions. It's this issue that creates situations like the Edward Snowden affair.
SPN: So segment information and limit access to it?
AP: Databases that have different types of data that are physically and logically distributed, and that also have heterogeneous computer and encryption systems, are hard to attack, both physically as well as through cyber-attack. This is because any single exploit is likely to gain access to only a limited part of the whole database. Similarly, the resilience of organizations with a heterogeneous cell-like human and permissions structure is familiar from intelligence and terrorist organizations. Importantly, resistance to attack by adopting a distributed organization is a particularly pressing issue for centralized organizations, because unfettered access to data about consumer or citizen behavior can be a major source of risk and liability.
SPN: I see how this can make breaches more difficult overall, but how hard is it to monitor for breaches in a system like this?
AP: The key insight is that for distributed data systems, each type of data analysis operation has a characteristic pattern of communication between the various different databases and human operators. As a consequence, it is possible to monitor the functioning of the data analysis process without gaining access to, or endangering, the analysis content. In short, one can use "metadata about metadata" in order to monitor the use of metadata, and with some reasonable confidence one can ensure that only normal or usual analysis operations are being conducted without reference to specific content. Organizations that structure their data resources in this manner can more easily monitor attacks and misuse of all sorts.
For example, let's assume a system in which different types of databases are physically distributed. In this case one can observe the amount and pattern of traffic between the different databases. These patterns are characteristic of the analysis being performed, and so deviations from the normal patterns of communication between databases are cause for concern. In this manner, an independent authority can perform substantial, fairly effective monitoring of the functioning of a department that performs analysis of secret or proprietary data. In most cases it is sufficient that each element of the system monitor only local traffic. It's important to understand that all of these lessons also apply to entire cities, economic sectors, or even entire nations...any entity with large, complex databases.
SPN: How so?
AP: Criminal behavior by citizens or employees, industrial espionage, and cyber-attack are among the greatest dangers that we face in the big data era. A distributed architecture of databases joined with a network that supports permissions, provenance, and auditing can reduce risk and increase resilience of such large networked systems of databases.  At the same time such a distributed system can provide the sort of `many eyes' oversight that can help keep exploitative companies in check.
SPN: How complicated is it to build a system with these types of structure and protocols? Is there any best practice?
AP: For a system that relies on multiple levels of oversight, the computer architecture should have distributed data stores with permissions, provenance, and auditing for sharing among data stores. The data stores can, and probably should, be segmented by their content--for example, there would be separate data stores for tax records for individuals, tax records for companies, import records from country X to port Y, and so on. The current best practice is a system of sharing is called trust networks.
Trust networks are a combination of a computer network that keeps track of user permissions for each piece of data, and a legal framework that specifies both what can and cannot be done with the data and what happens if there is a violation of the permissions. This is the model of data management that is most frequently proposed within the World Economic Forum Big Data and Personal Data Initiatives.
SPN: Are there any downsides to trust networks?
AP: A concern about trust networks is the cost associated with keeping track of permissions and supporting the capability for automated auditing. Since many companies already maintain such data structures in order to support internal compliance and auditing functions, the cost concern does not appear to be a major barrier. Another concern is that a trust network system may be too complex for normal use, or that it will not inspire (or deserve) the sort of user trust that the name suggests. Again, the longstanding use of trust networks by banks around the world suggests that complexity of use is not a barrier.
SPN: When we talk trust networks are these strictly enterprise level systems?
AP: Until recently, such systems were available only to the "big guys."  Today, however, the ever-decreasing cost of computing, storage, and transmission enables small companies and even individuals to have a similarly safe method of managing personal data. Towards this end, my research group at MIT has developed and built openPDS--a consumer version of this type of system. We are now testing it with a variety of industry and government partners, and commercial versions are already being deployed.
SPN: With what we now know about big data and structure/security protocols why haven't large scale businesses modified their infrastructure to better protect against the high level breaches we have seen over the last couple years?
AP: The easy thing is to imagine you can solve security problems by building a strong vault and hiring a reliable policeman to watch over it  There is an entire security industry pushing this sort of solution, and in addition hardware and software vendors like to push centralized, uniform solutions.  It is hard to face the reality that attacks aren't just by amateurs and that no matter how good your wall or your security staff some attacks will succeed.  That means that you have to be prepared for losses, and focus on building a resilient defensive system that accounts for attacks on both computers and people.
Follow Shane Paul Neil on Twitter: www.twitter.com/shanepaulneil
More:

How to Manage Talent in a Networked Agereddit
What this episode is about and why you should care
In a world where employee tenure is shrinking and where independent workers are on the rise, organizations are struggling to find a new way of working with employees. Employees in the meantime are thinking of ways they can develop their careers while always keeping an eye on "the next best opportunity" to come their way. Clearly there is a challenge for businesses today when it comes to trust in loyalty. So, is there a solution that can benefit both parties? One approach is to use the concepts outlined in a recent book called The Alliance which focuses on "tours of duty" or rotational periods of employment. During a tour of duty an employee commits to completing something for the employer and the employer commits to helping the employee advance their career, learn new skills, grow their network, etc. To learn more about the "tour of duty" along with other concepts from The Alliance, I invited Chris Yeh to join me on The Future of Work Podcast.
What you will learn in this episode
What is a "tour of duty" and how long do they last?
What are some ways to maintain employee engagement?
What are ways that businesses can utilize and build alliances?
How does trust play a role in the business world?
What are the different classifications of the tour of duty
What approach you can use to increase employee retention
Understanding of the role managers pay in an organization
Learn the framework that will help you retain employees
What employees can do to build an alliance
What employers can do to build an alliance

My Dog Charlie & LinkedInreddit
Did you ever go to school and tell your teacher, "The dog ate my homework"?  Ours once ate airplane tickets, but that's another tail or tale. In this case, my dog stepped on my computer while I was on Linkedin and not only uploaded my entire mailing list but did something no one can figure out. He switched the introductory copy on my site. No offense to LinkedIn or anyone using it, but I have so little free time, I probably check it once a month. Suddenly I began getting a slew of emails from people who forgot about me some years ago, when I was no longer hiring for those high paying jobs in TV.
Hey -just thinking about you today. Why today after two years?
Hi Susan, just wanted to let you know what I've been doing. Should I care? You have never returned a call from me.
Hey Boss - got a gig for me? Did I advertise for an apprentice?
And on and on and on.  I could count more than one hundred emails from my former associates.  Why now was all that I could ask?  I had not done anything spectacular.  I keep a fairly low profile in the entertainment world working behind the scenes.  Sure, I'd love to be prepping the next hit show, but that's not in my current professional line up right now.  This was so odd.  And it made me incredibly angry.  Why, if I am so sought after right now, did all these people drop out of my life so quickly when I switched the balance of my two professions?  But then I remember when I left Good Morning America and soon after moved to LA -- that same cone of silence disturbed me then.  I felt like I was just an employment agency.  But that is the name of the game in this industry.  People are often shallow, out for themselves, will feed you whatever BS they need to get a job, pretend they like you and then you become a delete on their iPhone.
No, I have not dropped off the face of the earth. I currently spend more time as a psychotherapist than as a TV producer. And while I have the most loyal clients, those who want to stay even when I have "graduated" them, they are my clients and not my friends. I know who my real friends are and am so grateful for calls or even emails or texts. My hours are bizarre and do not leave much time for socializing. But it took this most recent incident to make me more aware of how important it is to keep in touch with friends. I am guilty as well. I don't "thumb" to make a connection. I am making it a priority to actually make a phone call, Skype, FaceTime so that I hear real voices and see real people. Granted, this is a lost art but there is a legitimate reason why so many people are lonely. Their thumbs get a workout but they, too, inherit a different cone of silence.  And my dog Charlie?  He has lost his computer privilege but I can't thank him enough for reminding me that real friends are friends all the time, not just when you can hire them. Charlie, you rock and you will get your own LinkedIn page as soon as I finish deleting everything.
Follow Susan Winston on Twitter: www.twitter.com/warrior1952
More:

Social Media Monitoring: Is Your Business Listeningreddit
There's no doubt that social media has changed the landscape for brands throughout the world.
Never before has it been possible to form immediate connections and have real-time conversations with your customers on a global scale.
If your business is considering joining the conversations on social media, or perhaps is already there, it's essential you are using social media monitoring to ensure you are managing your social media accounts in a professional and reputable way.
As a business, your social media presence is your professional face to the world. In decades past, if you received a letter of complaint from a disgruntled customer, it was easy to ignore it and not take action.
However, in the digital age where social media has made conversations between brands and customers transparent for the world to see, no longer can you hide behind complaints and negative feedback.
What is social media monitoring?
Social media monitoring is the process of carefully listening on social networks for conversations that include mentions of your business or  brand.
In the past, this was an expensive exercise that involved using high-end tools that excluded many companies from using such services. The good news is today social media monitoring can be done using many powerful tools for free. And what business doesn't love free tools?
How to get started with social media monitoring
The first step in getting started with social listening is compiling a list of the keywords your business uses. Keywords are the words your customers and clients are using on social media when having conversations about your  products or services.
Start by brainstorming all the keywords your customers might use online, including the slang and negative versions of these words. For example, [your product/brand] fail, [your product/brand] bad. These are the mentions you definitely want to stay on top of so you can respond to negative feedback in a timely manner.
Once you have your list of keywords, use a tool like Topsy to check how popular those words are on social media in terms of how many mentions.
Users can discover the most relevant tweets, links, photos and videos for any term from Topsy's index of hundreds of billions of tweets. You can then group terms into saved topics and setup customized alerts and daily activity digests. There's no doubt it's a powerful tool for getting the big picture in social media.
Social media monitoring tools
There are a number of free social media monitoring tools that make monitoring social media conversations about your brand easy and enjoyable.
Some of the most popular ones  include:
Hootsuite: Hootsuite covers multiple social media networks including Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn, WordPress, Foursquare and Google+. It has analytic reports with the ability for you to have multiple administrators managing your accounts.
TweetDeck : TweetDeck offers some of the same features as Hootsuite and is a good starting point for beginners. You can schedule your tweets, monitor mentions and hashtags, and manage multiple accounts.
Klout: This is one of the more controversial social media monitoring tools as some people claim the scoring system is inaccurate. However, it does allow you to track how people think about your brand, as well as measure your engagement through Twitter.
Social Mention: Social Mention is a powerful and popular tool for measuring your engagement on social media  within four categories: Strength, Sentiment, Passion and Reach. Check this one out if you haven't done so already.
The benefits of social media monitoring
Social listening can be incredibly valuable to your business in the long run. Through listening closely to the conversations your customers are having about your business, you can:
Respond to customer complaints in a timely manner, avoiding escalation of disputes
Enhance your online image and brand by showing you are responsive and interested in your customers
Forward the conversations about your brand to raise awareness of your products and services
Listen to feedback to help you develop products and services that accurately fit your customers needs
Social media monitoring does not have to be difficult, costly or time consuming. When managed well with efficient and effective  systems and procedures, it can enhance your customer service, your brand reputation as well as the overall recognition of your company in the online space.

Test Driving a Tesla Model S P85 Performance Electric Carreddit
There have been many cars I have tested as of late.  However, the one car now that all other cars will be based upon (excluding some design components to the interior, which we will get to) is the Tesla Model S P85 (for Performance and 85 kilowatt battery pack aka plenty of juice for a long time).
The test was done in four days plus a few hours.  Yet one thing was clear: forget the worry about charging and realize I drove 789 miles in four days with no home charger; only used the SuperChargers across the Tri-State area of New York and Connecticut.
Day One was the pickup day at the Mount Kisco store in Mount Kisco, NY.  Given that I don't live far from the store, I just left my car there and took the Tesla for four days.  The manager was cool and didn't mind that I left it there since the next week he was expecting a delivery of over 80 cars.  That deserves: Boom!
So off I went on my first ride which had a charge (not full) of 230 miles.  After predicting my driving patterns over the trip to the JFK Airport SuperCharger I was driving toward the range increased.  Yup.  I got more charge as I drove this car so the only thing to do was enter a new SuperCharger as easily listed on the front dashboard (or a large flatscreen computer. Take your pick) and then Syosset, New York was the next logical place to charge.
After driving to the charger with still about 65 miles left on charge, I backed up the car and plugged into the SuperCharger. After a cup of coffee, a bathroom break and checking out the Tesla Roadster sitting in the dealership for a bit (then sitting inside of it) I had almost a full charge of over 270 miles.
For those that think 270 miles is just that; no dice, not on an electric car.  You see regenerative braking adds miles to the charge.  In this case the dynamic regenerative braking gave me about 320 miles estimated range.  I guess my version (like an iPhone) of driving the car helped me go further on a charge than previous updates (that have been reported).  This is according to the owner of a Model S that was charging his car next to mine at the Syosset store.
The rest of Day One into Two was driving home, around town and performing all the ordinary driving tests up and down the Taconic State Parkway to the Sprain Brook and Bronx River Parkways in Westchester County and Bronx County in New York.  At the end of the Bronx River Parkway (going south) is a turn around so the rest of the test is then heading North.  Then I visited friends to show them the car and how fast it was.  Everyone seemed to love the idea that the door handles come out to greet the person with the Key Fab as they approach the car.  They also loves the screen that was almost the size of two iPad's.
So after my charging in Syosset and for the rest of Day Two, I did NOT use the portable charger.  The bottom line was there was no need; nor was it a concern in this electric car.  Without question, this was the first time ever that I have driven an electric car that there was no worry to refuel.  Now in early 2000's I would test electric cars for the State of NY. Never did they have the range of a Model S; so no worry means no worry. That's huge for the electric car industry and particularly Tesla Motors. Let's continue.
Day Three was to charge the car at the Mount Kisco store. Once there, I realized it wasn't a fast charger (weird) aka the SuperCharger. After driving not far to the first exit on the Merritt State Parkway in Connecticut was the first set of SuperCharger's nearby. After getting off the exit and passing the Mobil station, there was a whole section of SuperChargers where I plugged in for free.  While there, I went to take care of business, had a cup of coffee and an egg and cheese on a bagel.  After having my food and coffee, I went to the car. In only 15 to 20 minutes the Tesla Model S was almost fully charged at 270 miles. That was enough for me to feel confident and drive away.
The rest of Day Three and Day Four were purely driving days. It also included the performance tests needed, and without a question this car can do what it delivers and then some folks. Everyone's first reaction while I hit the accelerator from 0-60 was their head snapping back into the seat. The 100 percent Torque at Zero RPM means when I step on the accelerator the car is full tilt all in, shake and bake fantastic electric  car!
Even with all the tests, fast and slow, one thing is for certain: the car odometer read 789 miles travelled. That number was based on real odometer miles and no shortcuts. Again, this was the first time I never worried about fuel for a car or where to charge. It just never became an issue with this electric car. As well, since I have to remain impartial and my bias toward electric, I would tell you all if this car had a problem with range. I have nothing to hide here. This car performed.  No, it over performed and that makes this my ultimate test of all-electric driving for days on end without worry about where to charge and how many times I played with the power of the torque.
Now, the Model S without question needs some more bells and whistles inside (besides that basic O.S. bar above your head near the door. There were none of those or magazine holders in the back seats, nor a center console to rest coffee or beverages for passengers). So that needs some reworking from Elon Musk.
Yet believe me! This car WILL revolutionize the automotive industry. At this rate, it's obvious to me that Tesla will continue to excel. I want to test the Model X SUV and a regular 85 kilowatt pack (versus performance) to see what the range is on that version of the Model S. People just need to know reality. This is a real electric car that car can blow past a Dodge or Mustang. Don't kid yourself about how great this car is and what it means for the automobile industry, oil and the economy.
Follow Seth Leitman on Twitter: www.twitter.com/seth_leitman
More:

Emerson Electric Latest to Confirm ALEC Exitreddit
Emerson Electric is the latest corporation to confirm it has ended funding for the American Legislative Exchange Council (ALEC), joining a notable wave of recent corporate defectors that has included Microsoft, Google, Facebook, AOL and Yahoo.
Emerson first revealed that it ended its association in discussions with Walden Asset Management, which has engaged the corporation over its affiliation with ALEC. An Emerson spokesperson confirmed this to CMD, but refused to provide further details about the reason for its decision or precisely when the relationship ended. The equipment manufacturer, which employees more than 131,000 people and has annual revenue of nearly $25 billion, has faced pressure from shareholders for several years over its relationship with ALEC. It now seems that Emerson stopped funding ALEC some time ago, but decided to keep quiet about it until now at a time when other large corporations like Google and Microsoft are distancing themselves from ALEC.
ALEC has been plagued by controversy since 2011 when CMD launched the ALEC Exposed project , revealing the role of the organization in promoting disenfranchising Voter ID laws, NRA-sponsored lax gun laws, and a raft of legislation designed to increase corporate profits by privatizing services and eliminating regulations. Most recently, ALEC has been exposed for teaching state legislators climate change denial at its conferences.
As CMD reported earlier this week when AOL announced it would leave ALEC:
The recent exodus of tech firms from ALEC has come following increased awareness of the group's role in teaching state legislators climate change denial during its closed door meetings. Funded by some of the largest coal, oil and gas companies , including Koch Industries , ExxonMobil and Peabody Energy , ALEC has long opposed action to tackle climate change, blocked efforts for any kind of limit on carbon pollution and opposed the development of renewable energy. Following renewed public concern about climate change, ALEC's corporate funders appear increasingly unwilling to be publicly associated with the group.
ALEC Teaches Climate Change Denial
In August, CMD obtained and released documents from the ALEC Annual Meeting in Dallas, Texas, which took place that month, with legislators being told during a presentation from famed climate change denier Joe Bast of the Heartland Institute, that "there is no scientific consensus on the human role in climate change" and "there is no need to reduce carbon dioxide emissions and no point in attempting to do so." Heartland is best known for a billboard campaign which compared those that believe in climate change with terrorists such as the Unabomber, Ted Kaczynski.
Another session during the same conference was led by staff from The Committee for a Constructive Tomorrow (CFACT), another climate change denial group, which was titled "How to Think and Talk About Climate and Energy Issues." At that session, legislators were provided with talking points to take back to their states, which touted the supposed benefits of increased CO2 and denied carbon dioxide is a major pollutant causing climate change.
Then in September, Google Executive Chairman Eric Schmidt went on NPR's Diane Rehm show. Following a question from a caller about ALEC, Schmidt admitted that Google had made a mistake in providing ALEC with funding because of its position on climate change and its opposition to renewable energy. "We should not be aligned with such people. They are just literally lying," Schmidt said.
Within weeks, Facebook , Yahoo , Yelp , Overstock.com all announced that they too had or would soon leave ALEC. Most recently, SAP America, the German software firm and the ALEC corporate board chair, announced that it would immediately cease support for ALEC, telling CMD in a statement that this was because of the groups "strange policies" on climate change, renewable energy, guns and voting rights.
Emerson Electric's decision now puts further pressure on the few remaining ALEC corporations who have a brand to protect, including eBay and Expedia.
Follow Nick Surgey on Twitter: www.twitter.com/NickSurgey
More:

Are You an Entrepreneur or EmployeeI think there comes a time in every entrepreneur's career where we all ask ourselves: "what do I really want out of this?"
Do I simply want to go to a job every day?
A job that's all mine, where I make the rules, the hours etc or I delude myself into thinking I do.
The problem with this is that this job becomes totally reliant upon you being there, doing the work. There are no sick days, holiday leave, weekends away. Well not at the beginning anyway.
This job ends up being the lowest paid job you've ever had because of the sheer number of hours you put in. Instead of your job freeing you it ends up enslaving you.  And you essentially become an employee of your own business - not the entrepreneur who once started it.
Unfortunately, most entrepreneurs I meet end up in this situation. I don't know if that's what they wanted all along - or (most likely) - they got stuck along the way and don't know how to get out.
A few years back I read a report; which said that over 400,000 businesses in the U.S alone fail each year (Source: "E-myth Revisited") because owners just don't know how to take their businesses from infancy to maturity.
In the "E-Myth Revisited" Michael Gerber writes, "The work of the Entrepreneur is to wonder, to imagine, to dream..."
That means if we want to be true entrepreneurs and not just underpaid, overworked, and unsatisfied employees in our own businesses, we have to constantly be thinking about ways to improve and tweak and progress our business and our processes.
According to Gerber, our jobs as entrepreneurs (if that's what you really want to be) is "to educate {ourselves} sufficiently so that, as {our} business grows, the business's foundation and structure can handle the weight."
How can we make something different and special? How do we become in our industries what Starbucks is to coffee or what McDonalds is to fast food? As business owners/entrepreneurs THIS is where our focus needs to be if we don't just want to be slaves to our businesses.
To gain a deeper inside into this topic I recently caught up with Tim Farr, founder of Midpoint Wealth . A company that specialises in helping entrepreneur's put the right systems, processes and strategies in place to move from being an employee of their own business to a shareholder of multiple businesses.
"After working with 100's of business owners over the past couple of years I've come to realize that those who end up being successful in business treat their company as an investment and have mastered entrepreneurship by overcoming the top 3 most common challenges when it comes to business ownership: Time, Team & Money.
An entrepreneur knows that to be successful it's never about building businesses; instead building people who build the business for you. On the other hand employees are usually too busy being the engine of their own business and are limited by their own resources and capabilities." Tim Farr.
Many small business owners decide to go in to business for themselves, to create time and financial freedom, to be the captain of their own ship, instead of being at the mercy of an employer.
However, before they know it, there drowning in a sea of administration, filling in when employees go on holidays themselves and staying up till the wee hours just to keep up with your every-growing "to do" list.
Just because you are self-employed and own a business, doesn't make you an entrepreneur. The difference between an entrepreneur and a business owner is the mindset of how you go about building your business.
Entrepreneurship is an art. It takes practice and requires a lot of knowledge in numerous areas of business. It also takes a certain mind set, which unfortunately, many business owners never seem to learn.
Now it doesn't matter whether you currently recognize yourself as an employee or entrepreneur, the main thing to consider here is where you ideally want to be? And what you need to do in order to get there?
If you reading this article and want clarity on whether you're an employee or entrepreneur below Tim shares the three various stages required in order for you to become a shareholder of multiple businesses rather then being self-employed.
1) Employee: When you're an employee of your business your success is reliant on and limited by your skills and expertise.Going from one project to another, buried in operations and unable to step back from the business without negatively impacting revenue and profits.
2) Director: When you reach the director level you have ultimately moved from working 'IN" the business to working 'ON' the business. Now it's a matter of getting crystal clear on the vision, focussing on financial performance, building a work culture which fosters high performing teams and creating the systems necessary to scale through sales and marketing.
3) Entrepreneur (Shareholder):  When you reach the shareholder stage you look to your business as an investment that can now provide true financial and time freedom. Like any investment it is critical to understand want your business asset is worth and whether the "return" is sufficient given the risk involved.
Every strategic or operational improvement project should be measured to ensure is provides real return on investment. Smart entrepreneurs know that owning a smaller part of a larger business is much better then owning 100% of a much smaller investment!
To accelerate this process, seek to establish an advisory board to reduce the costs associated in having to learn through trial and error.
More:

Sign a Contract  Lose Your RightsDeep within the contract I signed for a recent $699 purchase were these words:
Arbitration Agreement: Should any dispute arise in regards to this product, I/we agree to settlement by arbitration.
Well, great, I thought, after glancing through the multiple-page document and noticing the clause. I am not a litigious sort of person, and arbitration seems far preferable to courts and lawyers and outrageous legal expenditures. A reasonable solution.
Wrong. That agreement means I signed away all rights in any future dispute involving the product, committing to a decision that will be made by the person or firm hired by the company who wrote the contract. If I complain, and the company is paying the arbitrator, guess who's going to win? A recent study showed that 94 percent of the time, in cases like these, the judgment goes in the company's favor. Appeal? There is none. The decision is binding, and I have signed away my right to appeal -- that's also in the fine print.
"Lost in the Fine Print" , an eye-opening film just released by the Alliance for Justice , explains how these forced arbitration clauses affect millions of people every day, people like you and me who assume we enjoy such constitutional rights as equal protection, the right to appeal -- a voice. I could be out $699. But what if the forced arbitration clause in the small print meant you were done in by a for-profit college that took your money, gave you a worthless "diploma" and prevented you from ever getting a job because they'd already flooded the market with others far less qualified? Or suppose it meant you had no power over the credit card company that was ruining your small business with ever-increasing "swipe" fees. Or it meant that though you had been unjustly fired from your job, you were denied even a hearing? These are three of the stories told in "Lost in the Small Print."
"It's a rigged system that helps companies evade responsibility for violating anti-discrimination, consumer protection, and public health laws," says film narrator Robert Reich .
Reich, a noted political economist, author and speaker who served as U.S. Secretary of Labor under President Bill Clinton, explains how forced arbitration clauses usually go unnoticed in the pages of boiler-plate accompanying today's contracts. But even if they do catch the eye of the signer -- as happened with my recent purchase -- their potential impact cannot be foreseen.
And that impact can be huge: a job lost, a business struggling, a life wrecked.
"Lost in the Fine Print" runs for just under 20 minutes. You can watch it online, or order the DVD. It's free. Those could be the most important 20 minutes you'll spend in a very long time.
Follow Fran Moreland Johns on Twitter: www.twitter.com/FranJohns
More:

Security forces held to accountUpdated: November 15, 2014 00:20 IST
Security forces held to account
imprisonment
The life sentence recommended by the General Court Martial to five Army personnel of the 4 Rajputana Rifles — a Colonel who was the commanding officer of his unit, a Captain and three soldiers — for staging a fake encounter in Kashmir has come not a day too soon. The five were found guilty of killing three innocent men on April 30, 2010 and passing them off as Pakistani militants to collect cash rewards for the “encounter”. Massive protests engulfed the Valley after the killings, leading to the four-month long “stone-pelting agitation” in which 120 more Kashmiris, mostly teenagers and youth, were killed in street confrontations with police and the paramilitary. After a police investigation, 11 persons, including a Colonel and two Majors, were charge sheeted in a criminal court at Sopore. The Army successfully stalled the proceedings before a trial court and opted for a Court of Inquiry, which too arrived at the same conclusion as the police. It was on the basis of the CoI report, which was not made public, that the Army ordered the court martial in December 2013 . The proceedings began in January and ended in September, when the court reserved orders. After the Pathribal experience, in which the military court closed the case against the accused Army personnel citing absence of evidence, the court martial in the Macchil case ordered just a few days later, did not inspire much hope that justice would be done. But the punishment is certainly exemplary and will hopefully serve as a deterrent against wrongdoing. The sentence will take effect when it is confirmed by the Northern Corps Commander, Lt. Gen. G.S. Hooda. Chief Minister Omar Abdullah even called it a “watershed” moment for Jammu and Kashmir.
Also Read: The lesson from Macchil encounter
At a time when the Valley is once again seething at the killing of two young boys at the hands of soldiers, the conviction and the sentencing shore up the image of the Army as an institution that can hold its men accountable through internal processes. The Army would build more trust with the people of Kashmir if it also reopened the Pathribal fake encounter case in which a Brigadier, a Lieutenant Colonel, two Majors, and a Subedar of 7 Rashtriya Rifles were the accused. The justice done in the Macchil case is certain to be held up as an example of why there is no need to do away with the Armed Forces (Special Powers) Act or the immunity clauses in it. But the Army cannot portray itself as a fully accountable institution so long as it takes shelter under the non-accountability provisions of AFSPA, and puts itself outside the scrutiny of civilian courts. After all, it was only the pressure of a mass civilian protest and a police charge sheet pointing to clear evidence of crime that forced the Army’s hand and led to the initiation of action in the Macchil case.

Don t make fortune out of poor: RBI Guv Raghuram Rajan to micro lendersFIPB role shrinks amid easier FDI flows
Asking micro-lenders to look at only a “reasonable profit” to sustain their business while serving borrowers at the bottom of pyramid, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan has said that one should not think of making a fortune while serving poorest of the poor.
The comments come in sharp contrast to management guru late CK Prahalad’s views in his book ‘The Fortune at the Bottom of the Pyramid’.
The concept of the fortune at the bottom of the pyramid originally appeared in an article by Prahalad and Stuart L Hart in business journal ‘Strategy+Business’ in 2004.
That was followed by a book with the same title that discussed new business models targeted at providing goods and services to the poorest.
Microsoft founder Bill Gates, a philanthropist who has seen so far spent millions annually to help the poor, has described the book as something that offers an intriguing blueprint for how to fight poverty with profitability.
Rajan, himself is a renowned economist, said during a recent micro finance event, “I think Prahalad did a disservice by saying that there is a fortune at the bottom of the pyramid.
“My sense is that you cannot, in good conscience, make a fortune at the bottom of the pyramid. Make reasonable profits, but if you start making a fortune, it does start raising societal anxiety about how the fortune is being made”.
Following the advice of Prahalad, many companies across the world and especially consumer goods, auto and telecom marketers in the country, have begun to tap the underserved markets and made a big market out of them, Rajan said.
He added however that reasonable profit must be there at the bottom of the pyramid as the business has to be self-sustaining.
“If business is not self-sustaining, then entities Will make a pretence of doing the business, but they are not really going to get engaged until there are profits,” Rajan noted.
The poor who want to borrow often face local monopolies, which in the long-run can be taken care of by market competition, but in short-run borrowers have to deal with it, Rajan said.
“When they face local monopolies, then essentially we don’t have the presence of a competition commission right at the grassroots. And therefore, sometimes laws like you cannot charge more than a certain amount may be necessary to protect the poor,” he said.
Rajan said an interest rate cap on loans given by MFIs may force some people to go to money lenders who are outside the formal system and can charge an arm and a leg, but at the same time it ensures protection of consumers.
He said: “So, we should have a reasonable ceiling…not too low but not so high that it is irrelevant. When we have more competition we can remove this ceiling.
“For now, despite the MFIs saying that the ceiling is harmful, and I admit it does harm certain individuals who are forced into the hands of the money lender, it is something that we should continuously re-examine but we probably have to live with it at this point.”
The Reserve Bank had in April 2012 capped the interest rate on MFI loans at 26 per cent following the Malegam committee report.
RBI set up the Malegam committee after the October 2010 MFI crisis in Andhra, when the state banned MFIs from coercively collecting instalments after some borrowers allegedly committed suicides fearing recovery agents.
This led to a massive default by borrowers in the undivided state from which the then largest MFI market is yet to recover.
TAGS: Raghuram Rajan
More from economy
Stalled infrastructure projects set for a big push Sebi is considering changing rules to allow Indian banks to convert a larger portion of their loans into equity at less than...

ITC wind farms in AP caught in cross fireITC wind farms in AP caught in ‘cross fire'
V.Rishi Kumar
ITC has invested Rs 300 crore in wind farms in Anantapur in Andhra Pradesh for captive usage at factories.
Hyderabad, Nov. 14:  
Wind energy farms set up by ITC Limited are caught in the ‘cross fire’ between Andhra Pradesh and Telangana over wheeling issue.
The diversified corporate house, which has set up a series of wind farms to meet its internal requirements, is forced to pump the power generated into the grid for the past few months as there is lack of mechanism to wheel the power to its manufacturing units.
As a result, it has supplied renewable energy worth Rs 12 crore free into the Andhra Pradesh Grid as it could not use it due to lack of wheeling arrangement.
Sanjay Singh, Divisional Chief Executive of ITC’s Paperboards and Specialty Papers Division, said, “It is extremely critical to permit banking of wind and solar energy in Andhra Pradesh and to protect projects that were under construction at the time of the bifurcation of the two states.”
“Exemption of transmission and wheeling charges for wind generators would contribute to the increased use of renewable energy which is critical to combat the environmental challenges of global warming and climate change,” he felt.
ITC has invested Rs 300 crore in a wind farms in Anantapur in Andhra Pradesh for captive usage at factories in Chirala, Anaparthi (now in Andhra) and Bhadrachalam (now in Telangana).
Due to the complexities post the bifurcation of Andhra Pradesh, and the lack of wheeling agreements that encourage wind energy, ITC has not been able to utilise the wind power generated for its units in Telangana and Andhra Pradesh for the last few months.
Having adopted a low-carbon growth path, ITC has invested in the expansion of its renewable energy portfolio with nearly 40 per cent its total energy consumption is met from renewable sources. The company expects this to touch 50 per cent over the next 4-5 years.
While the power generated from wind farms in the last few months has been pumped into the AP Grid, the company continues to suffer.
Several ITC factories, five luxury hotels and the ITC Infotech Park in Bengaluru are powered by renewable energy. ITC has a total installed capacity of over 130 MW in wind energy with an investment of nearly Rs 800 crore.
According to Singh, a uniform renewable energy policy in various states with a single window solution for all approvals would go a long way in incentivising corporates to invest on a large scale in the use of renewable energy sector.
(This article was published on November 14, 2014)
Related

G20 leaders vow to fight corruption | $2 trillion boost to growthG20 leaders vow to fight corruption
PTI Nov 16, 2014, 06.58PM IST
Tags:
Brisbane
("We endorse the 2015-16…)
BRISBANE: G20 leaders, including Prime Minister Narendra Modi , today vowed to implement an anti-corruption action plan as part of a drive against the use of shell companies and trusts to engage in tax evasion and money laundering.
"We endorse the 2015-16 G20 Anti-Corruption plan that will support growth and resilience," the leaders said in a communique released at the end of the two-day summit.
A set of principles for governments to follow that aims to make it easier to find out who is the beneficial owner of entities which are stated to facilitate hundreds of billions of dollars in illicit financial flows was unveiled by the G20 and contained in annexures to the communique.
"Our actions are building cooperation and networks, including to enhance mutual legal assistance, recovery of the proceeds of corruption and denial of safe haven to corrupt officials," the communique said.
"We commit to improve the transparency of the public and private sectors, and of beneficial ownership by implementing the G20 High-Level Principles on Beneficial Ownership Transparency," it said.
The anti-corruption plan seeks to ensure investments by corporates or individuals and the details of it are shared between developing and developed countries.
G20 host and Australia's Prime Minister Tony Abbott said the initiative will be operational in the next three years.
"My understanding is, it starts now and we will build up over the next couple of years," he told reporters.
"In 2014, corruption remains a very significant threat to global growth and financial stability," said a G20 2014 -- Brisbane anti-Corruption update, adding that "there is a clear link between illicit financial flows and company structures."
The G20 countries recognised that bribery imposes a heavy price on the public and private sectors with the annual cost of bribery estimated by the World Bank to be USD one trillion.
The principles state that countries should ensure that legal persons maintain beneficial-ownership information onshore and that information is adequate, accurate and current.
"Countries could implement this, for example, through central registries of beneficial ownership of legal persons or other appropriate mechanisms," says the statement of principles.
It also calls on countries to ensure that information is shared between domestic and international agencies, including law-enforcement bodies.
FEATURED ARTICLES

No German in KVs: Merkel raises issue with PM Narendra ModiWritten by P Vaidyanathan Iyer , Naveed Iqbal | Brisbane/new Delhi | Posted: November 17, 2014 4:15 am
As a debate rages over the Human Resource Development Ministry’s decision to scrap German as a third language in Kendriya Vidyalayas, German Chancellor Angela Merkel raised the issue in her bilateral meeting with Prime Minister Narendra Modi on the sidelines of the G20 summit in Brisbane on Sunday.
According to a spokesperson of the Ministry of External Affairs, Modi assured Merkel that his government would work out how it can be best done within the confines of the Indian system. “I myself am a votary of young Indian children learning other languages,” Modi was said to have told Merkel.
The spokesperson said the Chancellor was keen that Modi decide the best way forward to resolve the issue. Asked if the Prime Minister had spoken to HRD Minister Smriti Irani on the issue following his meeting with Merkel, the spokesperson said he was aware of the situation and the circumstances following which the decision was taken.
“The decision was in accordance with judicial pronouncements on the issue of third language being one other than an Indian language,” the spokesperson said.
There are other mechanisms to learn foreign languages, the spokesperson said, adding that these can otherwise be learnt by children in schools.
The spokesperson said Modi believes that children should know as many languages as possible since it will not only help them in job opportunities elsewhere in the world, but also play a role in their overall development.
In New Delhi, Michael Steiner, Germany’s Ambassador to India, said he was confident that a solution would soon be found “respecting the laws of India”.
“I was confident before and I’m even more confident now, when the two leaders have spoken to each other and expressed their will to find a solution to this problem,” he said.
Steiner said he was in touch with the government and was pursuing the matter. He expressed the hope that a practical, workable solution would soon be found in the interest of students, India as well as Germany. He added that Sanskrit gets high respect from Germany as they are both “brother languages.”
Minister Smriti Irani, while defending the decision to do away with German as a third language in Kendriya Vidyalayas, had said it would continue to be taught as an “additional subject of hobby class”.
The decision is expected to affect over 60,000 students across 500 KVs from classes VI to VIII who will be asked to switch from German. Ministry officials said counselling and other support will be provided to the students.
The memorandum of understanding signed between KVS and Goethe Institute-Max Mueller Bhawan in 2011 was due for renewal in September. The Ministry said the MoU was also not referred to it at any stage for approval. It said certain provisions continued…

Cabinet expansion next week  talks with Sena possible: CM Devendra FadnavisMaharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis with Senior BJP legislator Haribhau Bagde after the latter was unanimously elected as Speaker in Maharashtra Assembly at Vidhan Bhavan in Mumbai on Wednesday. (Source: PTI)
Written by Shubhangi Khapre | Nagpur | Posted: November 17, 2014 12:05 am | Updated: November 17, 2014 1:12 pm
Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis on Sunday indicated that talks between the BJP and the Shiv Sena were still possible ahead of the next week’s Cabinet expansion.
Fadnavis, however, denied speculation that RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat would be mediating the talks to break the deadlock.
“Yes, the Cabinet expansion will take place next week. Talks with the Shiv Sena still possible,” the CM said.
The BJP has put onus to take a formal decision to join the government to the Sena leadership. While remaining non-committal about the Sena’s role, the BJP has decided to induct its own members in the Cabinet.
Ten new ministers would likely join the government. The state government can induct 42 ministers.
The BJP is still keeping at least 11 Cabinet berths on hold as it has indicated that if the Sena were to join the government, the party would consider it giving one-third representation. However, the BJP is not in favour of considering the post of Home Minister or Deputy Chief Minister.
Senior Shiv Sena leader Ramdas Kadam said, “ I would certainly be happy if the BJP and the Sena work together.” Minister for Education Vinod Tawde said, “The BJP has always maintained a cordial relations with the Sena.”
A source in the BJP disclosed, “After the vote trust, we have six months reprieve. The fact remains that we had not taken the support of the NCP during the confidence motion.”
The source said, “The BJP relying on the NCP’s support has affected its image… Moreso, as Fadnavis had led an aggressive poll campaign against corruption during the previous Congress-NCP government.”
At an internal meeting, the BJP strategists have a plan ready to refurbish its image. To begin with, the party would go to the masses to clarify that the BJP has not taken support from the NCP during the trust vote. The party would also reassure through its action that the government is determined to act against corruption of the former ministers.
Sensing aggression within the BJP, former deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar indicated, “We wonder how the minority government of the BJP will last full term.” A senior BJP functionary said, “A lot of things will become clear when the state government will start cracking the whip against the corruption of the previous government. Those who are questioning our credentials will change their opinions.”

White House says appalled by murder of Kassig  if confirmedPrint
By: Press Trust of India | Washington | Posted: November 16, 2014 8:22 pm | Updated: November 16, 2014 8:30 pm
US intelligence is trying to ascertain the authenticity of a video purportedly showing the murder of US citizen Peter Kassig by the dreaded IS militant group, which if true is appalling, the White House today said.
“We are aware of a video that claims to show the murder of US citizen Peter Kassig by IS. The intelligence community is working as quickly as possible to determine its authenticity,” National Security Council Spokesperson Bernadette Meehan said.
“If confirmed, we are appalled by the brutal murder of an innocent American aid worker and we express our deepest condolences to his family and friends. We will provide more information when it is available,” Meehan said.
The video emerged just minutes after President Barack Obama departed Australia for the US after attending the G20 summit.
Kassig, 26, was captured last year while helping provide medical aid to Syrians. His friends say he converted to Islam in captivity and changed his name to Abdul-Rahman.

NCP will never join BJP government in Maharashtra: Ajit Pawarstate politics
Censuring the BJP government on the confusion over the trust vote, the former Deputy Chief Minister said it was the duty of the government to come clean on the numbers.
While the Nationalist Congress Party was all for a stable government in Maharashtra, the party would never join the Bharatiya Janata Party government in the State and would think again about supporting it at the time of the next confidence motion, said NCP leader and former Deputy Chief Minister Ajit Pawar on Sunday.
Censuring the BJP government on the confusion over the November 12, 2014 trust vote, Mr. Pawar said it was the duty of the government to come clean on the numbers.
“The government has drawn unnecessary attention over the murky proceedings of the trust vote. While the voice vote was being taken, it was extremely unclear who was for or against the government,” Mr. Pawar said, speaking on the sidelines of a review meeting of NCP workers in Pimpri-Chinchwad in Pune.
The government had not submitted the requisite letter of support to the Governor showing that it had a simple majority, i.e. the backing of 145 MLAs in the 288-member Assembly. Further, deviations in the Assembly schedule cast doubts in the minds of the public over the legitimacy of the proceedings.
Despite this, Mr. Pawar refused to state clearly whether the NCP, which is offering unconditional and unsolicited support to the BJP government, would continue to do so in the future.
“There is no point in criticising the government now. One must give it some time to show its work,” he said.
Mr. Pawar dared the government to conduct a probe into corruption allegations against him, remarking that the erstwhile Congress-NCP government itself had formed a Special Investigation Team to look into the irrigation scam.
“The SIT had suggested various courses of action. The action taken report was also tabled in the Assembly. The present BJP government is free to take whatever steps it so desires,” said Mr. Pawar.

http://usat.ly/1tXsHccSHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
With Apple AAPL and Samsung SSNFL getting into the smart watch market, traditional timepiece makers  face rising competition in a slowing market. But luxury watchmaker Movado Group MVO  was particularly hard hit Friday, sinking 32% to $26.25  after saying third-quarter earnings would come in nearly 25% below Wall Street estimates and sales would fall 13% below expectations.
“The overall watch category is experiencing slower growth and retailers are focusing on driving improved productivity,” said CEO Efraim Grinberg. “Moreover, certain of our brands did not perform as well as planned, including Movado in international markets.”
Movado, which also cut fourth-quarter guidance, expects fiscal 2015 sales to increase 1% to 2% and lowered its operating profit estimates to about $70 million.
Still, not all time piece marketers are hurting. Fossil FOSL , which gets about 80% of revenue from watches, ticked 8% higher Thursday after beating third-quarter forecasts. Shares eased 1.4% to $108.32 Friday.
Follow story stocks on Twitter @gstrauss_
 

Six held for human sacrificePrint
By: Express News Service | Nagpur | Posted: November 16, 2014 8:32 pm
The Nagpur district police have arrested six persons in connection with a child sacrifice in Wardha on November 8. While the main accused, Asif Shah alias Munna Pathan, who had abducted the son of an acquaintance, killed him and ate his body parts to acquire “special powers” to recover “hidden treasures”, was nabbed on Friday, the Wardha police Sunday arrested five more persons who had allegedly encouraged Pathan to carry out the act.
Superintendent of Police Anil Paraskar told The Indian Express that Pathan, an autorickshaw driver, abducted 9-year old Rupesh Hiraman Mule, a Class IV student, from the Wadar Vasti area in Wardha on November 8 and took him to a secluded area where he choked him to death. The accused then allegedly removed his eyes and kidneys and took them to a remote Hanuman temple outside the city where he cooked the body parts and ate “before performing a puja”.
While the child remained missing, the police had been clueless for about a week, before an eyewitness told them that he had seen the boy with Pathan. During questioning, Pathan confessed to having killed the boy. “He said he did it to acquire special powers to recover hidden treasure. He said he needed the special power to prevent the ghosts from loosening their hold on the treasure so he could recover it,” Paraskar said.
According to the police, Pathan, 40, a father of three, was known to the boy’s father as he used to frequent the area where the Mule family lived. “People also knew he was a mantrik and that he was doing black magic to recover treasures,” said the SP. The Mules have one more son and a daughter.
The five persons arrested on Sunday are Uttam Pohane, Ankush Giri, Suresh Dhanore, Dilip Bhoge and Dilip Khamkar. They have been remanded in police custody till November 20. The police said the five had been in touch with Pathan for the past one month and had encouraged him to kill the boy saying human sacrifice was necessary to be able to recover a hidden treasure. “They had even taken him to a place to recover the hidden treasure,” said Paraskar.

White House says appalled by murder of Kassig  ifconfirmedPrint
By: Press Trust of India | Washington | Posted: November 16, 2014 8:22 pm | Updated: November 16, 2014 8:30 pm
US intelligence is trying to ascertain the authenticity of a video purportedly showing the murder of US citizen Peter Kassig by the dreaded IS militant group, which if true is appalling, the White House today said.
“We are aware of a video that claims to show the murder of US citizen Peter Kassig by IS. The intelligence community is working as quickly as possible to determine its authenticity,” National Security Council Spokesperson Bernadette Meehan said.
“If confirmed, we are appalled by the brutal murder of an innocent American aid worker and we express our deepest condolences to his family and friends. We will provide more information when it is available,” Meehan said.
The video emerged just minutes after President Barack Obama departed Australia for the US after attending the G20 summit.
Kassig, 26, was captured last year while helping provide medical aid to Syrians. His friends say he converted to Islam in captivity and changed his name to Abdul-Rahman.

New IS video claims beheading of US aid worker Peter KassigCrossing the line: Mamata Banerjee takes the lead in use of foul language
A new kind of intimidation tactic has emerged in the political theatre of West Bengal, and this time the chief minister herself stands as the accused. Mamata Banerjee has led her party colleagues in hitting a new low of foul language usage in political discourse.
Sulemani Keeda review by Anupama Chopra: It's lovely but narrow
Sulemani Keeda means 'a bug so big that it’s a pain in the ass'. Or at least that’s how writer-director Amit V Masurkar describes his film’s title. The set-up and characters are promising but Sulemani Keeda never becomes more than the sum of its parts because it’s too thin.

3 Florida Guys Find a Career Playing Video GamesAt least three people died Friday in the Philippines but Typhoon Hagupit appears to have spared the region’s residents...
Aaron Favila/AP Photo

G20 to set up Global Infrastructure HubUpdated: November 16, 2014 14:56 IST
G20 to set up Global Infrastructure Hub
PTI
Tweet
REUTERS
U.S. President Barack Obama (L), Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe meet at the G20 summit in Brisbane on Sunday.
TOPICS
summit
The G20 leaders on Sunday decided to set up a Global Infrastructure Hub to help reduce barriers to investment and improve information sharing for channelising funds into the sector.
Located in Sydney, the Hub will contribute to developing a knowledge-sharing platform and network between governments, the private sector, development banks and other international organisations.
“The Hub will foster collaboration among these groups to improve the functioning and financing of infrastructure markets,” said the communiqué released at the end of two day G20 meeting in Brisbane.
“With a four year mandate, the Hub will work internationally to help countries improve their general investment climates, reduce barriers to investment, grow their project pipelines and help match investors with projects,” according to Australia, which holds the G20 Presidency.
The B20, a grouping of business leaders of G20 nations, have estimated that the Hub could help unlock an additional $2 trillion in global infrastructure capacity by 2030.
Countries like the United Kingdom, China, Saudi Arabia, New Zealand, Korea, Mexico and Singapore have given their financial commitment for establishing the Hub.
“The Australian Government will be a major contributor to the Hub with other contributions coming from G20 members, non-member countries, international organisations, non-government stakeholders and the private sector,” Australia said in a statement on the G20 website.
Stressing on the need for global investment in infrastructure to boost growth and job creation, the G20 said it will work with the multilateral lending agencies and encourage national banks to provide additional lending to the sector.
India’s infrastructure sector will require an estimated $1 trillion in 12th Plan period ending 2017 and half of it is expected to come from the private sector.
Leaders of the world’s 20 developed and emerging economies today vowed to boost global GDP by over $2 trillion over next five years by investing in infrastructure and increasing trade.
The G20 nations comprise rich and developing countries, including India.

A unique blend of judicial virtuesUpdated: November 15, 2014 15:11 IST
A unique blend of judicial virtues
Anil Divan
Tweet
The Hindu
AN INSPIRATIONAL FIGURE: “Justice Krishna Iyer was a revolutionary at heart.” A file photo of the former Supreme Court judge during an interaction in Kochi. Photo: H. Vibhu
TOPICS
judge
Justice Krishna Iyer, who enters his hundredth year today, took the Supreme Court in a new direction while evolving radical principles
Justice Vaidyanathapuram Rama Iyer Krishna Iyer was born on November 15, 1915, was sworn in as a judge of the Supreme Court on July 17, 1973 and retired at the age of 65 on November 14, 1980. He now starts his journey to complete a century .
Justice Krishna Iyer’s elevation to the Supreme Court raised eyebrows and scepticism in many legal circles. I must confess that my scepticism soon turned into admiration.
Several judicial activists reached the Supreme Court of India in the mid-seventies. Justice Krishna Iyer wielded considerable influence on the thought processes of his colleagues such as Justice P.N. Bhagwati (later Chief Justice of India) and Justice Chinnappa Reddy. They were articulate, sensitive and had a strong desire to translate the vision of the constitution makers into reality.
Also Read: Krishna Iyer, a revolutionary judge: Acting Chief Justice
A new direction
By 1980, Justice Bhagwati and Justice Krishna Iyer became senior justices and took the Supreme Court in a new direction while evolving radical principles. Justice Krishna Iyer, a revolutionary at heart, principally triggered this internal revolution in the thought processes of his colleagues — a movement vigorously carried forward by Justice Bhagwati and Justice Chinnappa Reddy.
A new public interest jurisprudence was fashioned, the old ‘locus standi’ rules were jettisoned, epistolary litigation was encouraged and a strategy was evolved for giving relief to the disadvantaged and underprivileged. Procedural ‘due process’ was restored to centre stage, overruling earlier decisions. Consequently this radical transformation gave high international stature and visibility to the Supreme Court. It was an explosive enlargement of the court’s jurisdiction. It carved out a niche in the common citizens’ heart whose respect and adoration for the higher judiciary reached glorious heights.
Justice Krishna Iyer’s prolific judgments, his gentle and disarming demeanour as a judge, his unrivalled grasp of facts and law, his empathy for the disadvantaged, and his courtesy and consideration for the young lawyer appearing before him was a unique blend of judicial virtues.
Also Read: Krishna Iyer wears his compassion on his sleeve: N. Ravi
Justice Krishna Iyer’s interim order of June 24, 1975 — a day before the Proclamation of Emergency on June 25, 1975 — in the Indira Gandhi case has a historical significance. Mrs Gandhi lost her election case and was disqualified. He did not give Mrs Gandhi, the serving Prime Minister, an unconditional stay despite huge media hype. She was allowed to function as Prime Minister, attend the House, but without a right to vote following well-settled precedents.
H.M. Seervai, the great constitutional lawyer but no uncritical admirer of Justice Krishna Iyer, wrote: “As the historian turns from the High Courts to the Supreme Court his task will be harder, for the history of the Supreme Court during the Emergency is a history of two different periods: the first began a day before the Emergency and ended with Prime Minister Indira Gandhi’s Appeal in the Election Case; the second began with the Habeas Corpus Case and ended with the revocation of the Emergency by a defeated Mrs Gandhi, unwilling to put into the hands of her opponents a weapon she had forged and used against them. Of the first period, the historian will say that the Supreme Court moved towards its finest hour, a day before the Proclamation of Emergency, when, on 24 June 1975, Krishna Iyer J., following judicial precedents, rejected an application made by Mrs. Gandhi that the Allahabad High Court’s order, finding her guilty of corrupt election practices and disqualifying her for 6 years, should be totally suspended. In the best traditions of the judiciary, Krishna Iyer J. granted a conditional stay of the Order under appeal, although he had been reminded by her eminent counsel, Mr. N.A. Palkhivala, “that the nation was solidly behind (her) as Prime Minister” and that “there were momentous consequences, disastrous to the country, if anything less than the total suspension of the Order under appeal were made”.”
“He spurned the lure of pelf and power and governmental patronage and became an unrivalled champion of social justice, constitutional values and the rule of law.”
Justice Krishna Iyer earned the unintended, unforeseen and doubtful distinction of having judicially fathered the Emergency leading to preventive detention of many opposition leaders including Jayaprakash Narayan, Atal Bihari Vajpayee, L.K. Advani and Morarji Desai.
Also Read: Some reflections on the choice of a Chief Justice
He recalls in his book Off the Bench how the then Law Minister H.R. Gokhale, a good friend, expressed a desire to meet him at his residence after Mrs Gandhi’s disqualification by the Allahabad High Court judgment in connection with her appeal. He politely refused to see him and indicated that the correct way was to file the appeal in the Registry which would be taken up promptly.
After retirement
Justice Krishna Iyer’s crowning glory and finest hour were after retirement. He spurned the lure of pelf and power and governmental patronage and became an unrivalled champion of social justice, constitutional values and the rule of law. He blossomed into an iconic and inspirational figure both nationally and internationally.
Also read: The Krishna Iyer effect on the Supreme Court
The renowned Australian Judge Michael Kirby, a former President of the International Commission of Jurists, described him as “incontestably one of the great spirits of the common law of this century.”
Justice Krishna Iyer’s services to the nation, the rule of law, the judiciary and the disadvantaged and underprivileged give him a stature comparable to many who have been honoured with a Bharat Ratna. Many believe that his unique, lustrous and incomparable contributions earn him the sobriquet of Nyaya Ratna.

India  Australia share special bond: Modiinternational relations
Earlier in the day, Mr. Modi also unveiled the statue of Mahatma Gandhi in Brisbane in his first bilateral engagement.
Highlighting that India and Australia share a “special bond”, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday said relations between countries can prosper fully if states and cities are involved in international engagements.
Starting his bilateral visit to Australia on Sunday from Brisbane, Mr. Modi said that in the India-Australia partnership, Queensland had been at forefront for its contribution in powering India with its resources and research.
“We truly welcome the engagement between states and cities. That is why I am also very keen to involve states in India in our international engagements,” Mr. Modi said at a reception held here in his honour by Campbell Newman, premier of the Australian state of Queensland.
“Brisbane has emerged as centre of advanced technology. Hyderabad is known as Cyberabad. It is natural that two cities have sister-relationship. Relations between countries can prosper fully if we truly bring the engagement between states and cities,” Mr. Modi said.
Earlier in the day, Mr. Modi also unveiled the statue of Mahatma Gandhi in Brisbane in his first bilateral engagement.
“There is a special bond between India and Australia. This is a symbol of values we share, the ideals we aspire to and the world we wish to build,” he said in reference to Gandhi’s statue.
Mr. Modi lauded the partnership between India and Queensland in sectors ranging from technology and research to supplying resources to India.
“Several Queensland business delegations are visiting India this year. It has emerged as major source of resources to power India’s development. It is also a major destination for Indian investment. You have supported partnership in education and skills. Queensland research universities are collaborating closely with India,” Mr. Modi said.
“The credit for the strong partnership goes to Premier Campbell Newman and Lord Mayor. Your mission to India is very productive and brought businesses and our people closer,” he said.
The Prime Minister also said this is the time to forge partnership with India because of the “welcoming environment”.
“This is an exciting moment in Indian filled with optimism and desire for change and confidence to achieve it driven by the energy and enterprise of our youth.
“This is time to forge partnership in India. You will find a welcoming environment that makes it possible and smooth,” Mr. Modi said.
“Joint research (between India and research institutes in Queensland) will help farmers in dry areas and contribute to food security in India. Queensland fruits and vegetables are really good. There is a lot of potential to work together,” Mr. Modi said, adding that Queensland and India can learn a lot from each other in field of tourism.
Emphasising the role of Indian diaspora in strengthening the relationship between the two countries, the Prime Minister said, “They breed friendship and understanding” between the two countries.
He also congratulated Brisbane for hosting the G20 Summit.
“You did and outstanding job. I know you have often lived in the shadow of Melbourne and Sydney. This week you have shown the world what a great city and host you are,” Mr. Modi said.

