7 Reasons You Need A Personal Management Systemreddit
I've been a big fan of David Allen's Getting Things Done system for a long time.  I believe that without this system I would likely be lost.  You see, I'm a really big fan of bright shiny objects.  For me, a bright shiny object is anything that gets my attention and manages to move me away from what's important in my life.
I find that when I use a personal management system I get three or four times more accomplished than if I just wing it.  What about you, do you have a personal management system?  Does it help it make you more effective or is it just too much of a hassle to use?
Here are 7 things that I've found make a difference in my life by using a personal management system:
I don't have to think about what I'm supposed to do, it's written down.
For me this is a big deal.  If I don't write it down, I spend lots of time and energy trying to remember what I'm supposed to do and whether I've let things fall through the cracks.  When I come in the morning, I just look at what I need to do and get to work.
Question for you:  How much time do you spend every day trying to figure out what's next on your list?
Having a management system allows me a method to review what I'm supposed to do.
Every Sunday I spend 45 minutes looking over my life, making decisions about what the next steps need to be to accomplish outcomes I'm interested in.
I get to review all of the projects I have open.  I decide which ones need action over the next seven days and which ones are just going to have to wait.
Questions for you:  How many projects do you have open at one time?  Do you have a system in place for working on the ones that are really important?
A personal management system allows me to evaluate whether something is important or not.
Too often I spend time chasing my tail.  Unfortunately when I do this, it's often chasing my tail around things that are urgent or appear to be urgent but aren't very important.  I bet you've spent time doing this also.
You want to spend your time working on important, but not urgent projects.  Those are the projects that allow you to be proactive in how you live your life.
Question for you:  How much time do you work on projects that are either urgent and important or urgent and not important?  What can you do to reverse this trend?
A personal management system allows me to focus on important, but not urgent projects.
Value for me and I bet for you is created when you work on things that are important, but don't have to be done today.  When I spend my time focusing on these types of projects I'm happier and feel like I'm doing useful things.
I don't like to feel pressured to get things done.  I know that if I don't work diligently on important and not urgent activities they have a nasty habit of becoming urgent and important.
Question for you:  How many times could you have avoided an emergency if you worked diligently on projects when you first wrote them down?
I'm able to keep track of my commitments to others.
Before I started using a personal management system I would often drop the ball on commitments I made to others.  Now this rarely, if ever happens.  When I make a commitment to someone I enter it in my personal management system and it becomes part of my weekly review process.
A major part of building trust with others is doing what you said you would do when you said you would do it.  How do you feel when others break time commitments with you?  Why would your actions have a different effect with others?
It allows me to communicate when I'm behind.
I don't know about you, but occasionally I'll find I'm running behind.  A personal management system puts this fact right in front of my nose every week.  It also reminds me that if this project involves someone else I need to contact them and give them an update on what's going on.  This is not only important when working with clients but also with everyone else in my life.
Question for you:  When was the last time you contacted someone to let them know you were late before they called you?
I get to decide consciously what I'm going to drop.
Sometimes I find that I've just got too many things on my plate.  Some of those projects either have to go in the someday file or sometimes I just decide the project is not adding value to my life.  With a weekly review it becomes pretty obvious when a project falls in this category.  If I look at the project for several months and take no action, I know I need to move it out of my active list and either trash it or put it on ice.
When I move a project I'm not going to work on out of my life, I create space for something that can add value and really is important.
Your final question:  What would happen in your life if you found a way to manage projects and activities in a way that added value for you and those around you?  If you don't have a system, start now.  You'll be glad you did.
What about you, do you use a personal management system.? If so, what type and what benefits do you get?
Follow Josh Patrick on Twitter: www.twitter.com/AskJoshPatrick
More:

Can a Nonprofit Find Strategic Ways to Grow in Difficult Timesreddit
Nonprofits have always had to struggle to meet their client needs, even when economic conditions and social turmoil were much less constraining than today. How can mid-level nonprofits uncover growth opportunities in the present environment?
Plan Strategically: Any nonprofit board needs a core of directors and managers who are capable of identifying potential new strategic directions. The CEO must be highly conversant with changes in the mission field. He/s then needs a core of directors to assist in realistically reviewing his/h long-term insights for growth, as well as board insights developed from generative discussions. The CEO, supported by several board members, can then be the keystone for board discussions about implementing change. Should the CEO not have the requisite forward-looking knowledge, the only alternative is to try to replace the CEO, a difficult change even under the best of circumstances.
Capacity Investment: As expected, nonprofits invest their assets in maintaining and improving programs. It seems that client needs will always be there to operate and expand existing programs. But success in nonprofits and elsewhere also involves beginning to solve tomorrow's problem today. Example: The challenges for serving the aging cohort of baby boomers is clearly on the horizons. Those in the field or allied fields need to be concerned with finding new modalities to assist the baby boomers in an efficient, effective and humane manner. Where funding is a barrier to participate in such an effort, foundations and governmental agencies can assist with small-scale projects, if the foundation can partner with the nonprofit.
Impact & Evaluation: Midsized nonprofits should have the capacity to conduct a few small-scale studies every five years, if growth and development are cultural values for the organizations. Resources might come from within the nonprofit and/or from outside sources. Once a small-scale study provides evidence of impact; the nonprofit can find interest for more small-scale improvement, additional evaluation and possibly some outside support.
Obviously a project costing $5,000 won't be able to have an extensive evaluation component. However, if imperfect metrics are used in the process, the impact findings can be useful in seeking an interest from other sources. (These are metrics that are anecdotal, subjective, interpretive or qualitative. For more details see: http://bit.ly/OvF4ri )
Importance Of the Board & Management: Growth opportunities will be initiated in nonprofits, only if the board constantly asks for them. The board, overtly or indirectly, has to ask management about innovations that are taking place or can take place within the organization. Annual questions to management such as " What do you want to do innovatively or creatively this year?" are mandated. When it appears an innovation can be scaled a little or an innovative person has potential to be creative, the board has to support the learning culture for testing.
Follow Eugene Fram on Twitter: www.twitter.com/@eugenefram
More:
Strategic Planning Nonprofits Nonprofit Governance Nonprofit Boards
This Blogger's Books and Other Items from...

Sony Looks to Tap India s Small CitiesSebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
New Delhi: Japanese consumer electronics giant Sony is spreading its net wide to smaller cities in India to boosts its business besides studying the possibility of entering affordable mobile handset segment that uses the Android One platform.
The company's Indian arm is seeking to leverage on the strong Sony brand equity in the market to offer a range of products -- ranging from affordable mass market to premium -- in its bid to enhance its position in the country.
"Our TV business has been growing well thanks to the second and third tier cities. Many of the customers owning CRT TV have just started replacing with LED TVs. That offers a huge opportunity to grow. So, both in the segments -- mobile and TV, we see big opportunities," Sony India managing director Kenichiro Hibi told PTI.
This year Sony India had launched its 22-inch LED TV priced as low as Rs 13,900 to tap the affordable segment for the Indian market to add to its range that stretches to the ultra-high definition 85 inch TV priced at Rs 15,99,900.
"It has really helped us expand ... Thanks to the affordable prices, we could grow the business to second and third tier cities," he said, however, adding the company would also give equal focus to the premium end.
Sounding bullish on the Indian market, he said: "I see thousands of opportunities. The perception of the Sony brand is very good and it is quite well established in India. Having such a good heritage, we can really take good advantage through brand recognition and strengthen it further."
The company expects its overall distribution network to touch 24,600 this year, up from 20,000 last year.
This year the company is looking for a 20 per cent growth in revenue in India from last year's Rs 10,000 crore with the TV and mobile businesses expected to account for 40 per cent each and the rest 20 per cent from the other business such as camera, home-theatre and Playstation.
On the mobile handsets business, Hibi said considering India's growth potential, the company would look to tap affordable mass market segment and is studying the opportunities offered by a platform like Android One.
"We are always thinking how to really take the Sony advantage of technology. Yes, Android One is going big and offering products at affordable prices for the Indian market, which is big and expanding. We are also thinking how to join such a segment."
He, however, added: "At this point we don't have a product to offer. Only we are studying and discussing how we can develop these kinds of products in future."
Story first published on: September 28, 2014 17:34 (IST)

Qaeda Member s Twitter Account: Khorasan Leader DeadQaeda Member's Twitter Account: Khorasan Leader Killed By U.S. Strike In Syria
Reuters
reddit
DUBAI, Sept 28 (Reuters) - A Twitter account run by an Qaeda  member said the leader of the al Qaeda-linked Khorasan group was  killed in a U.S. air strike in Syria, SITE monitoring service  said on Sunday, following several days of uncertainty over  whether he survived the raid.
A U.S. official on Sept. 24 said the United States believed  Mohsin al-Fadhli, a senior al Qaeda operative, had been killed  in a strike a day earlier, but the Pentagon said several hours  later that it was still investigating what had happened to him.
In a message posted on Sept. 27, the jihadist offered  condolences for the death of Kuwaiti-born Fadhli, otherwise  known as Abu Asmaa al-Kuwati or Abu Asmaa al-Jazrawi, following  the Sept. 23 air strike, SITE reported.
U.S. oficials have described Khorasan as a network of  seasoned al Qaeda fighters with battlefield experience mostly in  Pakistan and Afghanistan that is now working in league with al  Qaeda's Syrian affiliate, the Nusra Front.
Khorasan is a term for an area including parts of Pakistan  and Afghanistan where al Qaeda's main council is believed to be  in hiding.
After the Sept. 23 strikes, U.S. officials said they were  was still assessing how badly Khorasan had been hit. Islamist  militants on social media have said there were unconfirmed  reports that the 33-year-old Fadhli had been killed.
SITE did not name the jihadist who reported Fadhli's death  but said he had trained under a close associate of al Qaeda  leader Ayman al-Zawahri and had fought in Khorasan before  traveling to Syria.
A 2012 State Department notice offering a $7 million reward  for information on Fadhli's whereabouts said he was an al Qaeda  financier close to al Qaeda founder Osama bin Laden and among  the few who knew in advance about the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks.     (Reporting by William Maclean; Editing by Andrew Heavens)
Also on HuffPost:

FIIs pump in over 20 000 crore in SeptemberComments
Overseas investors have poured in a whopping over Rs. 20,000 crore in the Indian capital markets since the beginning of September as influenced by the reform agenda of the new government.
Net investments by foreign investors in the equity market were Rs. 5,117 crore ($848 million) from September 1 to 26, while they infused a net amount of Rs. 15,308 crore ($2.5 billion) in the debt market during the period, taking the total to Rs. 20,425 crore ($3.4 billion), as per the latest official data.
Market analysts maintain that overseas investors (Foreign Institutional Investors, sub accounts or foreign portfolio investors) have been betting on the Indian market mainly on account of the reforms agenda of the new government at the Centre.
They anticipate that inflows would continue in the coming months on a slew of measures announced by the government, including opening up the retail sector to foreign players, deregulation of diesel prices and a gas pricing formula and speedy auctions for de-allocated coal mines among others.
Since the beginning of the year, foreign investors have made a net investment of over Rs. 2 lakh crore ($33 billion) into the country's securities market. This includes a net investment of over Rs. 83,000 crore in equities and Rs. 1.2 lakh crore into debt market.
Strong inflows in the recent months have taken the cumulative net investments of FIIs into India to $204 billion, or Rs. 9.92 lakh crore, in nearly 22 year period.
This is based on the data since November 1992 when the FIIs began investing into Indian markets and includes about $160 billion investments into equities and about $44 billion in debt markets.
From June, FIIs along with sub-accounts and qualified foreign investors have been clubbed together by market regulator Sebi to create a new investor category called Foreign Portfolio Investors.

Nalco approves dividend of 387 croreComments
The National Aluminium Company Limited (Nalco), a Navratna public sector unit under Union ministry of mines, has approved a total dividend payout of Rs. 387 crore for 2013-14. Since inception, Nalco has paid a total of Rs. 4906 crore as dividend, including Rs. 4234 crore as share of the central government.
Nalco had a net sales turnover of Rs. 6649 crore and net profit of Rs. 642 crore in 2013-14. “The company is currently embarking upon an ambitious growth plan, which involves a substantial investment in the next three to four years, not only in aluminium sector but also in energy sector,” Nalco chairman cum managing director Ansuman Das told reporters on Saturday evening after the company’s annual general meeting.
Das said Nalco was planning to file a review petition in the Supreme Court, which cancelled a coal block allotted to it. Nalco’s Utkal E coal block was among the 214 coal blocks cancelled by the apex court recently.
The coal block had been allotted to Nalco in 2004 for the coal requirement of its captive plant in Odisha’s Angul district.

No obstacles to growth in India: Amazon CEO Jeff BezosComments
Amazon.com, the world's largest online retailer, sees no hurdles to growth in India despite regulatory problems ranging from tax-based restrictions on selling in Karnataka to curbs on foreign direct investment (FDI) in e-commerce and retail, its charismatic CEO Jeff Bezos said on Sunday.
Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos at Orion Mall. (Source: Kashif Masood)
"I don't see any obstacles," Bezos told Hindustan Times in an interview in Bangalore on Sunday after landing here in a private jet to start a four-day tour of India where  a huge emerging Internet-based market and thousands of software engineers are  a big draw for the Seattle-based giant.
"This model is doing extremely well," Bezos said in a reference to Amazon helping  thousands of  merchants using his company's technology-rich website as an online marketplace. He said Amazon believed in adapting itself to each nation, not comparing markets with one another.   He said he has no plan to meet government officals in the current visit.
Full interview: 'Our job is to adapt to rules, India is no different,' says Jeff Bezos in interview
Moreover, technological and business processes perfected by Amazon's engineers in India would be exported to other parts of the world, he said.
The 50-year-old Bezos, whose personal fortune is estimated at $30 billion (R 180,000 crore), had some words of praise for Prime Minister Narendra Modi and India's successful rocket mission to Mars in a wide-ranging interview that covered everything from Amazon's role as a movie producer and his personal buyout of Washington Post to the use of unmanned drone planes for retail delivery and the future of cloud computing.
Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos at Orion Mall. (Source: Kashif Masood)
"He (Modi) has a positive international reputation. They seem him as constructive, practical," Bezos said but added that he was not comparing the leader with any other. As a person deeply interested in promoting space travel himself, the Mangalyaan mission impressed him a lot.
"India's accomplishment on Mars is just incredible. If you follow space you know how hard it is," Bezos said.
Famous for his raucous laughter and a bald pate, Bezos is bullish on India, where Amazon and its subsidiary, Junglee, face intense competition from the aggressive, homegrown Flipkart.com -- which in its own style welcomed Bezos to Bangalore with flashy banners. 
Asked about competition from this or others, Bezos said the Indian venture was dong well already. "At Amazon, we obsess over our customers, not competitors."
Amazon is open to acquisitions anywhere including India,  but the company usually did  buyouts to acquire "unique" capabilities while believing in organic growth, Bezos said. Authorities in Karnataka have stopped Amazon India from selling several products incuding electronics items by accusing the giant of directly selling to consumers while citing third-party merchants as the dealers. Amazon denies any irregularity.
The Enforcement Directorate (ED) is also investigating Amazon India to find out if the company has sold products directly to customers and violated India’s foreign direct investment (FDI) laws.
Several Indian companies such as Flipkart  has moved to a marketplace model to prevent flouting norms.
Bezos also spoke of his love for the use of drones for delivery -- in which Deutsche Post recently beat Amazon by starting the use of the unmanned aircraft for delivery of goods in a remote area of Germany.
"I am super excited about the drone. The hardest part is the regulatory part," Bezos said, adding Amazon will be fanning out to influence governments across the world to allow the use of drones in e-commerce. 

More brain than brawnPTI Mammoth glories: Mahouts return with their elephants and calves in Jalpaiguri district, West Bengal
Photo: Tarsh Thekaekara
Bharathan, the elephant, has learnt to outsmart humans. Ideas of ‘culture’ rather than Darwinian evolution help explain this confounding elephant behaviour
Bharathan is a ‘makhna’, a tuskless male elephant, and a bit of a local celebrity around Thorapally, a small village along the Mysore-Ooty highway, right at the edge of the Mudumalai Tiger Reserve in Tamil Nadu. He is enormous and intimidating, but he’s also known for his smarts, and is quickly learning to coexist with the people he comes in contact with. He comes out of the reserve every night to try and get food from near the village. He hides quietly in the bushes waiting for the jackfruit-seller to take a pee-break before raiding his stock, and tolerates a large number of tourists in close proximity — one even pulled his tail to try to get some ‘action’ out of him. When the forest department dug an ‘elephant-proof trench’ to keep him inside the reserve, he took to using the highway — scaring away the guard and carefully stepping around the check post. When the locals gathered to try and prevent him from getting across the check post, he went as far as to enlist the help of another elephant! While the friend acted as a decoy to divert attention, he quietly made his way up to the elephant chasers, trumpeted loudly to scare them off, and then quickly got across. The most incredible thread running through all the anecdotes is that Bharathan seems to have learnt that violence and direct confrontation with people does not work in the long term. He is continuously trying to outsmart them — using his brain rather than brawn — despite having infinitely more brawn than his human adversaries.
How can this rather strange behaviour be explained? This is where the science gets murky. Animal behaviour has traditionally been the forte of biology, but increasingly there are more diverse explanations than pure science can offer. ‘Human geography’ is engaging more and more with human-animal relationships and ‘animal geographies’. Anthropologists have been discussing the ways in which indigenous people across the world interact with and think about animals.
Traditional biologists view the animals they study as objects, where all their actions and behaviour can be explained by Darwinian ideas, triggered by processes like evolution, fitness, stimulus from their environment and a survival instinct. They shun the idea of ‘culture’ playing a role in behaviour, partly because ‘culture’ in itself is hard to define. EO Wilson, in his book Sociobiology (very controversially) argues that even human behaviour, including emotions like altruism, can be fully explained from the point of evolution. The majority of elephant behavioural scientists would agree that it is hard to fully explain all elephant activities through Darwinism, but are still bound by the limits of their discipline. Primatologists in particular, have been strongly pushing the idea of chimpanzees having ‘culture’ — broadly thought of as the process of social learning from peers that is passed on through generations. These ideas are thought to have initially come from Japanese scientists, but Frans de Waal’s books on chimps are now the leading works in this area of study.
Animals with agency
Geography’s interest in animals started with understanding how species were distributed across the earth’s surface, with a more recent rise in the ‘human geography’ literature examining how animals shape human culture. Over the last decade, a growing group of researchers calling themselves ‘more than human geographers’, have started viewing animals not just as objects, but as subjects, with their own experiences, feelings, beliefs etc. They believe animals have ‘agency’, where they make decisions based on thought and other cognitive processes.
Anthropologists also have some scintillating insights on what it means to ‘live with’ animals from an indigenous cultural perspective, given that these communities have been living relatively peacefully alongside animals for centuries. Hunter-gatherer communities’ ideas of animism are important in this, where animals, non-living beings (a stone, the sun, our ancestors) and natural phenomena (thunder or wind) are all thought to be ‘other than human persons’. Nurit Bird-David has written extensively about the Kattunayakans (a hunter-gatherer tribe) in the Nilgiris and their relationship with nature, with some fascinating descriptions of encounters with elephants. They clearly think of elephants as ‘non-human persons’ and see each animal as an individual, some ‘good,’ some ‘bad’. They believe that mutual respect between them and the elephants allows them to coexist. She describes some members of the community even talking to wild elephants, persuading them not to damage their houses or attack people.
Biologists are at best unaware of all this literature in the social sciences, and at worst sceptical of all of it. This despite the fact that they are at the forefront of decision-making in the field of wildlife conservation — which clearly involves both humans and wildlife. Biologists and ethologists (those who study the behaviours of animals in the wild) continue to document instances of animal intelligence, resolutely independent of the social sciences’ interpretation of it.
Elephants are one of the most intelligent species after humans, and have been the subject of numerous cognitive tests. Their brains are comparable to ours in terms of structure and complexity, with the cortex having as many neurons. They are able to use tools, learn quickly and cooperate with each other in complex tasks. They are one of the few animals that are self-aware and respond to the mirror test, where they recognise themselves in the mirror rather than think it is another animal.
They are even able to do basic arithmetic beyond what any other non-human species are capable of. They have also been observed to be altruistic, where they act in ways that benefit other animals, but not themselves.
A ‘rogue’ tusker in central India recently knocked down a house, but when it heard a baby crying it stopped its rampage, and carefully cleared the debris around the baby. A domestic elephant that was working to plant timber posts into holes that had been dug into the ground refused to put the post into one of the holes, despite its mahout’s goading. When the mahout looked, he found a dog sleeping in the hole, and the elephant clearly did not want to kill it. When elephants accidentally kill people, they invariably stand over them and try to cover them with leaves or mud, and are visibly distressed at what they have done. They are also the only other species known to have rituals around death, where the herd gathers around a deceased animal, covers it with leaves and guards it against predators.
People living alongside wild elephants brim with stories about their intelligence. A herd of nine elephants between Gudalur and Ooty comes to mind. They walked along an electric fence surrounding a house for about 50 meters till they found the one fence post where the electrified wires had mistakenly been secured to the inside of the post. They neatly knocked over the post, and carefully stepped between the wires and crossed over. They walked around the house, between flower pots, bending under a low-hanging roof, passing by large glass windows and even walked up and reversed back down a narrow stepped passage leading up to the kitchen. They then quietly went back the way they had come, over the fence and back into the hills. They did not eat anything — not the flowers, nor the young mango and dadap saplings, not even a clump of yellow bamboo — all elephant delicacies. The only evidence they left behind were the pile of dung and a knocked over broom near the kitchen. Everyone was intrigued by the strange behaviour, and the only feasible explanation was that they were exploring the new surroundings — making a mental map of the house that was now a part of their new home range.
Conserving these amazingly intelligent animals in a crowded country like India is going to be challenging. Only 22 per cent of the elephant’s range is officially under ‘protected areas’, and they come into contact with humans almost everywhere. And it’s not just about elephants. The ability of large wild animals and people to share space is arguably going to be one of the biggest conservation challenges of the future. Across much of the developed world, numerous ‘rewilding’ projects are under way to bring back a suite of locally extinct animals or other similar animals to the same ecological niche. While most of these projects are experimental and restricted within fenced off regions, some large and dangerous mammals, including wolves and bears, are making significant ‘comebacks’ with populations increasing and ranges expanding across Europe and North America, putting them in direct contact with humans. People and wildlife already live in close proximity and at very high densities across much of South and Southeast Asia. And Africa, which David Attenborough presents as ‘the world’s greatest wilderness’, is perhaps, only now beginning to see a significant human population expansion.
The only response from the conservation fraternity seems to be burgeoning literature on the ‘human-wildlife conflict’, based on the assumption that people and wild animals are inherently incompatible. The protected area approach separating humans and nature has perhaps been useful for conservation in the past. But with barely 5 per cent of India ‘protected’, we need to take a more holistic view. A more nuanced and interdisciplinary understanding of animals, and elephants in particular in an Indian context, is essential for successful conservation. While we in India have imbibed lessons from the global conservation movement, we can also give back a lot, and show how it is possible to live with nature, even with large and wild animals.
(Tarsh Thekaekara is a biodiversity conservationist and researcher working with The Shola Trust)
(This article was published on September 26, 2014)
Related

Strides Arcolab to buy Shasun Pharma in all-stock deal; to create Rs 2 500 cr entityStrides Arcolab to buy Shasun Pharma in all-stock deal; to create Rs 2,500 cr entity
PTI | Mumbai | Updated:  Sep 29 2014, 16:13  IST
Sep 29 2014, 16:13  IST
 

Modi pitches India story to top U.S. CEOsIndia-United States
On his last day in the city Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi delivered a power-pitch on the untapped potential of India’s growth opportunities to the CEOs of 11 preeminent U.S. corporations, telling them that so far as the coal industry was concerned he viewed the Supreme Court’s order cancelling allocations as an “opportunity” for the government to start anew.
Nearing the end of a four-day blitz of meetings with dignitaries and Indian-American community representatives in Manhattan Mr. Modi said to the captains of American industry, who may have concerns regarding investing in India, “India is open-minded. We want change, change that is not one-sided,” according to Ministry of External Affairs Syed Akbaruddin.
While the Prime Minister was reported to have answered some tough questions about his government’s plans to reform and attract more foreign investment he also pitched for ramping up investment in India, particularly in infrastructure, and spoke of his favourite theme of “Make in India” for partnerships with U.S. companies.
The PM first met a group of top CEOs at breakfast including Mastercard CEO Ajay Banga, Cargill’s President and CEO David W MacLennan, Caterpillar’s Douglas Oberhelman,
AES’ Andres Gluski, Merck’s Kenneth Frazier, co-founder and co-CEO of Carlyle Group David Rubenstein, Hospira’s Michael Ball and Warburg Pincus’ Charles Kaye.

Bandikui court sentences one to death  six others to life imprisonment in 1996 Dausa bus bombblastPrint
Express News Service | Jaipur | Posted: September 29, 2014 8:32 pm
Eighteen years after 14 people were killed and 37 others injured in a bomb blast in a roadways bus headed to Bikaner from Agra, a court in Dausa Monday sentenced one to death and six others to life imprisonment. The accused associated with the Jammu and Kashmir Liberation Front were found guilty of murder, conspiracy, damage to public property and violation of the Explosives Act.
Aadditional district and sessions judge Urmila Verma delivered the judgement on Monday amidst heavy security deployment in the court premises. Four  supporters of the accused, who came from Jammu and Kashmir, were detained by the police hours before the decision was pronounced in court.
Public prosecutor Vijay Kumar Tiwari told the court that the incident had taken place on May 22, 1996, when a bomb blast in a bus near Samleti village in Dausa on the Jaipur-Agra highway, killed 14 people and injured 37 others. The blast followed the Lajpat Nagar bomb blast.
The chargesheet stated that the accused were associated with the Jammu and Kashmir Liberation Front and some of them were also involved in the Sawai Man Singh Stadium blast.
The case was investigated by the Crime Investigation Department (Crime Branch) and filed a chargesheet against the accused.
The district and sessions court in Bandikui found six of the eight accused guilty of murder, damage to public property and violation of Explosives Act and one of them of conspiracy. Abdul Hamid, a resident of Ferozabad in Uttar Pradesh, was sentenced to death and an indemnity of Rs. 1 lakh while six others – Javed Khan (Srinagar), Abdul Ghani (Jammu), Latif Ahmed (Srinagar), Mohammad Ali Bhatt, Mirza Nisar Hussain and Rahish Baig from Agra – were sentenced to life imprisonment.

Morning links: Study finds no link between violence and violent video gamesBy Radley Balko September 29 Follow @radleybalko
“Contrary to the claims that violent video games are linked to aggressive assaults and homicides, no evidence was found to suggest that this medium was positively related to real-world violence in the United States.”
Family says Florida police shot, killed a man because he couldn’t hear their orders. More on police and the deaf here.
FBI director scolds tech companies for not providing a backdoor for government snooping. Meanwhile, the feds continue to encourage local police to lie, deny due process, and subvert the Fourth Amendment when it comes to the use of “Stingray” tech to sweep cell phone data.
Yes, it’s possible to both smoke marijuana and be a good parent .
Shaneen Allen’s prosecutor finally agrees to let her enroll in a diversion program instead of sending her to prison, although it took some nudging from the New Jersey attorney general.  I wrote about Allen’s case in July.
Alternate headline : “State leaders, policy makers urge state government to come to its senses.”
Bill Clinton is still claiming that his COPS program drove the drop in crime rates. It just isn’t true .
Radley Balko blogs about criminal justice, the drug war and civil liberties for The Washington Post. He is the author of the book "Rise of the Warrior Cop: The Militarization of America's Police Forces."

Macy s Joins Others in a Big Holiday Hiring SpreeAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Spain rolls out roadblock to Catalonia independencevoteUnhappy at Spain's refusal to give it more powers, Catalonia has long vowed to hold the referendum Nov. 9. (Source: AP photo)
Agence-France Presse | Barcelona | Posted: September 29, 2014 9:24 pm | Updated: September 29, 2014 9:41 pm
The Spanish government on Monday rolled out a legal roadblock to stop the Catalonia region voting on independence, branding the planned ballot an affront to the sovereignty of Spain.
After Catalonia’s president Artur Mas staked his leadership on the issue by calling the vote for November 9, the national government responded by filing a constitutional challenge.
Conservative Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy said he “deeply” regretted Mas’s move.
“I regret it because it is against the law, it bypasses democracy and divides Catalans, it alienates them from Europe and the rest of Spain and seriously harms their welfare,”  Rajoy said.
He said the government had sent the appeal to the country’s Constitutional Court and that Mas’s measures would be suspended as soon as that tribunal accepted the appeal, pending a final decision by its judges.
Buoyed by mass street demonstrations, Mas has pushed ahead for a vote in defiance of Rajoy’s warnings.
“You cannot use the law to prevent people indefinitely from stating their opinion,” Mas said in a television interview on Sunday in anticipation of Monday’s appeal.
“Voting on November is the best thing for everyone because it will allow us and also the Spanish government to know what the Catalan people’s opinion is.”
Rajoy insisted on Monday that the right to decide on a region’s status belonged to “all of the Spanish people” under the country’s 1978 constitution — the keystone of Spain’s democracy after the death of the dictator Francisco Franco.
“There is nothing and no one, no power nor institution, that can break this principle of sole sovereignty,” Rajoy told reporters after an extraordinary cabinet meeting.
The appeal did not put off supporters of independence, who vowed to continue preparing for the vote regardless.
“We will not stand by idle after this suspension,” said the spokesman for Mas’s government, Francesc Homs, on Catalan television.
“We are committed to voting on November 9,”  said Oriol Junqueras, leader of the left-wing Catalan nationalist party ERC, which is allied with Mas’s conservative CiU grouping in the regional parliament.
“We are aware of the great difficulties we will face in the coming days but we are ready to face those difficulties.”
Fired up by Scotland’s plans to hold its referendum earlier this month, 1.8 million people turned out in Barcelona on September 11 to demand their own vote.
Scottish voters eventually chose not to be independent from Britain.
But like Scotland, Catalonia “wants to be heard and it wants to vote,” Mas said after he signed a decree on Sunday formally calling the vote.
Rajoy described the independence ambitions of the Scottish National Party and Catalonia as a “torpedo” to European integration.
Mas has vowed to let Catalans vote on breaking away but has also promised to respect Spanish law.

Congress takes pot shots at Modi over Mohanlal GandhislipPrint
Prime Minister Narendra Modi addresses audience at the Madison Square Garden in New York. (Source: AP)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 29, 2014 8:49 pm | Updated: September 29, 2014 8:56 pm
On Monday Congress took a dig at Prime Minister Narendra Modi for accidentally calling Mahatma Gandhi “Mohanlal Karamchand Gandhi”, saying that one cannot be expected to follow the ideals of the Father of the Nation if the person mispronounces his name.
“It wld (sic) be foolish to expect one to follow Gandhiji’s ideals when that person forgets or mispronounces the Father of Nation’s name in public!” Congress spokesperson Abhishek Singhvi said in a tweet.
It wld be foolish to expect one to follow Gandhiji’s ideals when that person forgets or mispronounces the Father of Nation’s name in public!
— Abhishek Singhvi (@DrAMSinghvi) September 29, 2014
Further charging that there are many who only pay lip service to Gandhi, another Congress spokesperson, Raj Babbar, told reporters at the AICC headquarters here, “Those who talk about Gandhi, those who keep Gandhi in their heart, who love Gandhi from their heart, who follow Gandhi’s teachings, for them Gandhi is Mohandas.”
AICC General Secretary Shakeel Ahmed, too, hit out at Modi on ‘twitter.com’, saying, “People who represent the ideology of the assassin of Mahatma are trying to claim his legacy in USA, as if all Indian Americans are ignorant”.
In another tweet, Congress spokesperson Sanjay Jha said, “Now that the world knows that PM goofed up (again) on pronouncing the name of Mahatma Gandhi, can the DD anchor get the job back, please?”.
Jha’s reference was to the sacking of an anchor by state broadcaster Doordarshan for misreading the Chinese President Xi Jinping’s name as “11 Jinping”.
During his address to Indo-Americans at the Madison Square Garden in New York, Modi said, “You are pravasi bharatiyas. Like you, there was one MK Gandhi. He was also an NRI…”
Going on to elaborate the initials ‘MK’, the Prime inister said “Mohanlal” in a slip that was immediately noted on social media.
Modi had in November last year made the same gaffe while addressing a rally in Dudu when he had had called Mahatma Gandhi “Mohanlal Karamchand Gandhi” instead of Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi.

WTO in deadlock over key customs deWorld Trade Organization in deadlock over key customs deal
By AFP | 29 Sep, 2014, 10.50PM IST
0
Share More
At a meeting of the committee which seeks to make customs procedures faster and more efficient, New Delhi refused to soften its position.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
GENEVA: The World Trade Organization remained deadlocked Monday, two months after failing to seal a key deal on a global customs pact.
Officials said that the United States blocked efforts by the WTO's trade facilitation committee because of continued wrangling with India.
At a meeting of the committee -- which seeks to make customs procedures faster and more efficient -- New Delhi refused to soften its position.
A draft of the so-called Trade Facilitation Agreement was agreed at the WTO's Bali conference in December last year and was meant to be finalised at the end of July.
But sparring between members, notably over demands from India that the world body gives the green light to the developing power's stockpiling of food, have put the long-sought deal on ice.
While India and its supporters say such stockpiling is essential to ensure poor farmers and consumers survive in the cut-throat world of business, Western critics fear this food could be syphoned onto global markets, skewing trade.
The 160 economies which make up the WTO set trade rules among themselves in an attempt to ensure a level playing field and spur growth by opening markets and removing trade barriers, including subsidies, excessive taxes and regulations.
But they have failed repeatedly to conclude the Doha Round of trade liberalisation talks, which were launched in 2001 with the stated aim of underpinning development in poorer nations.
All members have to agree to proposals under WTO rules, meaning that a single country can block any changes.
New Delhi has demanded that the food issue be settled earlier than the 2017 deadline set at the Bali conference.
But Western countries have insisted that the trade facilitation deal must move in lockstep with other parts of the Doha deal on agricultural and industrial goods .

BJP fields the richest  CPI(M) the poorestregional elections
The poorest is from the CPI(M) with assets worth Rs. 15,924
Mohit Kamboj, a Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) candidate from Mumbai’s Dindoshi constituency is the richest candidate in the Maharashtra Assembly election. Mr. Kamboj has declared assets worth Rs. 353.53 crore.
As per the affidavit, Mr. Kamboj has not completed his graduation and has business interests in real estate and jewellery. “Earning money is not a crime. I know how to use it for the welfare of the people,” Mr. Kamboj told The Hindu.
The second richest candidate too belongs to the BJP and is also a well-known builder, Mangalprabhat Lodha. The sitting MLA from South Mumbai’s Malbar Hill constituency, he has declared assets worth Rs. 198.61 crore.
Down the list, Abu Asim Azmi of the Samajwadi Party has declared assets worth Rs. 156.11 crore and Vijay Sawant of the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) has property worth Rs. 148.69 crore.
The poorest candidate among the national parties belongs to the Communist Party of India (Marxist). Narayan, contesting from Mumbai’s Andheri (West) constituency has declared assets worth Rs. 15,924. “I believe that people will fund my campaign. I have nothing to lose,” he said.
Jailed gangster Arun Gawli’s daughter Geeta Gawli who is supported by the Sena, ranks second in the list of poorest candidates, with property worth Rs. 1.29 crore.
Among the senior political leaders from the Congress, Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan has declared assets worth Rs. 13.82 crore. Deputy Chief Minister Ajit Pawar is worth Rs. 38.83 crore. Another NCP leader Chhagan Bhujbal has declared property worth Rs. 21.91 crore. Devendra Fadnavis, Maharashtra unit president of the BJP, has declared assets worth Rs. 1.97 crore.
Interestingly, former cop Pradeep Sharma who is known for a number of encounters during his tenure, owns property worth Rs. 38.43 crore.

Michigan Head Coach Defends Use of Dazed QuarterbackSPECIAL LIVE COVERAGE FROM ABC NEWS
RADAR: Heavy Rain and Storms Moving Across Eastern US
EXPLORE.ORG: Underwater Sea Nettles Cam
WARNING: VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAMING COVERAGE
LIVE Coverage Calendar

FAA will review security and plans after big Chicago air travel problemsBy Mark Berman September 29 Follow @markberman
The Federal Aviation Administration will review its security in the wake of a fire last week at a facility near Chicago, the agency announced Monday morning. And even as air traffic has slowly increased at the city’s two airports — both among the busiest in the country — significant cancellations were still plaguing travelers.
On Friday, a contractor at a radar facility in Aurora, Ill., set fire to a telecommunications room and attempted suicide, according to the FAA. The center was evacuated early in the morning and a ground stop was issued for flights in the area and flights bound for Chicago, eventually leading to thousands of cancellations Friday.
In the days that have followed, this incident continued to wreak havoc on air travel in the region. More than 770 flights through Chicago were canceled  Saturday and an additional 800 flights were canceled  Sunday, according to the flight-tracking site FlightAware .
The misery continued  Monday, with more than 400 flights to O’Hare International Airport canceled by noon.
Teams in Chicago are working around the clock to install new equipment at the air traffic control site where a fire was set last week. (Reuters)
“I do understand the traveling public’s frustrations with flight delays and cancellations,” Michael P. Huerta, the FAA administrator, said in a speech Monday morning. “The air transportation system is vital to our economy and people rely on it to function 24 hours a day, seven days a week. I want to make sure that we have the most robust contingency plans possible.”
This review, which will take 30 days, will encompass the way security is managed at facilities, said Huerta, who was speaking to the annual Air Traffic Control Association conference outside of Washington, D.C. It will also cover the ways air traffic control operations can be resumed “as quickly as possible,” he said.
O’Hare is the second-busiest airport in the country, seeing more than 32 million passengers in 2012, according to the U.S. Department of Transportation. (It trails only Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International, a hub-city that had 45 million passengers that year.) Midway International Airport had more than 9.4 million travelers that year.
Trapped at O’hare overnight. Lots of time to explore! pic.twitter.com/8xI3ZZBXiC
— Connor J.E. (@KidConnor) September 27, 2014
A major problem in Chicago — or at a similarly highly-trafficked area like Atlanta or New York – can reverberate across the rest of the national system, impacting passengers who can miss connecting flights and planes that were scheduled to continue to additional destinations.
Brian Howard of Naperville, Ill., was charged with setting the fire and interfering with the operation of an air navigation facility, according to a criminal complaint filed by the FBI. Howard, who had been a contract worker there for eight years, was found inside the basement trying to kill himself, the complaint said. (This incident has raised old questions about the screening process involving employees and contractors who work for government facilities.)
The fire was set at a radar facility focusing on higher altitudes. After the fire, the FAA shifted the work done by the Illinois facility to radar centers in Cleveland, Indianapolis, Kansas City and Minneapolis. These centers worked with other facilities in Illinois, Indiana and Wisconsin to track and manage flights traveling through the altitudes normally watched by the Aurora center.
“This is one of the most challenging situations that air traffic controllers and other FAA employees have faced since 9/11,” Paul Rinaldi, president of the National Air Traffic Controllers Association, said in a statement. “The damage to this critical facility is unlike anything we have seen before.”
Due to damage from the fire, the communications network at the Aurora facility will be completely replaced in another part of the building. But the FAA said it will take until Oct. 13 for the radar facility to be at full service. Replacement equipment for the Aurora facility began arriving Sunday night and will continue arriving this week.
Even after flights resumed through Chicago, they did so at a reduced rate. On Friday, the FAA handled just 40 percent of the average traffic at O’Hare and 30 percent at Midway. By Sunday, air traffic controllers were able to manage about 60 percent of the usual traffic at O’Hare and more than 75 percent at Midway, officials said.
[UPDATE] O’Hare had seen more than 80 percent of its average Monday traffic by noon, Midway saw more than 90 percent of its average traffic, the FAA said.
 
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He runs Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.

Watch an alarming collision in one of the worlds most important waterwaysA slow-motion boat wreck. (Reuters/Amr Abdallah Dalsh)
SHARE
Jeanne Kim @jeannesjkim
September 29, 2014
A hair-raising traffic collision in the Suez Canal caused a hiccup in the international flow of goods today.
Two container ships—the German Colombo Express and the Singaporean Maersk Tanjong—collided in the northern part of the canal, the artificial waterway in Egypt which connects the Red Sea and the Mediterranean and is one of the world’s busiest trade routes. According to the Arabic news site, Al-Ahram, the Colombo Express , which was coming in from the Mediterranean Sea, hit the Maersk Tanjong.
Video footage released by the Egyptian news site Port Said Today appears to show the collision between the two ships (the video starts at 2 minutes and 25 seconds):
No casualties have been reported, according to Reuters, but three containers from the Colombo Express fell into the water, and the ship was left with 20-meter (65-foot) dent on its left side. The incident also caused a three-hour delay  in canal traffic.
Share this:

Would you check your health status as often as you check Facebook1
“All of my experience at IBM taught me how to deal with legacy infrastructure,” she said. 
This idea carries over to 4D Healthware, designed to work with a variety of devices, both existing ones and those yet to be developed.
“This is an open platform designed to be plugged into, or plugged on top of, the healthcare system,” she said. “We’re not going to be asking hospitals to revamp their entire workflow. We’re going to be able to sit on top of whatever is there, so that they can procure this patient information in the way that they want to see it.”
Kravitz said Cunningham’s corporate experience may give her a leg up in a space where she’ll be looking to connect with large stakeholders like insurance companies and health-care providers.
“She has wisdom that comes from being in business for a long time," he said. “She’s not some 24-year-old who just started a company, and you need any advantage you can get.”
4D Healthware is launching a test program out of a Sacramento, Calif.-based medical center. Doctors focusing on obesity and diabetes will encourage their patients to use the system, which will be offered at the discounted subscription rate of $9.99 per month, Cunningham said.
It will monitor activity and weight, as well as whether patients are filling their prescriptions and taking their medication, she said.
The goal, is to allow individual patients to feel more in control of decisions that affect their health, and to allow doctors see data they can use to make care decisions.
Cunningham said that while the vast amounts of data collected will be useful to doctors and researchers, a key element will be keeping individual data private by removing identifying information.
“People need to know they can be truthful with it,” she said.
Right now the revenue model is the subscription fee. The $9.99 charge in the Sacramento test run is discounted, and she said she hasn’t determined the ultimate price. 
 

Apple Joins Rush To Fix Shellshock Bug Infecting The InternetApple Joins Rush To Fix Shellshock Bug Infecting The Internet
Posted:
reddit
Apple and other tech companies are hustling to address the Shellshock bug. (Photo by Peter Macdiarmid/Getty Images)
Apple said Friday that it was fixing a security flaw in some versions of its operating system for Mac computers, joining other tech companies that are rushing to patch the so-called Shellshock bug affecting more than two-thirds of machines connected to the Internet.
In a statement to The Huffington Post, an Apple spokesperson said the "vast majority" of people using OS X are not at risk, but some people who use advanced versions may be affected by the bug and "we are working to quickly provide a software update."
Google said it has fixed its code to avoid the bug, while Amazon told customers of its cloud service how to avoid the bug, according to The Wall Street Journal .
On Wednesday, security experts said they had found a security hole in widely used software called Bash, which stands for Bourne-Again Shell. Bash is used in more than 70 percent of web servers, routers, computers and other machines connected to the Web.
The security flaw, nicknamed Shellshock, has drawn comparisons to the recent Heartbleed bug because they both involve errors buried inside computer code used by numerous websites and tech products. Hackers can exploit flaws in computer code to install malicious software and steal passwords and other sensitive information.
Heartbleed, which was found in April, allowed hackers to steal passwords, credit card data and Social Security numbers from two-thirds of websites using the flawed OpenSSL software. Its discovery drove many tech companies to recommend that their users change their passwords , although only about 40 percent of users did so.
Security experts said the Shellshock bug could be more serious because it potentially allows a hacker to steal more than passwords or other data from a web server. If hackers can exploit the Shellshock flaw to infect a web server, they can also infect an entire website with malware and take over the computers of those who visit that site, according to David Jacoby, a senior security researcher at Kaspersky Lab.
It remains unclear what websites, if any, have been infected so far, though security researchers said they are seeing attempts by criminals to take advantage of the flaw.
So what can you do to protect yourself? Not a whole lot.
While Internet users could change their passwords to protect themselves from the Heartbleed bug, there is little they can do to avoid the Shellshock bug other than to wait until companies patch the flaw.
Internet users can, however, make sure that they have antivirus software on their computers and that their computers have been updated with the latest security patches, Jacoby said. If an infected website is spreading malware, it will try to embed itself in visitors' computers through a flaw in an unpatched program.
Satnam Narang, a security response manager at Symantec, urged people not to panic.
"If a website gets breached, then consumers should be worried," he said. But that hasn’t happened yet, he said.
More:

Jayalalithaa convicted; gets 4-year jail term  fined Rs 100 crJayalalithaa convicted; gets 4-year jail term, fined Rs 100 cr
Anil Urs
Tweet
AIADMK supporters burn an effigy of Karunanidhi at Poes Garden. -- T.E. Rajasimhan
J Jayalalitha has been held guilty in the 18-year-old disproportionate assets case by a Special Court in Bangalore (file picture).
Bangalore, Sept 27:  
Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J. Jayalalithaa has been sentenced to four years in jail and slapped a fine of Rs 100 crore in the 18-year-old disproportionate assets case.
Judge John Michael Cunha pronounced the verdict.
Jayalalithaa has been convicted under Section 13(2) and 13(1) (e) of the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988.
The conviction will lead to her immediate disqualification as an MLA and subsequent stepping down as Chief Minister.
Jayalalitha's aide Sasikala, V N Sudhakaran, and J Ilavarasi have also been convicted under the Prevention of Corruption Act.
Judge John Michael Cunha has also sentenced Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa’s aides - V K Sasikala, V N Sudhakaran, and J Ilavarasi to 4 years and fine of Rs 12 crore.
All have been convicted under Section 13(2) and 13(1) (e) of the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988.
PTI adds: The Rs 66.65-crore assets case dates back to Jayalalithaa’s first term as Chief Minister from 1991 to 1996. It was filed before a special court in Chennai in 1997 by Tamil Nadu’s Department of Vigilance and Anti Corruption (DVAC).
The case was transferred to Bangalore’s Special Court in 2003 by the Supreme Court on a petition filed by DMK leader K Anbazhagan, who had expressed doubts over the conduct of a fair trial with Jayalalithaa as Chief Minister.
Security measures
Police are closely checking vehicles with Tamil Nadu registration at the check post at Attibeli on the border.
AIADMK supporters had gathered at the border but were stopped by police, who have been deployed in strength.
Platoons of the Karnataka State Reserve Police, the city Armed Reserve and the Rapid Action Force are stationed near the court, besides hundreds of police personnel, including those in plain clothes, police said.
Prohibitory orders have been clamped in and around the Parappana Agrahara prison complex.
Jayalalithaa, who has waged many legal battles and seen several ups and downs in her political career, had to quit as the Chief Minister immediately after her swearing in 2001 following the Supreme Court declaring null and void the action of the then Governor, Fatima Beevi, appointing her as Chief Minister as she had been sentenced to two years' rigorous imprisonment in a corruption case.
O Paneerselvan, a junior Minister in her Council of Ministers, was appointed Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu. By 2002, she was cleared of all charges and sworn in again as the Chief Minister.
(This article was published on September 27, 2014)
Related

Why You Need to Brag More and 3 Ways to Do Itreddit
Think hard: When's the last time you took credit -- really took credit -- for a job well done? Without giving props to others, shying away from praise, or otherwise shifting the recognition to anyone but yourself?
A study published in the Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin found that women who work with men are far less likely to take credit for their work than those who collaborate with other women. Instead, women in mixed-gender work teams tend to give more credit than is necessary -- or even true -- to their male colleagues. This is habitual: Instead of talking about themselves in an honest way, women give away the credit, talking about the great team they had, the collaborative efforts involved, the talents of someone, anyone, else. In some instances, women will even point to the negative aspects of themselves or their achievements instead of simply saying "thank you" or otherwise owning potential praise. Sound familiar?
Why is this? It's complicated. Women are more natural sharers or group participants, used to a hard-to-shake "we" mentality over an "I" mentality. Also women, when paired with male partners, devalue their contributions because that's what work culture in many ways still seems to do. The study also suggested the rising incidence of the "Imposter Syndrome", in which high-achieving people (mostly women) don't feel they deserve the success that they have earned. And so they divert the credit onto others -- namely, the men in the group.
But boastful is what helps workers get ahead. A report from management consulting firm Accenture called "The Next Generation of Working Women" found that women are less likely to speak up than men, less likely to proactively manage their own careers, and less likely to ask for a raise. According to an NPR report, the last fact can mean anywhere from $1 million to $1.5 million in lost earnings over a woman's lifetime. Owning up to your accomplishments isn't about arrogance; it's about equality.
The answer isn't for women to work exclusively with women -- or even to start "acting like a man" at work -- but there are clear changes women can make to reprogram the habit of giving credit where credit isn't due. It's common sense: Taking accountability for yourself and your work means accepting the good along with the bad. If you own up to your mistakes, why shouldn't you own up to your victories? Here's how to start getting over the fear of healthy self-promotion:
Honor thyself. Take the time to acknowledge your accomplishments internally -- getting used to the idea on a personal level will make outwardly owning up more comfortable and more natural. Realize that taking credit for the work you've done doesn't undermine the efforts of the team, and that owning your work isn't bigheaded if it's simply true. Understand that it's not about politeness, but that you might actually be hurting yourself and your career (not to mention your bottom line) by giving too much credit to everyone else.
Ask for accountability. When companies make an effort to recognize the work of the individual, versus that of a group, it's easier for women to take proper credit without much self-promotion. Many organizations don't aim to understand who does what, and how well, so long as the work gets done. Speak up and that will begin to change. Let your boss know that while you were happy to give the entire department props for your work,you want to be sure he knew that the real credit -- at least in his eyes -- belonged to you, and that it represented your level of commitment to the job.
Have someone else brag for you. Consider teaming up with a friend or partner at work who can talk up your skills and call out your achievements for you -- and you can do the same in return. This is called co-bragging, and it works.
Follow Dr. Peggy Drexler on Twitter: www.twitter.com/drpeggydrexler
More:

Jayalalithaa to file appeal todayUpdated: September 29, 2014 12:53 IST
Jayalalithaa to file appeal today
Sruthisagar Yamunan
Tweet
The Hindu Sheela Balakrishnan, advisor and former Chief Secretary in Bangalore on Sunday. Photo: K. Bhagya Prakash
DIPR AIADMK general secretary Jayalalithaa on Monday will be moving the Karnataka High Court for bail and stay on conviction. File photo
TOPICS
justice and rights
Legal team aims to get sentence suspended, conviction stayed
AIADMK general secretary Jayalalithaa’s lawyers will file an appeal on Monday against the special court verdict sentencing her to four-year simple imprisonment in a disproportionate assets case and also seek her release on bail.
AIADMK Rajya Sabha Member A. Navaneethakrishnan told The Hindu that a bail application would be moved in the Karnataka High Court. However, since the High Court was on vacation, the application may be taken up by a vacation bench on Tuesday.
Her lawyers held a marathon meeting here on Sunday preparing the grounds of appeal against the trial court order which disqualified Ms Jayalalithaa as an MLA and cost her the position of Tamil Nadu Chief Minister. The legal team discussed options to get the sentence suspended and the conviction stayed, party sources said. According to sources, senior Supreme Court advocate Ram Jethmalani is likely to join the defence team.
Meanwhile, an advocate in the prosecution team said the State would oppose applications seeking stay on the sentence and conviction.
“When a bail application is made, the High Court will order notices to the State. If they move an application seeking stay on conviction, the State will oppose it,” he said on condition of anonymity.
Legal experts say a stay on the conviction is deemed necessary to get her disqualification suspended. While the Supreme Court has said in many cases that the appellate court has the power to suspend both the sentence and conviction, it laid down in 2001 that when a public servant has been convicted for corruption, the conviction should not be stayed during the pendency of an appeal.

SpiceJet Offers Promotional Fares from Rs 699You are here: Home Industries
SpiceJet Offers Promotional Fares from Rs 699
NDTV | Updated On: September 29, 2014 10:31 (IST)
Manufacturing Growth May Moderate in December Quarter: Industry Body
SpiceJet has again come up with the promotional offer called 'Early New Year Sale' on its domestic flights. Under this offer, the budget carrier is offering fares from Rs 699 (inclusive of fuel surcharge but all statutory taxes and fees are to be paid by the passenger as applicable on the date of travel). SpiceJet had come up with a similar offer earlier this month.
The booking for this SpiceJet offer is open till October 1, 2014 (inclusive). It is applicable on travel between January 16, 2015, and October 24, 2015.
SpiceJet has been one of the most aggressive players in offering promotional schemes, announcing more than a dozen offers this year.
Meanwhile SpiceJet's rival AirAsia India had recently launched a promotional scheme, offering fares as low as Rs 690 as part of a promotional sale. The booking period for this AsiaAsia offer will remain open till October 5, 2014. This offer is applicable on travel between January 15, 2015 and June 30, 2015. ( Check out AirAsia's offer )
Jet Airways has launched a promotional offer on the routes operated by budget carrier AirAsia India. Jet Airways is offering fares as low as Rs. 908 (all-inclusive) as part of this promotional scheme, which is applicable on economy class tickets. ( Check out Jet Airways offer )
Budget carrier IndiGo is now allowing flyers to block their seats without making any payment. Under this offer, customers can block a booking on any IndiGo flight first and confirm it later. Customers can hold the booking for up to six hours. Importantly, under this IndiGo offer, the ticket price would remain the same for six hours. If the customer makes the payment within six hours, the booking gets confirmed, Otherwise, the booking gets cancelled.
Airlines in India this year have come up with many promotional schemes to attract flyers. Low-priced air tickets and other promotional schemes offered by various Indian airlines seem to have had an effect, with the number of passengers flown by them in August growing by over 8.3 per cent compared to July this year, official data showed. The latest figures showed the number of domestic passengers carried by the airlines grew from 52.60 lakh in July to 56.97 lakh in August. (With Agency Inputs)
 

Tata Power Inks Pact With Honeywell AerospaceYou are here: Home Corporates
Tata Signs Deal With Honeywell to Build Defence Navigator in India
Reuters | Updated On: September 29, 2014 14:57 (IST)
Sebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
New Delhi: Tata Power Co Ltd's defence engineering unit, Tata Power SED, has signed an agreement with Honeywell International to produce the US company's 'TALIN' navigator in India, Honeywell said in a statement on Monday.
Honeywell will license the design and hardware to assemble, test and eventually build the production kits for the navigation system in India, in a boost for New Delhi's efforts to encourage local manufacturing of defence equipment.
The agreement, announced during Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to the United States, will mark the first time India has produced inertial land navigation technology, Honeywell said.
India, the world's largest arms importer, is keen to modernise its armed forces by promoting domestic industry.
In a bid to kick start local production and encourage foreign manufacturers to share technology, the new government has approved a plan to raise the amount of foreign direct investment (FDI) allowed in its defence industry to 49 per cent from 26 per cent.
Rahul Chaudhry, chief executive at Tata Power SED, said in the statement that the technology sharing arrangement "will offer the Indian Armed Forces a state-of-the-art inertial navigation technology, made in India and with local product support".
The Tactical Advanced Land Inertial Navigator, or "TALIN", enables precision navigation for vehicles and artillery movement, even where GPS satellite guidance is limited in far-flung and difficult terrains.
As of 2:44 p.m., shares in Tata Power were trading at Rs 83.60 apiece on the BSE, down 0.83 per cent from the previous close.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Indie Bookstores Are Making A Comebackreddit
"The Death of the Independent Bookstore?";  "Is the Bookstore Dead?"; "Why Bookstores are Doomed": those headlines are from Slate (2006), Jewish Journal (2011), and Business Insider (2013). For years, journalists have made these types of predictions about the death of independent bookstores: if the chains didn't crush them, Amazon would. If Amazon didn't, they would die anyway because people just weren't reading.
For a few years, facts on the ground seemed to support this dire prognosis. During the early years of the new millennium, bookstore after bookstore closed in some of the most reading-friendly cities in America: the Madison Avenue Bookshop in Manhattan  (2002), The Oscar Wilde Bookshop in Greenwich Village (2003), Wordsworth's in Cambridge, Mass. (2004), Cody's Books, Berkeley, Calif. (2006).  "Every month, it seems, another landmark independent bookstore closes its doors," remarked a contributor to Poets & Writers in 2009.
But around the time of that lament, a sea change occurred. Bookshops continued to close, but others began to open. In 2009, the number of independent bookstores in the nation stabilized at around 1,400, and then slowly began to grow. As of last May, the number of indie bookshops in the U.S. was 1,664 .
Why the turnaround? Part of the reason was the long, slow implosion of one of indie bookselling's biggest competitors: Borders went heavily into CDs and DVDs only to find itself competing with iTunes, and then outsourced its online bookselling to Amazon.  The company's last profitable year was 2006 . It filed for bankruptcy in 2011.
Other factors, such as the buy-local movement and an increase in reading among adult Americans , have helped as well.  But the biggest reason independent bookstores are still around is that the store closures of the previous decade alerted people to what they were in danger of losing.  Author Ann Patchett wrote that when the last two bookstores in her hometown of Nashville closed , "The Nashville Public Library organized community forums for concerned citizens to come together and discuss how we might get a bookstore again." When I first read that passage two years ago, I was struck by the public reaction. A community wouldn't respond like this to the loss of just any business.
That's because books, by their very nature, are communal. Reading itself may seem a solitary act, but when we read a book we open ourselves up to the mind of another person, to his or her ideas, to the stories this writer has to tell. And when a book is good, people want to talk about it. Therefore, bookstores themselves are social spaces .  Often when I go into a bookstore I notice people animatedly talking in a way they don't in any other type of shop. For avid readers, a bookstore is as much part of the social fabric of the community as is an old-fashioned town square or a beloved park.
For the past year I've been talking to bookstore owners around the country, and it's clear that although bookstores are businesses, a good bookstore is never just a business.
Matthew Norcross owns McLean and Eakin in Petoskey, Michigan, a summer resort town with a permanent population of 5,000 people. He cites the advantage of living in a "very literate community attuned to the need to buy locally." But it's also clear that his love of books is contagious, and that's made McLean and Eakin a very special place.
Many of the town's vacationers become year-round customers. "We do more online selling than ever before," Norcross says, adding that shopping at McLean and Eakin becomes a habit that spans not only the seasons but also generations. "I see customers I first saw as kids in our children's section bringing in their own kids."
And that love of the store has a ripple effect.. "One time a woman came in mid-September," Norcross told me, "and said, 'I had to come here because one of my students came back from summer break and now he's a reader, and I had to see this place that made this kid who hated reading into a reader.'"
Like other successful bookstores, McLean and Eakin has also become a venue for literary events. Norcross and his staff bring authors to northern Michigan to do readings, hosting local book clubs as well as internationally known events such as the roving book lovers' retreat Booktopia.
John Evans, the owner and founder of Lemuria Books in Jackson, Mississippi, echoed Norcross' sense of bookstores as  a place that matters to people. He founded Lemuria in 1975, back when "you had to hunt down books and hunt down records; you couldn't just look stuff up."  He says his store has survived the "super-storing of America" and the "Amazon-ing of America" because it's a place where people want to be.
"The customers who have stuck with me feel like they're part of the store," Evans said. "It's not really my store, it's their store. It's a business, but hopefully it's a meaningful part of their lives."
And what helps make Lemuria a place where people want to be? Not only its collection of books, also its knowledgeable staff. " I have to figure out what books I need to buy to support the good books that don't sell very often. That's the only way we can have a good bookstore, and  that's one of the ways we compete with Amazon. "You come in and explore and prospect and hopefully find something to read you didn't  know you wanted to read. That's the magic of it."
As a veteran bookseller, Evans was eminently established and experienced when the funeral bells began to toll for the independents.  But when David Sandberg and Dina Mardell bought Porter Square Books in Cambridge, Mass., in 2013, the conventional wisdom was still against the indies.
If you ask Sandberg why he and his partner decided to buy Porter Square Books when it went on the market, he'll admit it was on impulse.
"We bought it without a particular rationale. We thought [running a bookstore] would be a great thing to do, even though we had never thought about it before. We just did it."
But he doesn't regret the decision. "We love owning a bookstore," he says.
It's obvious to Sandberg that the store provides people with more than just a way to buy a book: "The previous owners and their staff created a community. And the customers appreciate the expertise of the people who work here.  They like knowing someone is going to help them, and that's hard to do in an online environment."
As for the business end?  "The store's never had a year when sales have gone down."
More:

Raising Most People s WagesI was in Seattle, Washington, recently, to congratulate union and community organizers who helped Seattle enact the first $15 per hour minimum wage in the country.
Other cities and states should follow Seattle's example.
Contrary to the dire predictions of opponents, the hike won't cost Seattle jobs. In fact, it will put more money into the hands of low-wage workers who are likely to spend almost all of it in the vicinity. That will create jobs.
Conservatives believe the economy functions better if the rich have more money and everyone else has less. But they're wrong. It's just the opposite.
The real job creators are not CEOs or corporations or wealthy investors. The job creators are members of America's vast middle class and the poor, whose purchases cause businesses to expand and invest.
America's wealthy are richer than they've ever been. Big corporations are sitting on more cash they know what to do with. Corporate profits are at record levels. CEO pay continues to soar.
But the wealthy aren't investing in new companies. Between 1980 and 2014, the rate of new business formation in the United States dropped by half, according to a Brookings study released in May.
Corporations aren't expanding production or investing in research and development. Instead, they're using their money to buy back their shares of stock.
There's no reason for them to expand or invest if customers aren't buying.
Consumer spending has grown more slowly in this recovery than in any previous one because consumers don't have enough money to buy.
All the economic gains have been going to the top.
The Commerce Department reported last Friday that the economy grew at a 4.6 percent annual rate in the second quarter of the year.
So what? The median household's income continues to drop.
Median household income is now 8 percent below what it was in 2007, adjusted for inflation. It's 11 percent below its level in 2000.
It used to be that economic expansions improved the incomes of the bottom 90 percent more than the top 10 percent.
But starting with the "Reagan" recovery of 1982 to 1990, the benefits of economic growth during expansions have gone mostly to the top 10 percent.
Since the current recovery began in 2009, all economic gains have gone to the top 10 percent. The bottom 90 percent has lost ground.
We're in the first economic upturn on record in which 90 percent of Americans have become worse off.
Why did the playing field start to tilt against the middle class in the Reagan recovery, and why has it tilted further ever since?
Don't blame globalization. Other advanced nations facing the same global competition have managed to preserve middle class wages. Germany's median wage is now higher than America's.
One factor here has been a sharp decline in union membership. In the mid 1970s, 25 percent of the private-sector workforce was unionized.
Then came the Reagan revolution. By the end of the 1980s, only 17 percent of the private workforce was unionized. Today, fewer than 7 percent of the nation's private-sector workers belong to a union.
This means most workers no longer have the bargaining power to get a share of the gains from growth.
Another structural change is the drop in the minimum wage. In 1979, it was $9.67 an hour (in 2013 dollars). By 1990, it had declined to $6.84. Today it's $7.25, well below where it was in 1979.
Given that workers are far more productive now - computers have even increased the output of retail and fast food workers -- the minimum wage should be even higher.
By setting a floor on wages, a higher minimum helps push up other wages. It undergirds higher median household incomes.
The only way to grow the economy in a way that benefits the bottom 90 percent is to change the structure of the economy. At the least, this requires stronger unions and a higher minimum wage.
It also requires better schools for the children of the bottom 90 percent, better access to higher education, and a more progressive tax system.
GDP growth is less and less relevant to the wellbeing of most Americans. We should be paying less attention to growth and more to median household income.
If the median household's income is is heading upward, the economy is in good shape. If it's heading downward, as it's been for this entire recovery, we're all in deep trouble.
ROBERT B. REICH's film "Inequality for All" is now available on DVD and blu-ray, and on Netflix. Watch the trailer below:
Follow Robert Reich on Twitter: www.twitter.com/RBReich
More:

Brazil and the Means of Production: A Dilemmareddit
Recent events in Brazil's run-up to the October presidential elections have been a combination of the tragic and the astounding.  A month ago, in a three-way race between incumbent Dilma Rousseff of the ruling Worker's Party (Partido dos Trabalhadores or PT), opposition party candidates Aecio Neves (Democratic Socialist Party of Brazil or PSDB) and Eduardo Campos (Brazilian Socialist Party or PSB), it appeared that Dilma and Aecio would face off in a second round of the election (a candidate must win at least 51% of the vote in the first round to be declared president; otherwise, there must be a run-off between the top two candidates).
Then last month, tragedy struck in the form of a plane crash, killing Eduardo Campos.  Shortly thereafter, Campos' vice presidential running mate, Marina Silva, was nominated to take his place at the top of the PSB ticket.  When Eduardo Campos died he was ranked a distant third by all posters.  Most people assumed that Eduardo Campos, would throw his support to Aecio Neves after the first round in October, joining forces in an attempt to unseat Dilma in the second round November run-off.
As this article goes to publication the polls currently show Marina Silva as the leading candidate to become the next president of Brazil.  Not only is Brazil faced with the unprecedented circumstance of two women facing off for president, it is also facing the prospect of electing the world's first green president.
This year's World Cup in Brazil overshadowed two important announcements during the tournament.  The first was made by Petrobras, Brazil's state owned oil company, which celebrated a production milestone of having exceeded 500,000 barrels of oil per day, from its pre-salt areas in the Santos and Campos Basins some 300 kilometers off the coast of Rio de Janeiro.  These pre-salt areas (over 4000 meters below the ocean floor) represent the deepest offshore oil drilling in the history of global oil exploration and extraction.
The second announcement during the World Cup came from Germany, where the country set a new record with solar power providing more than 50% of its spot electricity demand.
These contrasting energy scenarios, one celebrating fossil fuels (with their unstated but attendant risks and pollution potential) and the other clean renewable solar energy, represent more than economically driven approaches to a given country's energy needs.
The real contrast between Germany and Brazil has to do with interpretations of global energy trends, and political thinking focused on the betterment of society over the long-term, versus Brazilian party politics.  Controlling future oil royalties via politically controlled Petrobras is the ruling party's priority -- even if ultimately that could come at a cost to Brazil itself.
This is especially egregious when we compare Germany's solar potential with Brazil's. The simple fact of the matter is this -- just because Brazil has found huge oil deposits offshore (some estimate pre-salt reserves on a par with Saudi Arabia), does not mean that it is in Brazil's best interest to exploit those reserves.
Increasingly, and worldwide, preservation of the environment is being viewed as a central part of the quality of life equation, particularly for urban living.  This means gearing up to transition to a more sustainable energy future.
Rethinking the future of energy is important for several reasons:
• Fossil fuel costs are continually rising as global demand requires exploration of ever more difficult locations and feedstocks (e.g., heavy oil, shale oil, tar sands and ultra-deep offshore drilling like the pre-salt area)
• Most oil reserves are now controlled by government owned companies, which means that the global regulation and distribution of energy can be used as a political tool (Putin's Russia is a classic example)
• The centralization of control contributes to price volatility and frustratingly imprecise long-term planning
• New energy technologies are being discovered and adopted at an accelerated pace, making the price of oil over the long-term unpredictable
• Climate change is a real concern not to be passed on to future generations
Some countries like Germany have stepped ahead of the curve and made big bets on renewable energy.  The decision to go green required foresight, and led Germany to create strong incentives for wind and solar technology development and implementation, well before it was economically feasible. This has enabled both technologies to mature and enter the mainstream.
Today, Germany's solar and wind industry has the highest penetration in the world.  The price of energy is trending downward, while other countries with high fossil fuel generation and reliance are seeing price growth.
In contrast, Brazil was well ahead of this clean energy curve in the past and used to be a world leader in sustainable energy with hydropower from the 1960s through the 1980s, and ethanol's development in the 1980s into 1990s and early 2000s. Today, however, Brazil is backtracking and heading towards a model that the rest of the world is desperately trying to get away from; a model focused on increasing thermal (carbon-driven) electricity generation and oil exploration.
With its pre-salt exploration, Brazil is making a massive bet on the future of oil while some of the large suppliers of the Middle East, such as UAE, Kuwait and Saudi Arabia, are already preparing for a future without oil.  At the same time, given all the difficulties already alluded to, many large oil consumers (such as U.S. and China) are focused on reducing consumption (efficiency) and moving to renewable alternatives (electric vehicles)..
Brazil's government is betting all of their energy chips on global long-term strong oil demand.  We do not believe that that is a good bet.
At first glance the pre-salt discovery appears to be a positive development for the country.  In taking a step back, the real potential risks of going full steam in this direction give pause.
Here are some key pre-salt figures:
• R&D costs already incurred by Petrobras of US$100B
• Petrobras has the highest debt ratio of any major oil company and has lost half of its market value since the pre-salt discovery
• Additional estimated capital costs of US$ 250B to access the oil over the next 5 years (more than the entire national education or health budgets for the same period)
• Current production of 2 million barrels/day and plans for 3.5 million by 2020
Given current long-term oil price estimates of US$85/barrel that would result in an incremental free cash flow of approximately US$ 25 billion -- creating a payback of about 8 years. If prices fall short of this prediction, the payback could increase significantly (US$70/Barrel would mean 15+ years). In other words, Brazil would not breakeven on this massive bet until 2030 or 2035 at the earliest.
In the past, Brazilian hydropower capacity was a huge success and the country's clean energy matrix was a shining example globally.
However, in the last 10 years, the installed capacity of hydro has dropped from over 80% of the matrix to about 65%, - with fossil fuel driven thermal generation making up the difference.
Electricity prices in Brazil have risen dramatically in the last decade partly due to thermal generation's increasing market share, along with infrastructure issues and taxes. Brazilian energy prices used to be some of the lowest in the world and now are some of the highest.
Given the recent drought and even higher thermal use than expected, the price of electricity is expected to rise at least 15-20% by our estimate. The current government has been artificially keeping prices contained ahead of the election. Utilities are currently being subsidized with government-backed loans with high interest that will also need to be paid by the consumers when prices come due next year.
The International Energy Agency (IEA) forecasts that Brazil will need to invest US$300B in generation and US$250B in transmission to meet expected demand (doubling current capacity by adding roughly 120 GW of capacity). This translates into a capital cost of approximately US$4.5/Watt (excluding any operational costs).
Accounting for different efficiency ratios and decreasing solar capital costs, Brazil could accomplish nearly the same result at the same capital cost with solar (giving solar a clear advantage since it has no operational costs).
Additionally, because Brazil has a large hydro reservoir capacity, with proper planning that natural storage can accommodate solar generation variability, making the deployment of solar easier and cheaper than in most other countries.
Ironically, Germany's best geographic regions for solar, are on par or below half the capacity of Brazil's average areas for solar.
Given Brazil's natural advantages, solar should be a large and growing market:
• High solar insolation across the country (higher than most other countries)
• High electricity costs (the higher the cost, the more attractive solar becomes)
• Large flexible hydropower base that can accommodate solar variability
• The ability to decrease transmission and distribution costs with solar distributed generation (installed solar capacity at point of consumption)
• Solar is the fastest growing source of energy globally with a better than 40% compound annual growth rate, and it is the only source of renewable energy with a thirty plus year record of 15% annual decreasing costs
Lamentably, and contrary to common sense, there is currently no solar market in Brazil.  There are two key issues preventing solar deployment.
First, solar is different from most other energy sources, in that nearly all costs are upfront, occurring on installation.  As a result, typical energy consumers prefer to finance these costs and pay over time instead.  However, interest rates in Brazil are too high and financial institutions such as banks are not structured to finance these kinds of assets.
Typically, specialized solar finance firms perform this function. But, given the overly complex tax system and limited availability of consumer finance in Brazil, this market has not yet materialized.
Second, the decentralized distributed network approach to energy, which is already a global trend, and the hallmark of solar energy and all things digital, runs aground of the current government's propensity for energy centralization and control.
The 7 - 1 thrashing of Brazil in the World Cup semi-final was not only symbolic of Germany's global leadership role in renewable energy, it was also symptomatic of a larger challenge in Brazil -- the turning away from a mental framework of being a follower, which dates back to colonial times, and a turn toward a more mature nation that recognizes its natural leadership role in a new global clean energy future.
All of this may be in the hands of a woman from the Amazon.
Robert Wilson is the founder of Gaia Labs, a venture capital firm.  Enrique Glotzer is CEO and co-founder of EnergyCO, a start-up promoting solar project finance.  Both are based in Rio de Janeiro.
More:

The Rogues Taking on the Old Banking Elitereddit
On September 17, 2011 a group of protestors gathered in Zuccotti Park in New York to protest the growing influence of corporations and the financial services sector. The Occupy Wall Street movement still evades our language today with cries of "we are the 99%" having been damped, but not extinguished. However, it could appear that after the dust had settled nothing much had changed, especially with Wall Street having just recorded its second highest quarter of profit for the banking sector in the last 23 years .
This week in Boston, MA there is an annual gathering of the Financial Services Elite, some 7,000 in total attending what is arguable the world's largest financial services conference called SIBOS. This year Bill Gates is the closing Keynote speaker talking about how mobile is changing the rules of Financial Inclusion for some of the poorest nations. The list of other speakers and attendees looks like a who's who of banking with the typical job titles of attendees consisting of terms like "CEO", "Head of Retail Banking - Americas", "Senior Vice President", "Global Head - Transaction Services", etc. However, within this conference is an entirely other sub-conference going on, and it's something that the Occupy movement might have even endorsed.
(Image Credit: Swift)
An experiment called Innotribe launched in 2009 by the then CEO of SWIFT Lazaros Campos started humbly with just a couple of hundred attendees, but has grown into the single largest sub-group of the SIBOS event with 2,000-2,500 attendees expected this year. Included in this group are representatives from close to 300 startups, Bitcoin Foundation board members and enthusiasts, Venture Capitalists, FinTech bloggers, Social Media mavens, and Technologists. The agenda for this sub-conference includes topics like "The Rise of Crypto-Currencies", "End of Hierarchies", "Bank of Facebook", "Innovation Ecosystem", and "The Network Always Wins".
Peter Vander Auwera, the Architect of Innotribe said that this year the group at Innotribe is trying to have more influence on the mainstream banking set at the rest of the conference.
"We're trying to build bridges between startups, VCs, technologists and Bankers this year. The innovation horsepower present at Innotribe and our ability to positively disrupt or influence financial services is something that the more traditional players need to start taking seriously, but perhaps even more importantly -- need to start taking advantage of," said Vander Auwera.
Leading the "Future of Money" kick off session is Uday Goyal, a Founder and Managing Partner of one of the world's biggest dedicated Financial Technology Venture Capital firms Anthemis Group. Anthemis itself has around a dozen portfolio companies/startups represented at Innotribe this year. Goyal commented
"When you are talking about disruptive Banking startups, it's not like when you're building a Facebook, Uber or Instagram. As Bitcoin businesses have found out in the last couple of years you need to interface with the old regulated system and infrastructure, and you can't be completely independent. What I like about Innotribe is that we have a network of thousands of highly motivated consumer advocates and technologists trying their best to rebuild banking from the inside out."
If you're interested in seeing some of the innovations taking place Innotribe will be live streaming the event from SIBOS Boston here .
Alternatively watch for the hashtag #innotribe on Twitter
Follow Brett King on Twitter: www.twitter.com/brettking
More:

A Respectful Way to Discipline EmployeesLet me get something off my chest. I think the progressive discipline system in place at the majority of companies is, as an enlightened HR executive friend of mine says, "soul-murdering."
Humor me for a second while I break this down.
The dictionary defines discipline as a "punishment inflicted by way of correction and training."  Punishment. Inflicted. Let that sink in.
If you spend just five minutes searching the Internet for the term "progressive discipline," you find the craziest things that even good companies have accepted as standard and added to their employee handbooks, such as "Progressive discipline is the process of using increasingly severe steps or measures when an employee fails to correct a problem." So let me get this straight -- progressive discipline expects employee performance to improve by treating the employee progressively worse. Truly, this is the definition of insanity.
Traditional discipline minimizes communication and employs threatening language at every stage. For those of you not in HR, progressive discipline is often a four-step process (verbal warning, written warning, final written warning or suspension, and termination), and HR professionals are trained to end each step with the not-so-hopeful refrain: "Failure to correct the problem may result in further disciplinary action, up to and including possible termination." Really encouraging, huh?
The problem is that punishment is not instructive. It cannot teach a new behavior or solve a problem. You may be able to stop a person from doing something or even coerce him to act in a more desirable way, but the desired behavior will never be permanently learned unless the person recognizes the impact of the problem and takes ownership to solve it.
So why do so many companies use this system? The simple answer is that they think they need to have it to avoid legal claims. The truth is that an employee who wants to take unfair advantage of the company will do it whether there are policies in place or not. These "bad apples" will cost you, no matter what you do.
The good news is that there's a better way -- a respectful way -- that creates a positive employee response and prompts a commitment to changed behavior. And it's legally defensible.
This approach requires alignment with two key philosophies:
Remember that 95 percent of employees are responsible adults. If a problem develops and is brought to their attention, they will want to solve it.
By using adult communication, showing confidence and trust, and involving the employee in finding a solution, you will get the desired results.
The approach is simple.
First, use adult communication to describe the specific problem, then state the impact. Stating the impact is important because when people become aware of the impact and see how it affects others, they want to fix it. However, it's still important to get to the root of the problem.
In manufacturing, leaders are trained to ask "The Five Whys." By repeatedly asking the question, you can peel away the layers of symptoms and uncover the root cause of a problem. Once you know the cause, it's much easier to facilitate "the employee's" solution.
This chart shows the differences between traditional discipline and this employee-focused, counseling approach:
With progressive discipline, the manager and the employee become stuck in a series of escalating steps, ending in threats and documentation. When you use performance counseling, you treat people with respect and the positive assumption that -- as responsible adults -- they will resolve the problem.
As leaders in our organizations, can't we take the first step toward creating the kind of workplace that values people, not one that punishes them?
___________
Sue Bingham is the founder and principal of HPWP Consulting . She works closely with company leaders to analyze their organizations and facilitate the implementation of commonsense systems that have a positive impact on their organizations' bottom line. She has a passion for helping companies embrace and transition to high-performance work environments. Want to learn more about this counseling approach? Check out our webinar series on this topic.
Follow Great Work Cultures on Twitter: www.twitter.com/GWCLeadLink
More:
Click here to view Conversations
Conversations

Congress takes pot shots at Modi over Mohanlal Gandhi slipPrint
Prime Minister Narendra Modi addresses audience at the Madison Square Garden in New York. (Source: AP)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 29, 2014 8:49 pm | Updated: September 29, 2014 8:56 pm
On Monday Congress took a dig at Prime Minister Narendra Modi for accidentally calling Mahatma Gandhi “Mohanlal Karamchand Gandhi”, saying that one cannot be expected to follow the ideals of the Father of the Nation if the person mispronounces his name.
“It wld (sic) be foolish to expect one to follow Gandhiji’s ideals when that person forgets or mispronounces the Father of Nation’s name in public!” Congress spokesperson Abhishek Singhvi said in a tweet.
It wld be foolish to expect one to follow Gandhiji’s ideals when that person forgets or mispronounces the Father of Nation’s name in public!
— Abhishek Singhvi (@DrAMSinghvi) September 29, 2014
Further charging that there are many who only pay lip service to Gandhi, another Congress spokesperson, Raj Babbar, told reporters at the AICC headquarters here, “Those who talk about Gandhi, those who keep Gandhi in their heart, who love Gandhi from their heart, who follow Gandhi’s teachings, for them Gandhi is Mohandas.”
AICC General Secretary Shakeel Ahmed, too, hit out at Modi on ‘twitter.com’, saying, “People who represent the ideology of the assassin of Mahatma are trying to claim his legacy in USA, as if all Indian Americans are ignorant”.
In another tweet, Congress spokesperson Sanjay Jha said, “Now that the world knows that PM goofed up (again) on pronouncing the name of Mahatma Gandhi, can the DD anchor get the job back, please?”.
Jha’s reference was to the sacking of an anchor by state broadcaster Doordarshan for misreading the Chinese President Xi Jinping’s name as “11 Jinping”.
During his address to Indo-Americans at the Madison Square Garden in New York, Modi said, “You are pravasi bharatiyas. Like you, there was one MK Gandhi. He was also an NRI…”
Going on to elaborate the initials ‘MK’, the Prime inister said “Mohanlal” in a slip that was immediately noted on social media.
Modi had in November last year made the same gaffe while addressing a rally in Dudu when he had had called Mahatma Gandhi “Mohanlal Karamchand Gandhi” instead of Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi.

Bandikui court sentences one to death  six others to life imprisonment in 1996 Dausa bus bomb blastPrint
Express News Service | Jaipur | Posted: September 29, 2014 8:32 pm
Eighteen years after 14 people were killed and 37 others injured in a bomb blast in a roadways bus headed to Bikaner from Agra, a court in Dausa Monday sentenced one to death and six others to life imprisonment. The accused associated with the Jammu and Kashmir Liberation Front were found guilty of murder, conspiracy, damage to public property and violation of the Explosives Act.
Aadditional district and sessions judge Urmila Verma delivered the judgement on Monday amidst heavy security deployment in the court premises. Four  supporters of the accused, who came from Jammu and Kashmir, were detained by the police hours before the decision was pronounced in court.
Public prosecutor Vijay Kumar Tiwari told the court that the incident had taken place on May 22, 1996, when a bomb blast in a bus near Samleti village in Dausa on the Jaipur-Agra highway, killed 14 people and injured 37 others. The blast followed the Lajpat Nagar bomb blast.
The chargesheet stated that the accused were associated with the Jammu and Kashmir Liberation Front and some of them were also involved in the Sawai Man Singh Stadium blast.
The case was investigated by the Crime Investigation Department (Crime Branch) and filed a chargesheet against the accused.
The district and sessions court in Bandikui found six of the eight accused guilty of murder, damage to public property and violation of Explosives Act and one of them of conspiracy. Abdul Hamid, a resident of Ferozabad in Uttar Pradesh, was sentenced to death and an indemnity of Rs. 1 lakh while six others – Javed Khan (Srinagar), Abdul Ghani (Jammu), Latif Ahmed (Srinagar), Mohammad Ali Bhatt, Mirza Nisar Hussain and Rahish Baig from Agra – were sentenced to life imprisonment.

American cos keen on India opportunities | Pics | CoverageBlackRock
(Bullish on opportunities…)
NEW YORK: Bullish on opportunities in India, top US corporates, including Boeing , IBM and BlackRock today expressed their keenness to strengthen engagements with the country during their meetings with Prime Minister Narendra Modi who promised a friendlier business environment.
They have expressed interest to participate in diverse initiatives including those related to smart cities.
Modi, who is on a five-day visit to the United States, today met a galaxy of top American corporate honchos, including from Boeing, IBM, PepsiCo , BlackRock and Google .
Defence major Boeing's CEO James McNerney said that the company wants to accelerate its engagement with India.
During the meeting with the Prime Minister, technology major IBM's CEO Virginia Rometty envinced interest to participate in the government's new initiatives related to smart cities and digital India.
Reflecting optimism over opportunities in the country, world's largest asset manager Blackrock's CEO Laurence Flik conveyed to Modi that it would host a global investors meet in India next year.
After meeting Modi, India-origin Indra Nooyi, who is PepsiCo's chief, said, "he answers questions brilliantly and is very focused on improving India. So, we are thrilled to be working with him".
Another India-origin CEO Ajay Banga, who is at the helm of Mastercard, said the Prime Minister was a good listener and that he believed that Modi can execute plans like the way he did in Gujarat.
Noting that he had an excellent meeting with Modi, GE chief Jeff Immelt said the India is a great country and place to invest.
Hosting a breakfast for 11 CEOs, Modi said India is open-minded and want the change, which is "not one-sided".
The Prime Minister also held meetings with six other top American corporate executives including KKR CEO Henry Kravis and Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein .
FEATURED ARTICLES

Hong Kong protests keep markets in checkHong Kong protests keep stocks in check
By Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/84f3b08a-4783-11e4-8c50-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Abetment of suicide: Bail plea of DU college employee rejected3
1
New Delhi: A Delhi court has dismissed the anticipatory bail plea of a DU college employee in an abetment of suicide case of a woman, saying it earlier gave the relief to the co-accused principal but complete facts were not brought before it.
Additional Sessions Judge Hemani Malhotra, who had earlier granted bail to GK Arora, Principal of Bhim Rao Ambedkar College, however, denied the same to Ravinder Singh.
"On my prima facie view, the inquiry report ...is flawed and is suspicious. Had this fact been brought to the notice of this court while addressing arguments on anticipatory bail of co-accused GK Arora, I would have perused the dying declaration myself and perhaps would not have granted anticipatory bail to co-accused GK Arora," the judge said.
The lower court had issued the summons after rejecting the closure report of the police, saying there was sufficient prima facie material to proceed against them.
#delhi #delhi university #delhi police #bhim rao ambedkar college
Singh had sought the anticipatory bail on the ground of parity. Earlier, the principal of the college and Singh were summoned as accused by a magisterial court in the abetment of suicide case of the woman employed with the institution.
The lower court had issued the summons after rejecting the closure report of the police, saying there was sufficient prima facie material to proceed against them.
Rejecting the anticipatory bail plea of Singh, the judge said, "It appears that police was in connivance with the accused persons to shield them." The court also noted that the investigating officer had not checked the genuineness of SDM's signature on the dying declaration and said that had it been aware of these, then it would not have given the bail to the principal either.
During the hearing on Singh's plea, the public prosecutor did not oppose the application. According to the FIR, the woman, on September 30, 2013, had burnt herself in front of Delhi Secretariat and later died at a hospital.
She, in her dying declaration, alleged that the principal and Singh tortured and forced her to commit suicide as the duo wanted to establish physical relations with her. The case was lodged under section 306 (abatement of suicide) of the IPC.
2

Clintons meet Narendra ModiPrint
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj with former US President Bill Clinton and Hillary Clinton during a meeting in New York. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | New York | Posted: September 29, 2014 9:27 pm | Updated: September 29, 2014 9:31 pm
On Monday former US President Bill Clinton and his wife Hillary Clinton called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi and discussed Indo-US relations.
The Clinton couple had a 45-minute meeting with Modi, who was accompanied by External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj.
Both the Prime Minister and Swaraj warmly welcomed the Clintons and wished them on becoming grandparents. Swaraj warmly hugged Hillary.
Chelsea, the daughter of Bill and former Secretary of State Hillary, gave birth to daughter Charlotte last week.
Known for their love for India, Bill and Hillary were expected to discuss Indo-US engagements and the priorities of the new government in this regard.
The meeting comes in the backdrop of reports that Hillary may contest the US Presidential elections in 2016.

Modi makes power-pitch to U.S. CEOsIndia-United States
On his last day in the city Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi delivered a power-pitch on the untapped potential of India’s growth opportunities to the CEOs of 11 preeminent U.S. corporations, telling them that so far as the coal industry was concerned he viewed the Supreme Court’s order cancelling allocations as an “opportunity” for the government to start anew.
Nearing the end of a four-day blitz of meetings with dignitaries and Indian-American community representatives in Manhattan Mr. Modi said to the captains of American industry, who may have concerns regarding investing in India, “India is open-minded. We want change, change that is not one-sided,” according to Ministry of External Affairs Syed Akbaruddin.
While the Prime Minister was reported to have answered some tough questions about his government’s plans to reform and attract more foreign investment he also pitched for ramping up investment in India, particularly in infrastructure, and spoke of his favourite theme of “Make in India” for partnerships with U.S. companies.
The PM first met a group of top CEOs at breakfast including Mastercard CEO Ajay Banga, Cargill’s President and CEO David W MacLennan, Caterpillar’s Douglas Oberhelman,
AES’ Andres Gluski, Merck’s Kenneth Frazier, co-founder and co-CEO of Carlyle Group David Rubenstein, Hospira’s Michael Ball and Warburg Pincus’ Charles Kaye.

Goldman Eager to Participate in India StoryCommercial Mining of Coal to be Allowed After Auction: Finance Minister
New York: Financial services giant Goldman Sachs has said it is eager to participate in India's growth story as its CEO Lloyd Blankfein met Prime Minister Narendra Modi and described him as a "charismatic leader" on Monday.
After meeting Mr Modi in New York, Mr Blanfein told PTI, "We discussed India. We are enthusiastic about the changes and the reforms in India and we are anxious to do our part in making India a better place.
"The meeting was very good. He is a very charismatic leader."
With a global turnover of nearly $35 billion, US-based Goldman Sachs has a significant presence in India. With offices in Bangalore and Mumbai among other cities, it offers investment banking, global investment research, operations and technology services here.
Mr Blankfein was the last business leader to call on PM Modi, who had a busy morning meeting top industry doyens of the US - first over a breakfast with 11 CEOs and therefore one-on-one meetings with six business leaders.
Mr Modi will depart for Washington after addressing global think tank Council on Foreign Relations (CFR) here. He is on a five-day US visit from September 26 to 30.
Story first published on: September 29, 2014 21:41 (IST)

Facebook and personalityAugust 10, 2014 5:20 pm
Facebook invades your personality, not your privacy
By Evgeny Morozov
The company has no power to make us happy or sad but it will not hesitate if it helps earnings
©Bloomberg
Mark Zuckerberg
Facebook’s quarterly earnings , released last month, have surpassed most market expectations, sending its stock price to an all-time high. They have also confirmed the company’s Teflon credentials: no public criticism ever seems to stick.
Wall Street has already forgiven Facebook’s experiment on its users, in which some had more negative posts removed from their feeds while another group had more positive ones removed. This revealed that those exposed to positive posts feel happier and write more positive posts as a result. This, in turn, results in more clicks, which result in more advertising revenue.
More
Matthew Goodwin What Ukip’s win means for 2015
Troubling ethics notwithstanding, the experiment has revealed a deeper shift in Facebook’s business model: the company can make money even when it deigns to allow its users a modicum of privacy. It no longer needs to celebrate ubiquitous sharing – only ubiquitous clicking.
At the earnings call, chief executive Mark Zuckerberg acknowledged that the company now aims to create “private spaces for people to share things and have interactions that they couldn’t have had elsewhere”. So Facebook has recently allowed users to see how they are being tracked, and even to fine tune such tracking in order to receive only those adverts they feel are relevant. The company, once a cheerleader for sharing, has even launched a nifty tool warning users against “oversharing”.
As usual with Facebook , this is not the whole story. For one, it has begun tracking users’ browsing history to identify their interests better. Its latest mobile app can identify songs and films playing nearby, nudging users to write about them. It has acquired the Moves app, which does something similar with physical activity, using sensors to recognise whether users are walking, driving or cycling.
Still, if Facebook is so quick to embrace – and profit from – the language of privacy, should privacy advocates not fear they are the latest group to be “disrupted”? Yes, they should: as Facebook’s modus operandi mutates, their vocabulary ceases to match the magnitude of the task at hand. Fortunately, the “happiness” experiment also shows us where the true dangers lie.
For example, many commentators have attacked Facebook’s experiment for making some users feel sadder; yet the company’s happiness fetish is just as troubling. Facebook’s “obligation to be happy” is the converse of the “ right to be forgotten ” that Google was accused of trampling over. Both rely on filters. But, while Google has begun to hide negative results because it has been told to do so by European authorities, Facebook hides negative results because it is good for business. Yet since unhappy people make the best dissidents in most dystopian novels, should we not also be concerned with all those happy, all too happy, users?
The happiness experiment confirms that Facebook does not hesitate to tinker with its algorithms if it suits its business or social agenda. Consider how on May 1 2012 it altered its settings to allow users to express their organ donor status , complete with a link to their state’s donor registry. A later study found this led to more than 13,000 registrations on the first day of the initiative alone. Whatever the public benefits, discoveries of this kind could clearly be useful both for companies and politicians. Alas, few nudging initiatives are as ethically unambiguous as organ donation.
The reason to fear Facebook and its ilk is not that they violate our privacy. It is that they define the parameters of the grey and mostly invisible technological infrastructure that shapes our identity. They do not yet have the power to make us happy or sad but they will readily make us happier or sadder if it helps their earnings.
The privacy debate, incapacitated by misplaced pragmatism, defines privacy as individual control over information flows. This treats users as if they exist in a world free of data-hungry insurance companies, banks, advertisers or government nudgers. Can we continue feigning such innocence?
A robust privacy debate should ask who needs our data and why, while proposing institutional arrangements for resisting the path offered by Silicon Valley. Instead of bickering over interpretations of Facebook’s privacy policy as if it were the US constitution, why not ask how our sense of who we are is shaped by algorithms, databases and apps, which extend political, commercial and state efforts to make us – as the dystopian Radiohead song has it – “fitter, happier, more productive”?
This question stands outside the privacy debate, which, in the hands of legal academics, is disconnected from broader political and economic issues. The intellectual ping pong over privacy between corporate counsels and legal academics moonlighting as radicals always avoids the most basic question: why build the “private spaces” celebrated by Mr Zuckerberg if our freedom to behave there as we wish – and not as companies or states nudge us to – is so limited?
The writer is the author of ‘To Save Everything, Click Here’
-------------------------------------------

Facebook  to like or not to like© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/8d18f47a-12bb-11e4-a6d4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China stimulus  is it or isnt it© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/1402ebb8-3e26-11e4-b175-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Top Chinese banks set for $81bn injectionPBoC to inject $81bn into China’s banking system
By Jamil Anderlini in Beijing and Josh Noble in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/105c47ee-3e11-11e4-b175-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Emilia DiMenco on supporting the growth of women-owned businessesEmilia DiMenco on supporting the growth of women-owned businesses
Emilia DiMenco on supporting the growth of women-owned businesses
President and CEO of the Women's Business Development Center, Emilia DiMenco, explains why it's important to have diversity in business.
President and CEO of the Women's Business Development Center, Emilia DiMenco, explains why it's important to have diversity in business.

Americans Have No Idea How Bad Inequality Really IsCommentary about business and finance.
Sept. 26 2014 12:49 PM
Americans Have No Idea How Bad Inequality Really Is
And if they did, they wouldn’t want European-style solutions.
By Jordan Weissmann
 
Protesters affiliated with Occupy Wall Street demonstrate at Zuccotti Park on the second anniversary of the movement on Sept. 17, 2013, in New York City.
Photo by Spencer Platt/Getty Images
If Michael Norton’s research is to be believed, Americans don’t have the faintest clue how severe economic inequality has become—and if they only knew, they’d be appalled.  
Jordan Weissmann
Jordan Weissmann is Slate's senior business and economics correspondent.
Consider the Harvard Business School professor’s new study examining public opinion about executive compensation, co-authored with the Chulalongkorn University in Bangkok’s Sorapop Kiatpongsan. In the 1960s , the typical corporate chieftain in the U.S. earned 20 times as much as the average employee. Today, depending on whose estimate you choose, he makes anywhere from 272 to 354 times as much. According to the AFL-CIO , the average CEO takes home more than $12 million, while the average worker makes about $34,000.
In their study, Norton and Kiatpongsan asked about 55,000 people around the globe, including 1,581 participants in the U.S., how much money they thought corporate CEOs made compared with unskilled factory workers. Then they asked how much more pay they thought CEOs should make. The median American guessed that executives out-earned factory workers roughly 30-to-1—exponentially lower than the highest actual estimate of 354-to-1. They believed the ideal ratio would be about 7-to-1.
Advertisement
“In sum, respondents underestimate actual pay gaps, and their ideal pay gaps are even further from reality than those underestimates,” the authors write.
Americans didn’t answer the survey much differently from participants in other countries. Australians believed that roughly 8-to-1 would be a good ratio; the French settled on about 7-to-1; and the Germans settled on around 6-to-1. In every country, the CEO pay-gap ratio was far greater than people assumed. And though they didn’t concur on precisely what would be fair, both conservatives and liberals around the world also concurred that the pay gap should be smaller. People agreed across income and education levels, as well as across age groups.
This is the second high-profile paper in which Norton has argued that Americans have a strikingly European notion of economic fairness. In 2011, he published a study with Duke University professor Dan Ariely that asked Americans how they believed wealth should be split up through society. It included two experiments. In the first, participants were shown three unlabeled pie charts meant to depict possible wealth distributions: one that was totally equal; one based on Sweden’s income distribution, which is highly egalitarian; and one based on the U.S. wealth distribution, which is wildly skewed toward the rich. (They used Swedish income data as a model, rather than wealth, to strike a “clearer contrast” with the United States.) * Then, the subjects were told to pick where they would like to live, assuming they would be randomly assigned to a spot on the economic ladder. With their imaginary fate up to chance, 92 percent of Americans opted for Sweden’s pie chart over the United States.
In the second experiment, Ariely and Norton asked participants to guess how wealth was distributed in the United States, and then to write how it would be divvied up in an ideal world (this, it seems, served as the template for Norton’s most recent study). Americans had little idea how concentrated wealth truly was. Subjects estimated that the top 20 percent of U.S. households owned about 59 percent of the country’s net worth, whereas in the real world, they owned about 84 percent of it. In their own private utopia, subjects said that the top quintile would claim just 32 percent of the wealth.
The Actual Wealth Distribution of the U.S., What Americans Think the Wealth Distribution Is, and What They’d Like It to Be
As in Norton’s more recent study, responses varied a bit by age, income, and political party, but there was overall agreement that America would be better off with a smaller wealth gap.
Estimated and Ideal Wealth Distribution by Income and Political Affiliation
“People drastically underestimate the current disparities in wealth and income in their societies,” Norton told me in an email, “and their ideals are more equal than their estimates, which are already more equal than the actual levels. Maybe most importantly, people from all walks of life—Democrats and Republicans, rich and poor, all over the world—have a large degree of consensus in their ideals: Everyone’s ideals are more equal than the way they think things are.” Theoretically, Americans aren’t exceptional in their views about distribution at all—they have a sense of fairness similar to that of Germans, French, and Australians, and most Americans would be offended if they actually knew the degree of economic inequality that exists in this country.
But let’s say all of America woke up one morning and could cite Thomas Piketty chapter and verse. Would today’s moderates suddenly demand Scandinavian tax rates and mass wealth redistribution? Would our politics become more progressive?
It’s one thing to talk about fairness in the abstract; it’s another to agree on policies that would address it. Gallup, for instance, has consistently found that a solid majority of Americans believe wealth should be distributed more evenly. But fewer support the idea of imposing heavy taxes on the rich in order to do it. The Pew Research Center reports that 45 percent of Republicans already believe the government should at least do something to reduce inequality. But good luck finding GOP voters who are begging for a more robust welfare state.
Top Comment
Those at the top overvalue their contributions and undervalue the contributions of those lower down: this is human nature.   More...
-punkTaoist
Join In
Americans broadly support ideas that don’t require them to make an obvious personal sacrifice, like raising the minimum wage; they’re less happy to make tradeoffs. Europeans have long had social democracy baked into their politics; we have a libertarian streak. Maybe that would change if more Americans knew just how dire inequality has become. But I wouldn’t bank on it.
*Correction, Oct. 2, 2014: This article originally misstated that one of the pie charts in Norton and Ariely’s 2011 study was based on Swedish wealth data. It was based on Swedish income data. ( Return. )

Apple hits back over bendgate furoreApple hits back over ‘bendgate’ furore
By Tim Bradshaw in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d107a342-44ee-11e4-9a5a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Throw Out The Orange Jumpsuit Photo. Here s The Real John Cantliereddit
A friend of John Cantlie wants the world to see the real Cantlie -- not the one held hostage and forced to wear an orange jumpsuit for the Islamic State group's propaganda videos.
To that end, the friend, identified as Andrew Campbell, has released a photo of the British journalist that was taken several years ago while the two were in India's Spiti Valley on a motorcycle trip:
It's a far cry from the other photos of Cantlie currently circulating in the Western media, which, complete with the orange jumpsuit, are haunting reminders of James Foley and Steven Sotloff, two journalists recently executed by the Islamic State group.
"People see the news, and see a tortured, malnourished, pale, skinny and unhealthy man in an orange jumpsuit," Campbell wrote in a Reddit post accompanying the photo. "I just wanted to give everyone a healthier reference. A chance to see John as he really is and hopefully relate to him a little more."
Reached for comment by The Huffington Post, Campbell declined to comment further. "I don't wish to contribute to John's story at all other than to provide this photo," he said. "His closer friends and family are much better suited to talk about him to the press, currently they are not doing so and I will follow their lead."
Campbell said he hopes the media will publish his photo of Cantlie, which he's distributed free of charge, instead of those made available via extremist propaganda.
More:

Adani  Amul among patrons for Narendra Modis Madison eventHome »   Politics
Adani, Amul among patrons for Narendra Modi’s Madison event
The organizers of the event have not disclosed the total cost of the event officially, but the estimated expenses could be over $1.5 million
Markets temper expectations on infrastructure sector
The Madison Square Garden packed with supporters of Prime Minister Narendra Modi at a reception organized in his honour by the Indian American Community Foundation, in New York. Photo: PTI
New York: For Prime Minister Narendra Modi ’s rock-star like reception by over 18,000 Indian-Americans, Gujarat-based Adani and Amul groups are among the “diamond patrons”.
As people began assembling hours in advance to hear Modi at the iconic Madison Square Garden, a huge indoor stadium generally used for music concerts and sporting events, they were greeted with huge screens sporting names of “welcoming partners” as also that of “Gold Patrons” and “Diamond Patrons”.
While the list of welcoming partners mostly included names of various Indian-American associations and organisations, that of Diamond Patrons comprised of Adani, Amul, Essar and Sun Pharma.
Other patrons were NRI TV, Bio Urja and Navika Group of Companies.
The organizers of the event have not disclosed the total cost of the event officially, but the estimated expenses could be over $1.5 million. The rent for the enue itself is estimated at about half a million dollars.
Gautam Adani , head of largely Gujarat-based business conglomerate Adani group, is considered to be very close to Modi and is among the select group of top industrialists from India who have come to the US for the Prime Minister’s five-day visit.
Adani was also in attendance during Modi’s speech at the UN General Assembly on Saturday.
Modi’s visit is considered to be very important for strengthening the economic ties between the two countries. PTI

Apple hit by Brussels tax findingApple hit by Brussels finding over illegal Irish tax deals
By Tim Bradshaw in San Francisco, Alex Barker in Brussels, Vanessa Houlder in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ae979ad0-4708-11e4-8c50-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

PHOTOS: Cops  Protesters Clash In Huge Hong Kong DemonstrationsCops, Protesters Clash In Huge Hong Kong Demonstrations
Posted:
Updated:
09/29/2014  4:59 pm EDT
Pro-democracy protesters rally on a major road in the heart of Hong Kong near the government headquarters on September 28, 2014. Police repeatedly fired tear gas after tens of thousands of pro-democracy demonstrators brought parts of central Hong Kong to a standstill on September 28, a dramatic escalation of protests that have gripped the city for days. AFP PHOTO / ALEX OGLE        (Photo credit should read Alex Ogle/AFP/Getty Images) | ALEX OGLE via Getty Images
reddit
BEIJING -- Pro-democracy protests in Hong Kong reached a boiling point on Sunday, with police employing tear gas in attempts to control crowds that have surrounded government buildings for the past three days.
Tension has been escalating in the city all summer, after Beijing released a controversial plan for Hong Kong's 2017 elections that activists say falls short of the full democracy they hope for. The plan would allow for universal suffrage in three year's time, but would restrict candidates to those approved by a committee that opposition politicians say is dominated by pro-Beijing representatives.
In response, pro-democracy groups Occupy Central and student-led Scholarism have threatened civil disobedience that could shut down the city. After a week of student boycotts and protests, the confrontation escalated on Sunday when police began using heavy-handed tactics to dispel demonstrators. Police have been using pepper spray and tear gas , but protesters continued to pour into the streets on Sunday night:
Tear gas and chaos: The images coming from Hong Kong are insane http://t.co/2b6hrcYrKx pic.twitter.com/GCQKD7t5C0
— BI MIL/DEF (@BI_Defense) September 28, 2014
Crowds become agitated as more police arrive! Shouting "police leave!" #Hong Kong #Occupy Central pic.twitter.com/1uOIaRwqkT
— Kathy Gao (@kathy_gao) September 28, 2014
LIVE: Police struggling to contain masses of angry protesters #OccupyCentral pic.twitter.com/Jlvt1qKIyi
— SCMP News (@SCMP_News) September 28, 2014
Police have been photographed carrying guns, and some protest groups called for a retreat on Sunday night on fears that the police would begin using rubber bullets.
I just stumbled onto this photo. It speaks for itself. #OccupyCentral pic.twitter.com/IBVOm55xKx
— Andrew Peng (@TheAPJournalist) September 28, 2014
Photos posted online showed subways full of police being transported toward the protests. In response, protestors barricaded the exits to some subway stations.
@OCLPHK @BBCWorld @BBCCarrie @ReutersWorld Our subway (MTR) is now occupied by thousand of police. HK is dying. pic.twitter.com/0t7aH4pX2Y

Editorial: Not by designE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Editorial: State of competitionE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Editorial: Long arm of the lawE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

A food system for the futureUpdated: September 29, 2014 01:37 IST
A food system for the future 
Paul Polman
The Hindu FIRST MOVES: Supporting smallholder farmers so that they are able to grow, sell and eat more nutritious foods is crucial. Picture shows a paddy field near Shillong, Meghalaya. File photo: Ritu Raj Konwar
TOPICS
food security
 The world cannot afford to talk about hunger without addressing climate change, food production without sustainability or growth without good nutrition
With the world’s population predicted to reach 9 billion by 2050, we collectively face a dual challenge: ensuring that everyone will have access to affordable, nutritious food without decimating the earth’s natural resources in the process. This is easier said than done. Our current food system is dysfunctional both in its impact on people and the planet. Unless we change course, we will fail to meet this challenge. Today, millions do not have enough to eat and billions lack the right nutrients to be healthy. The United Nation’s food organisations — the Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO), the World Food Programme (WFP) and the World Health Organization (WHO) — have just published their annual report on global food insecurity, which highlights that despite some evidence of progress, 805 million people, or 1 in 9 people, still suffer from hunger.
Poor diets stunt the growth of 162 million children every year, 97 per cent of them in the developing world, trapping communities in a cycle of poverty and ill-health. The consequences for those affected can be devastating. Malnourished children tend to start school later, have poorer levels of concentration and lower scores in cognitive ability tests. Many carry these burdens through into later life.
Damaging food system
According to WHO, a staggering 2 billion people are affected by iron deficiency which contributes to anaemia. More than 250 million children suffer from Vitamin A deficiency which is a major public health challenge in more than half the countries on the planet — with half a million going blind each year. Half of these children die within 12 months of going blind.
Meanwhile, 1.3 billion of us are classified as overweight or obese, fuelled by a food system that is damaging not just our bodies but the environment too. If trends towards western diets continue, the impact of food production alone will reach, if not exceed, the global targets for total greenhouse gases. Our current agricultural production system is inefficient. We continue to destroy tropical forests for agricultural expansion and this contributes 12 per cent to the total warming of the planet today. And we waste much of the food we produce. What is a crisis for many now could become a catastrophe for more in the future because of the effects of climate change. Climate change is already making people hungry, by disrupting crop yields, pushing prices up and increasing food insecurity for large numbers of the world’s population. And it is not just food but nutrients that are becoming scarcer as the climate changes.
A study led by the Harvard School of Public Health found that rising levels of CO are stripping staple foods of vital nutrients. If these climate and socio-economic trends continue, the number of undernourished children in Africa alone is expected to rise tenfold by 2050. It is against this backdrop that world leaders came together at the Climate Summit in New York to secure buy-in for a global climate deal next year. Governments meeting at the U.N. General Assembly now will review proposals for the post-2015 development goals that aim to eliminate poverty and hunger for good.
If we fail to act, we risk a downward spiral in which poverty and climate impacts reinforce each other. It is the poorest communities that will suffer the worst effects of climate change, including increased hunger and malnutrition as crop production and livelihoods are threatened. And poverty is a driver of climate change, as desperate communities resort to unsustainable use of resources to meet current needs. But there is an alternative path. In the face of climate change, our basic food systems have to be reimagined so that the world is producing nutritious food in a more sustainable way that increases livelihoods.
Targets and a vision
This means supporting the world’s smallholder farmers so that they are able to grow, sell and eat more nutritious foods; it means converting degraded lands into productive farms, and fortifying staple foods with essential nutrients like iron and zinc. It also means scaling up existing sustainable interventions that we know already work extremely well like breastfeeding for infants. All of this can play a role in reducing malnutrition. All of this will rely on ambition, innovation and leadership.
We come from very different backgrounds, but we share the belief that it’s only by bringing together business, civil society and governments that we will find solutions that can be scaled up for maximum impact. Countries, companies and NGOs can create a better future, leading by example and catalysing action in their peer groups or industries. But we need ambitious targets and a common vision. We cannot afford to talk about hunger without addressing climate change, food production without sustainability or growth without good nutrition.
As climate and development goals are debated since the conclusion of the U.N. climate summit and the months ahead, it should be with these links in mind. A healthier, more sustainable future is possible. But, the sustainability, food and health nexus must be dealt with together if we are going to fix the global food system.
(Paul Polman is Chairman of the World Business Council for Sustainable Development. Marc Van Ameringen is Executive Director of the Global Alliance for Improved Nutrition.)

Pimco: vast majority are sticking with usPimco says ‘vast majority’ of clients are sticking with it
By Tom Braithwaite in New York and Alice Ross in Frankfurt
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2405e344-46ff-11e4-8c50-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Valeant / Allergan  stand by me© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/c7ded11e-44d0-11e4-9a5a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Allergan files insider trading lawsuit against suitorsAllergan files insider trading lawsuit against suitors
By Ed Hammond and Eric Platt in New York and Andrew Ward in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bf5a4324-199d-11e4-b06c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

ECBs asset plan takes political hitPolitical reticence blunts ECB’s asset purchase plan
By Claire Jones in Frankfurt
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e0a08022-459c-11e4-ab10-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Chinas financial reforms under pressureChina slowdown threatens timetable for financial reform
By Gabriel Wildau in Shanghai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fe7e75b6-43c3-11e4-baa7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tata to build defence navigator for HoneywellTata to build defence navigator for Honeywell
Reuters | New Delhi Sep 29, 2014 09:33 PM IST
Tata Power's defence engineering unit, Tata Power SED, has signed an agreement with Honeywell International to produce the US company's "TALIN" navigator in India, Honeywell said in a statement on Monday.
Honeywell will license the design and hardware to assemble, test and eventually build the production kits for the navigation system in India, in a boost for New Delhi's efforts to encourage local manufacturing of defence equipment.
The agreement, announced during Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to the United States, will mark the first time India has produced inertial land navigation technology, Honeywell said.
The world's largest arms importer, India is keen to modernise its armed forces by promoting domestic industry.
In a bid to kick-start local production and encourage foreign manufacturers to share technology, the new government has approved a plan to raise the amount of foreign direct investment allowed in its defence industry to 49 per cent from 26 per cent.
Rahul Chaudhry, chief executive at Tata Power SED, said in the statement that the technology sharing arrangement "will offer the Indian Armed Forces a state-of-the-art inertial navigation technology, made in India and with local product support."
The Tactical Advanced Land Inertial Navigator, or "TALIN", enables precision navigation for vehicles and artillery movement, even where GPS satellite guidance is limited in far-flung and difficult terrains.

Rupee falls  focus shifts to RBI policy tomorrowRupee falls, focus shifts to RBI policy tomorrow
Reuters |  Sep 29, 2014 02:35 PM IST
The rupee is trading at 61.4375/4425, off day's low of 61.5050 but below Friday's 61.14/15 close.
 
Caution prevailed ahead of the RBI policy review on Tuesday.
 
The RBI is expected to keep repo rate on hold but tone in the statement will be key.
 
The rupee hit a 1-1/2 month low on Friday of 61.62.
 
Asian currencies retreated broadly on upward revision to US GDP growth.
 

Video: Police fire tear gas at HK protestShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Hong Kong protest #1: Police fire tear gas at crowd
Sep 28, 2014 : Police fired tear gas canisters at students and pro-democracy campaigners camped out near the Hong Kong government offices on Sunday. The FT's Demetri Sevastopulo reports from inside the protest barricades.

Economists warn of looming global crisisGeneva Report warns record debt and slow growth point to crisis
By Chris Giles, Economics Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4df99d28-4590-11e4-ab10-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China faces biggest test since Tiananmen© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/85d95cd2-478a-11e4-ba74-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

This is Chinas biggest challenge since 1989China’s biggest political challenge since Tiananmen in 1989
By Gideon Rachman
Beijing faces a choice in Hong Kong between repression and climbdown
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e1f7562a-4593-11e4-9b71-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US Consumer Spending up 0.5 Percent in AugustAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

HAL chief joins  Make in India  chorusHAL chief joins 'Make in India' chorus
BS Reporter | Bangalore Sep 29, 2014 11:36 PM IST
The ‘Make in India’ concept in the defence sector has the potential to help India meet 70 per cent of its defence needs in a few years. Today, domestic production meets only 30 per cent of its needs.
“This could be achieved by making India the hub of MRO business by investing in research and technology processes and by focusing on the development of skills in 70-plus trades relating to the aerospace industry,” said R K Tyagi, Chairman, HAL, at the Foundation Day Celebrations of the Council of Scientific and Industrial (CSIR) here today.  
Speaking on the occasion, Tyagi outlined a five-point agenda for galvanising the R&D scenario in the country. The first step towards a better R&D set up is to increase funding to the national research laboratories such as NAL significantly as they safeguard and protect the country’s IP.
The second point is to create an agency dedicated to disruptive research ideas within India on the lines of DARPA under Department of Defence in the US, Phantom works in Boeing or Skunk works in Lockheed Martin. This agency would help us achieve the success that atomic energy or space sector has witnessed. He urged that a serious attempt needs to be made to establish a National Aeronautics Commission to synthesise the learnings of the aerospace sector.
Tyagi’s third point reflected the point made by the Prime Minister yesterday at the Madison Square in New York. He stressed that a lot of Indian-origin scientists would be more than willing to work in niche areas to prop up the country’s capability. A policy framework for engagement of such persons of Indian origin needs to be formulated to fill up the critical technology gaps.
Stressing on higher degree of participation from Industry in R&D, Tyagi’s fourth point brought out that one each of the 37 labs of the CSIR needs to be adopted by a specific industry or the company so that the lab work is easily commercialised and is made relevant to the needs of the aerospace industry.
He commended the role of the CSIR and the National Aerospace Laboratories (NAL) and urged them to open their laboratories to companies such as the HAL and others to exploit the hidden advantages of this scientifically well-established infrastructure. “Such a step will also bring in the much-needed funds and give fillip to the on-going activities of CSIR-NAL,” he added.
The industry should nurture these labs as they have generated a significant intellectual property over the last 72 years of its existence, he added. While complimenting NAL on doing pioneering work in aerospace, he stressed that with a budget of around Rs 200 crore with half of it going towards salaries and infrastructure support, it is difficult for any organisation to do a path-breaking research and HAL would like to par- tner NAL in all its endeavours and nurture it as an extended arm of HAL.
Lastly, he touched upon the need for a vibrant skill development set-up in the country. He said, all efforts for a meaningful R&D cannot succeed unless the country has a very strong skill base. India will have approximately 25 per cent of the world’s workforce by 2025. On the flip side, by 2022, India will require about 500 million skilled workers across sectors, specifically in manufacturing. The country will see a skills gap of nearly 90 million workers — almost twice the present figure.
He said, that HAL-BCIC-SIATI have joined hands to address this issue and have formed a Section-8 company, the Aerospace Sectoral Skill Council. “India needs better training and education infra- structure supported by a pragmatic labour-industry-academia ecosystem, which is being enab- led by a HAL-led endeavour in the field on skill development under the aegis of NSDC,” Tyagi said.
The council is mandated to train approximately 400,000 peo- ple over the next 10 years in 90 trades relating to the aerospace industry for better employment opportunities and bridging gaps in skills required in the aerospace sector.
 

Hong Kong Unrest Rattles Stock Marketshong kong unrest rattles stock markets
Cuba Says: No Eau de Revolutionarycuba says: no eau de revolutionary
Vista Equity Partners to buy Vivek Ranadive-led Tibco Software Inc for $4.3 billionE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

PM Narendra Modi heads for White House visitE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Can U.S. states solve the immigration crisisBy Sara Ashley O'Brien   @saraashleyo September 29, 2014: 10:54 AM ET
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Foreign entrepreneurs, take note: "There is a welcome mat out in Massachusetts."
That's the message Greg Bialecki hopes will be conveyed through the launch of the Global Entrepreneur in Residence program this fall.
Bialecki, the Massachusetts secretary of housing and economic development, helped implement the three-year pilot program. It's designed to keep talented entrepreneurs, their innovative ideas, and the jobs they're bound to create in the country -- and in the state -- post-degree.
The H-1B is the most popular visa for highly-skilled foreigners and has an annual quota of 85,000. But those who are sponsored by a nonprofit research institution are exempt from this cap.
By partnering with universities, the GEIR program can use that provision to help foreign entrepreneurs with viable startups stay in the U.S.
The Massachusetts Technology Collaborative will work with universities to vet applicants; the universities will sponsor them. In return, participants must put in a minimum of eight to ten hours of work a week at the sponsoring university -- the rest of their time is spent working on their startup. (There are not currently any guidelines about the amount of hours one must work in order to qualify for a university-sponsored visa).
Related: 6 things you need to know about STEM
"The current system, where our top academic institutions train the best and brightest around the world and then they're told we don't want them to stay, is absolutely insane," said Jeff Bussgang, a Harvard Business School lecturer who conceptualized the GEIR program.
 
This is what a deportation looks like
Foreign students are already drawn to Massachusetts universities in near record numbers, according to a recent report from Brookings and JPMorgan Chase .
"The idea that students would be capable of starting a company, or growing a company, was not just an idea or a hypothetical," said Bialecki. "Massachusetts is a state where people see many tangible examples about how immigrants are fueling our economy and creating jobs."
Related: I created 7 jobs and the U.S. tried to deport me
The GEIR program was part of the 2014 Economic Development Bill that passed in early August (it will receive $3 million from the state). Though the program hasn't yet opened to the public (they expect to do so this fall), it has several "pre-launch" enrollees who they're already working with, like Vivek Gupta.
Originally from Calcutta, India, Gupta graduated from Harvard Business School this year.
Fate would have it that one of his professors was Bussgang, the driving force behind the GEIR program and a general partner at VC firm Flybridge Capital Partners.
Gupta's startup WealthVine was originally conceived in Bussgang's course and is slated to launch in the next two months.
The University of Massachusetts in Boston is sponsoring Gupta's visa; he's currently back in India awaiting for it to be approved. Then, he'll return to the U.S. and work at the university's Venture Development Center as an "entrepreneur in residence," meaning he'll advise other founders to fulfill his quota of work hours.
"Without this program, I would not have been able to stay in the US and launch my startup," said Gupta, 29.
Related: U .S. losing tech talent to Canada
His startup is a technology platform designed to help accredited investors invest in hedge funds and private equity funds. Leaving the country would have had a "severe negative impact on the viability of my startup," he said.
Gupta is one of several of Bussgang's students who will be in this first cohort of the program (they've yet to disclose numbers of enrollees but estimate it'll be a group of ten entrepreneurs at launch).
If the program is a success and if immigration reform remains stalled, other states could soon follow Massachusetts' lead in combating the brain drain.
"If there's no reform anytime soon, I think there's going to be more and more of these [types of programs] in other states," said immigration lawyer Jacob J. Sapochnick. "There's nothing circumventing the rules -- what's interesting is how creative it is. Universities have an interest to support it."
Are you an immigrant who has faced challenges starting your business? Email us.
First Published: September 29, 2014: 9:07 AM ET
Most Popular

http://usat.ly/1rEYWRlFocus on GoPro pushes stock to record highs
By: Gary Strauss September 29, 2014 11:09 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
GoPro founder Nick Woodman
While most  small cap stocks continue to get pummeled, GoPro GPRO continues to shine.
The action camera marketer soared 11% to an all-time $90.94 closing high Monday  on word that it would expand its low and high end lines.
GoPro will roll out three cameras, the entry level, $130 GoPro Hero, the $400 Hero4 Silver and $500 Hero4 Black. Both Hero4  cameras feature touch-screen displays that allow users to see what they’re shooting and provide enhanced low-light and night images.
The rollouts had already prompted FBN Securities and Piper Jaffray to raise their GoPro price target to $90 from $70 and $60, respectively.
Since debuting at $24 on June 26, GoPro has rocketed nearly 280%.  Second-quarter revenue surged 38% and the company says it expects a 35% jump in the third quarter. That’s the kind of movement that may merit its own action video.
Still, prospective investors should be cautious of story stocks. While GoPro’s fiscal year sales surged 87% to $1 billion this year, with Monday’s gains and the earlier post-IPO runup, the company has a market capitalization of nearly $11.5 billion and a price/earnings ratio that’s close to an astronomical 500.
No bargain-priced stock, by any means.
Follow story stocks on Twitter @gstrauss_
 

Beijing s Man in Hong Kong Should Resign After Crackdown on Protestersreddit
HONG KONG -- Leung Chun-ying, chief executive of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, found himself on the cover of the Asian edition of Time Magazine in July 2012, shortly after he was appointed the top job for the former British colony. The story title next to Leung's face on the cover is actually a question: Can Hong Kong Trust This Man?
More than two years on after Leung became the newsmaker for the Time cover story, or about halfway through his four-year term as the chief executive of Hong Kong, the answer to the question of whether Hong Kong can trust this man is getting clearer than ever. Unfortunately, the answer is no, and that no answer was manifested in tears and anger on Sunday when the Hong Kong police was authorized by the Leung government to fire tear gas continuously at peaceful pro-democracy protestors in the central part of the city.
Leung's support rating has continuously hit new lows in various public polls since he took the office. More recently, a poll conducted by the Chinese University of Hong Kong reported Leung's support rating hit a new low since November 2013 -- 41.4 points out of 100. Clearly, Leung has proven to be unqualified for his job as the chief executive of Hong Kong.
Public demand that Leung should consider resignation has grow rapidly in the past few months, in particular after Beijing's controversial decision in August to screen and limit candidates for chief executive in Hong Kong's 2017 election. The latest demand came from the students' union at the Chinese University of Hong Kong, which decided on Sunday to launch its class boycott indefinitely. One of its demands was to ask Leung to step down immediately.
Despite such clear and repeated requests from the general public, and even after tens of thousands of Hong Kong citizens chose to go to the streets to protest and to raise their voice in frustration over Beijing's broken promise to offer Hong Kong universal suffrage in 2017, Leung chose to stand by Beijing's decision and completely ignore the public's desire for freedom and democracy.
In fact, Leung apparently wants to go beyond just support for Beijing's decision to screen and limit 2017 chief executive candidates for Hong Kong -- he has recently also been more outspoken and provocative when criticizing local pro-democracy activists, including the signature Occupy Central movement led by Benny Tai, a well-respected law professor at the prestigious University of Hong Kong.
In a very high-profile event that was purposely aimed to draw media attention, Leung signed a petition last month to support the pro-Beijing, anti-Occupy Central movement, and he also encouraged his high-level government colleagues to sign the same petitions to support the pro-Beijing group. Leung also repeatedly blamed pro-democracy activists for making Hong Kong a more divided society. Some Hong Kong watchers believe there is no need for Leung to be aggressive when working on the government relations with the pan-democracy camp in Hong Kong.
To please the big boss, which is the central government in Beijing in the case of Leung, may be understandable to some extent, but to verbally attack the pan-democracy camp in Hong Kong is not common in Hong Kong's short history of chief executive, and it is widely considered not necessary or constructive for Leung to get engaged in a war of words with pro-democracy activists. But Leung may have his own selfish reasons to do so, which may fool Beijing, too.
Being provocative with his political rivals, Leung managed to hijack the political situation of Hong Kong by putting Beijing in an unnecessary dilemma. One reason to explain Leung's daring approach to his relations with the pan-democracy camp may be that he believes the more provocative his actions are, the more support Beijing has to offer him to keep him in office. If Beijing bows to the public pressure to let Leung step down, it may be considered a losing face matter for the "big boss," the central government. Face is more important than money in Chinese culture, especially in Chinese politics.
Last week, hundreds of students rallied outside Leung's office and his Upper Albert Road residence in the central part of Hong Kong. Student leaders demanded a face-to-face dialogue with Leung. Leung chose to hide, earning him a new nickname as a "coward." Students felt offended by Leung's ignorance of the people's voice, and their original desire for 2017 universal suffrage has been quickly turned into a new campaign with a simple and clear aim to "get rid of Leung" -- as some slogans and posters seen on the protest sites already proclaim.
It was only until Sunday afternoon that Leung decided to host a press conference.  He said nothing new but reaffirmed his belief that all protests taken by the students and the Occupy Central organizers were unlawful. Shortly after the press conference, which seemed like Leung's final warning for Hong Kong people, more and larger-scale tear gas was fired by the police in the streets. Leung may not want to face the reality, but the undeniable truth is that he just began to lose control of Hong Kong. The government of Hong Kong is now in the worst political crisis since the historic 1997 handover from British colonial governance to Chinese ruling.
It's time for Beijing to rethink the value and capability of Leung. Is it worth it to keep one man who already lost the majority of support in Hong Kong in office and to allow the Communist regime to become more hated by the students, the younger generation of Hong Kong citizens -- the future of Hong Kong? By finding an excuse for Leung to step down politely, for example, for health reasons, Beijing can win at least one point in the year-long political struggle for universal suffrage in Hong Kong. It's clear enough that mutual trust for Beijing and pro-democracy leaders and activists, including the Occupy Central movement, can only be rebuilt on the precondition that Leung must step down.
The cost of Leung's resignation is relatively small for the central government if Beijing still wants to win hearts and minds of Hong Kong people and get engaged with some of Hong Kong's pro-democracy legislators and activists who might be more open to negotiations with Beijing than other hardliners. Such a move can also ease the fast-growing international pressure on Beijing, whose image has already been hit by social unrest and arrests of dissents in the two restive regions of Xinjiang and Tibet. Tear gas can help Beijing maintain social order for some time, perhaps, but it will also increase the anti-Communism hate of Hong Kong for generations after generations, which could be a growing challenge to the central government in the long run.
Some Hong Kong watchers may argue it would not make a big change or present a turning point if Leung steps down. But in my view, to get back to the negotiation table and have more face-to-face talks is more constructive and hopeful for future solutions than endless and direct confrontations and protests. The precondition for such a back-to-table strategy and to rebuild mutual trust between Beijing and the general public of Hong Kong is to let Leung step down. When Leung is let go, Hong Kong people can at least understand that  Beijing is a listener, and it can hear people's singing. The theme song from Les Miserables "Do You Hear The People Sing?" has been popular in Hong Kong recently -- it can be heard easily in many of the public protests so far this year.
ONE COUNTRY, TWO SYSTEMS IN DANGER OF COLLAPSE
Ironically, the title of the top job for Hong Kong after the 1997 handover is called chief executive rather than mayor or governor. If you consider the chief executive of Hong Kong, a very long-time business and market-oriented society, as the top boss for a large corporation, then performance review should be the key to decide whether the chief executive should stay or go.
Last week, an opinion poll reported that Hong Kong people's distrust of the central government had reached its highest level since June 1995. The survey by the University of Hong Kong's public opinion program also found the proportion of respondents who lack confidence in the landmark "One country, two systems" scheme developed by late paramount Chinese leaders Deng Xiaoping is at its highest since the poll began in 1993, the South China Morning Post reported.
If the "One country, two systems" scheme is at the risk of collapse, how can Leung be a qualified chief executive able to survive his performance review and continue to do his job, pretending it's "business as usual" for Hong Kong?
When Leung made the cover of Time magazine in July 2012, I remember one reader made an interesting comment that the Time magazine editor should have thought of a smarter  headline -- to add one word in front of the question for Leung and Hong Kong: "How Can Hong Kong Trust This Man?"
We already know the answer, and it's time for Leung to go.
George Chen is a 2014 Yale World Fellow and an author of two books: "This is Hong Kong I Know" (2014) and "Foreign Banks in China" (2011).
Close

Clintons meet NarendraModiPrint
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj with former US President Bill Clinton and Hillary Clinton during a meeting in New York. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | New York | Posted: September 29, 2014 9:27 pm | Updated: September 29, 2014 9:31 pm
On Monday former US President Bill Clinton and his wife Hillary Clinton called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi and discussed Indo-US relations.
The Clinton couple had a 45-minute meeting with Modi, who was accompanied by External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj.
Both the Prime Minister and Swaraj warmly welcomed the Clintons and wished them on becoming grandparents. Swaraj warmly hugged Hillary.
Chelsea, the daughter of Bill and former Secretary of State Hillary, gave birth to daughter Charlotte last week.
Known for their love for India, Bill and Hillary were expected to discuss Indo-US engagements and the priorities of the new government in this regard.
The meeting comes in the backdrop of reports that Hillary may contest the US Presidential elections in 2016.

Putting Your Health Insurance Where Your Mouth Isreddit
Open enrollment is fast approaching.
Last fall, I gave up my employer-based health insurance plan and jumped into New York's health insurance exchange .
Why give up a good health plan (that is partially subsidized by my employer) to become one more person searching for an unsubsidized plan?
The first factor was principle. While the Affordable Care Act fell far short of my expectations for improving America's health care system, it was a small step in the right direction.  After years of emphasizing the importance of learning from the leading practices of other countries, I felt I should support this nascent system.  As a healthy 41-year-old, I was a "good bet" for any health insurance company and insurance pools need healthy people paying the full amount to balance out some of the negative selection.
The second factor was flexibility. By disconnecting health insurance from employment, I could make career decisions without having to add "where will I get health insurance?" to the equation.
This wasn't a financial decision. Monthly premiums were nearly identical for my employer-based plan and my exchange-selected Platinum Plan.  My new plan was not as comprehensive and was not accepted by my primary care physician or my dentist.  This was inconvenient but manageable.  I combed through the health personnel directory, called my new insurer for some guidance, and found new providers.
Open enrollment is fast approaching.
Last year many people were afraid of taking the risk of jumping into the pool. Today we know the exchange is working.  There are over 7 million paying customers, costs have come in lower than expected and the number of companies offering plans next year will increase.
Many of my friends and acquaintances have jobs with employer-based health insurance.  Many have been vocal advocates of the Affordable Care Act.  They have talked about the need for America to improve its public health system.  They have talked about the injustice of America's uninsured.  They have talked about the fact that Americans pay far more for health care than other countries yet our life expectancy is below that of other wealthy countries.
It is time to talk less and do more. It is time to put your health insurance where your mouth is.
Open enrollment is fast approaching.
This fall I will again get health insurance on the exchange instead of through my employer.  What about you?
Follow Howard Steven Friedman Twitter , Facebook , Author page
Follow Howard Steven Friedman on Twitter: www.twitter.com/howardsfriedman
More:

Howard Steven Friedman(2) Comments | Posted December 27, 2013 | 1:13 PM
The phrase "American Exceptionalism" means different things to different people.
To some, it carries a religious overtone, with the suggestion that the United States was specially chosen by God to be the dominant world power. Those who subscribe to that notion tend to believe that America is a force...
Dark Side of After-Christmas Sales Starting BEFORE Christmas
(6) Comments | Posted December 23, 2013 | 11:23 AM
On December 12th, the Department of Commerce released news that the advanced estimates for November 2013's sales were up 4.7 percent compared to November 2012. Sectors that have seen the largest year over year increases included motor vehicles (up 10.2 percent), furniture (up 9.7 percent), and electronics (up...
Mandela's Death: A Tale of Two Zimbabwean Newspapers
(0) Comments | Posted December  9, 2013 | 12:40 PM
I woke up in Harare, Zimbabwe to the news of Mandela's death. Two newspapers sat outside my door, NewsDay, an independent paper, and The Herald, the official newspaper of Zimbabwe.
NewsDay, an independent paper, had no article about Mandela since it had been printed before the announcement the previous night....
Bloomberg's $uper Dozen Years
(0) Comments | Posted November  2, 2013 | 2:54 PM
I wish I could have invested in Mike Bloomberg when he first became mayor because he has had a super, or shall I say $uper, dozen years.
No, I am not talking about debatable items like his mayoral legacy, especially his controversial third term. Nor am I referring to...
Relevant Experience Becoming a Political Liability
(4) Comments | Posted October 28, 2013 | 12:08 PM
A waiter hands you the menu while mentioning, "Our chef has never taken a cooking class in his life. After 20 years of owning a successful construction company, he just decided that other people don't know how to cook. This is his first day on the job and we've never...
If They Won't Put It in Writing Then Be Afraid
(9) Comments | Posted October 20, 2013 | 2:54 PM
Years ago, I got a call out of the blue. Someone I don't usually work with, in delicate political language, was requesting I do something. Problem was that the request seemed highly inappropriate to me. It wasn't based on any policy or guideline and seemed to be very questionable on...
Bad Economic Analogies Never Die
(5) Comments | Posted October 15, 2013 | 10:34 AM
Maybe you heard the analogy between managing household finances and government finances in an Intro to Economics class? Or maybe you heard it on talk radio or saw it spewed out on cable? Perhaps you remember Reagan referring to the federal government while stating, "...if you've got a kid that's...
Kennedy, Kidd and the Keys to Success
(5) Comments | Posted July 28, 2013 | 3:25 PM
Over the years, I developed the impression that most success in life is due to some combination of effort, innate talent, luck and connections. Connections can include financial, social and political connections where some people were born into a web of family connections while others developed them over their career....
American Mortality Comparatively Higher Across All Age Groups
(8) Comments | Posted July 24, 2013 | 6:54 AM
The fact that the U.S. health care outcomes lag that of many other wealthy countries (despite spending two to over four times more on health care) has been well established. What may surprise some is that the U.S. consistently lags other wealthy countries in health outcomes across all stages of...

USC Memory Scientist Richard Thompson Dies at 84All the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Exercising flushes mental toxic wasteBy Amy Ellis Nutt September 29 Follow amyellisnutt
(Bigstock)
Endorphins came first, those home-grown opioids or pain-killers called “runner’s high.” Then came the endocabbinoids, the pleasure-inducing molecules released during hard exercise that turn exercise nuts into gym rats. Now, decades after scientists first speculated on the effects of physical activity on the brain, Swedish researchers have discovered a new reason for lacing up those sneakers:
Exercise not only feels good, it protects the brain from depression.
In mouse studies at the Karolinska Institutet, neuroscientists showed that changes in skeletal muscles, incurred through exercise helped rid the body of a stress-induced amino acid called kynurenine that has been associated with mental illness.
“Our initial research hypothesis was that trained muscle would produce a substance with beneficial effects on the brain,” Jorge Ruas, principal investigator at Karolinska Institutet’s Department of Physiology and Pharmacology, told the media last week. “We actually found the opposite: well-trained muscle produces an enzyme that purges the body of harmful substances. So in this context the muscle’s function is reminiscent of that of the kidney or liver.”
Well-trained muscles mean increased levels of a protein known as PGC-1(alpha)1. The Swedish scientists developed a genetically modified mouse strain with high levels of PGC-1(alpha)1 in their muscles and exposed them (as well as normal mice) to a highly stressful environment of noises and flashing lights. After five weeks, the normal mice showed evidence of depressed behavior, including lethargy and disinterest in food, but the genetically modified mice did not.
The reason, the scientists believe, was that the modified mice also had higher-than-normal levels of an enzyme called KAT, which, under stress, converts kynurenine into kynurenic acid, which cannot cross the blood-brain barrier. In effect, KAT in these muscled-up mice detoxed their brain of stress-related neurochemicals.
“It’s possible that this work opens up a new pharmacological principle in the treatment of depression, where attempts could be made to influence skeletal muscle function instead of targeting the brain directly,” Ruas said. “Skeletal muscle (when activated) can protect the brain from insults and related mental illness.”
The Swedish study was published in the online version of the journal Cell on Sept. 25.
Read more:

Brazils markets are spooked by the thought of four more years of Dilma Rousseff"Just look at that chart..."(Reuters/Paulo Whitaker)
SHARE
Jason Karaian @jkaraian
September 29, 2014
Brazilians go to the polls in less than a week for the first round of voting in general elections. The presidential race between incumbent Dilma Rousseff and challenger Marina Silva looks too close to call.
That’s scared the markets. A month ago, Silva enjoyed a 10-point lead in the polls in a runoff contest with Rousseff. But the latest poll by Datafolha , released after markets closed last week, put Rousseff ahead, just above the margin of error. (If no candidate gets more than 50% of the vote on Oct. 5, which is likely, the two most popular candidates go head-to-head in a second vote on Oct. 26.)
The prospect of a second Rousseff term—which would mean 16 years of unbroken rule by the Worker’s Party—appears to be unsettling traders, with stocks and the real falling sharply today, extending losses this month that have mirrored the gains that Rousseff has made in the opinion polls. The real recently touched a five-year low against the dollar, and Brazil’s benchmark stock index has shed 10% so far in September:
Share
Tap image to zoom
Aside from her gains in the polls, the news hasn’t been great for Rousseff lately, with Brazil slipping into recession  amid the lingering resentment that followed popular protests sparked by the cost of living , corruption , misspent funds on World Cup and Olympic venues , and various other ills. But she has closed the gap with Silva—who became the Socialist Party’s candidate in August after the party’s original choice, Eduardo Campos, died in a plane crash—by taking advantage of a big fundraising advantage and much more airtime on television.
Rousseff’s increasingly sharp criticism of her opponent appears to be paying dividends. In a research note, analysts at Teneo Intelligence reckon that the incumbent’s “fierce” attacks will see her lead grow in the run-up to the first round of voting, and will probably be enough for her win a second-round runoff vote. Silva is a largely unknown quantity, but the markets have passed judgement on Rousseff’s spotty economic record since she took over from popular predecessor Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva, and they don’t like where the race is headed.
Share this:

http://usat.ly/1ry3Y1vFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Microsoft to open Manhattan flagship retail store
Microsoft on Monday said it will open its first flagship store in Manhattan.  The store at 677 Fifth Avenue is in the heart of midtown, just a few blocks from Rockefeller Center and not far from rival Apple's
Post to Facebook
Microsoft to open Manhattan flagship retail store Microsoft on Monday said it will open its first flagship store in Manhattan.  The store at 677 Fifth Avenue is in the heart of midtown, just a few blocks from Rockefeller Center and not far from rival Apple's Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/YGdYu6
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
4
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Microsoft to open Manhattan flagship retail store
Nancy Blair , USA TODAY 10:26 a.m. EDT September 29, 2014
In this file photo from 2013, Daniela Belevan helps Donna Gerken with a Microsoft Surface Pro 2 tablet after she bought it at a Microsoft store in Miami.
(Photo: Joe Raedle Getty Images)
64 CONNECT 79 TWEET 10 LINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Microsoft on Monday said it has signed a lease to open its first flagship store in Manhattan.
The location at 677 Fifth Avenue is in the heart of midtown, just a few blocks from Rockefeller Center and not far from rival Apple's Fifth Avenue flagship store.
Microsoft said that in addition to retail, there will be "experiential" areas in the store where the company can engage with customers.
In a blog post, Microsoft's retail VP David Porter called it an important milestone for the company. "This is a goal we've had since day one – we were only waiting for the right location." Porter said.
Microsoft opened its first retail store in 2009 in Scottsdale, Ariz. It now has 104 physical stores in the U.S., Canada and Puerto Rico. The company says it will open 10 more locations before the holiday selling season this year.
It offered no details on the timeline for the opening of the Fifth Avenue store.
The stores feature Microsoft products like the Surface Pro 3 tablet, Windows Phones and Xbox One. There's also an "Answer Desk" for tech help and in some stores a "Community Theater" space for seminars, demos and the like.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/YGdYu6

Heres what you dont know about heart disease in womenWhat you need to know about the ‘woman’s heart attack’
Written by
September 29, 2014
It may still be a man's world, but not when it comes to your heart.(Reuters/Juan Carlos Ulate)
SHARE
Zainab Mudallal @Zainab_Mudallal
September 29, 2014
Recent attention to the dearth of women in US clinical trials has revealed a startling problem in the medical world: Women make up  less than a quarter  (paywall) of participants in research trials related to heart disease in the US. As a result, most of what we know about heart disease is about men. Adding  to ongoing efforts  by the American Heart Association, the US National Institutes of Health has set aside  $10 million in grants to tackle the problem with more women-specific research and public awareness.
Recent studies  have revealed that heart attacks are on the rise in women, and yet  just 8% of women said they knew cardiovascular disease, not breast cancer, is the leading cause of death in women, killing 1 in 4 in the US.  In fact, women who experience heart attacks are more likely to die within a year, compared to men.
The classic “Hollywood” heart attack  (paywall), involving crushing or squeezing chest pain, difficulty breathing, and sudden collapse, is often perceived to be the norm. But the truth is, the symptoms women experience are quite different. Instead of sharp chest pain, women are more likely to feel tired and short of breath, and experience pain in the neck, jaw, throat or back . Seventy-one percent of women experience extreme weakness, which often feels like the flu .

Why China doesnt feel the need to back down in Hong KongThe Future of Hong Kong
September 29, 2014
Tear gas versus umbrellas —it’s a pretty unfair fight. But alas, the Hong Kong police’s crackdown on pro-democracy protesters over the last few days reflects a larger power imbalance between Hong Kong and its Communist Party overlords.
Hong Kong was once a crucial gateway for trade, investment, and capital-raising for its northern neighbor—a role that the 1997 handover only intensified. At first, at least. But China’s economy is less dependent on Hong Kong now than ever before. Though Hong Kong GDP isn’t counted as part of China’s overall GDP, here’s a sense of how the territory’s share would look if it were:
Share
Tap image to zoom
And as Hong Kong’s utility as a trade route into the mainland has dwindled, the territory has itself become more dependent on the mainland for its trade.
Share
Tap image to zoom
And, as Capital Economics pointed out in a note this morning, a tenth of Hong Kong’s GDP comes from tourism and retail, which will likely suffer if protests drag on.
In other words, China’s leaders may think they have little to lose by cracking down even harder on protesters—and less to gain by reversing their ban on universal suffrage in 2017, the source of the unrest (in August, the Chinese government said that candidates in the 2017 election must first be selected by a committee of pro-Beijing businessmen).
Any compromise on that point might stoke similar demands from the four other territories and countries that the People’s Republic claims: Macau, Tibet, Xinjiang, and Taiwan. (The first three are mainland territories; Taiwan operates entirely independently, despite the PRC nominally claiming it as its own territory.)
The fact that students in Taiwan are aligning with the Hong Kong demonstrators—and that Ma Ying-jeou, Taiwan’s generally pro-Beijing president, is supporting them —threatens the Communist Party’s policy of “reunification.” Meanwhile, an insurgency in Muslim-dominated Xinjiang is quickly gathering momentum.
Of course these are the reasons China’s leaders might think they should maintain a hard line. There are plenty of ways that violence in Hong Kong could hurt the mainland. As we noted earlier, the territory is still a crucial inroad for foreign investment in China. Its capital markets provide vital foreign capital for Chinese companies.
Untold sums of personal, corporate, and government official wealth has gushed from the mainland into Hong Kong’s real estate market, causing home prices to more than double since 2009. A crackdown would almost certainly hurt Hong Kong’s property market, putting its banking sector at risk—and it would also likely drive up bad loans for the (much less well-capitalized) mainland too, if Hong Kong property is being used as collateral for loans (and hurt the net worth of government officials).
And since Hong Kong is the global center for yuan trading, it is also a portal through which huge sums of liquidity flow , through both real and fake trade financing. China’s leaders don’t seem to actually understand how dependent their country’s financial system is on these ever-rising tides of liquidity coming in via Hong Kong. And they may not realize how easily a liquidity crisis could occur if, God forbid, they do decide to call in the tanks.
Share this:

Left with little  J&K flood victims look up to Sonia  RahulUpdated: September 30, 2014 00:42 IST
A family that lost its dream house
Zahid Rafiq
The Hindu Congress president Sonia Gandhi and party vice President Rahul Gandhi interact with flood-affected people in Dehruna Matipora in Anantnag district of Jammu and Kashmir on Monday. Photo: Nissar Ahmad
TOPICS
flood
Kulsoom and her family members had eagerly been waiting for Congress president Sonia Gandhi and her son and party vice-president Rahul Gandhi to visit them on Monday.
The senior Congress leaders, who are in Kashmir to meet victims of the recent floods in the State, were to visit the relief camp in Dahrun village in south Kashmir's Doru Tehsil where Kulsoom’s family is staying with 17 other families for the last three weeks.
Memories of her house on the banks of the Bringi stream kept flooding back to Kulsoom. She had always wanted a big house with a lobby. After years of living in cramped spaces, first in her father’s home and then in her in-law’s house, Kulsoom and her husband, Gul Mohammad Raina, finally made their dream house. It had seven rooms on the ground floor and seven on the first floor. It had a lobby too, a big one. Each of her three children had a room to themselves and she and her husband too had a bedroom of their own.
Now, they live in an olive green tent with three pairs of bedding, a few plates for food, some bone china cups, four pots, three spoons, a lantern and the memories of their lost home.
“My house was completely washed away. Not even a sign remained of our home. It’s as if no one ever lived there,” Kulsoom told The Hindu.
“At dawn, when we looked towards our house to see if it had been damaged, we couldn’t find a trace of it,” said Gul Mohammad. Homeless and landless now, they waited for their turn to be visited by the dignitaries, hoping that somehow they would again have a home, even if a small one and without a lobby.
A Congress party worker instructed them to stand up when Ms. Gandhi and Mr. Gandhi visit them and not to come out of their tent when they leave. Kulsoom’s two sons had written applications for jobs as flood victims that they wanted to give to Ms. Gandhi. After a sudden flurry of movement, the two Congress leaders appeared at Kulsoom’s tent, accompanied by senior Congress leaders Ghulam Nabi Azad, Ambika Soni, Saifudin Soz and local legislator Ghulam Ahmad Mir.
The son spoke first and handed over the letters. The mother tried to speak while the Congress leaders handed over a relief box from the Rajiv Gandhi foundation that contained 1 kg rice, 2 litres of oil, 1 kg dal, 2 kg dried milk, half-a-kilo tea, two blankets and a few chlorine tablets to one of the sons. Mir, the local MLA, left immediately even as Kulsoom rambled about being homeless to Ms. Gandhi. After the leaders left for the next tent, there was silence in Kulsoom’s tent. After a while, Kulsoom wiped away her tears and said, “Only God will help us.”

Modi charms Indian diasporaNEW YORK, September 29, 2014
Updated: September 29, 2014 01:02 IST
Modi charms Indian diaspora
The Hindu Prime Minister Narendra Modi speaks at Madison Square Garden in New York, on Sunday, September 28, 2014.
VIDEO
heads of state
At impressive Madison Square Garden event, promises better India by 2022
Prime Minister Narendra Modi made an impressive debut in America with his speech at the Madison Square Garden here on Sunday afternoon.
In an address aimed at pleasing the Indian-American community, Mr. Modi played his card of development and good governance, and said he wanted to make the people of India a partner in the country’s development.
Tested formula
Serving his old and tested cocktail of “development, information technology and demographic dividend,” he said the people of India had elected him for performing “bigger tasks.”
Mr. Modi received applause very early in his speech when he alluded to India’s IT power by making a joke about how India had suffered a “devaluation” from being called a country of “snake charmers” to a nation of “mouse charmers.”
Mr. Modi cited his government’s achievements, especially the recent mission to Mars and said he was committed to fulfilling the aspiration of every Indian.
“My dream is that by 2022, which is the 75th anniversary of India’s independence, no one in India should be without a home,” he said.
He announced that every person holding a PIO (Persons of Indian origin) card would get a life-long visa for India.
Festive look
The streets of New York wore a festive look on Sunday morning as thousands of Indians, many wearing traditional Indian outfits, gathered at the Madison Square Garden to listen to Mr. Modi.
Others came in groups, wearing Modi T-shirts and carrying placards with welcome messages.
By the time the event started at 11 am (local time), most of the seats at the venue were filled. Many enthusiastic groups occasionally broke into chants of “Vande Mataram” and “Bharat Mata ki Jai.”
A group of Muslims, wearing traditional sherwanis and skullcaps, and hijabs, were seated in one of the front rows, waving enthusiastically as cameras repeatedly focused on them.

Guillaume Sicard is now the President of Nissan IndiaGuillaume Sicard is now the President of Nissan India
Raghuram Rajan likely to hold onto key rates tomorrowE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Economic conditions becoming favourable for rate cut: Arvind MayaramE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Tata companies band together for bigger piece of defence pieTata companies band together for bigger piece of defence pie
Abhineet Kumar | Mumbai Sep 29, 2014 10:30 PM IST
In July, when Tata group Chairman Cyrus Mistry identified defence & aerospace as one of the four clusters that could drive growth for the conglomerate over the next decade, he clearly had his eye on the estimated $250 billion (Rs 15 lakh crore) that the government would spend to purchase arms and equipment in this period. The other three clusters, in Mistry's view, were consumer goods, infrastructure and financial services.
For the group, however, a key challenge in aiming at a chunk of the defence business will be to prevent competition within the group companies for orders. There are 14 companies within its fold that are focused on defence production. "Till now some of them have actually been competing with one another in defence business," admits V S Noronha, vice-president, defence and government business, Tata Motors. The companies also have to contend with engineering behemoth L&T, which has been preparing for just such an opportunity for the past decade, Mahindra & Mahindra, Ashok Leyland, Bharat Forge and Pipavav Shipyard. "A more synergetic approach will have to be taken," says Noronha.
Mistry's idea of banding the group's defence companies into one cluster will play a crucial role in this new vision. As Noronha says, "Clusters are what will give us competitive advantage as the combined strength of the group is going to be formidable for other companies who are getting aggressive on defence."
Prominent among the 14 group companies engaged in the defence business are Tata Motors (land systems), Tata Advanced Systems (aerospace), Tata Power SED (defence research & development), Tata Advanced Materials (composite components), TCS (software) and Titan Industries (precision engineering). There also are Tata Technologies and Telco Automation that have design and manufacturing capabilities to support the defence business.
The group envisions synergy as a lead company being supported by the rest of the group. For instance, if a land systems project is undertaken, then Tata Motors will take the lead and the other companies will pitch in. For an air system, the lead role will go to Tata Advanced Systems and so on.
"We have already started working together," says Sukaran Singh, director at Tata Advanced Systems. "TCS, Tata Motors and Tata Advanced Systems are working together and thinking very hard about projects."
The prospects for Tata and other Indian companies are bright with the defence establishment, saddled with obsolete armaments, planning a major modernisation drive. Domestic brokerage Edelweiss says that the likely defence outlay of the government will be $248 billion over the next decade. With a 30 per cent offset requirement, the domestic players can contemplate business worth at least $75 billion in 10 years.
Already, in the last one month, the government has cleared orders worth Rs 41,000 crore. "The quick clearance of pending defence orders by the new government, the focus on domestic production along with increase in foreign direct investment in the sector to 49 per cent and the statements about making India an aircraft MRO (maintenance, repair and overhaul) hub are indicators that have filled the industry with optimism," says Amber Dubey, partner and India head of aerospace and defence at global consultancy KPMG.
Building a case for defence
In many ways, the Tata group was prepared for this opportunity. As far back as 2007, Ratan Tata, then the chairman, had incorporated defence production in the vision for the group. At the time, Tata Motors and Tata Power SED were the group's main players in the defence sector.
Tata Advanced Systems, whose launch marked the group's entry into aerospace, has now scaled up operations across its seven lines of manufacturing and is preparing to bid for building a complete aircraft in the next three to five years. It is also eyeing the Rs 11,900-crore government contract for 56 military transport planes that will replace the Indian Air Force's ageing fleet of Avro jets.
Tata Advanced Systems is a strategic vehicle for the group and it already has four joint ventures that each have 26 per cent stake held by foreign partners. For aero-structures and aircraft tails, it has tied up with US-based Sikorsky and Lockheed Martin. Its partnership with the Israeli Elta Systems involves radar parts, while with Swiss firm AGT International, it handles homeland security.
At its Hyderabad facility, the company is building the fuselage of six presidential helicopters for the Marine One fleet that the US Navy ordered from Sikorsky for $1.24 billion. "Our strategy is to build for export first since this allows us to develop world class capability," says Singh. "But eventually all the preparation is for the Indian market."
To support the designated lead company in various defence projects, the group will depend on Tata Power SED, which has been in defence R&D since 1973. "Though we have partnerships, we do not need to go to somebody who will give us know-how," says Tata Power SED Managing Director Rahul Chaudhry. "We are a know-why company and continue to remain a know-why company." The company is engaged in building launchers, modernising airfield infrastructure and building electronic warfare equipment. It is also one of the biggest players in the weapon systems and sensors business in the country.
The formalisation of the four clusters in the group is expected soon with the nomination of a group executive council (GEC) member to head it. GEC is the core body that provides strategic and operational support to Tata Sons, the holding company of the group. It has already nominated GEC member Harish Bhat as head for the consumer cluster, which includes companies such as Titan, Trent, Croma and Tata Global Beverages. The nomination of cluster heads for defence, infrastructure and finance business is awaited.
"It makes sense for large corporate groups to consolidate their defence business under one head because this helps in seamless planning, bidding and interaction both within and outside the group," points out Dubey of KPMG, referring not just to the Tata group, but to a generic approach to handling defence business with a single customer, the ministry of defence.
The Tata group realises the practicality evident in Dubey's prescription. It hopes the internal synergy among its own companies will stand it in good stead in the defence business.

Flying bike seeks sky-ridersFlying bicycle seeks a second wind
Ken Wysocky
About the author
Ken is a freelance writer and editor who resides in suburban Milwaukee, Wisconsin. A former newspaper reporter and magazine editor, Ken has more than 25 years of editorial and communications experience.
How close is the BMW 4 Series to the Concept 4?
HIDE CAPTION
If man were meant to fly, he’d have wings – or at minimum a Paravelo: half-bike, half-parasail flying machine that seamlessly melds extreme sports with eco-sensible transportation.
Related
London's £600m floating bike path
The Paravelo is the brainchild of aviation-obsessed inventors John Foden and Yannick Read, the founders of XploreAir, located in suburban London. Ironically enough, the founders’ workshop is a short walk from the original site of the long-defunct Sopwith Aviation Company, builders of the World War I-era Sopwith Camel . 
Despite falling short of goal on the crowd-funding site Kickstarter.com, Foden and Read refuse to let financial headwinds ground the development of their bike-cum-ultralight aircraft. “Obviously, it makes things slightly tricky, because all these kinds of projects need money,” says Foden. “But we’ll keep plugging away.”
The Paravelo – an amalgam of “parachute” and “velocipede” –  flies through largely uncontested airspace, unless one counts prototypes such as Aerovelo’s Atlas or motorised ultralight paragliders . Along with its minimalist design, the Paravelo benefits from serious engineering chops through a partnership with British paramotor manufacturer Parajet (maker, incidentally, of BBC Autos’ most fascinating oddity of 2013, the SkyRunner ), which is on board to build the machine when XploreAir obtains sufficient financing, Foden says.
The Paravelo’s main components are:
• a single-speed, aluminium-frame folding bicycle• an air-frame trailer fabricated from strong but lightweight aircraft-grade aluminium
• a biofuel-burning Parajet Volution two-stroke, 22-horsepower engine
• a three-blade propeller, with blades made from carbon fibre, encased in a collapsible aluminium frame
• a nylon parasail
Users can either ride the bike by itself or use it to tow the trailer while biking to aero-adventures. Fully assembled, the unit weighs about 50kg (roughly 110lbs) and folds into a space about the size of three suitcases. Its makers claim the Paravelo attains a top speed of about 25mph in the air, and can remain airborne for about three hours at altitudes up to 4,000ft. About 40ft of level, open land is required to take off.
Flight preparation is simple. The bike frame docks with the trailer, forming a para-trike configuration. Then a parasail unfurls behind the rider, filling with air and ultimately enabling take-off. A would-be aviator can also detach the assembly and merely wear the propeller and motor for a foot launch – and one doesn’t need a pilot’s license in most jurisdictions to operate the Paravelo, Foden notes.
Avid cyclists, Foden (who owns a design agency) and Read (who works at a transport business that designs electric cars and bikes) are keen to make airspace more accessible and affordable for the masses.
“Both cycling and flying inherently provide you with freedom,” Foden explains. “But flying isn’t accessible to everyone, because it’s expensive to buy and store a plane, plus you need a pilot’s license. The Paravelo removes those obstacles and provides practical and affordable flight.”
Freedom comes at a price, of course. Foden says the Paravelo will sell for £10,000 (about $16,300) – more expensive than most bikes , but still considerably cheaper than an airplane.
Does the Kickstarter shortfall portend a limited market for the Paravelo?
“One reason we didn’t reach our goal is that Kickstarter is quite new in the UK,” Foden says. “People in the States tend to look at projects and say, ‘That looks interesting and fun – I’ll pledge a dollar.’ People here look things and think, ‘Well, that’ll never work.’
“But we had 150,000 hits on our YouTube video alone, so if all those viewers had contributed 50 pence, we’d be on target,” he says.
For the time being, XploreAir plans to produce custom, one-off models of the Paravelo, which recently appeared on the cover of the widely circulated Hammacher Schlemmer gift catalogue. Beyond that initial plan, however, the fate of the Paravelo remains, well, up in the air.
If you would like to comment on this story or anything else you have seen on BBC Autos, head over to our  Facebook  page or message us on Twitter .

The long road to justiceUpdated: September 28, 2014 09:08 IST
The long road to justice
punishment
The conviction of Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa in the disproportionate assets case by a Special Court in Bangalore is a significant vindication of a vital constitutional principle — that the rule of law be upheld for all citizens including persons in high public office. Too often have members of the political class managed to get away with the abuse of power, betraying the trust of the people who voted them to office. Ms. Jayalalithaa is the first serving Chief Minister to be convicted under the Prevention of Corruption Act; before her only a handful of political leaders have had to face jail terms in corruption cases. But this conviction did not happen as a matter of ordinary legal course. At every stage, attempts were made to obstruct and delay the judicial process. It is commendable that the prosecution and the judges involved in this case stood up to the pressures and upheld the principles of justice and fairness. The case was moved to Bangalore in 2003 after the Supreme Court found several attempts to subvert the trial during Ms. Jayalalithaa’s earlier term starting in 2001. Yet, despite the protracted and tortuous course that the legal process took in this case, justice seems to have been finally done.
However, more important than bringing to justice persons abusing public office is establishing systemic checks to prevent abuse of power and influence-peddling. In the last two years or so, there has been a popular upsurge against corruption in high places. While Parliament was forced to take steps to put in place a national anti-corruption institution, the Lok Pal, the judiciary has taken the lead in this regard. But the time taken for the completion of this marathon trial — 18 years — is too long even for a case of this magnitude. To deal with corruption in public life, the country’s requirements are two-fold: a more effective legal framework to prevent the abuse of power, and procedural reform that would limit the duration of cases without adversely affecting the right of the accused to a fair trial. Saturday’s verdict has had some unfortunate repercussions. Incidents of violence were reported from several parts of Tamil Nadu. Whoever succeeds Ms. Jayalalithaa as Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu must show statesmanship and political maturity, and ensure the maintenance of law and order without allowing AIADMK party cadre to spill their rage on the streets, directing violence at public property and ordinary citizens. Extra precautions must be taken to prevent any violence escalating into attacks on Kannadigas on account of the verdict being delivered by a court situated in Karnataka. Ms. Jayalalithaa still has avenues for appeal open to her, and Tamil Nadu should not be allowed to descend into a spiral of violence and destruction.

Obamas Faustian pact with the SaudisObama’s Faustian pact with the Saudis
By Edward Luce
By suffocating freedom, Saudi Arabia multiplies the supply of recruits for groups such as Isis
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bdae33de-44de-11e4-ab0c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bransons big holiday offer  give us a breakBranson’s big holiday offer – give us a break
By Lucy Kellaway
A fixed entitlement tells us it is OK to take time off – even if our work is far from done
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c983fb74-44c2-11e4-bce8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Modi leads reset to US-India relations© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a3ec901a-4571-11e4-ab86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Making FDI in defence a win-win modelE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Why low credit growth may not be badE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

The rise of private business in ChinaSeptember 28, 2014 3:44 pm
A looser grip for Beijing’s heavy hand
Review by Henny Sender
In ‘Markets Over Mao’, Nicholas Lardy assesses the rise of private business in China
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c901183e-44be-11e4-bce8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

HK protests and the one-country systemFollow @ftworldnews
Gideon became chief foreign affairs columnist for the Financial Times in July 2006. He joined the FT after a 15-year career at The Economist, which included spells as a foreign correspondent in Brussels, Washington and Bangkok. He also edited The Economist’s business and Asia sections.
His particular interests include American foreign policy, the European Union and globalisation
To comment, please register for free with FT.com and read our policy on submitting comments .  Contact gideon.rachman@ft.com about The World blog.
See the full list of FT blogs .

Treasury Wine  filling the demand curve© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/8352d4f2-2174-11e4-b145-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Investors set for Treasury Wine bid battlePrivate equity prepares for Treasury Wine bid battle
By Jennifer Hughes in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fb489d0a-2149-11e4-b96e-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tibco to Be Sold to Private Equity Firm for $3.98BAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Alia Bhatt s hot  Jabong  designs for Parineeti ChopraE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

ATM Fees Keep Climbing  Survey SaysAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Jet Airways announces celebratory pan-India airfares at Rs 700E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Terri E. Givens and Pete MohantyA vast and diverse group, by the numbers.
Nov 21, 2014
Rep. John Lewis (D-Ga.) might have something to say about that.
Nov 20, 2014
Nevada could soon become the next North Carolina.
Nov 20, 2014
Being Al Sharpton means never having to say you’re sorry.
Nov 19, 2014
GOP leadership is (still) overwhelmingly white and male.
Nov 19, 2014
The GOP does a great promotion job, but Democrats have contenders too.
Nov 19, 2014
Warren’s new prominence has her draft movement thinking big.
Nov 18, 2014
She might as well run.
Nov 17, 2014
They cite the oft-used ‘slippery slope’ argument.
Nov 14, 2014
A nuanced look at one of Obama’s top aides.
Nov 14, 2014
Load More
About
Nia-Malika Henderson writes for The Fix covering the intersection of politics with culture, demography and emerging sources of power. Nia joined The Post in 2010 and has written for She The People, covered the 2012 presidential election and hosted Post TV's "On Background" interview show. Before joining The Post, Nia wrote about education, race and the White House for Politico. In 2008, she covered the presidential election and local government on Long Island for Newsday. She also worked at The Baltimore Sun where she covered city government in Annapolis. A regular guest on Fox, MSNBC, and CNN, Nia has an undergraduate degree in cultural anthropology from Duke University, and graduate degrees from Yale University in American studies and Columbia University in journalism.
Most Read

MOM spacecraft sends pictures of dust storm activities | CoverageMars Orbiter Mission spacecraft sends pictures of dust storm activities
By PTI | 29 Sep, 2014, 10.16PM IST
India's Mars orbiter has sent a picture of regional dust storm activities over the northern hemisphere of the Red Planet, ISRO said.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BANGALORE: India's Mars orbiter has sent a picture of regional dust storm activities over the northern hemisphere of the Red Planet , ISRO said today.
"Regional dust storm activities over northern hemisphere of Mars - captured by Mars Color Camera on-board Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM)", Bangalore-headquartered Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) said on its official Facebook page with a picture.
It said the image was taken from an altitude of 74,500 kms from the surface of Mars.
MOM spacecraft had sent its first images of the planet on Thursday, a day after creating history by becoming the only such endeavour so far to have met with success on the maiden attempt.
MOM aims to study the Martian surface and mineral composition and scan its atmosphere for methane, an indicator of life.
The spacecraft is equipped with five instruments, including a sensor to track methane or marsh gas, a colour camera and a thermal-imaging spectrometer to map the surface and mineral wealth of the planet.
The Rs 450-crore MOM is the cheapest inter-planetary mission. India is the first country to reach Mars in the very first attempt. European, American and Russian probes have managed to orbit or land on the planet, but after several attempts.
The orbiter will keep moving in an elliptical path for at least six months with its instruments sending their gleanings back home.
The spacecraft was launched on its nine-month-long odyssey on a homegrown PSLV rocket from Sriharikota in Andhra Pradesh on November 5, last year. It had escaped the Earth's gravitational field on December 1 and was placed in the Martian orbit on September 24.

Can Google s winning ways be applied to all kinds of businessesCan Google's winning ways be applied to all kinds of businesses?
New York Times Sep 29, 2014, 10.25PM IST
Tags:
(It is not just the Internet…)
By Steve Lohr
Can Google's winning ways be applied to all kinds of businesses? The authors of "How Google Works," Eric Schmidt , Google's former chief executive, and Jonathan Rosenberg, a former senior product manager at Google, firmly believe that they can.
The critical ingredient, they argue in their new book, is to build teams, companies and corporate cultures around people they call "smart creatives." These are digital-age descendants of yesterday's "knowledge workers," a term coined in 1959 by Peter Drucker, the famed management theorist.
But the new breed is a far cry from the staid, organization men of the past. Smart creatives, the authors write, are impatient, outspoken risk-takers who are easily bored and change jobs frequently. They are intellectually versatile, typically "combining technical depth with business savvy and creative flair," the authors note.
"They are a new kind of animal," Schmidt and Rosenberg write. "And they are the key to achieving success in the Internet Century."
Their book, written with Alan Eagle, a speechwriter and communications employee at Google, is filled with instructive anecdotes of Google lore. One early story, from 2002, is presented as a distillation of Google's distinctive culture. Larry Page, the co-founder, was chagrined at how terrible the ads were that were being served up alongside many searches - random and irrelevant. He printed out the searches with the offending ads, marked them, and wrote on top, "THESE ADS" STINK. He pinned the pages to a bulletin board in the company kitchen, and left for the weekend.
Five engineers worked on the ad program over the weekend, without any direct prompting, and solved the problem. That became the essence of Google's "ad relevance score," which presented search-related ads based on their relevance rather than how much the advertiser was willing to pay or how many clicks the ads received. The five "problem-solving ninjas," the authors write, were not even on the Google ads team.
It's a neat and telling story. But it's also true that similar stories of smart, creative entrepreneurial teams solving thorny problems are nothing new.
In a joint interview, Schmidt and Rosenberg conceded that point, but what has changed, they argued, is the context of an economy that is increasingly digitized and throwing off data. In the past, bursts of innovation by small teams - from IBM's development of Fortran, the first higher-level programming language, in 1957, to the Apple Macintosh in 1984 - were exceptional episodes within more bureaucratic corporate structures.
Yet today, the authors insist, fast decision-making and flat organizational models have to become a corporate way of life. Cars, jet engines and medical equipment, for example, are all animated by software and often generate vast quantities of sensor data. So it is not just the Internet companies like Google, they say, that need to operate like Google, innovating and experimenting more rapidly to stay ahead in manufacturing, transportation, retailing, media, banking and other industries.
"The world is becoming increasingly digital," Schmidt said. "Every major corporation needs a software strategy, needs a data strategy. If not, then you have no real strategy."
And smart creatives, the authors write, are the key to digital-age speed, strategy and product success. People with their characteristics, they say, have always been around. But in the digital environment, Rosenberg said, "the degree to which people with that set of characteristics can have an impact is very different than years ago."
"The defining characteristic of today's successful companies," the authors write, "is the ability to continually deliver great products. And the only way to do that is attract smart creatives and create an environment where they can succeed at scale."
What about becoming a smart creative? Can it be taught and nurtured? How does one train to become one? Here Rosenberg, now an adviser to Page, the chief executive of Google, and Schmidt, the company's executive chairman, offered somewhat different takes. Rosenberg, who has an undergraduate economics degree and an MBA, said it really helped to start with some quantitative or technical expertise, like computer science or data science, and broaden out from there.
Schmidt, who is a computer scientist and a former researcher at Bell Labs, said the important thing was not so much education in a specific discipline but to "think analytically" and to adopt that mindset and mode of thought.
"I don't think you necessarily have to do a lot more," Schmidt said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

My upcoming speech at the University of Montana Symposium on The Future of FederalismBy Ilya Somin September 29
This Thursday (6-7 PM), I will give one of the keynote speeches at the University of Montana Law Review symposium on “The Future of Federalism.” My talk is entitled “Democracy, Foot Voting, and the Case for Limiting Federal Power.” It will cover some of the issues I addressed in this article , and in my recent book Democracy and Political Ignorance: Why Smaller Government is Smarter . The other keynote speaker is Prof. Roderick Hills of NYU.
On Friday (2:45-4:15 PM), I will participate in a panel on the Supreme Court’s decision in NFIB v. Sebelius and its implications for federalism. My presentation will focus on the Court’s explication of the meaning of “proper” in the Necessary and Proper Clause , which is the most extension of discussion of that issue in any decision in the entire history of the Court. The other participants in the panel are professors Abigail Moncrief (Boston University), Erin Ryan (Lewis & Clark Law School), and Anthony Johnstone (University of Montana).
Details about the location and the rest of the symposium schedule are available here .
Ilya Somin is Professor of Law at George Mason University. His research focuses on constitutional law, property law, and popular political participation. He is the author of "The Grasping Hand: Kelo v. City of New London and the Limits of Eminent Domain" (forthcoming) and "Democracy and Political Ignorance: Why Smaller Government is Smarter."

The big problem with Facebook-killer Ello: Its hopelessly  irredeemably naiveBy Caitlin Dewey September 29 Follow @caitlindewey
A screenshot of Ello’s homepage.
Ello is the hot new thing. The anti-Facebook. The great social-media crusader who — as its creators promise, in a flowery manifesto — will seize our humanity back from the grinding gears of the Internet machine.
Its minimalist design is nice, of course. The absence of ads is oddly refreshing, and many people have rightly praised the start-up’s progressive name-use policy — one that lets LGBT users and other concerned groups register any name they like.
But at its core, Ello’s appeal is all theoretical: People like Ello not because it’s a prettily designed network without ads and user-tracking, but because it represents an idea. An ethic. A way of existing on the Internet in which said existence is meaningful, and not merely for the major technology companies who grind our interests and memories into data for marketers.
“You are the product that’s bought and sold,” the company rails in its opening manifesto . “We believe there is a better way. We believe in audacity. We believe in beauty, simplicity, and transparency.”
But when you scrutinize that string of buzzwords a little more closely, it looks less like a raison d’etre and more like a web of unlikely assumptions. Ello’s founders assume, for instance, that — given the opportunity, which they already have elsewhere — people will be constructive and pro-social online. They assume the general public has an active interest in issues of online privacy and identity. And, in an apparent business flaw that’s been much analyzed already, they assume people will generously shell out money to support that interest, even if they see little to no personal benefit, and even if they don’t have to.
Ello’s founders call it idealism. It looks a lot like naivete.
For starters, large social networks — with servers and programmers and office space — do not run on dreams and fairy dust. Typically they run on ads, which Ello doesn’t have. In lieu of ad revenue, Ello has suggested it might adopt the Radiohead approach — pay-what-you-like, or what-you-think-it’s-worth. It’s more or less the model employed by a number of individual bloggers, podcasters and livestreamers, as well as by public radio and nonprofit media — who may also sell ads and solicit grants or corporate donations to cover the vast swaths of budget that users don’t.
The difference, of course, is that Ello won’t have grants or corporate donors, and the amount of money it costs to run a social network dwarfs the monetary needs of some guy on Twitch by a factor of a zillion to one.
It’s also unclear if the general Internet-browsing public — a.k.a., the very people Ello wants to save from Facebook and its ilk — really care about being saved from Facebook, at all. According to a 2013 Pew poll , 94 percent (!) of adult Internet users have done nothing to hide their personal data from Facebook, et al, which doesn’t exactly evidence the widespread adoption of Ello’s pay-what-you-like principles.
There’s a bigger issue here, as well: Ello’s (charming, but unprovable) assumption that this same generalized Internet public, with all its vagaries and amoralities and documented evils, wants only for a creative, collaborative, life-affirming online space where everything is beauty, and everyone plays nice.
“We believe a social network can be a tool for empowerment,” the manifesto reads. “Not a tool to deceive, coerce and manipulate — but a place to connect, create and celebrate life.”
In that wildly optimistic spirit, Ello launched in beta without any way to block abusive users or flag inappropriate content. It’s discouraging hate speech and other “uncool” unpleasantness, going so far as to block abusive IP addresses from accessing the site, but it doesn’t elaborate on how moderation will work or who will do it. At present, Ello has one e-mail address where users can send complaints; no flagging, no abuse system, no dedicated moderation team. It’s almost as if Ello’s founders are all young white men who haven’t experienced the Internet’s dark, and surprisingly vast, underbelly. (Oh, wait — they are all young white men !)
The Web incubates plenty of beauty and community and generosity, of course — all the things Ello’s founders assumed in the creation of their “anti-Facebook.” To claim otherwise wouldn’t just be cynical — it’s flat-out, factually wrong.
But is there enough good on the Internet to populate and *fund* a mainstream social network? Is there enough idealism to push back against Facebook, the $200-billion behemoth that — even as I type! — is rolling out a brand-new and ever more encroaching ad platform?
I’d like the answer to be yes, as would Ello’s impassioned, oh-so-principled founders. But the Web has a way of ripping your ideals away from you. And Ello, even at this early stage, looks open to corruption — or failure.
Caitlin Dewey runs The Intersect blog, writing about digital and Internet culture. Before joining the Post, she was an associate online editor at Kiplinger’s Personal Finance.

Collective fight needed to tackle terrorism: PM | CoverageNarendra Modi
(Rejecting any distinction…)
NEW YORK: Rejecting any distinction between good and bad terrorism, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today called for a collective fight to effectively tackle the global menace.
"There is no good terrorist or bad terrorist," Modi said while addressing the Council for Foreign Relations here.
"There is a need to take the challenge of terrorism seriously. It's sad that many countries could not earlier understand the ugly face of terrorism which is enemy of humanity," he said.
The Prime Minister, who dwelt at length on the threat posed by terrorism, said it cannot be measured on the scale of political plus and minus.
"The world will have to speak in one voice against terrorism," he stressed.
In his address, Modi reaffirmed that India wants to build friendly relations with all its neighbours. He said that all the SAARC leaders had been invited for his swearing in ceremony.
As part of this exercise he also visited Nepal and Bhutan.
Referring to the Jammu and Kashmir floods which had left behind a trail of death and devastation, he said there was tremendous loss also in Pakistan-occupied Kashmir (PoK) and he had expressed India's readiness to extend help to those affected across the border.
The Prime Minister used the occasion to reach out to American investors by promising an era of political stability in India alongwith easy and effective governance.
He said a number of steps have already been taken to simplify procedures and his government has initiated labour reforms and unveiled schemes for skill development.
On India's stand on the WTO pact, the Prime Minister asserted that agreement on food security and trade facilitation will have to go hand-in-hand.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Want prosperity and happiness for not just India but the world  Modi tells US thinktankOct 01, 2014 at  03:45pm IST
Terrorism in India not homegrown but exported from outside, says PM Modi in New York
45
2
New York: Emphasing on the menace and the treat of terrorism in the world, Prime Minister Narendra Modi in his address to US thinktank Council on Foreign Relations (CFR) in New York said that terrorism in India is not home-grown but exported from outside. He rejected any distinction between good and bad terrorism and called for a collective fight to effectively tackle the global threat.
"Terrorism has no borders, no ideology. Terrorism is something everyone in the world is troubled with. We need to take the issue of terrorism very seriously. I am sad to say that some countries have not been able to understand the evils of terrorism. There is no good terrorist or bad terrorist. It is our biggest challenge," he said.
Modi also spoke on his efforts to build regional cooperation saying that India offered help to Pakistan "on humanitarian grounds" when floods struck the nation.
#narendra modi us visit #modi meets america #narendra modi in america #council on foreign relations
"We want peace with our neighbours. I invited the heads of the SAARC nations for my swearing-in ceremony. That's the way to take the world forward," he said.
With an aim to attract maximum investment into India, PM Modi sold his vision of a new India which will be built on the three pillars of the economy - agriculture, manufacturing and service.
"We want to develop our economy on the pillars of agriculture, manufacturing and service sectors. We want to create a balance," Modi said, adding that 'Make in India' was a "step towards that goal". He said that India was aiming to make 'zero defect, zero effect' the motto of its manufacturing sector where Indian products will have no defects and will have no adverse impact on environment.
The PM also assured the American investors of an era of political stability in India along with easy and effective governance. He said a number of steps have already been taken to simplify procedures and his government has initiated labour reforms and unveiled schemes for skill development.
Ahead of his meeting with US President Barack Obama, Modi made it clear that agreement on food security and trade facilitation will have to go hand-in-hand. "Agreement on food security and trade facilitation will have to go hand-in-hand," Modi said. India had been saying that it will not compromise the interest of poor farmers and consumers at the World Trade Organisation (WTO).

L&T: Armed but not commissionedL&T: Armed but not commissioned
Panneerselvam takes pledge as CM amidst sobs and tearsPanneerselvam takes pledge as CM amidst sobs and tears
Collective fight needed to tackle terrorism: ModiCollective fight needed to tackle terrorism: Modi
Rupee plummets to 7-mth low  down 38 p to end at 61.53 vs USDRupee plummets to 7-mth low  down 38 p to end at 61.53 vs USD
Analyst Corner: Buy rating on DCB Bank  target Rs 110  says Motilal OswalE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Strides Arcolab jumps 13% on merger  but Shasun Pharma scrip faltersE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Possession  sale of foreign fireworks is illegal: DIPPE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

I want to create a neo-middle class to accelerate development: PM Narendra Modi.E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Surinder Sud: The right chemistrySurinder Sud: The right chemistry
Surinder Sud |  Sep 29, 2014 09:48 PM IST
India's crop protection chemicals sector is the fourth largest in the world. It is growing 12 to 13 per cent annually thanks to a robust growth of eight to nine per cent in domestic demand and 15 to 16 per cent in exports. Yet, this industry is shy of investing in research and development (R&D) to generate innovative and environmentally-friendly products. The total R&D spending by the industry is around one to two per cent of its turnover. Globally, the pesticide industry spends five to 10 per cent of its revenue on research. Unsurprisingly, therefore, the industry relies heavily on generic products, with over 80 per cent of the molecules being non-patented.
Such a business strategy has served the agrochemicals sector well till now since it keeps the costs down and lets it concentrate on pricing, marketing and other key areas. This advantage may even continue for some more time since the industry already has process technologies for over 60 generic, off-patent molecules. And, many more molecules are anticipated to lose patent protection in the next few years. However, the situation is likely to change thanks to growing intellectual property protection concerns and accentuating competition from multinational companies. Bio-pesticides, deemed safe for environment and health, are also likely to emerge as potential competitors for chemical pesticides in due course, though their current market share is just around three per cent. The pesticide industry will, therefore, need greater self-reliance in the discovery of new molecules.
Emphasis on R&D is imperative for another reason as well. The number of serious crop pests is gradually increasing. Going by a recent report on the agrochemicals sector, prepared by the Tata Strategic Management Group with support from the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industries (Ficci), the number of serious pests that attack wheat has risen from just two in 1940s to 19 now. In rice, similarly, the count of major pests has risen from 10 to 17 and in sugar cane, from just two to a whopping 43. The case is no different for pulses and oilseeds. This is bound to require more pesticide use which, currently, is hardly around 0.6 kg a hectare. This looks minuscule in contrast to pesticide consumption of five to seven kg a hectare in developed countries and 13 kg in China.
Apart from pests, the menace of diseases and weeds is also expanding. This makes the development of new fungicides and weedicides more important. Currently, the Indian agrochemicals market is dominated by insecticides (insect killers), which enjoy a 60 per cent market share. In contrast, the share of fungicides (for controlling plant diseases) is just around 18 per cent and that of herbicides (for weed control) still at 16 per cent. The demand for these products is bound to swell in coming years, given that new diseases and weeds are also surfacing.
This apart, the geographic and crop-wise spread of pesticide use, too, is quite skewed right now. It is confined largely to crops such as rice, cotton, wheat and sugar cane and that too in a few states, such as Andhra Pradesh (both Seemandhra and Telangana), Maharashtra, Punjab, Uttar Pradesh, West Bengal and Haryana. As the use of pesticides spreads to more crops and other regions, the demand for new-generation pesticides is bound to spiral.
There are many reasons for low R&D investment in the agrochemicals sector, including some over which the industry has little control. The most significant reasons among them are the prohibitively high cost of evolving a new product and long gestation period. The Tata-Ficci study reckons the investment needed for evolving a new molecule at $250 million. Besides, it takes nearly 10 years to commercialise the product. Even generic products can take five years for registration. Regulatory bodies generally lack resources and infrastructure to expedite the registration of new products. In many cases, even the rules are not clearly defined.
Some of these issues obviously need to be addressed by the government. But the industry, too, needs to explore ways and means to get over these constraints. For, the growth opportunities for this sector have to come from expansion of the product portfolio, higher exports of generic products and expansion of the herbicide and fungicide market.
surinder.sud@gmail.com

Chautala bahu seeks to become Haryanas daughterNaina Chautala with voters in Dabwali. Source: Express
Written by Mukesh Bhardwaj | Chandigarh | Posted: September 30, 2014 12:42 am
Her husband serving a 10-year jail term, Naina Chautala has stepped into a role unfamiliar for women in the family. With folded hands, the family’s first woman politician is presenting herself before Dabwali’s voters as a daughter-in-law of the family who would like to be a daughter of the state.
But she appears also to see herself as something of a stopgap arrangement. “I am contesting in unusual circumstances. If my husband is released tomorrow and he wants to come back from here, I will vacate the seat for him. After all, I am fighting for him,” she tells The Indian Express from the cosntituency, last represented by her husband, Ajay Chautala.
Naina, 48, describes what she has been telling voters: “I came here as a daughter-in-law and served the family within my home. But these are not usual times. My husband is in jail, so is my father-in -law. The state framed them in a false case. Justice will be done but we cannot wait until then. I am seeking your mandate for the family. I will serve as a daughter of the state.”
She tells The Indian Express: “I belong to a political family and know how one pushes a public cause. I deserve a chance.”
In fact, Naina had campaigned during the last Lok Sabha elections for her son Dushyant, who won from Hisar. She is one of three members of the Chautala family seeking to retain its bastions. The last polls had seen O P Chautala elected from Uchana Kalan where he defeated Birender Singh, Ajay from Dabwali and O P Chautala’s younger son Abhay from Ellenabad. This election has Abhay back from his constituency and Dushyant from Uchana Kalan, while Naina will contest against Birender’s wife in Dabwali.
Much of Naina’s conversation centres around Ajay. “My husband would have done much more but I too will try to nurture the constituency as he would have wished.”
Naina hails from the village of Darauli in Adampur, the Lok Sabha constituency that is home to HJC chief Kuldeep Bishnoi. A graduate, Naina says that public life should come easy to her after having spent 14 years in a hostel. “I was head girl of the hostel and am used to public dealings. It was because of the family tradition that I kept away from public life but now that it is the need of the hour, I will do my job.”
Two other daughters-in-law contesting include Kiran Choudhry of the Bansi Lal family from Tosham and Renuka Bishnoi of the Bhajan Lal clan from Hansi. Neither is a first-timer.
I belong to a political family and know how one pushes a public cause. I deserve a chance

BJP  Sena will soften punches to keep post-poll options alivePrint
Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray.
Written by Pradeep R Kaushal , Liz Mathew | New Delhi | Posted: September 30, 2014 12:37 am | Updated: September 30, 2014 8:30 am
The Shiv Sena and the BJP have decided to hold fire after an initial round of attacks and counterattacks. With the election results uncertain, neither of the erstwhile partners wants to shut out the option of a post-poll alliance.
The BJP has directed its state unit and campaigners not to attack the Sena. The Sena, for its part, has told its leaders to keep their criticism of the BJP low-key.
READ:  BJP top gainer as rebels swell in number
The original BJP strategy was to target Uddhav Thackeray for his “arrogance that has broken the alliance” but the party now says its campaign will be focused on governance and development and a promise to return Maharashtra’s “self-esteem and identity”. BJP sources said the party is targeting 130 seats. “Our main target will the 15-year misrule of the Congress-NCP,”said Shrikant Sharma, BJP national secretary. “The Shiv Sena used to be an ally and we have broken up. We have decided to put it behind us and look ahead.”
After the split, Uddhav had attacked the BJP for snapping the 25-year-old alliance. Now, the Sena has resolved to showcase Uddhav as chief minister and market his vision document for seeking votes. “We don’t want to shift the focus away from Uddhavji’s leadership and Congress-NCP misrule to the problems in the Sena-BJP ties,” a source in the Sena told The Indian Express.
The Sena has also kept a channel open for reaching out to the MNS, sources said.
The high point of the Sena campaign will be a rally at Bandra-Kurla Complex on October 12, which Uddhav will address. The Sena will not, however, hold its customary Vijay Dashmi rally in the election season.
BJP leaders said even in urban constituencies, where the Sena and the BJP eye the same vote bank, party leaders have been asked to project the BJP as a party that has proved its governance skills in states it rules rather than indulge in a negative campaign against its former ally.
The BJP’s campaign will talk about making Maharashtra a manufacturing hub once again. The campaign and the party’s manifesto will outline how a BJP government will improve GDP, the industrial sector, roads and agriculture, and ensure 24-hour power — factors essential to the manufacturing sector.
Two central government programmes the BJP campaign will play on in Maharashtra and Haryana are the Pradhan Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana — launched last month and aiming at opening at least one bank account for every family in less than six months — and Make in India to make India a hub of manufacturing and to provide jobs. The target audience is the poor with the first, and the middle class with the second.
Geete will quit once Modi returns
MUMBAI: A day after Raj Thackeray mocked the Shiv Sena for maintaining its alliance with the BJP at the Centre, Uddhav Thackeray announced that Anant Geete, the only Sena union minister, will resign as soon as continued…

Prithvirajs ambitions monstrous  says KakaUndalkar at a rally in Karad South.
Written by Sandeep A Ashar | Karad | Posted: September 30, 2014 12:29 am
Fighting his first assembly election, Prithviraj Chavan is the sole target of the campaign of seven-time Congress MLA Vilas Patil-Undalkar, now rebelling as an independent candidate. Undalkar, locally referred to as “Kaka”, has chosen not to target the party for declining him a ticket. At public rallies and street-corner meetings, Undalkar has been saying Chavan’s “monstrous ambitions” have destroyed the Congress and senior party leaders in Maharashtra.
“He is a threat to Maharashtra, and a threat to the Congress party. A number of Congress leaders have called me supporting my bid to ward off this threat. There will be a political explosion if I declare the names of those who have called me,” Undalkar says.
“I have no complaints against the Congress. But this man has destroyed my family and the party in the state in the last three-and-a-half years,” says Undalkar. Though he has been sparing the Congress, what should be a concern for the party is that Undalkar’s rallies have been drawing large crowds.
The Chavan camp has been projecting him as the “ambassador of development” and playing up his clean image. Undalkar has been striving to dismantle that image too, accusing Chavan’s close aides of brokering various deals. And there has been mockery too: “Chavan managed to poll just 5,000 votes in his home of Patan taluka when he lost the Lok Sabha poll in 1999. That is a measure of his popularity.”
Chavan’s other major challenger, the BJP’s Atul Bhosale, has focused his campaign on lack of development under Chavan. Hailing from a Congress background, Bhosale alleges he was sidelined by Chavan’s close aides.
He is a threat to Maharashtra, and a threat to the Congress... Many party leaders have called me supporting my effort to ward off this threat.

This road leads to Chavan homeMany main roads are even worse than this approach road to Chavan’s house (white). (Source: Prashant Nadkar)
Written by Sandeep A Ashar | Karad | Posted: September 30, 2014 12:29 am
The dirt road in the picture is the approach to the now former Maharashtra chief minister Prithviraj Chavan’s house in his hometown Karad. The condition of several main roads in this western Maharashtra constituency, which has given the state two chief ministers, is even worse.
Development is a work in progress in Chavan’s home constituency as he leads the Congress on its toughest battle yet to retain power in the state. Fighting his first ever state poll from Karad South, Chavan has been highlighting the funds his government has pumped into Karad. Earlier this month, The Indian Express had reported how Chavan had sanctioned development works worth Rs 335 crore to this assembly seat. A large part of these funds was sanctioned in the run-up to the polls.
Even his closest supporters, however, concede that most of the projects they are meant for are either ongoing and yet to begin. Manohar Shinde, a close Chavan supporter, blames the local zilla parishad for the delays. The parishad is run by the NCP.
“There is no development in the constituency. Elected leaders have taken us for a ride,” says Suman Mange, 55, who lives with her family at Karad’s Lalubhai Chawl.
The lack of proper roads, drainage networks, transportation facilities and jobs in this rapidly urbanising constituency contrasts the region’s resources — it is plush with sugar cooperatives controlled by political heavyweights — and political legacy. Maharashtra’s first chief minister Yeshwantrao Chavan hailed from Karad, which is also the hometown of former cabinet minister Yeshwantrao Mohite, another important figure in the state’s politics. Other ministers elected from the region have included Shyam Asthekar, Dadasaheb Jagtap, and seven-time legislator Vilas Patil-Undalkar.
Other western Maharashtra constituencies well represented politically, such as Baramati, Kolhapur and Indapur, have matched that with development. “The development here does not match even an inch of what has been achieved in Kolhapur,” said the Shiv Sena’s Narendra Patil, who is contesting from Karad North.
Indeed, development is at the centre of the campaign agenda for most of Karad South’s candidates. Chavan is being projected as the “ambassador of development”. Undalkar, a Congress rebel, is wooing voters with “development work” he has helped carry out in his 34 years as MLA. The BJP’s Atul Bhosale has been targeting both Chavan and Undalkar for lack of development, while Congress leader D Y Patil’s son Ajeenkya, who has entered the fray as the Shiv Sena, says development is not what it should have been and that he can better it.

Kerala child kept in kennel by principal as punishmentDog was said to have been removed from the kennel before child was locked in.
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: September 30, 2014 12:02 am
The police arrested the principal of a private school on Monday following a complaint that a UKG student was kept in a dog kennel as punishment for talking to a classmate.
While the alleged incident took place at a school on the outskirts of the city last Thursday, a complaint was filed only on Monday. Police arrested the principal of the school which has been functioning in a shed within the premises of a house. The student’s class teacher, who allegedly put the boy in the kennel, is absconding. The dog was reportedly taken out of the kennel and the child locked inside.
Police said the principal was charged under IPC Sections 317 (exposure and abandoning of a child by a person having care of it), 342 (wrongful confinement) and Juvenile Justice (care and protection of child) Act.
The child’s father said his son was locked up in the kennel from morning to evening. His elder daughter, studying in an upper primary class at the same school, saw the boy locked in the kennel when she went to the toilet. She took up the matter with the principal, who allegedly threatened the girl with consequences if she informed her parents.
The family said the child was not given anything to eat and was released only in the afternoon. The incident came to light after his sister took the matter up with a relative who informed the parents, following which they filed a complaint. The boy said it was his teacher who locked him up. The education department revealed that the school did not have government recognition.
However, a school official has said that the case was fabricated and no such incident occurred. He alleged that certain vested groups were behind the complaint and the boy was tutored to raise charges against the school.
Outraged by the incident, people marched towards the school in protest as education and social welfare departments launched separate probes.
Opposition leader V S Achuthanandan demanded the class teacher and principal be booked under a non-bailable charge for the inhumane act.

 India a Great Place to Invest: GEc s Jeffrey ImmeltSebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
New York: General Electric chief executive Jeffrey Immelt described India as a great place to invest and that the US conglomerate is looking to make more investments in the country after he met with Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday.
Describing his one-on-one meeting with the Prime Minister as "excellent", Mr Immelt said, "GE is a long-term investor in India. We look forward to more in the future."
The GE chief also had high praise for Mr Modi whom he described as a Prime Minister with "good head set for business" and expressed hope that he would continue to "drive the reform process".
The Prime Minister pitched the India story in his interaction with Mr Immelt and discussed steps that can be taken to enhance country's business environment.
Impressed with the meeting, Mr Immelt said, "India is a great country and place to invest."
Earlier on Monday, the Prime Minister also had one-on-one meetings with CEOs of Boeing, KKR, BlackRock, IBM and Goldman Sachs and is believed to have pitched for big-ticket investments in India to develop infrastructure and create more jobs.
GE has a significant presence in India across many sectors and employs thousands of people.
Story first published on: September 29, 2014 23:52 (IST)

IPR issue vital for India  US pharma space: Sanjay PuriIPR issue vital for India  US pharma space: Sanjay Puri
HK protesters turn to private internetHong Kong protesters turn to ‘private internet’ to communicate
By Hannah Kuchler in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/579f02c6-47f4-11e4-ac9f-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Fed repo tests drive safety scrambleFed ‘repo’ tests drive scramble for safety
By Michael Mackenzie and Tracy Alloway in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/34fcc25c-44d0-11e4-ab0c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hack Is Draining Money From People s Bank AccountsHome Depot Hack Is Letting Criminals Drain Money From People's Bank Accounts
Reuters
Updated:
09/24/2014 11:59 pm EDT
This Aug. 14, 2012 file photo shows a Home Depot store in Nashville, Tenn. On Tuesday, Sept. 2, 2014, the home improvement retailer said that it's looking into "unusual activity" and that it's working with both banks and law enforcement after suspicions of a credit card data breach. (AP Photo/Mark Humphrey) | ASSOCIATED PRESS
reddit
(Reuters) - Data breach at home improvement retailer Home Depot Inc
has led to fraudulent transactions across the United States, draining cash from customer bank accounts, the Wall Street Journal said.
Criminals are using stolen card information to buy prepaid cards, electronics and even groceries, the Journal said, citing people familiar with the matter.
Financial institutions also are stepping up efforts to block the transactions by rejecting them if they appear unusual, the daily said.
Earlier this month, Home Depot confirmed its payment systems were breached and said some 56 million payment cards were likely compromised in a cyberattack at its stores, suggesting the hacking attack at the home improvement chain was larger than last year's unprecedented breach at Target Corp
.
Home Depot had said customers who shopped at its stores as far back as April were exposed, suggesting the breach extended through the busy summer season.
(Reporting by Anannya Pramanick in Bangalore)
More:

CEOs Get Paid Too Much  According To Pretty Much Everyone In The Worldreddit
Rumblings of discontent about executive wages, the 1 Percent, and wealth gaps know no borders. And neither does fierce debate about income inequality in general. But until now, it's been relatively unclear how much people think CEOs should really make compared to other workers on a global scale.
In their recent research , scheduled to be published in a forthcoming issue Perspectives on Psychological Science, Chulalongkorn University's Sorapop Kiatpongsan and Harvard Business School's Michael Norton investigate "what size gaps people desire" and whether those gaps are at all consistent among people from different countries and backgrounds.
It turns out that most people, regardless of nationality or set of beliefs, share similar sentiments about how much CEOs should be paid -- and, for the most part, these estimates are markedly lower than the amounts company leaders actually earn.
Using data from the International Social Survey Programme (ISSP) from December 2012, in which respondents were asked to both "estimate how much a chairman of a national company (CEO), a cabinet minister in a national government, and an unskilled factory worker actually earn" and how much each person should earn, the researchers calculated the median ratios for the full sample and for 40 countries separately.
For the countries combined, the ideal pay ratio for CEOs to unskilled workers was 4.6 to 1; the estimated ratio was about double, at 10 to 1. But there were some differences country to country. People in Denmark, for example, estimated the ratio to be 3.7 to 1, with an ideal ratio being 2 to 1. In South Korea, the estimated gap was much larger at 41.7 to 1. The ideal gap in Taiwan was particularly high, at 20 to 1. This is what the breakdown looks like, country by country:
And how does this compare with how much CEOs really earn? Here's the data for 16 countries where the data is available; as Kiatpongsan and Norton note, it "includes the estimated and ideal data from [the other chart], but both are so much smaller than the actual pay ratios that they are nearly invisible":
My colleague Walter Frick and I calculated the ideal wages for average workers if CEO compensation remained the same, based on the same 2012 average CEO pay data used by the researchers. Even workers in the country with the largest desired ratio difference (Australia at 8.3 to 1) would be hypothetically making over $500,000 a year, while those in countries that emphasized the need for a smaller gap (Denmark, Sweden, and Norway at around 2 to 1) would earn over a million (note: the ISSP and AFL-CIO numbers do not align perfectly, so there is a slight difference between the wages of unskilled and average workers):
Taken together, these numbers say a lot, even if the latter chart isn't exactly based on real life. Importantly, though, it's not just the starkness of the data that's striking -- it's the thinking behind them. While the estimated pay ratios Kiatpongsan and Norton found did differ based on, say, political leanings, the ideal pay ratios were similar across the board:
Note, for example, that respondents who "strongly agreed" that differences in income were too large estimated a much larger pay gap between CEOs and unskilled workers (12.5:1) than respondents who "strongly disagreed" (6.7:1; Table 2). Yet, the ideal ratios for both groups were strikingly similar (4.7:1 and 4.8:1), suggesting that whether people agree or disagree that current pay gaps are too large, they agree that ideal gaps should be smaller.
When it comes to other beliefs -- ranging from the importance of working hard or having a lot of job responsibility -- differences among people didn't result in major shifts in how much CEOs should get paid, either.
"My coauthor and I were most surprised by the extraordinary consensus across the many different countries in the survey," Norton says. "Despite enormous differences in culture, income, religion, and other factors, respondents in every country surveyed showed a universal desire for smaller gaps in pay between the rich and poor than the current level in their countries."
We're currently far past the late Peter Drucker's warning that any CEO-to-worker ratio larger than 20:1 would "increase employee resentment and decrease morale." Twenty years ago it had already hit 40 to 1 , and it was around 400 to 1 at the time of his death in 2005. But this new research makes clear that, one, it's mindbogglingly difficult for ordinary people to even guess at the actual differences between the top and the bottom; and, two, most are in agreement on what that difference should be.
"The lack of awareness of the gap in CEO to unskilled worker pay -- which in the U.S. people estimate to be 30 to 1 but is in fact 350 to 1 -- likely reduces citizens' desire to take action to decrease that gap," says Norton. Though he notes some movement on that front, including an unsuccessful vote in Switzerland to cap the ratio at 12 to 1 in 2013 and recent protests by fast food workers in the U.S.
He also emphasizes that "many of the heated debates about whether CEO pay should be capped or the minimum wage increased are debates based on an extreme lack of knowledge about the true state of affairs. In other words, both liberals and conservatives fail to accurately estimate the actual current gaps in our pay. Our hope is that presenting the data to all sides might force people to examine their assumptions about whether some people are making more than they would like, and others less."
Gretchen Gavett is an associate editor at the Harvard Business Review.
Follow Gretchen Gavett on Twitter: www.twitter.com/GretchenMarg
More:

Wireless electric car charging tested for in-motion vehicles0
"We'll be investigating the unique challenges of charging vehicles while they're in motion," Dr. Zane said, in the facility's quarter-mile loop - one leg of which will go indoors for up-close study. "We'll do testing at very slow speeds, and we'll be able to evaluate charging at speeds up to 35mph."
One result of in-motion, wireless charging, Dr. Zane, would be the reduction of size and weight of the batteries required to power electric vehicles.
"If we want to push toward a vehicle that has a 300-plus mile range, the battery size and vehicle weight goes up prohibitively," he said. "But if we had a vehicle that could receive charge in motion, we could get that range with a smaller, lighter battery that might have only a 30-mile range."
This work isn't only going on in Utah. Dr. Zane said South Korea is already running public buses on a similar wireless charging system. And the car companies BMW and Daimler are in partnership to jointly develop a shared wireless charging system for BMW's i3 and i8 electric vehicles.
The 4,800-square-foot facility will be built near the USU campus in North Logan, Utah, north of Salt Lake City, with a budget of $2 million to $3 million, Dr. Zane said. The test track will be operational as early as spring of 2015.
Follow me on Twitter: @misterfleming
 

This Prank Will Disturb Everyone With A Cell Phonereddit
Most of us are terribly guilty of checking our cell phones constantly -- but consider exactly how fast you check your phone when you hear that tonal alert!
It's pretty darn fast, as this video from the social provocateurs at YouTube channel Whatever proves. They pranked a host of unsuspecting people by having a man play the 'notification' sound on his phone as he walked by.
Like clockwork, everyone whips out their devices immediately. We can't decide if this prank is hilarious or a little bit sad -- probably both, because it 'dings' so close to home.
Also on HuffPost:

Apple BendGate Truthers Smell a Media PlotThis article originally appeared in Business Insider.
Were news reports that the iPhone 6 is prone to bending actually a plot orchestrated by mainstream media? That's what some Apple fans are starting to say after forensically analyzing the original video that broke the BendGate story.
Advertisement
Here is a breakdown of the theory that suggests Apple is merely the patsy in a wider conspiracy to defame the company's not-bendable products. As Pocket-Lint reports, there may be something strange going on with the time shown on the iPhone 6 in the original video that caused the story to go viral. Reddit user "akrosdabay" has written this analysis of why people are starting to call foul over BendGate:
When he is bending it with his bare hands, the phone shows 2:26 p.m. Then, talking about it that later claiming it has bent as a consequence of his actions earlier in the video, the phone shows 1:58 p.m. Then later when he is summarizing, the time on the phone is 1:58 - 2:00 and has a bend in it. Then it shows 2 p.m. and the phone is straight with some possible damage near the volume button. 
Stocktwits /Clock Work
Canadian YouTuber user Unbox Therapy created the video, and Apple fans are beginning to accuse him of subterfuge to inflate just how bad the bending issue is. 
Reddit user "tittywagon" was one online commenter who is skeptical of BendGate: "The hoodie, glasses, backwards hat. The guy is a side-show idiot who blew it way out of proportion for YouTube views."
The "iPhone In Canada" blog goes one step further, blaming mainstream media for the controversy: "Bendgate actually happened in 2012—but was missed by the mainstream media."
Reports had surfaced in 2012 that said the iPhone 5 was susceptible to a similar kind of bending as the iPhone 6 Plus. However, the issue didn't gain anywhere near as much attention as the current controversy.
Apple has weighed in on BendGate in a decisive manner. On Thursday the company revealed how it puts devices through a number of stress tests, allowing CNBC to film the company's testing facility. 
A statement was also emailed to Business Insider that played down concerns over a widespread structural issue with the iPhone 6. Apple told us that "through our first six days of sale, a total of nine customers have contacted Apple with a bent iPhone 6 Plus."
Apple's full BendGate statement is below:
Our iPhones are designed, engineered and manufactured to be both beautiful and sturdy. iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus feature a precision engineered unibody enclosure constructed from machining a custom grade of 6000 series anodized aluminum, which is tempered for extra strength. They also feature stainless steel and titanium inserts to reinforce high stress locations and use the strongest glass in the smartphone industry. We chose these high-quality materials and construction very carefully for their strength and durability. We also perform rigorous tests throughout the entire development cycle including 3-point bending, pressure point cycling, sit, torsion, and user studies. iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus meet or exceed all of our high quality standards to endure everyday, real life use.
Top Comment
So thin pieces of metal and plastic bend when you bend them?  Shocking.  Here some advice my parents gave me that I think applies well to this situation: Dont break your toys.   More...
-FusionWhite
Join In
With normal use a bend in iPhone is extremely rare and through our first six days of sale, a total of nine customers have contacted Apple with a bent iPhone 6 Plus. As with any Apple product, if you have questions please contact Apple.

In The California Drought  These Animals Are The Silent Sufferersreddit
With no end in sight and hopes pinned on a wet winter, the California drought has left an entire community dependent on bottled water provisions , threatened farmers’ livelihoods and prompted a $7.5 billion water bond measure.
Amid those challenges, it’s easy to forget that the drought is not just a human issue. While our homes still stand, thousands of these other native Californians’ homes have evaporated, burned to the ground and heated up beyond habitation -- painting a grim preview of ecosystems suffering extreme damage if the drought continues. Here are some of the animals most threatened by those dry conditions.
Owls And Other Raptors
CHRISTOF STACHE/AFP/GettyImages
Orange County’s Audubon Starr Ranch Sanctuary’s popular Barn Owl cam has provided viewers with little to see this year thanks to what experts are calling the worst breeding season on record for raptors, Audubon Magazine reported in August. The nesting pair laid just one egg -- compared to many in previous years -- and abandoned it before hatching, leaving the embryo to die.
Zoologist and environmental consultant Peter Bloom warned that while this pair's particular case may not be the direct result of the drought, it is a grim reflection of how many suffering raptors are struggling to reproduce in dry conditions .
Starr Ranch manager Peter DeSimone told the magazine that several of the 11 raptor species in the sanctuary have not been nesting on the land and are nowhere to be seen -- likely because of dwindling prey populations, such as mice, that rely on grass and plants that haven’t grown in the dry conditions.
Researchers and animal caretakers across the state have hypothesized similarly and agreed that the states of the species are unprecedented.
“ They’re skinny, they’re weak and they’re just not doing well ,” veterinarian Kristi Krause of Lakeforest’s Serrano Animal and Bird Hospital told the Orange County Register. “This is probably the worst I’ve seen it.”
Devastating wildfires linked to the dry conditions have also ravaged some habitats. Last month, Al Jazeera America reported that rangers in Yosemite National Park are investigating how great gray owl habitats were impacted by the Rim fire, the third largest in California history.
“ We are not detecting great gray owls at as many sites as before the fire ,” park ornithologist Sarah Stock told Al Jazeera, adding that 20 percent of the species’ nesting habitat burned in the fire. While great gray owls nest in tree snags -- a tree that is dead or dying but still standing -- the Rim fire incinerated most trees beyond habitation.
“With predictions of more frequent, hotter fires, it means that great gray owls might not be able to come back to these areas under the present climate scenario,” Stock said.
Deer
Justin Sullivan via Getty Images
When “fawn-whisperer” Diane Nicolas of Placer County’s Kindred Spirits Fawn Rescue first started rescuing distressed deer in 2006, she cared for just 25 that year, NBC’s KCRA-TV reported. This year she has already brought in 122 deer, largely due to drought-parched food sources.
“There is not as much food to forage on, so they are coming down lower,” animal control officer Terri Koeckritz told the station. “That means they are crossing more unfamiliar roads and encountering more cars.”
In recent years, California’s deer population has dropped to just half a million, one-fourth of what it was in the 1960s , Al Jazeera America reported in February. Their dwindling numbers can be blamed greatly on habitat loss and, to a lesser extent, hunting. The drought has only exacerbated the problem, forcing deer into dangerously close quarters.
“Such activity during a severe drought can concentrate these animals and help spread parasites and disease,” Jason Holley, a wildlife biologist supervisor for the California Department of Fish and Wildlife, told Al Jazeera. “It can also attract predators, such as mountain lions.”
Mallards And Other Waterfowl
David McNew via Getty Images
Mallard ducks in California have experienced a 20 percent drop in population in the last year , the California Department of Fish and Wildlife (CDFW) announced in May, attributing the breeding struggles to the hot, dry climate and poor habitat conditions.
“[Water] deliveries were reduced not just to farmers, but to state and federal refuges,” Greg Yarris of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service told Audubon Magazine . “When you have reduced wetland, there is a reduced breeding success," he said of the state’s mallard populations, which frequently make the state their home throughout every season.
Additionally, the forced concentration of mallards and other waterfowl on remaining water sources has made those sites a hotbed for disease. The CDFW’s Wildlife Investigations Lab reported in February that it had already investigated several avian cholera outbreaks that winter.
“Close contact among waterfowl allows a bacterial disease like avian cholera to spread very rapidly, resulting in the death of hundreds to thousands of birds,” CDFW scientific aid Tom Batter wrote .
Salmon
ASSOCIATED PRESS
Salmon die-off in California has been so concerning this year that researchers have been collecting freshly hatched babies and transporting them to hatcheries with the hopes of releasing them in areas where they’re more likely to survive.
“ In a drought year like this, fish are going to die ,” Gary Curtis, a Senior Environmental Scientist for the CDFW, told ABC News last month while working on the Scott River. “We can’t have thousands and millions of dead fish washed up on the streams. We just can’t.”
With shallow water heating up to dangerously high levels, salmon swimming upstream were trapped and forced to lay their eggs in water inhospitable to newborns.
The salmon devastation has become a tense political issue in some communities. Along the Klamath River, where salmon are already experiencing a gill rot disease that rattled the population in 2002, Native American tribes have begged officials to release cold water from the federally managed Trinity Lake reservoir upstream, National Public Radio reported last month. The water could save the migrating salmon, but officials have already promised that water to farmers hundreds of miles away growing almonds.
Also on HuffPost:

How Hackers Can Devastate Small BusinessesWhen Hackers Steal A Web Address, Few Owners Ever Get It Back
Posted:
reddit
For nearly two decades, Michael Lee owned a prized piece of Internet real estate: the website MLA.com. The three letters stood for his graphic design and advertising business, Michael Lee and Associates, but they also represented an unusual investment opportunity. A short or memorable Internet address can be worth thousands or even millions of dollars. Facebook reportedly paid $8.5 million to buy Fb.com in 2010, while Porn.com went for $9.5 million in 2007.
Lee, 58, bought his domain in 1997 for a modest $600. A domain name appraiser recently valued the website at $47,000. Lee planned to eventually sell MLA.com and use the money as part of his retirement.
That is, until May of last year, when he received shocking news: A hacker had stolen his website, and there was nothing GoDaddy, his domain registrar, could do to get it back.
“That’s when I freaked out,” he said in a recent interview.
Michael Lee's domain name, MLA.com, was stolen last
year. He still hasn't got it back.
More than a year later, Lee still hasn’t recovered his website. He has filed a lawsuit against the site’s new owner, a man in Russia named Alexey Kremnev, hoping a judge will return the address to him. Meanwhile, Lee said the theft has damaged both his professional and personal life. He said his business has lost $200,000 in sales since MLA.com was stolen because customers still try to reach him at his old address. The lost revenue has forced him to lay off freelancers, eat fewer meals out and move his family into a less-expensive home. Lee, who has three grandchildren and lives in the Chicago suburbs with his wife of 34 years, said his retirement plans are now on hold.
“A lot of customers have said, ‘I tried to email you and it kept bouncing back, so I gave the job to someone else,” Lee said in an interview. “I’ve lost a ton of business. I’ve also lost a three-letter domain that I was counting on for my retirement.”
Lee is a victim of domain theft, a scheme in which hackers steal valuable Internet addresses and sell them in online forums or extort their rightful owners. At a time when cyber criminals are targeting banks, retailers and celebrities, domain theft victims suffer a uniquely devastating blow. Many are small business owners who rely on their websites to reach customers online and consider their unique URLs to be expensive property they can sell for a large profit.
Domain theft has been happening since the dawn of the Web. But while the Internet has created a place where small and large businesses can flourish, the law has not evolved to protect people from thieves who hijack their domains. When their websites are stolen, many business owners find they have nowhere to turn to recover them.
Several recent victims interviewed by The Huffington Post said they got little or no help from domain registrars like GoDaddy, Internet.bs or HostMonster. Victims also said they couldn't get help from local law enforcement or the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers, known as ICANN, a California-based nonprofit responsible for managing the Internet address system.
Jonathan Askin says domain theft victims have little
legal recourse.
In many cases, victims can’t even file a lawsuit to recover their stolen web addresses because most states don’t have laws that recognize domain names as property, said Jonathan Askin, a technology law professor at Brooklyn Law School.
“It’s a serious problem without any legitimate recourse,” Askin said.
As the value of domain names has grown, major companies are taking security more seriously, even hiring third-party firms to guard their web addresses from thieves. Perhaps as a result, reports of domain theft have become somewhat rare. The FBI received 26 reports of domain theft over the past year, according to an FBI spokesman.
But domain hijacking often goes unreported, Askin said. And it's small businesses that are both more vulnerable and more likely to be financially destroyed by the theft. Hackers know small businesses make easy targets because they don’t have the resources or knowledge to secure their domain names, said Leo Taddeo, head of the FBI’s cyber division in New York.
Hackers typically go after websites that are not being used by their owners, who have either bought the domains to host websites or to sell them for profit later. So thefts often go unnoticed for months. When victims finally discover what happened, they feel it’s too late to do anything about it, Askin said.
A short, catchy domain name can be worth millions of dollars,
making the URLs valuable targets for hackers.
Criminals typically steal domain names by hacking into a victim’s email account. From there, they gain control of a domain -- often without its rightful owner knowing -- by replying to an email sent by the registrar to approve the transfer of the website to the hacker's account.
When that happens, most victims contact the company where they bought their domain name, assuming the registrar can quickly get it back. But that’s not always the case.
Known for its sexually charged Super Bowl ads, GoDaddy is the world’s largest registrar. It boasts of having the widest selection of domain names and mostly sells them for between $10 and $50 a year.
But in the fine print, GoDaddy’s terms of service state that customers are “solely responsible” for keeping their websites secure and the company is not liable for loss due to fraud.
When websites are stolen, GoDaddy spokesman Nick Fuller said the company “does everything in our power to help our customers recover their domain names.”
“GoDaddy has a knowledgeable and experienced team dedicated to handling these situations,” Fuller said in an email. “We employ every avenue available to us in order to return hijacked or disputed domain names.”
GoDaddy said the company’s policies -- such as waiting two months before transferring a domain to someone else -- have protected many customers from thieves who falsely claim their domains were stolen. “In reality, the supposed ‘victim’ in such cases is often really a thief attempting to socially engineer our staff,” Fuller said.
Fuller said the company also offers two-step authentication, which requires customers to enter a pin code sent to their phones when they log in to their accounts. The security feature is supposed to make it harder for hackers to steal domains because they must also have access to their victims' phones.
Lee said he does not remember GoDaddy offering him the added security feature, and he assumed that he could trust the company to protect his website from hackers.
“The case is pretty clear,” Lee wrote in an email to GoDaddy after he lost MLA.com. “I’ve owned the domain since 1997. I parked [it] with GoDaddy for two years. Someone hacked my account and now it is gone. Your job is to bring it back to where it was.”
But Fuller, the GoDaddy spokesman, said the company can only go so far when a customer's website is stolen because GoDaddy must follow rules created by ICANN. Fuller said GoDaddy could not return MLA.com to Lee because someone had transferred it to Internet.bs, a lesser-known registrar based in the Bahamas, and Internet.bs refused to transfer it back to GoDaddy.
“We have little recourse in this type of situation, and cannot ‘force’ a gaining registrar to return a domain,” Fuller said.
In an emailed statement, Patty Miller, an Internet.bs representative, said the company could not determine the rightful owner of MLA.com because it was allegedly stolen while managed by another registrar and was transferred legally to Internet.bs. Miller said the company was willing to cooperate with any investigation into the matter, but so far the alleged theft of MLA.com “remains unsubstantiated.”
“Our own investigations into the matter have been concluded,” Miller said. “We urge Mr. Lee to pursue his complaint through the proper legal channels.”
In April, Lee’s attorney, Stevan Lieberman, filed a lawsuit, asking a judge to return MLA.com to him. The case is still pending.
Lee’s graphic design and advertising company has four full-time employees and more than 20 clients, including the credit card company Discover. He said it took eight months to build his business back to where it was before his domain name was stolen. He now runs the company from michaellee.com, which he calls “a longer, less-attractive” domain. Visitors to MLA.com are greeted with a default web page that suggests the site’s new owner hasn’t decided what to do with it.
Lee said the episode has been a painful lesson in how easily someone can steal a domain and “totally upset your personal and business life.”
“You have to start over after having spent years building something up. It just kind of wipes you out.”
- Michael Lee, the former owner of MLA.com
“You have to start over after having spent years building something up,” he said. “It just kind of wipes you out.”
If a registrar like GoDaddy can’t help, domain theft victims have little other recourse. They rarely win lawsuits because courts in most states have ruled that website names are only contracts between customers and domain registrars and victims can’t sue to get them back. California and Nebraska are just two of a few states where the courts treat domain names as physical property and allow victims to file lawsuits to recover them, according to Askin, the professor at Brooklyn Law School.
Albert Angel convinced prosecutors to charge the hacker
who stole his domain name, P2P.com.
Local police don’t provide much help either because they don’t know how to handle such cases, according to Albert Angel, a former Justice Department lawyer. Angel bought the website P2P.com for $160,000 in July 2005 as an investment, but it was stolen from him a year later. He reported the theft to Miami-Dade police, who sent an officer to his door.
“I told the officer that our domain had been stolen. He scratched his head and said, ‘OK, what’s a domain?’”
- Former Justice Department lawyer Albert Angel
“I told the officer that our domain had been stolen,” Angel said in an interview. “He scratched his head and said, ‘OK, what’s a domain?’”
Angel filed a lawsuit against the thief in New Jersey, where Angel believed that he was living, and gathered enough evidence to convince prosecutors there to pursue a criminal case. They charged Daniel Goncalves, a 25-year-old computer technician living in New Jersey, with stealing P2P.com by hacking Angel’s email account. Goncalves later sold the website for $111,000 to Mark Madsen, a professional basketball player who last played for the Los Angeles Clippers and has also bought and sold domain names.
Madsen was unaware the domain was stolen and later gave P2P.com back to Angel, who has since turned the address into a website that matches people in need of loans with lenders. In 2011, Goncalves pleaded guilty and was sentenced to five years in prison in what is believed to be the only criminal conviction for domain theft.
Legal experts and victims have offered several solutions that, if implemented, could help domain theft victims. They argue that Congress should pass legislation that creates a way for them to get their stolen websites back. ICANN could also change its policies to hold registrars like GoDaddy more accountable when domain names are stolen, they say.
For victims who struggle to reclaim their stolen websites, one blogger has emerged as an unlikely source of help. The blogger, who asked that his name not be used because he feared reprisal from hackers, works as a website designer by day and spends his free time publishing a blog about the domain industry called domaingang.com .
DomainGang.com, run by an anonymous blogger, publishes news on the domain industry. The blogger reported that MLA.com appeared to have been stolen.
In an interview, he said he scours online forums for domain names that appear to be stolen because they are advertised for much less money than they are likely worth. He writes about such cases on his blog and notifies the rightful owners.
“I’ll call them up and say ‘Are you aware that your domain name is up for sale?’ They’ll say, ‘No, I had no idea,’” he said.
The blogger said he wants to help others navigate the confusing, stressful process of recovering a stolen domain because he was once a victim of domain theft himself. A decade ago, hackers found a security hole in the company where he registered a website and stole his domain “just because they could,” he said.
“I don’t want these people to lose their property,” he said. “It’s a big headache for a small business owner who has to go through all these hoops to figure out what’s going on, and then they get resistance from their registrars.”
Jordan Reid was forced to negotiate with a hacker to get
her domain name back.
Jordan Reid, a popular lifestyle blogger who writes under a pseudonym, said she was met with such resistance when her website, RamshackleGlam.com , was stolen. She took a less-traveled route to get it back: negotiating with the hacker.
In April, Reid learned that a hacker stole her blog name and tried to sell it for $30,000 on Flippa.com, a marketplace for buying and selling websites. The hacker promised the winning bidder all of Reid’s traffic, files, and data, and said she was available to continue writing posts “for hire.”
Reid said she spent 12 hours a day for the next three days on the phone with HostMonster, where she registered the website name, and GoDaddy, where the hacker had transferred it into a private account. Neither company could return her domain.
So Reid decided to deal with the hacker directly. After they agreed on a price, which she said was less than $30,000, Reid wired the money to the hacker through an account with Escrow.com, a third-party money-transfer website.
Three days after her domain had been stolen, her website was released back to her. But the hacker never got the money. Reid said she quickly placed a stop on the payment, and eventually got the money back in a check from Escrow.com five months later. She also filed a complaint with the FBI, which is still investigating. In a blog post about the ordeal , she said she was “absolutely blown away” by the FBI’s quick response.
But Reid is still surprised that she was forced to take matters into her own hands.
“I think it’s pretty extraordinary that the only recourse I had was to interact with a criminal and pay him off,” Reid said in an interview. “That was the only thing I could do.”
More:

Singareni Collieries CompanyCoal India's plans for 20 mines hit by environment delays
Jul 24, 2014 at 20:54 | Source: Reuters
Coal and Power Minister Piyush Goyal told parliament the projects, costing more than Rs 200 million (USD 3 million), "could not be started due to constraints of land acquisition and environmental clearance".
Smaller, nimbler rival shows way for monolith Coal India
Jun 16, 2014 at 08:54 | Source: Reuters
Some experts say India needs more small and nimbler companies like Singareni, rather than monoliths like Coal India, to narrow its crippling supply shortfall - forecast to more than double to 350 million tonnes by 2016-17.
Coal demand for power projects to rise to 567 mn tonne: CEA
May 15, 2014 at 20:13 | Source: PTI
Plants designed to use domestic coal may require 527 million tonnes of coal while those using imported coal need an estimated 40 million tonnes, according to the latest Central Electricity Authority figures.
Gujarat NRE Australia subsidiary re-commences coal production at Russel Vale
Jan 16, 2013 at 13:57 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Gujarat NRE Coking Coal, Australia subsidiary of Gujarat NRE Coke, has announced that coal production has re-commenced from the next longwall panel at the NRE No 1 Colliery at Russel Vale. The company had been waiting for Ministerial Approval for the extraction of Longwall 5.
Coal production from CIL, SCCL at 280MT till Nov this fisc
Dec 06, 2012 at 16:00 | Source: PTI
Coal production from Coal India (CIL) and Singareni Collieries Company Ltd (SCCL) in the first eight months of this fiscal (till November 21) stood at 280 million tonnes, clocking 7 per cent growth over the same period last fiscal.
CRISIL assigns fundamental grade of 'SME 5/5' to Thejo Engg
Oct 10, 2012 at 18:04 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
CRISIL Research has assigned a CRISIL SME IER fundamental grade of SME 5/5 to Thejo Engineering Ltd (Thejo). The grade indicates that the companys fundamentals are excellent relative to other SMEs in India.
Should you subscribe to Thejo Engineering IPO?
Sep 05, 2012 at 16:00 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
In August 2012, by way of Pre-IPO placement, shares were allotted to SIDBI Venture Capital at a price of Rs 337.63 by Thejo Engineering. Considering the market conditions, the IPO price band (402-430) indeed looks very steep.
Coal India would meet production target of FY13: Jaiswal
Jun 13, 2012 at 17:01 | Source: PTI
Buoyed by the performance in April-May, the government today expressed hope that Coal India would meet its production target of 464 million tonnes for 2012-13 fiscal.
SCCL produces 239 million tons of coal in 11th plan
Mar 31, 2012 at 23:00 | Source: PTI
State-owned Singareni Collieries Company Limited (SCCL) today said it produced 239 million tonne of coal during the 11th plan period ending today against the target of 221 million tonnes.
BHEL wins Rs 4071 crore contract to set up power plant
Oct 10, 2011 at 14:07 | Source: PTI
State-owned BHEL today said it has bagged over Rs 4,000 crore contract for setting up a thermal power plant in Andhra Pradesh from Singareni Collieries Company.
Coal India's plans for 20 mines hit by environment delays
Jul 24, 2014 at 20:54 | Source: Reuters
Coal and Power Minister Piyush Goyal told parliament the projects, costing more than Rs 200 million (USD 3 million), "could not be started due to constraints of land acquisition and environmental clearance".
Smaller, nimbler rival shows way for monolith Coal India
Jun 16, 2014 at 08:54 | Source: Reuters
Some experts say India needs more small and nimbler companies like Singareni, rather than monoliths like Coal India, to narrow its crippling supply shortfall - forecast to more than double to 350 million tonnes by 2016-17.
Coal demand for power projects to rise to 567 mn tonne: CEA
May 15, 2014 at 20:13 | Source: PTI
Plants designed to use domestic coal may require 527 million tonnes of coal while those using imported coal need an estimated 40 million tonnes, according to the latest Central Electricity Authority figures.
Gujarat NRE Australia subsidiary re-commences coal production at Russel Vale
Jan 16, 2013 at 13:57 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Gujarat NRE Coking Coal, Australia subsidiary of Gujarat NRE Coke, has announced that coal production has re-commenced from the next longwall panel at the NRE No 1 Colliery at Russel Vale. The company had been waiting for Ministerial Approval for the extraction of Longwall 5.
Coal production from CIL, SCCL at 280MT till Nov this fisc
Dec 06, 2012 at 16:00 | Source: PTI
Coal production from Coal India (CIL) and Singareni Collieries Company Ltd (SCCL) in the first eight months of this fiscal (till November 21) stood at 280 million tonnes, clocking 7 per cent growth over the same period last fiscal.
CRISIL assigns fundamental grade of 'SME 5/5' to Thejo Engg
Oct 10, 2012 at 18:04 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
CRISIL Research has assigned a CRISIL SME IER fundamental grade of SME 5/5 to Thejo Engineering Ltd (Thejo). The grade indicates that the companys fundamentals are excellent relative to other SMEs in India.
Should you subscribe to Thejo Engineering IPO?
Sep 05, 2012 at 16:00 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
In August 2012, by way of Pre-IPO placement, shares were allotted to SIDBI Venture Capital at a price of Rs 337.63 by Thejo Engineering. Considering the market conditions, the IPO price band (402-430) indeed looks very steep.
Coal India would meet production target of FY13: Jaiswal
Jun 13, 2012 at 17:01 | Source: PTI
Buoyed by the performance in April-May, the government today expressed hope that Coal India would meet its production target of 464 million tonnes for 2012-13 fiscal.
SCCL produces 239 million tons of coal in 11th plan
Mar 31, 2012 at 23:00 | Source: PTI
State-owned Singareni Collieries Company Limited (SCCL) today said it produced 239 million tonne of coal during the 11th plan period ending today against the target of 221 million tonnes.
BHEL bags order worth Rs 4071cr; stock gains 2.3%
Oct 10, 2011 at 12:34 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Bharat Heavy Electricals (BHEL) has bagged order worth Rs 4071 cr from Singareni Collieries, reports CNBC-TV18, quoting NewsWire18. It touched an intraday high of Rs 332.20 and an intraday low of Rs 325. At 12:33 hrs the share was quoting at Rs 331.40, up Rs 7.50, or 2.32%.
Videos »

Death Toll From GM Ignition Switches Now at 23All the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Oh  The Places You ll Godin  -- Seth Godin on Pushing Beyond Fear to Be a Social EntrepreneurWeekend Roundup: Is China Outpacing Mexico on the Rule of Law?
Getty/WorldPost Illustration
On the same day this week that President Obama announced a measure that could give legal protection to 5 million undocumented immigrants, massive protests raged across Mexico against the impunity and corruption that led to the horrific massacre of 43 students. From Mexico City, Sergio Sarmiento, Elena Poniatowska and Homero Aridjis chronicle the events and ponder what's next. Anthropologist Claudio Lomnitz examines the causes behind Mexico's corrosive impunity.   Meanwhile, as Xin Chunying writes from Beijing, China is also seeking to establish the rule of law through steadily boosting the role of the National People's Congress. While stifling dissent, China's President Xi is taking on both "tigers and flies" in his no-holds-barred assault from the top down on corruption.   Can China's effort succeed without active public engagement? Can Mexico learn from China and move from angry protest to systemic change? (continued)

MP: 2-year-old girl dies after being banged on floor by fatherComments
A man brutally killed his two-year-old daughter by repeatedly banging her on the floor. Her only crime was that she was a girl while her father, Mukesh Jatav, wanted a boy. The victim, Kusum, has an elder sister.
Sources said the incident occurred on Sunday night at Talen village, Rajgarh district. In a poignant twist, Kusum's mother Sangeeta did not realise that her daughter had died. Thinking that she was unconscious, she along with other family members, brought her to Shujalpur hospital only to be told that Kusum was dead.
Sangeeta demanded that her husband should be hanged for his crime. She told the police that her husband, Mukesh, wanted a son and there were recurring fights between them after Sangeeta gave birth to their second girl, Kusum. On Sunday night, the couple argued again and Mukesh locked Sangeeta in a room and killed Kusum.
Talen police station head constable Narayan Singh said the family members have accused Mukesh of killing the girl. A case of murder has been registered against Mukesh. He is absconding.

Following Backlash  U.S. Forest Service Says Media Won t Need Permits To Shoot On Federal Landreddit
After the U.S. Forest Service's announcement earlier this month that photographers may be required to get a permit to shoot on federal wild lands, the backlash was swift. First Amendment advocates expressed concern that the policy could impinge upon press freedoms and the rights of journalists, bloggers and individual photographers. "It's pretty clearly unconstitutional," Gregg Leslie, legal defense director at the Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press, told The Oregonian after reports emerged that people could be fined up to $1,000 for taking photographs on federal wild lands without a permit. "They would have to show an important need to justify these limits, and they just can't."
It seems the adverse public reaction to these restrictions has made an impact. On Thursday, the agency said that it had heard the concerns of the public and would make changes to their policy to ensure that it does not violate First Amendment rights.
Tom Tidwell, chief of the Forest Service, told The Washington Post specifically that the restrictions wouldn't impact the media at all . “Based on the feedback we’ve made so far, we’ll make changes to make sure this doesn’t apply to news gathering,” he said.
Previously, The Oregonian reported that the Forest Service would require reporters to apply for permits, except for breaking news coverage of events like fires and rescues. Concerns were then raised that these restrictions could be abused so that only select news outlets or journalists covering positive stories would be given permits.
But Tidwell asserted Thursday that this would not be the case. “The fact is, the directive pertains to commercial photography and filming only -- if you’re there to gather news or take recreational photographs, no permit would be required . We take your First Amendment rights very seriously,” he said in a written statement. “We’re looking forward to talking with journalists and concerned citizens to help allay some of the concerns we’ve been hearing and clarify what’s covered by this proposed directive.”
According to the Forest Service, individual professional and amateur photographers will generally "not need a permit unless they use models, actors or props." Commercial filming that involves groups of more than two people, on the other hand, will require permitting. A group of up to three people would likely pay around $30 for a permit, the agency said, while a large crew of 70 or more people might need to shell out around $800.
Still, though the Forest Service has clarified who they intend to target with these restrictions, it's not yet clear what exactly constitutes a "commercial" shoot, especially those that may involve a small number of people. Questions may also be raised about the broader issue of ownership of public lands and how access to them is regulated. "We own the forests," commented one Oregonian reader on Friday. "[The Forest Service is] just supposed to be managing them for us!"
The Forest Service says that restrictions on photography and videography have been in place on a temporary basis for four years, but they are now looking to make them permanent. These restrictions are meant to ensure that the 36 million acres of federal wild lands are kept pristine and to prevent them from being exploited for commercial gain, the agency says.
Members of the public have been encouraged by the agency to comment on this directive online . The deadline for public comment is Dec. 3.
Also on HuffPost:

Prime Minister Narendra Modi talks business with industry leaders who make US tickPrime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday said India would like the US withdrawal from Afghanistan to proceed “very slow” so as to not repeat an Iraq-like mistake.
  
Play Pause
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and external affairs minister Sushma Swaraj with people from Indian community during a dinner hosted by the Indian Ambassador to the US, in New York. (PTI ...
Prime Minister Narendra Modi interacts with US lawmakers before his address during a reception organised in his honour by the Indian American Community Foundation at Madison Square Garden in New ...
Prime Minister Narendra Modi greeted with a garland by Member of House of Representatives Tulsi Gabbard during a meeting in New York. (PTI Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi during a breakfast meeting with CEOs in New York, US. (PTI Photo)
Narendra Modi with PepsiCo's Indian American chairman and CEO Indra Nooyi, , Indra Nooyi  after a breakfast meeting in New York, US. (PTI Photo)
PM Narendra Modi with Ginni Rometty, Chairman and CEO of IBM, during their meeting in New York. (Reuters)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi addressing at the Council on Foreign Relations in New York. (PTI Photo)
Former US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton embraces external affairs minister Sushma Swaraj as former US president Bill Clinton shakes hands with Prime Minister Narendra Modi in New York. (Reuters)
“A mistake like Iraq should not be committed,” the prime minister said at a think tank, citing the consequences of rapid withdrawal of US forces from that country.
Afghanistan, he said, should at the end of the withdrawal process be in a position to sustain itself and prevent the Taliban from returning. “The process of withdrawal must be very slow.”
Read: Narendra Modi woos top US executives with promise of being ‘open-minded’
To a question about the need for outside arbitration to resolve Indian’s border dispute with China, the prime minister said the two countries were capable of dealing with it on their own. And that there is hope the dispute will be resolved soon.
Earlier in the day, some of the world’s most powerful business leaders streamed in and out of a Manhattan hotel to hear Modi re-sell them an investment destination given up for dead lately.

Chinese  Brazilian names lead decline in ADR marketWall St. ends at records on central bank action
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
NASDAQ Financial Markets European Central Bank NYSE Euronext, Inc. Mario Draghi GameStop Corp.
By Ryan Vlastelica
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks closed higher on Friday, with major indexes notching a fifth straight weekly advance after China's central bank cut its benchmark interest rate and its euro zone peer announced asset purchases in efforts to boost each region's economy.
The gains were broad on a day when both the Dow and S&P 500 ended at closing records. All ten primary S&P 500 industry sectors ended the day higher, while 63 percent of stocks traded on the New York Stock Exchange closed in positive territory. About 50 percent of Nasdaq-listed names were higher on the day.
The People's Bank of China said it was cutting one-year benchmark lending rates for the first time in more than two years.
The move came after European Central Bank head Mario Draghi said "excessively low" inflation had to be raised quickly by whatever means necessary, rekindling expectations the ECB will move to stimulate the euro zone economy. The ECB said it started buying asset-backed securities to encourage banks to lend and revive the economy.
"It isn't the size of the moves but the shock value of the direction that is really lifting markets today," said Mark Luschini, chief investment strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott in Philadelphia, which manages about $67 billion in assets. "This is a one-two punch for global growth."
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 88.94 points, or 0.5 percent, to 17,807.94, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 10.7 points, or 0.52 percent, to 2,063.45 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.10 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,712.97.
Both the Dow and S&P ended at records. For the week, the Dow rose 1 percent, the S&P added 1.2 percent and the Nasdaq rose 0.5 percent. It was the fifth straight weekly advance for all three.
Gains in the Nasdaq were limited by declines in large-cap tech companies. Microsoft Corp  fell 1.5 percent to $47.97 while Netflix Inc  slid 2.1 percent to $360.28.
GameStop Corp  sank 13 percent to $37.86 a day after the video game retailer posted quarterly revenue and earnings well below expectations. The stock was the biggest decliner on the S&P 500.
The benchmark index's biggest gainers were Ross Stores  and Autodesk Inc , both of which rallied after results late Thursday. Ross jumped 7.3 percent to $89.27 while Autodesk was up 6.1 percent to $61.95.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 2,029 to 1,039, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 1,461 issues rose and 1,286 fell, for a 1.14-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 96 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 111 new highs and 44 new lows.
About 6.5 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data, above the month-to-date average of 6.35 billion.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Brooklyn Nine-Nines funny  tough critique of bad policingBy Alyssa Rosenberg September 29 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
Andy Samberg, Joe Lo Truglio and Stephanie Beatriz in “Brooklyn Nine-Nine.” (Credit: Eddy Chen/FOX)
Fox’s sophomore cop comedy “Brooklyn Nine-Nine” has always been something of a risky proposition: can crime be funny, even when it is being investigated by “Saturday Night Live” veteran Andy Samberg, playing Detective Jake Peralta? Can the NYPD specifically be funny, especially in the hangover of its experiment with stop-and-frisk?
The freshman season seemed to indicate that the show’s risks would pay off. But after a summer of protest in Ferguson, Mo., the idea of treating policing lightly seemed more than a little queasy all over again.
Fortunately, the second-season premiere, which aired Sunday night, suggested that “Brooklyn Nine-Nine” has survived, with its critique of what pop culture thinks makes a good cop intact and sharper than ever. Just as “Parks and Recreation,” the other show from “Brooklyn Nine-Nine” co-creator Michael Schur, has waged a sustained argument for faith in government, “Brooklyn Nine-Nine” returned, ready to poke holes in the idea that the only way to be a good cop is to be a violent, overbearing one.
“Brooklyn Nine-Nine” strikes a fine balance with Jake Peralta’s ambitions to crash through doors and brandish guns like an action hero. The show treats them like the joke that they are, but rather than making Jake a bumbler or a thug, “Brooklyn Nine-Nine” keeps nudging him back to being the good, decent cop that it — and he — knows he can be.
When he gets tasked to an undercover assignment infiltrating a mafia family, the crooks turn out to be the kind of guys who sing “Piano Man” at karaoke and are really into weddings, rather than violent psychopaths who demand a hail of bullets in response. Jake’s undercover identity is as much a joke on mafia movies as it is a commentary on actual policing. “As a former detective, I know a thing or two about life sentences. And Angie, Marco, you just got slapped with the best life sentence there is: marriage,” Jake toasts at a celebration that is a cheap knockoff of the opening scene from “The Godfather.” “Make us proud! Have a son!”
And when Jake does have to spring into action, chasing down the one mafiosi who did not get caught up in the sting at the wedding, his craziest ideas are punchlines, not opportunities for “Brooklyn Nine-Nine” to indulge in fantasies that violence is the most effective form of policing. It is hilarious watching Jake’s most dramatic plans crumble when he tails the perp to the airport, only to find out that the guy is on his way out of New York.
“Jake Peralta. NYPD. I need you to shoot down that plane,” he tells a man working the tarmac. “I can’t do that,” the airport employee tells him, explaining that the suspect caught an earlier flight. “I need to commandeer a plane,” Jake says, scaling down his expectations. “What’s the easiest one for a complete beginner to fly?”
Jake is no Barney Fife . His dreams of being a tough, effective cop are not cover for complete incompetence. Instead, they are a negotiation between what is fun and what is really effective, and a highly amusing one at that.
And “Brooklyn Nine-Nine” balances Jake’s journey to compromise with his colleagues’ discovery that having a good time does not have to compromise the performance of their jobs. Last season, Detective Amy Santiago (Melissa Fumero) proved that she could actually get more done with computer research than by violently shaking down perps. But in last night’s episode, she found her own version of fun on the job.
When Capt. Ray Holt (Andre Braugher) ordered the squad to go through a number of simulations to test how they would deal with different visitors to the station, all played by Sgt. Terry Jeffords (Terry Crews) — including an Angry Prostitute, an Unattended Backpack and a Confused Old Woman — Amy was initially irritated that she was being put through her paces for no apparent reason. So when Terry showed up pretending to be a lost 7-year-old, she decided to tweak Holt by hiring a bouncy castle on the grounds that it would wear out a real little kid while they waited for his parents to make it down to the station.
It turns out that showing off what a man you are through indiscriminate and unaccountable use of force is not the only way to enjoy being a cop, and certainly not the only way to be good at it. “Brooklyn Nine-Nine” may be a cupcake of a show compared with hard-boiled alternatives like “True Detective” that play with the cultural conventions of policing. But there are ball bearings hidden beneath that frosting.
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

Bank of America Paying $7.65M to Resolve InquiryAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Stock Shock: Hong Kong Unrest Rattles Marketsstock shock: hong kong unrest rattles markets
Do you remember these pictures of Ranbir KapoorCelebrity
Rare photos of Ranbir Kapoor
Ranbir Kapoor turns a year older today, and we take a look back at the highlights of this hearthrob
The Kapoor's
Yahoo India Movies | Photo by AFP
Mon 29 Sep, 2014 2:30 PM IST

Flipkart s discount campaign  not linked to  Jeff Bezos  visitTiming of Flipkart's discount campaign, Bezos' visit, a coincidence
Itika Sharma Punit | Bangalore Sep 30, 2014 12:47 AM IST
India's e-commerce poster boy Flipkart, set off a ripple of speculation last week when it erected billboards across Bangalore, especially the freeway from the international airport to the city, launching its 'Big Billion Day', just ahead of competitor Amazon's Founder and Chief Executive Jeff Bezos' visit. While several observers believed the campaign was triggered by Bezos' visit, the Bangalore-based company has its own reasons for the timing.
The date, October 6, has been inspired by the apartment number where Flipkart's co-founders, Sachin Bansal and Binny Bansal, began their journey in 2007.
According to sources within the company, media reports pitching the ad campaign against Bezos' visit invited wrath on the marketing team from senior management. "The marketing team was asked how they could miss such an important factor, and how could they make such a slip?" a source who did not wish to be named said.
The 'Big Billion Day', will see Flipkart run deep discounts across 70 categories. Items on the website will be available at "unprecedented discounts". Among other things, Flipkart is planning flash sales and deals of the hour, and lucky draws every hour. Additionally, Flipkart might make its 'Big Billion Day' an annual affair, the source said.
"Preparations for this campaign had started at least two months ago, and no one was even aware of Bezos' visit then," an Flipkart executive who did not wish to be named said. "It is the festival season and the campaign has been timed accordingly. People are making it out to be something it is not."
"It is not a cola war, like many are making it out to be," the executive added. "Nothing we do is planned to counter what anyone else is doing. There is no cola war in the e-commerce space as yet."
Amazon, however, has taken a step towards intensifying the advertising war. The company on Monday retorted with ads in several newspapers, stating that the American retailer believed in "dhamaka" (sensational) sales every day rather than on any specific day.

Pricey petrol: Do you need itlThe Google invasion
Many drivers go their entire lives without learning even the most basic car maintenance, and they get around just fine. But even motorists who are blithely ignorant to the forces that carry them down the road can appreciate a good tip, as well as some clarity around habits that have worn out their welcome.
Surveying the question and answer community at Quora.com , BBC Autos compiled the most thoughtful responses to long-held suppositions about cars and how to treat them. So leave the tire changes to AAA, and heed these simple rules of thumb.
Your engine doesn't need to warm up anymore
When the mercury falls, motorists are conditioned to allow their vehicles’ engines to run for a few minutes before setting out on the road. But unless you're just trying to heat the cabin, modern engines are typically ready to go once awakened.
"In older cars, carburetted engines absolutely need a warm-up because they are designed with a constant air-fuel ratio,” Quora user Garrick Saito , wrote. “If the engine was not warm enough, older engines would tend to stall." But fuel injectors and the engine control unit (ECU) have made things much simpler for drivers.
In the 1980s, car manufacturers moved away from carburettors to fuel-injection systems, and more recently have adopted direct-injection solutions that spray gasoline precisely into cylinders, right where it is needed. When paired with the ECU, most engines so equipped run fine straight away, no warming required. Saito added that with their sophisticated ECUs, newer cars "are able to change the settings to the required ratio, based on ambient air temperature."
And don't fuss over warming up the oil, either. Though oil flows better when warmed, it reaches optimum temperature sooner when the car is in motion – just don't drag race right out of the gates.
‘Premium’ does not equal ‘better’
The engines of high-performance vehicles may require it, but for the vast majority of cars on the road, premium gasoline does not keep an engine cleaner, yield improved fuel economy or unlock dormant horsepower when compared to lower-octane formulations.
"In reality, unless the car is specifically designed for premium fuel (as some high-performance cars are), this is simply a waste of money,” Quora user JG McLean said, adding that most grades of gas available in the developed world “contain the proper additives and detergents to keep the engine clean."
And McLean is right. Lower-grade fuels have the requisite agents to keep engines and fuel lines free of particulate build-up. Performance cars generally achieve better response from their engines with higher-octane fuel, but most cars reap no benefit.
Scrap old tires, even if the tread is good
You may have heard about the penny test: the one in which a penny is placed upside down in a tire's tread to gauge the tire’s worthiness. If you can see the top of the figure’s head, it’s time to replace the tire, right? But what if the tread appears good, but the tire is old?
Saurav Salil suggests replacing tires after five or six years. "The rubber will start to crumble after this point, and the tire won't be as reliable as when it was new," Salil wrote.
While the US National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA), the body charged with issuing safety recommendations to the automotive industry, makes no note about the perils of crumbling tires, it does cite recommended replacement cycles of six to 10 years from most vehicle and tire manufacturers. Even the spare tire should not be spared, NHTSA notes.
Pumping the brakes is useless – except for when it’s not
What is the best way to regain control when tires lose contact with the road surface, such as when a car hydroplanes? There are a few legitimate responses, but one time-worn approach can be all but ruled out.
Quora user Carol Frome recommends tapping the brakes "if you find yourself skidding on ice or hydroplaning on water. Never slam them on." Indeed, slamming brakes could send a car off its line of travel. But light brake pressure, as Frome recommends, is a relatively recent remedy. In the past, brake application would have been an ill-advised course of action.
Before anti-lock braking systems (ABS), drivers might have lifted on and off the brake pedal, in a pumping motion, to keep the brake drums from seizing up. But with ABS, the car does the pumping for you, and does it much faster and more effectively. If your car has ABS – and most cars built within the last 15-20 years are so equipped – then light brake application combined with calm steering are enough to rescue a car. Without ABS, a motorist’s best way to regain contact with the road is by steering out of the skid (that is, in the direction of the skid), without touching the brake pedal. (Watch this video for a demonstration of self-rescue from a skid.)
These habits and assumptions die hard. But with each technological breakthrough, the old, ingrained ways sink further into the back seat, where they belong.
If you would like to comment on this story or anything else you have seen on BBC Autos, head over to our  Facebook  page or message us on Twitter .

Bhupinder Singh HoodaBJP may probe DLF-Vadra deal in Haryana; stock crashes 8%
Oct 27, 2014 at 10:57 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Earlier in July, Bhupinder Singh Hooda (former CM) government had legalised the controversial land deal between Vadra owned company Skylight Hospitality and DLF.
Maharashtra, Haryana Polls: Counting of votes on Sunday
Oct 18, 2014 at 14:13 | Source: PTI
The vote counting for the 288-member Maharashtra Assembly and 90-member Haryana Assembly will start at 8 AM in the two states which went to polls on October 15.
Modi seeks probe into Vadra-DLF deal
Oct 17, 2014 at 08:12 | Source: CNBC-TV18
DLF and Sonia Gandhis son Robert Vadra find themselves in the middle of a war of words between the Prime Minister and the Haryana Chief Minister, Bhupinder Singh Hooda of the Congress party.
Assembly polls: What India Inc expects from new state govts
Oct 15, 2014 at 11:04 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Some of the most influential voices from India Inc list down their expectations from the new state governments as they cast their vote today.
Moderate to brisk polling in Maha, Haryana
Oct 15, 2014 at 10:46 | Source: PTI
4,119 candidates are in the electoral fray, including to 276 women in the state with 8.35 crore voters eligible to exercise their right to franchise.
Haryana Assembly polls: Battle for 90 seats begin
Oct 15, 2014 at 09:52 | Source: PTI
Over 1.63 crore voters, including 87.37 lakh women, 88,662 service voters and 12 NRI voters, are expected to decide the fate of 1,351 candidates, including 116 women, a figure revised by the election officials last night from earlier 109.
EC gets report on Haryana govt's nod to Vadra-DLF land
Oct 08, 2014 at 11:51 | Source: PTI
EC will ascertain whether the deal was cleared during period when the model code is in force in assembly poll-bound Haryana and whether it constitutes model code violation.
EC should probe Hooda govt's nod to Vadra land deal: Modi
Oct 06, 2014 at 13:33 | Source: PTI
"They (Hooda government) know that after the elections, the son-in-law (Vadra) will not get any clearances for illegal deals. So, in between the election process, they have dared to take such a decision," Modi said at an election rally here.
EC must probe Hooda govt's consent to Vadra land deal: Modi
Oct 06, 2014 at 13:06 | Source: PTI
"They (Hooda government) know that after the elections, the son-in-law (Vadra) will not get any clearances for illegal deals. So, in between the election process, they have dared to take such a decision," Modi said at an election rally.
REIL Electricals India: Updates on delisting offer
Sep 30, 2014 at 16:01 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
This public announcement is being issued by Mr. Bhupinder Singh Sahney, Ms. Brijween Kaur Sahney, Ms. Jasmine Sahney Pillai, Ms. Anjana Thakker, Ms. Ambita Sahney, Ms. Deepika Sahney, and Bhupinder Investment Co. Private Limited in respect of the proposed acquisition and voluntary delisting of the equity shares of REIL Electricals India.
BJP may probe DLF-Vadra deal in Haryana; stock crashes 8%
Oct 27, 2014 at 10:57 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Earlier in July, Bhupinder Singh Hooda (former CM) government had legalised the controversial land deal between Vadra owned company Skylight Hospitality and DLF.
Maharashtra, Haryana Polls: Counting of votes on Sunday
Oct 18, 2014 at 14:13 | Source: PTI
The vote counting for the 288-member Maharashtra Assembly and 90-member Haryana Assembly will start at 8 AM in the two states which went to polls on October 15.
Modi seeks probe into Vadra-DLF deal
Oct 17, 2014 at 08:12 | Source: CNBC-TV18
DLF and Sonia Gandhis son Robert Vadra find themselves in the middle of a war of words between the Prime Minister and the Haryana Chief Minister, Bhupinder Singh Hooda of the Congress party.
Haryana Assembly polls: Battle for 90 seats begin
Oct 15, 2014 at 09:52 | Source: PTI
Over 1.63 crore voters, including 87.37 lakh women, 88,662 service voters and 12 NRI voters, are expected to decide the fate of 1,351 candidates, including 116 women, a figure revised by the election officials last night from earlier 109.
Assembly polls: What India Inc expects from new state govts
Oct 15, 2014 at 11:04 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Some of the most influential voices from India Inc list down their expectations from the new state governments as they cast their vote today.
Moderate to brisk polling in Maha, Haryana
Oct 15, 2014 at 10:46 | Source: PTI
4,119 candidates are in the electoral fray, including to 276 women in the state with 8.35 crore voters eligible to exercise their right to franchise.
EC gets report on Haryana govt's nod to Vadra-DLF land
Oct 08, 2014 at 11:51 | Source: PTI
EC will ascertain whether the deal was cleared during period when the model code is in force in assembly poll-bound Haryana and whether it constitutes model code violation.
EC must probe Hooda govt's consent to Vadra land deal: Modi
Oct 06, 2014 at 13:06 | Source: PTI
"They (Hooda government) know that after the elections, the son-in-law (Vadra) will not get any clearances for illegal deals. So, in between the election process, they have dared to take such a decision," Modi said at an election rally.
EC should probe Hooda govt's nod to Vadra land deal: Modi
Oct 06, 2014 at 13:33 | Source: PTI
"They (Hooda government) know that after the elections, the son-in-law (Vadra) will not get any clearances for illegal deals. So, in between the election process, they have dared to take such a decision," Modi said at an election rally here.
Hooda rebuffs charge on land deals, says BJP in for shock
Sep 29, 2014 at 17:10 | Source: PTI
Hooda, who is hoping to win assembly elections for the third time, also took on the Centre over the demand for substantial raise in Minimum Support Prices of paddy and wheat that has not found favour with the Narendra Modi government.
Videos »

Air India to withdraw performance payE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Naidu goes all out in pursuing Microsoft for a centre in VisakhapatnamE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Merkel has a duty to stop Draghis meddlingLast updated: October 1, 2014 2:28 pm
Merkel has a duty to stop Draghi’s illegal fiscal meddling
By Hans-Werner Sinn
The ECB is overstepping its mandate with anti-deflationary measures, writes Hans-Werner Sinn
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/09b1d31c-47c8-11e4-ac9f-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Next UK election carries a winners curseSeptember 29, 2014 5:04 pm
Britain’s next election carries a fiendish winner’s curse
By Janan Ganesh
Cameron’s duty is to run a country, not wet-nurse a few mewling intransigents in his party
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/00627680-4594-11e4-9b71-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Billionaire  Bond King   Erotic Sneezing Enthusiast  Quits Job Just Ahead Of Firingreddit
Bill Gross speaks during an alumni event hosted by UCLA Anderson School of Management in Beverly Hills Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg via Getty Images
One of the most powerful, and definitely the most eccentric, bond traders on the planet was moments away from being fired before announcing his resignation on Friday.
Bill Gross -- a billionaire money manager and infamous author of at least one cat obituary and a rapturous ode to the orgasmic pleasures of sneezing -- reportedly knew he was about to be fired from Pimco, the firm he co-founded and helped turn into the world's biggest manager of bond mutual funds.
Instead of taking severance and quietly walking away, Gross, known to some fanboys as the "bond king," resigned .
The New York Times reports that firm insiders were fed up with Gross's increasingly odd behavior.
In June, Gross appeared at a run-of-the-mill (read: boring) investor conference wearing sunglasses and wielding Justin Bieber analogies. That prompted one Wall Street Journal reporter to tweet:
Something weird is going on with Bill Gross
— Scott Patterson (@pattersonscott) June 19, 2014
Five Pimco executives threatened to quit if Gross didn't leave, CNBC reported on Friday.
In a statement, Pimco CEO Douglas Hodge said: “While we are grateful for everything Bill contributed to building our firm and delivering value to PIMCO’s clients, over the course of this year it became increasingly clear that the firm’s leadership and Bill have fundamental differences about how to take PIMCO forward.”
Gross, who helped grow Pimco into a fund that manages around $2 TRILLION dollars, announced that he would be moving on to Janus Capital, a much smaller investment firm (with less than $200 billion under management) based in Denver.
"At Janus, in a new Newport Beach office, a simpler yet still intense career lies ahead of me," Gross said in a statement .
The King had a rough year in 2014. His colleague, Mohamed El-Erian, resigned from his perch as Pimco CEO in January. The following month The Wall Street Journal published a bombshell story detailing tension between El-Erian and Gross, who were reportedly fighting with each other in front of other employees.
"I'm tired of cleaning up your s___," El-Erian reportedly told Gross, according to the WSJ report. Just this week, El-Erian revealed that part of the reason he left his powerful post was to spend more time with his daughter.
Also, Gross's cat Bob died .
Gross penned a loving ode to Bob -- but he put it in an April investor note , which some thought odd. Though, to be fair, he did consult with his cat on money matters:
"I often asked her about her recommendations for pet food stocks, and she frequently responded – one meow for “no,” two meows for a “you bet.” She was less certain about interest rates, but then it never hurt to ask," Gross wrote in in the note, simply titled, "Bob."
Gross also confessed to Pimco investors his illicit love of sneezing: "A sneeze is, to be candid, sort of half erotic, a release of pressure that feels oh so good either before or just after the Achoo!"
The news broke this week that the Securities and Exchange Commission was investigating whether Gross's firm had artificially inflated returns on a fund. Pimco told the WSJ it was cooperating with that probe.
Making matters worse, Pimco's returns have lagged the competition this year , and investors have been pulling out their money for months .
To be honest, Gross might seem perfectly sane to those outside the buttoned-up world of bond managers (well, to me, anyway): Writing about the undeniable pleasure of sneezing, or about how he doesn't own a cell phone because of how they are soul-crushing, seems not unreasonable.
But in the world of money management, I guess they snuffle sneezes in tissues and sob quietly into smartphones.
Correction: An earlier version of this story said Janus had less than $200 million under management. The correct figure is less than $200 billion.
More:

How concrete has cemented its place in home designSeptember 26, 2014 3:12 pm
How concrete has cemented its place in home design
By Kate Watson-Smyth
Designers are using the material more prominently and building on the foundations of the Modernist movement
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9ec70b2c-3f38-11e4-984b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Going beyond Machu Picchu to Kuelap  the fortress of northern PeruSeptember 26, 2014 5:34 pm
Kuelap, fortress of northern Peru
By Mike Carter
Forget Machu Picchu – a region little-visited by tourists has some of the greatest archaeological treasures in the Americas
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/39652156-3e70-11e4-a620-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

U.S. Economy Grew 4.6 Percent In Second Quarterreddit
The U.S. economy grew at a rate of 4.6 percent in the second quarter, according to gross domestic product numbers released Friday morning by the Bureau of Economic Analysis.
It represents the fastest rate of growth since the last three months of 2011 as companies increased investments and households spent more, Bloomberg reported.
The figure, up from 2.5 percent growth in the same period last year, was revised up from a previous estimate of 4.2 percent in August.
Spending on personal consumption increased 2.5 percent in the second quarter, up from 1.2 percent in the first. Durable goods, such as cars, homes and electronics jumped 14.1 percent, compared with an increase of 3.2 percent in the last quarter. Consumable goods, such as food and water, remained flat at 2.2 percent.
The outlier was services -- such as gym memberships or daycare -- which increased 0.9 percent, down from 1.3 percent in the first quarter.
More:

The author tells Robert Shrimsley why he misses his pre-internet brainShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Douglas Coupland – our brains rewired
Sep 26, 2014 : Canadian author and FT columnist Douglas Coupland talks to FT.com managing editor Robert Shrimsley about his new book ‘Kitten Clone: Inside Alcatel-Lucent’ and how the internet is rewiring our brains.
Links:  Douglas Coupland's FT columns  /  Credits: Studio filmed by Rod Fitzgerald and Petros Gioumpasis. Produced by Josh de la Mare. Stills courtesy of Byron Dauncey, Olivia Arthur/Magnum and Reuters.

Book Review: Markets over MaoSeptember 28, 2014 3:44 pm
A looser grip for Beijing’s heavy hand
Review by Henny Sender
In ‘Markets Over Mao’, Nicholas Lardy assesses the rise of private business in China
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c901183e-44be-11e4-bce8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

FT Baseline: Premier predictionsAbout this blog
Blog guide
Welcome. FT data is a collaborative effort from journalists across the FT working in data journalism, statistics and data visualisation.
We aim to look at statistical issues in depth and provide original analysis of data. Occasionally we’ll also post guest contributions. Get in touch at ftdata@ft.com

Inside Business: TescoHow hapless haggling caused Tesco’s headaches
By Jonathan Ford
For all their brute size, supermarkets are simple creatures, writes Jonathan Ford
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b355ccc2-4703-11e4-8c50-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

EU to revisit money market fund reformsEU to revisit money market fund reforms
Steve Johnson
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4f3d91bc-4590-11e4-9b71-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Do executive pay metrics skew prioritiesTesco fiasco fuels fears executive pay metrics can skew priorities
Steve Johnson
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ba51eade-4306-11e4-9a58-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Alibaba pays $459 million for stake in Chinese hotel tech companyE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Hero  Honda hike product pricesHero, Honda hike product prices
Swaraj Baggonkar | Mumbai Sep 30, 2014 12:44 AM IST
Hero MotoCorp and Honda Motorcycle and Scooter India (HMSI), India’s largest and second-largest two-wheeler makers, respectively, have simultaneously raised the price of their products in the run-up to the festive season.
Hero MotoCorp increased prices in the Rs 250-550 range with effect from
September 22 on some products, except for its top-selling scooter, Maestro. The Delhi-based company attributed the price rise to rising input and transportation costs.
“We have raised the prices of some of our models by Rs 250-550. This has been done to partially to recover input costs and offset the cascading effect of the consistently-rising diesel costs, which have impacted costs of in-bound and out-bound logistics, power generation and overall transportation,” said a senior Hero MotoCorp official.
HMSI followed with a raise of up to Rs 450. However, prices of volume-driving scooters such as Activa, Dio and Aviator have been changed in the band of Rs 100-200.
Thus, HMSI increased prices of motorcycles such as Shine, Unicorn, Trigger and the Dream series with effect from September 22. Motorcycles generate half of the company’s sales, while Activa, India’s top-selling scooter, constitutes two-third of HMSI’s domestic scooter sales. While the company did not elaborate, sources say the increase in input costs and freight costs led to the increase in prices.  The rise was brought into effect during the shradh period during which generally Hindus avoid new product purchases. Other two-wheeler makers like Pune-based Bajaj Auto, Chennai-based TVS Motors and Delhi-based Yamaha have so far not raised product prices.
Bajaj Auto, the country's third largest two-wheeler maker, which added a new Discover powered by a 150cc engine recently said it will not hike prices at least till Dussera. "We have not increased prices. No plan to do so till Dussera", said Eric Vas, President, (motorcycle business), Bajaj Auto.
Two-wheeler sales during the nine day Hindu festival of Navratri that began on September 25 has been 'encouraging' say dealers. A Mumbai-based dealer of Hero MotoCorp stated that 'barring a few models demand for products has been very good'.

Cost of U.S. airstrikes against the Islamic State closing in on $1 billionBy Dan Lamothe September 29 Follow @danlamothe
A U.S. Air Force F-15E Strike Eagle flies over northern Iraq after conducting airstrikes in Syria. (Senior Airman Matthew Bruch/U.S. Air Force via AFP/Getty Images)
The United States has likely spent between $780 million and $930 million in its military campaign against the Islamic State militant group so far, and it will likely cost between $200 million and $320 million per month going forward if conducted with about 2,000 U.S. service members on the ground, according to a new report published Monday.
Those costs would grow to between $350 million and $570 million per month if the pace of the airstrikes increases and 5,000 U.S. troops are deployed, according to the report, released by the independent Center for Strategic and Budgetary Assessments in Washington. On an annual basis, lower-intensity air operations could cost $2.4 billion to $3.8 billion per year, the report said. The annual cost would jump to between $4.2 billion and $6.8 billion if the pace of airstrikes increases and is sustained.
The report was released after the United States reported completing about 220 airstrikes in Iraq since Aug. 8, and about 40 more in Syria since they began there early Sept. 23 On Monday, the U.S. military announced that along with partner nations, it had launched eight airstrikes in Syria. Separately, the United States carried out three airstrikes in Iraq.
In addition to the airstrikes, the U.S. Navy also has launched at least 47 Tomahawk cruise missiles, which each cost more than $1 million, into Syria. Most of those were aimed at targets affiliated with the Khorasan Group, which U.S. officials say is affiliated with al-Qaeda and which was was planning “imminent” attacks against the United States and other Western nations.
Airstrikes have been conducted thus far by fighter jets, “attack aircraft” like the AC-130 gunship, drones and the B-1B bomber. At this point, the Air Force, Navy and Marine Corps all have played a hand. There are believed to be more than 1,000 U.S. service members on the ground — many of them Special Operations troops — and the U.S. is preparing to deploy a 500-soldier headquarters to Iraq from the U.S. Army’s 1st Infantry Division, of Fort Riley, Kan.
CSBA released this graphic illustrating various costs associated with the fight:
This graphic, released by the independent Center for Strategic and Budgetary Assessments, illustrates various costs associated with the U.S. fight against the Islamic State militant group. (Graphic released by CSBA)
The United States is starting to see help it didn’t have previously in the fight against the Islamic State. Partner Arab nations have been carrying out airstrikes in Syria with U.S. oversight, and France, Britain and other nations have recently pledged support for the campaign in Iraq or have already joined it. Nevertheless, here are three scenarios laid out by CSBA analysts for the future:
A continue air campaign of similar scope: $200 million to $320 million per month
The United States was carrying out about 60 air sorties per day to conduct surveillance over Iraq before it expanded operations into Syria, meaning even more are likely needed now. As time progresses, it’s likely that the amount of airstrikes the U.S.-led coalition carries out will dwindle, but the aerial intelligence gathering will continue. There are currently about 1,600 U.S. service members deployed in Iraq as part of the mission, which will likely grow to about 2,000 personnel once the 1st Infantry Division headquarters arrives in Baghdad and Irbil, the city in Iraq’s Kurdish region where the United States has a large presence.
A larger air campaign: $350 million to $570 million per month
This assumes two things: the United States bumping up its campaign to about 120 surveillance flights and 150 airstrikes monthly, while expanding its presence on the ground to about 5,000 service members.
“Boots on the ground”: $1.1 billion to $1.8 billion per month
This scenario has been ruled out by President Obama . It assumes an even larger air campaign, with 150 surveillance flights and 200 targets hit monthly in Iraq and Syria. It also assumes 25,000 U.S. service members on the ground in Iraq and Syria, as some have advocated . About 80 percent of the cost with scenario would come from sustaining the ground forces.
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

US Stocks Slip Following Drops OverseasAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Respect the Bump Gets Results as Well as Respectreddit
Girshriela Green got involved the day someone called saying he wanted to make a change at Walmart - the corporation that had left her seriously injured from overwork and seriously underpaid. "I was sitting at home in a neck brace," she said, "going, how did I land here - I was a model employee, I exceeded all expectations, and I'm sitting here broken."
When she returned to work, Girshriela needed light duty because she was still recovering from the injury and because she was pregnant. She had trouble getting accommodations and began to hear from other women who were afraid to tell their manager they were pregnant. "Shouldn't nobody be scared to tell someone you're starting a family," says Girshriela. "That's a beautiful thing."
She and a few other Walmart workers started a private facebook group that led to a house meeting in Texas. Chrissy Creech organized the gathering after her manager kept saying she'd have to wait for a bathroom break. On many occasions the pregnant Chrissy held her water for hours, until the day she started bleeding - and then she quit.
Chrissy's mother was at that house party. She reached over and touched her daughter's stomach. "They need to respect this bump," she said. The group got its name.
More and more women began sharing their stories. When Tiffany Beroid posted her account of being forced to take an unpaid leave because Walmart wouldn't accommodate her doctor's suggestion that she stay off her feet, the post got 900 likes. The group kept growing.
Working with attorneys at the National Women's Law Center and A Better Balance, Respect the Bump scored some victories for individual workers. Group members were among Walmart workers who rallied at shareholders' meetings. They submitted a shareholders proposal to change the pregnancy policy - and Walmart quickly made changes to forestall a public debate at the meeting. Management announced it would accommodate those "disabled" as a result of pregnancy.
But that didn't help Thelma Moore in Chatham, IL. After working at the Chatham store for 10 days, a pregnant Thelma was shopping and had two TVs fall on her. She needed time to recuperate to prevent a miscarriage and heal from her injuries, but her manager said she had to come back to work. Thelma filed a lawsuit; shortly afterwards, she was fired.
So Respect the Bump decided to show up in person at her store. A couple dozen members, several of them pregnant, many with their babies or toddlers in tow, joined Thelma September 24 at the Chatham store along with clergy and other allies to demand Thelma's job back. The group launched a social media storm to get 200 calls into Walmart to investigate what happened to Thelma and fix it.
One of the protesters was Bene't Holmes. After being denied light duty at the same store, Bene't miscarried in her fourth month. She became a Respect the Bump leader and was recognized by President Obama at the White House as a Champion for Change.
Another was Jasmine Dixon, an overnight stocker in Commerce City, Colorado. Although she brought in numerous notes from her doctor saying Jasmine needed to be on the day shift, management would not accommodate her. Instead, they tried to terminate her for having "too many absences." "We're still going back and forth over it," she said.
"I'm here to stand up for myself and other pregnant women, all over the world," Thelma told the other Respect the Bump members as they met the day before the action. What she and the others are asking for is staggeringly simple. They want Walmart to live up to its new policy, but also to improve it. All pregnant women aren't disabled but they all could use a bottle of water at the register, a couple extra bathroom breaks, a stool to sit on from time to time, a more reasonable lifting policy. And they want decent pay and working conditions like paid sick days for all Walmart employees.
These Walmart workers are part of a surge of low-wage worker organizing. Their hashtags tell it all: #wearehere. #WEmatter.
They want to make sure pregnancy doesn't cost a single worker her pay or her job, not to mention her unborn child. And they will not be stopped.
Follow Ellen Bravo on Twitter: www.twitter.com/FmlyValuesWork
More:

Haters  lose $925M on 5 despised stocksEMAIL
Getty
Short-sellers — investors that make money when stocks they hate fall — are supposed to outsmart the rest of us. But a handful of stocks are making these investors look pretty dumb this year.
There are five stocks in the Standard & Poor’s 500, including telecom Frontier Communications (FTR) , energy play First Solar (FSLR) and health care firm Quest Diagnostics (DGX) that are up 10% or more this year despite being the consistently most hated stocks by short-sellers, according to a USA TODAY review of data from S&P Capital IQ and Bespoke Investment Group.
These five stocks were among the most-shorted stocks at the start of 2014 — and remain among the most shorted as of Sept. 15, says Bespoke Investment Group. In other words, these are stocks that short-sellers have hated all yea r — and are paying the price as a result. All told, the shorts have lost an estimated $925 million on just these five stocks — based on the number of shares that where being bet against at the beginning of the year.
Frontier Communication is the shorts’ hated stock that continues to cost them a bundle. The stock, a provider of telecom services mostly in rural areas, had short interest that was nearly 20% of its tradeable shares (or float) at the start of the year. And 15% of shares are still being shorted.
Even so, the stock has rocketed 37% this year — handing over an estimated $332 million loss to the shorts. Shares closed Friday at $6.35 apiece, up from $4.65 at the start of the year.The stock is rallying despite the fact the company missed earnings estimates in the second quarter by 17% and profit is seen falling 17% this year.
Chart source: MSN Money
Next up in the hated stocks giving the haters heartbreaks is alternative energy leader First Solar. Going into the year, nearly 14% of the floated shares were being shorted. And at the last count, 12% of shares are shorted.
But the stock has rallied in the doubters’ faces by 24% this year, creating an estimated $135 million loss based on the number of shares bet against at the beginning of the year. Shares closed Friday at $67.97, up from $54.64 at the beginning of the year. This stock is also a case of stock holding up despite fundamentals that don’t look great. The company missed second quarter earnings forecasts by 88% and earnings this year are seen falling 40%.
Chart source: MSN Money
Below are the S&P 500 stocks that were among the most shorted at the start of the year — and are still among the most shorted — that have rallied 10% or more this year:
Company

WI-FI Tracking: When Sniffing Becomes Snoopingreddit
Imagine that your daily activities are being recorded and collected: your early morning jog in the park, your daily trip to the local coffee shop, your commute to work. No, I am not talking about the NSA here. I am referencing an emerging class of location-based marketing companies that rely on a cell phone's Wi-Fi signal and a sensor to track customer habits so they can better market and sell to them. These companies call the technology location-based marketing -- we call it Wi-Fi Sniffing.
Here is how it works. Your Wi-Fi enabled phone continuously sends out pings searching for Wi-Fi networks. This feature lets your phone automatically connect with familiar networks, like your home or work network, when they come into range. Some location-based marketing companies are taking advantage of this feature and are contracting with companies to install Wi-Fi sniffers throughout their stores. These Wi-Fi sniffers are able to pick up and record the unique ping a phone sends out when searching for a Wi-Fi network and use that information to track a customer through an area and build a profile around their shopping habits. For example, a profile can tell a storeowner how long a customer has waited in line, what areas of the store they visit and how long they stay in each area.
As Wi-Fi sniffers are installed in more retail stores and other types of locations like gyms and restaurants, a more accurate profile can be built around an individual. Marketing companies could conceivably know things like how often you go out to eat, how often you go to the gym, what you typically do after you visit the gym or more worrisome how often you visit a doctor or private counselor. The possibilities for tracking an individual with Wi-Fi sniffers are only limited by the number of sniffers out there and whether or not a person has their Wi-Fi enabled.
As the location-based marketing industry grows, it is natural that privacy concerns arise. The Wi-Fi ping your phone sends out does not hold any descriptive information about you. However, this changes when you connect with a store's Wi-Fi network. For example, if you connect with a store's Wi-Fi network and log in to Facebook, that store could collect data about you including name, gender and age via the social network. These tactics are eerily similar to how cyber criminals collect personal information to exploit their victims.
If Wi-Fi sniffing is causing your skin to crawl, you're not alone. There are a number of initiatives and pieces of legislation being developed to protect consumer privacy against Wi-Fi sniffing. For example the Location Privacy Protection Act would require companies to obtain permission from consumers before collecting location data from their phones.
If you want to take a more proactive stance to protect yourself against Wi-Fi sniffing, there are a couple of simple things you can do. The easiest is to turn off your Wi-Fi when you are not at home or at work. If your phone isn't searching for Wi-Fi signals, then Wi-Fi sniffers won't be able to track you. The second thing you should do is visit smartstoreprivacy.org and register for their Mobile Location Analytics Opt-out. Some of the major location-based marketing companies have agreed to honor individuals opting out and not track them in store.
The practice of Wi-Fi Sniffing is something we expect to see more of in the coming years. It will be interesting to see how legal and ethical privacy issues develop around this practice and whether companies and consumers will find a balance between honoring privacy and the benefits associated with knowing what a consumer wants.
Follow Joe Ross on Twitter: www.twitter.com/@CSIdentity
More:

Prisons Are Adopting The Walmart Business Modelreddit
The nation's biggest and baddest for-profit prison company suddenly cares about halfway houses -- so much so that they want in on the action.
About a year after acquiring a smaller firm that operates halfway houses and other community corrections facilities, Corrections Corporation of America (CCA) CEO Damon Hininger announced a few weeks ago that "[r]eentry programs and reducing recidivism are 100 percent aligned with our business model."
Wait, what?
High recidivism rates mean more people behind bars, and CCA depends on more and more incarceration to make its billions. Since when do they actually want people to do well after they get out, instead of being sucked back into the system?
It's tempting to be hopeful. Is this a long-overdue acknowledgment that it's morally bankrupt to make money off of imprisoning human beings? Is the nation's largest for-profit prison company really admitting that mass incarceration has destroyed too many communities and that locking fewer people behind bars is a good thing?
Come on. It's CCA . We can't afford to be naïve. The motivation behind this announcement is where it always is for CCA: the bottom line.
If you read Hininger's speech carefully, he hints at a long-term corporate strategy that could eventually become even more lucrative than CCA's prison business: The Walmartification of reentry.
Currently, post-prison reentry programs, such as halfway houses and day reporting centers, are largely run by local nonprofit organizations or, in some cases, smaller for-profit companies. Hininger notes the small, local nature of reentry services in his speech -- and then claims that CCA can use its size and resources to "provide consistency and common standards" in different facilities, rapidly make new arrangements with multiple agencies "on an as-needed basis," and "scale" (i.e, grow rapidly). These claims -- bigger, faster, cheaper -- echo those often made by Walmart supporters to explain why the company is superior to local businesses.
CCA's plan to become the Walmart of reentry may be good for its investors, but it should alarm the rest of us. First, the for-profit prison industry's history of abuse, neglect, and mismanagement raises serious questions about what kinds of abuses would occur if we hand over control of even more elements of our criminal justice system to CCA and similar profit-driven companies. Second, CCA fights aggressively to shield its operations from public scrutiny -- even though incarceration and rehabilitation are some of the government responsibilities where transparency and accountability are most important.
At their best, halfway houses and day reporting centers can provide much-needed support, psychological help, educational services, and substance abuse treatment during a difficult period of transition between full-scale incarceration and post-sentence release to the community. But at their worst , they can fester with violence and sexual abuse as well as fail to address the serious needs of the people in their care. Given CCA's track record, we should be worried that vital reentry services are under threat.
No matter how much CCA executives protest that reducing recividism is "100 percent aligned" with the company's business model, an inherent conflict exists between CCA's duty to enrich its shareholders and this asserted commitment to successful rehabilitation: The company can keep increasing its profits only by ensuring an ever-greater flow of human beings into the criminal justice system. That flow is maintained by the same bad policies that fuel our national mass incarceration epidemic: the War on Drugs, extreme sentencing practices, and systemic failures to address problems like mental illness, substance abuse disorders, and homelessness outside of the criminal justice system.
For the past four decades, our country has relentlessly expanded the size of our criminal justice system, allowing companies like CCA to reap tremendous profits out of human misery. But the ACLU is committed to ending this colossal waste of lives and taxpayer dollars -- and in the process, defeating CCA's plan for the Walmart-ification of reentry.

Steel groups seek to hold carmaker lineAluminium threatens steel’s dominance of the car industry
By Robert Wright in Calvert, Alabama
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7c671aac-4372-11e4-be3f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Toyota Recalls 690 000 Pickups to Fix Rear SpringsAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Ripple effect of flight delays from Chicago expected to last till Oct. 13By Mark Berman September 29 Follow @markberman
The Federal Aviation Administration will review its security in the wake of a fire last week at a facility near Chicago, the agency announced Monday morning. And even as air traffic has slowly increased at the city’s two airports — both among the busiest in the country — significant cancellations were still plaguing travelers.
On Friday, a contractor at a radar facility in Aurora, Ill., set fire to a telecommunications room and attempted suicide, according to the FAA. The center was evacuated early in the morning and a ground stop was issued for flights in the area and flights bound for Chicago, eventually leading to thousands of cancellations Friday.
In the days that have followed, this incident continued to wreak havoc on air travel in the region. More than 770 flights through Chicago were canceled  Saturday and an additional 800 flights were canceled  Sunday, according to the flight-tracking site FlightAware .
The misery continued  Monday, with more than 400 flights to O’Hare International Airport canceled by noon.
Teams in Chicago are working around the clock to install new equipment at the air traffic control site where a fire was set last week. (Reuters)
“I do understand the traveling public’s frustrations with flight delays and cancellations,” Michael P. Huerta, the FAA administrator, said in a speech Monday morning. “The air transportation system is vital to our economy and people rely on it to function 24 hours a day, seven days a week. I want to make sure that we have the most robust contingency plans possible.”
This review, which will take 30 days, will encompass the way security is managed at facilities, said Huerta, who was speaking to the annual Air Traffic Control Association conference outside of Washington, D.C. It will also cover the ways air traffic control operations can be resumed “as quickly as possible,” he said.
O’Hare is the second-busiest airport in the country, seeing more than 32 million passengers in 2012, according to the U.S. Department of Transportation. (It trails only Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International, a hub-city that had 45 million passengers that year.) Midway International Airport had more than 9.4 million travelers that year.
Trapped at O’hare overnight. Lots of time to explore! pic.twitter.com/8xI3ZZBXiC
— Connor J.E. (@KidConnor) September 27, 2014
A major problem in Chicago — or at a similarly highly-trafficked area like Atlanta or New York – can reverberate across the rest of the national system, impacting passengers who can miss connecting flights and planes that were scheduled to continue to additional destinations.
Brian Howard of Naperville, Ill., was charged with setting the fire and interfering with the operation of an air navigation facility, according to a criminal complaint filed by the FBI. Howard, who had been a contract worker there for eight years, was found inside the basement trying to kill himself, the complaint said. (This incident has raised old questions about the screening process involving employees and contractors who work for government facilities.)
The fire was set at a radar facility focusing on higher altitudes. After the fire, the FAA shifted the work done by the Illinois facility to radar centers in Cleveland, Indianapolis, Kansas City and Minneapolis. These centers worked with other facilities in Illinois, Indiana and Wisconsin to track and manage flights traveling through the altitudes normally watched by the Aurora center.
“This is one of the most challenging situations that air traffic controllers and other FAA employees have faced since 9/11,” Paul Rinaldi, president of the National Air Traffic Controllers Association, said in a statement. “The damage to this critical facility is unlike anything we have seen before.”
Due to damage from the fire, the communications network at the Aurora facility will be completely replaced in another part of the building. But the FAA said it will take until Oct. 13 for the radar facility to be at full service. Replacement equipment for the Aurora facility began arriving Sunday night and will continue arriving this week.
Even after flights resumed through Chicago, they did so at a reduced rate. On Friday, the FAA handled just 40 percent of the average traffic at O’Hare and 30 percent at Midway. By Sunday, air traffic controllers were able to manage about 60 percent of the usual traffic at O’Hare and more than 75 percent at Midway, officials said.
[UPDATE] O’Hare had seen more than 80 percent of its average Monday traffic by noon, Midway saw more than 90 percent of its average traffic, the FAA said.
 
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He runs Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.

To Supreme Court  with anger  pain andshameHow logically valid is the legal judgment reached by the three honourable and learned SC justices? The short answer: not very, because the judgment, in my not so learned opinion, is flawed on several important dimensions.
Written by Surjit S Bhalla | Posted: September 30, 2014 12:20 am
A rose by any other name is still a rose; an illogical act by any other name is still an illogical act.
The recent decision of the Supreme Court to deliver coal black justice raises a lot of questions. The judgment, very simply, is as follows. The SC has ruled that 214 of the 218 coal block allocations made since 1993 were arbitrary and illegal and hence, are cancelled; those who operated these cancelled mines over the last 20 years will now have to pay a fine of Rs 295 per metric tonne. Estimates are that to date, about 302 million metric tonnes (mmt) of coal has been produced by these bad and illegal operators and therefore, about Rs 8,900 crore is owed to the government.
How logically valid is the legal judgment reached by the three honourable and learned SC justices? The short answer: not very, because the judgment, in my not so learned opinion, is flawed on several important dimensions.
At a seminar on “Financing for Economic Growth” held at Gandhinagar on September 25, I opened my remarks by stating that it was a waste of time by the organisers to invite me and other experts to discuss economic issues. Over the last few years, it has become increasingly clear that the real experts on food policy, human rights and coal policy (to name a few) reside neither in the corridors of academia nor in the corridors walked by professionals, bureaucrats or politicians. The real decision-makers are those engaged with the law, so why not learn about optimal, fair and legal policy by inviting the SC to send its representatives? I hope the organisers will take this serious suggestion seriously.
In anger
Some basic questions with regard to the judgment. This is the mother of all retrospective laws — to go all the way back to 1993 takes a lot of confidence and leaps of law. Does India have no statute of limitations? How far back can one go? The court states, citing a bad law (the Coal Mines Nationalisation Amendment Act 1976, or the CMNA) that the provision of a mining lease to any institution that is not “Central government, Central government company or Central government corporation” is illegal. This despite the fact that in 1993, the CMNA was amended to allow for sub-leases to be granted if two conditions are satisfied: “(i) the reserves of coal in the area are in isolated small pockets or are not sufficient for scientific and economical development in a coordinated and integrated manner, continued…
What legal basis is there for deciding that all coal allocations since 1993 are illegal? If the illegality was of such a magnitude, then how is it possible that no one noticed it for 20 long years? If these actions were illegal, what about the ministers and senior bureaucrats who okayed this decision? What is the punishment for them?

Kerala child kept in kennel by principal aspunishmentDog was said to have been removed from the kennel before child was locked in.
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: September 30, 2014 12:02 am
The police arrested the principal of a private school on Monday following a complaint that a UKG student was kept in a dog kennel as punishment for talking to a classmate.
While the alleged incident took place at a school on the outskirts of the city last Thursday, a complaint was filed only on Monday. Police arrested the principal of the school which has been functioning in a shed within the premises of a house. The student’s class teacher, who allegedly put the boy in the kennel, is absconding. The dog was reportedly taken out of the kennel and the child locked inside.
Police said the principal was charged under IPC Sections 317 (exposure and abandoning of a child by a person having care of it), 342 (wrongful confinement) and Juvenile Justice (care and protection of child) Act.
The child’s father said his son was locked up in the kennel from morning to evening. His elder daughter, studying in an upper primary class at the same school, saw the boy locked in the kennel when she went to the toilet. She took up the matter with the principal, who allegedly threatened the girl with consequences if she informed her parents.
The family said the child was not given anything to eat and was released only in the afternoon. The incident came to light after his sister took the matter up with a relative who informed the parents, following which they filed a complaint. The boy said it was his teacher who locked him up. The education department revealed that the school did not have government recognition.
However, a school official has said that the case was fabricated and no such incident occurred. He alleged that certain vested groups were behind the complaint and the boy was tutored to raise charges against the school.
Outraged by the incident, people marched towards the school in protest as education and social welfare departments launched separate probes.
Opposition leader V S Achuthanandan demanded the class teacher and principal be booked under a non-bailable charge for the inhumane act.

ExMaruti exec Pareek to drive Tata Motors passenger vehiclesExMaruti exec Pareek to drive Tata Motors passenger vehicles
eBay to invest in companies tie up with retailers for growtheBay to invest in companies tie up with retailers for growth
Huawei ties up with Flipkart to sell first 4G Honor phone onlineHuawei ties up with Flipkart to sell first 4G Honor phone online
Roll over FMPs only if you don t need cashRoll over FMPs only if you don't need cash
Neha Pandey Deoras | Mumbai Sep 29, 2014 10:06 PM IST
Akhil Mittal, senior fund manager of Tata Asset Management says that investors whose investments in fixed maturity plans (FMPs) are nearing maturity are shifting to other products, especially hybrid or balanced funds, instead of rolling over the FMP. Fund managers are seeing investors move to both debt and equity oriented hybrid funds.
Reason: "The major issue for investors is the sudden change in tax treatment of FMPs. They are not comfortable staying locked-in for three years (incrementally another two years, post roll-over). At the same time, equity markets have been doing well for some months now giving investors the comfort to invest. Plus, there is no long-term capital gains tax on equities after one year," says Mittal.
Fund houses have been asking investors to roll over their money in FMPs. They believe that if one has stayed invested for 15-18 months, it only makes sense to stay invested for the remaining three years as the tax blow will be substantially reduce the maturity corpus.
"We need to take into account the macro economic factors. There are no two ways about the fact that the interest rates will come down. Just that, nobody knows when will it happen. Today the interest rates are at the peak and hence it makes sense to lock in your money at a higher yield if you have a long term investment horizon (of two to three years). Hence, rolling over the FMP will make more sense," explains Killol Pandya, head - fixed income at LIC Nomura Mutual Fund.
Tax efficient investment planning should also be considered. This also makes way for rolling over the FMPs unless you need cash in the near future.
He adds that an open ended fund is recommended only for those who have shorter term investment horizon of 6 to 7 months. This is also because capital protection is of utmost importance when time in hand is less.
Certified financial planner Malhar Majumder feels otherwise. "Someone with a lower risk appetite would rather invest in a debt-oriented hybrid (open-ended) fund than stay locked-in. Reason: In 2012, most thought the interest rates have peaked and hence advised locking into to those rates. But, then the rates were increased and many lost money. Given markets cannot be timed, it is better to invest in open-ended funds," he says.
Additionally, by staying invested for three years there is no special exemption provided for staying locked-in in an FMP. Both FMPs and debt-oriented hybrid funds have identical tax treatment, where the indexation benefit kicks in after three years and short-term investments are taxed at slab rate. Besides both invest in similar maturity bonds. And if interest rates move up, an investor of open-ended funds will have a window to escape.
Of course, if one can stomach equity related risk then equity-oriented balanced funds are a better bet both in terms of returns and tax efficiency.
Mittal has a more balanced view. The upside in FMP is capped when compared to a hybrid fund (as it has an equity component). And the economic conditions will see equities and duration funds do well going forward. To that extent staying put in FMP may not offer as high returns, he says. As staying invested for three years will be tax efficient and interest rates will also come down by then, both debt and equities will offer good returns over next 2-3 years.
According to Value Research, debt-oriented hybrid funds have given 24 (aggressive) to 16 (conservative) per cent in the last one year. And equity-oriented balanced funds have given 44%. FMPs have given between 8% and 11% in the same period.

Daniel Gros: The government Europe deservesDaniel Gros: The government Europe deserves?
Daniel Gros |  Sep 29, 2014 09:50 PM IST
With the final allocation of portfolios within its executive branch, the European Commission, the European Union (EU) has completed its change of guard. The process took almost four months, following the European Parliament election in late May, and the end result was inevitably based on a series of compromises - to be expected for an EU of 28 prickly nation-states. Indeed the proper functioning of EU institutions requires that no important constituency (left or right, East or West, and so forth) feels left out. And the new European Commission looks rather strong, given that more than 20 of its 28 members previously served as prime ministers, deputy prime ministers, or ministers. People who have held high political office at home find it worthwhile to come to Brussels.
But most attention has focused on the EU's three top positions: the president of the European Commission, the president of the European Council and the high representative for external affairs.
The commission's new president, Jean-Claude Juncker, was the first ever to be selected based on his faction's strong showing in the European Parliament election. As a seasoned Brussels insider, he was not one to move the crowds. But sometimes this can be an advantage. An insider knows best how to reconcile contrasting interests and how to get the institutional machinery moving again, as Mr Juncker showed with his deft handling of the distribution of tasks among the individual commissioners.
Selecting the president of the European Council required considerable time and horse-trading, with Polish Prime Minister Donald Tusk emerging as the final choice. But though Mr Tusk now has an important-sounding position, the European Council president decides nothing. The president mainly presides over the meetings of the EU's national leaders, and an incumbent's influence depends on his or her ability to set the agenda and facilitate compromises.
The experience of the previous incumbent, former Belgian prime minister Herman van Rompuy, in dealing with his own country's fractious coalitions proved very useful when he had to persuade national leaders to make decisions during the euro crisis. Mr Tusk will have to achieve something similar in the face of the new challenges confronting Europe today, which include Russian aggression in Ukraine, the rise of terrorism in West Asia, and a stagnant economy at home.
On the EU's most immediate challenge, posed by Russia, Mr Tusk will have to broker decisions with leaders from countries that feel immediately threatened (such as his own) and those for which economic ties with Russia outweigh any threat to European security, which they feel to be remote. On the economy, he must reconcile the priorities of full-employment Germany with those of Greece and Italy, which remain in the grip of recession and sky-high unemployment. Being able to converse directly with the council's members, mostly in English, might be the biggest immediate challenge, as he admitted immediately.
The appointment of the Italian foreign minister, Federica Mogherini, as high representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy has been widely questioned, owing to her limited executive experience in foreign policy. But since the de facto invasion of Ukraine in late August, her government has changed its position on Russia, and she has sought to convince many critics that she knows the problems facing Europe well (her university thesis, for example, was about political Islam).
But can she lead? Europe's foreign service, the European External Action Service (EEAS), is a huge bureaucracy, which must be managed well if it is to be effective. And though the head of the EEAS has been dubbed the "EU's foreign-policy chief", Ms Mogherini should be seen as its chief executive, with key decisions taken by the member states' leaders when they convene in the European Council. Her lack of managerial experience is, thus, her key weakness, and she will have to find a strong team to support her.
But there is at least one encouraging, if hidden, signal from Ms Mogherini's appointment: the fact that the European Central Bank President Mario Draghi is also an Italian was not an impediment. This implies that the ECB presidency is not counted among the posts to be distributed according to nationality quotas, and that Mr Draghi's nationality is not regarded as having influenced his decisions in any way.
Leaders of the EU's institutions have to be political entrepreneurs if they are to leave a mark on history. Their decision-making power is limited. But they can often frame the choices and broker coalitions to push the existing boundaries of European integration. None of the EU's top three new faces (Mr Juncker, Mr Tusk and Ms Mogherini) has a track record in this sense. Evidently, the national bosses like it that way.
The most sobering message from the appointment process is, thus, that the member states' leaders will not suffer anyone who might rock the boat and push integration forward. There will be little movement toward the "ever closer union" envisioned in the Treaty of Rome. That might come as a relief for those in the United Kingdom and elsewhere who fear domination by Brussels, but it can only dismay those who hope that, despite its sluggish economy and declining population, Europe can become a relevant global actor.
The writer is director of the Center for European Policy Studies
Copyright: Project Syndicate, 2014

STPI to set up IT facilitation centre in OdishaSTPI to set up IT facilitation centre in Odisha
UN mission congratulates new Afghan presidentUN mission congratulates new Afghan president
Menezes to review USL operationsMenezes to review USL operations
BS Reporter |  Sep 30, 2014 12:40 AM IST
In his first official visit after Diageo acquired 54 per cent stake for Rs 18,000 crore, Ivan Menezes, the India-born global chief executive officer of Diageo will review strategy of USL. He, along with few key global executive members of Diageo, are expected to be briefed on the three-year road map of how Diageo and United Spirits can leverage mutual strengths. According to information available, Menezes will be spending two days with the top brass of USL and the Executive Committee is expected to give the go-ahead for the integrated roll-out.

Asset quality stress going forward will be less than past years: Shyam SrinivasanNo direct exposure to any of the firms that were allotted coal blocks: Shyam Srinivasan
Somasroy Chakraborty | Kolkata Sep 30, 2014 12:49 AM IST
Federal Bank is one of the few lenders that have been able to improve the health of its assets in recent quarters, despite the uncertain macroeconomic environment. Shyam Srinivasan, its managing director and chief executive officer, remains confident of further improvement in credit quality, despite the Supreme Court verdict on coal block allocations, falling price of the yellow metal and loan exposure in grounded Kingfisher Airlines. In an interview with Somasroy Chakraborty, he elaborates on the bank’s strategy to mitigate asset quality stress. Edited excerpts:
Do you expect the credit quality of banks to deteriorate further, in the wake of the Supreme Court’s decision to cancel all but four coal block allocations? Will this affect the health of Federal Bank’s assets?
Everyone had been waiting for the verdict on coal block allocations. Now, a decisive decision has been taken and the court has given six months (to adopt a new coal block allocation policy). I believe the next few months will be crucial. Various initiatives will hopefully be taken to offset the impact of de-allocation of coal blocks. If no definitive plan is prepared, then there could be a problem. Overall, the verdict is bad news for the industry. But no one wants to sink an industry. Also, fortunately the price of imported coal is coming down. At Federal Bank, we are not too alarmed. We have no direct (loan) exposure in any of the companies that were allotted coal blocks. But we have to be cautious of the indirect bearing of this verdict on the market.
The small and medium enterprises (SME) segment has been one of the focus areas for Federal Bank. Do you expect the apex court’s verdict to affect some of your SME clients, who are suppliers and vendors to companies that were allocated coal blocks?
Our SME business is largely captive to our own market. Supply-chain financing is not a big business for us. We mostly finance SMEs in the services sector. I’m actually optimistic of the growth opportunities in the SME sector. The Prime Minister’s “Make in India” campaign has the potential to open the door of opportunities for the mid-market segment. Going forward, I expect asset quality stress will be less than what we have experienced in the last few years. The period ahead will be better for us.
Are you worried about the declining gold prices?
In March 2013, when gold prices crashed, we had taken a number of steps. Even at the height of the crisis, we did not suffer any loss in our gold loan portfolio. We have moderated the growth of this portfolio to 20-22 per cent. Now, gold loans are around 14 per cent of our overall credit portfolio, compared with 17-18 per cent earlier. Our loan-to-value ratio is around 70-72 per cent. Hence, we are not exposed to price volatility.
You have lent money to Kingfisher Airlines. Do you plan to declare the company a wilful defaulter?
We are examining different options. We have sent a notice to the company, asking them to explain why we should not declare them a wilful defaulter.
How do you plan to improve the asset quality of the bank? What is your outlook on credit growth?
We have taken some difficult decisions. For instance, we decided to go slow, as the environment was not conducive for growth. We had shed bulk credit to diversify our portfolio across segments and geographies. It is helping us to weather any excessive stress in one particular geography or industry. We are hoping for 18-20 per cent credit growth this financial year. The second half of a financial year is always better than the first half in terms of credit growth. SME and retail segments provide good opportunities. We will continue our focus on the mid-market segment. We will certainly not be a lead bank financing projects worth Rs 500 crore or more. That is not our business model.
Do you expect the Reserve Bank of India to keep policy rates unchanged next week?
We expect the (monetary policy) announcement will not have any significant change in interest rate. But there could be a revision in the SLR (statutory liquidity ratio). I don't believe that there is a scope for any significant change in lending rates of banks at this moment. Interest rate is not the issue, credit demand has to improve.

Chautala bahu seeks to become HaryanasdaughterNaina Chautala with voters in Dabwali. Source: Express
Written by Mukesh Bhardwaj | Chandigarh | Posted: September 30, 2014 12:42 am
Her husband serving a 10-year jail term, Naina Chautala has stepped into a role unfamiliar for women in the family. With folded hands, the family’s first woman politician is presenting herself before Dabwali’s voters as a daughter-in-law of the family who would like to be a daughter of the state.
But she appears also to see herself as something of a stopgap arrangement. “I am contesting in unusual circumstances. If my husband is released tomorrow and he wants to come back from here, I will vacate the seat for him. After all, I am fighting for him,” she tells The Indian Express from the cosntituency, last represented by her husband, Ajay Chautala.
Naina, 48, describes what she has been telling voters: “I came here as a daughter-in-law and served the family within my home. But these are not usual times. My husband is in jail, so is my father-in -law. The state framed them in a false case. Justice will be done but we cannot wait until then. I am seeking your mandate for the family. I will serve as a daughter of the state.”
She tells The Indian Express: “I belong to a political family and know how one pushes a public cause. I deserve a chance.”
In fact, Naina had campaigned during the last Lok Sabha elections for her son Dushyant, who won from Hisar. She is one of three members of the Chautala family seeking to retain its bastions. The last polls had seen O P Chautala elected from Uchana Kalan where he defeated Birender Singh, Ajay from Dabwali and O P Chautala’s younger son Abhay from Ellenabad. This election has Abhay back from his constituency and Dushyant from Uchana Kalan, while Naina will contest against Birender’s wife in Dabwali.
Much of Naina’s conversation centres around Ajay. “My husband would have done much more but I too will try to nurture the constituency as he would have wished.”
Naina hails from the village of Darauli in Adampur, the Lok Sabha constituency that is home to HJC chief Kuldeep Bishnoi. A graduate, Naina says that public life should come easy to her after having spent 14 years in a hostel. “I was head girl of the hostel and am used to public dealings. It was because of the family tradition that I kept away from public life but now that it is the need of the hour, I will do my job.”
Two other daughters-in-law contesting include Kiran Choudhry of the Bansi Lal family from Tosham and Renuka Bishnoi of the Bhajan Lal clan from Hansi. Neither is a first-timer.
I belong to a political family and know how one pushes a public cause. I deserve a chance

BJP  Sena will soften punches to keep post-poll optionsalivePrint
Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray.
Written by Pradeep R Kaushal , Liz Mathew | New Delhi | Posted: September 30, 2014 12:37 am | Updated: September 30, 2014 8:30 am
The Shiv Sena and the BJP have decided to hold fire after an initial round of attacks and counterattacks. With the election results uncertain, neither of the erstwhile partners wants to shut out the option of a post-poll alliance.
The BJP has directed its state unit and campaigners not to attack the Sena. The Sena, for its part, has told its leaders to keep their criticism of the BJP low-key.
READ:  BJP top gainer as rebels swell in number
The original BJP strategy was to target Uddhav Thackeray for his “arrogance that has broken the alliance” but the party now says its campaign will be focused on governance and development and a promise to return Maharashtra’s “self-esteem and identity”. BJP sources said the party is targeting 130 seats. “Our main target will the 15-year misrule of the Congress-NCP,”said Shrikant Sharma, BJP national secretary. “The Shiv Sena used to be an ally and we have broken up. We have decided to put it behind us and look ahead.”
After the split, Uddhav had attacked the BJP for snapping the 25-year-old alliance. Now, the Sena has resolved to showcase Uddhav as chief minister and market his vision document for seeking votes. “We don’t want to shift the focus away from Uddhavji’s leadership and Congress-NCP misrule to the problems in the Sena-BJP ties,” a source in the Sena told The Indian Express.
The Sena has also kept a channel open for reaching out to the MNS, sources said.
The high point of the Sena campaign will be a rally at Bandra-Kurla Complex on October 12, which Uddhav will address. The Sena will not, however, hold its customary Vijay Dashmi rally in the election season.
BJP leaders said even in urban constituencies, where the Sena and the BJP eye the same vote bank, party leaders have been asked to project the BJP as a party that has proved its governance skills in states it rules rather than indulge in a negative campaign against its former ally.
The BJP’s campaign will talk about making Maharashtra a manufacturing hub once again. The campaign and the party’s manifesto will outline how a BJP government will improve GDP, the industrial sector, roads and agriculture, and ensure 24-hour power — factors essential to the manufacturing sector.
Two central government programmes the BJP campaign will play on in Maharashtra and Haryana are the Pradhan Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana — launched last month and aiming at opening at least one bank account for every family in less than six months — and Make in India to make India a hub of manufacturing and to provide jobs. The target audience is the poor with the first, and the middle class with the second.
Geete will quit once Modi returns
MUMBAI: A day after Raj Thackeray mocked the Shiv Sena for maintaining its alliance with the BJP at the Centre, Uddhav Thackeray announced that Anant Geete, the only Sena union minister, will resign as soon as continued…

Prithvirajs ambitions monstrous  saysKakaUndalkar at a rally in Karad South.
Written by Sandeep A Ashar | Karad | Posted: September 30, 2014 12:29 am
Fighting his first assembly election, Prithviraj Chavan is the sole target of the campaign of seven-time Congress MLA Vilas Patil-Undalkar, now rebelling as an independent candidate. Undalkar, locally referred to as “Kaka”, has chosen not to target the party for declining him a ticket. At public rallies and street-corner meetings, Undalkar has been saying Chavan’s “monstrous ambitions” have destroyed the Congress and senior party leaders in Maharashtra.
“He is a threat to Maharashtra, and a threat to the Congress party. A number of Congress leaders have called me supporting my bid to ward off this threat. There will be a political explosion if I declare the names of those who have called me,” Undalkar says.
“I have no complaints against the Congress. But this man has destroyed my family and the party in the state in the last three-and-a-half years,” says Undalkar. Though he has been sparing the Congress, what should be a concern for the party is that Undalkar’s rallies have been drawing large crowds.
The Chavan camp has been projecting him as the “ambassador of development” and playing up his clean image. Undalkar has been striving to dismantle that image too, accusing Chavan’s close aides of brokering various deals. And there has been mockery too: “Chavan managed to poll just 5,000 votes in his home of Patan taluka when he lost the Lok Sabha poll in 1999. That is a measure of his popularity.”
Chavan’s other major challenger, the BJP’s Atul Bhosale, has focused his campaign on lack of development under Chavan. Hailing from a Congress background, Bhosale alleges he was sidelined by Chavan’s close aides.
He is a threat to Maharashtra, and a threat to the Congress... Many party leaders have called me supporting my effort to ward off this threat.

This road leads to ChavanhomeMany main roads are even worse than this approach road to Chavan’s house (white). (Source: Prashant Nadkar)
Written by Sandeep A Ashar | Karad | Posted: September 30, 2014 12:29 am
The dirt road in the picture is the approach to the now former Maharashtra chief minister Prithviraj Chavan’s house in his hometown Karad. The condition of several main roads in this western Maharashtra constituency, which has given the state two chief ministers, is even worse.
Development is a work in progress in Chavan’s home constituency as he leads the Congress on its toughest battle yet to retain power in the state. Fighting his first ever state poll from Karad South, Chavan has been highlighting the funds his government has pumped into Karad. Earlier this month, The Indian Express had reported how Chavan had sanctioned development works worth Rs 335 crore to this assembly seat. A large part of these funds was sanctioned in the run-up to the polls.
Even his closest supporters, however, concede that most of the projects they are meant for are either ongoing and yet to begin. Manohar Shinde, a close Chavan supporter, blames the local zilla parishad for the delays. The parishad is run by the NCP.
“There is no development in the constituency. Elected leaders have taken us for a ride,” says Suman Mange, 55, who lives with her family at Karad’s Lalubhai Chawl.
The lack of proper roads, drainage networks, transportation facilities and jobs in this rapidly urbanising constituency contrasts the region’s resources — it is plush with sugar cooperatives controlled by political heavyweights — and political legacy. Maharashtra’s first chief minister Yeshwantrao Chavan hailed from Karad, which is also the hometown of former cabinet minister Yeshwantrao Mohite, another important figure in the state’s politics. Other ministers elected from the region have included Shyam Asthekar, Dadasaheb Jagtap, and seven-time legislator Vilas Patil-Undalkar.
Other western Maharashtra constituencies well represented politically, such as Baramati, Kolhapur and Indapur, have matched that with development. “The development here does not match even an inch of what has been achieved in Kolhapur,” said the Shiv Sena’s Narendra Patil, who is contesting from Karad North.
Indeed, development is at the centre of the campaign agenda for most of Karad South’s candidates. Chavan is being projected as the “ambassador of development”. Undalkar, a Congress rebel, is wooing voters with “development work” he has helped carry out in his 34 years as MLA. The BJP’s Atul Bhosale has been targeting both Chavan and Undalkar for lack of development, while Congress leader D Y Patil’s son Ajeenkya, who has entered the fray as the Shiv Sena, says development is not what it should have been and that he can better it.

Grain Higher  Beef and Pork HigherAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Clayton L. Thyne and Howard SanbornTHE FIX | While only 36 percent of voters cast ballots, the raw data offer clues on the state of the electorate.
Nov 23, 2014
THE FIX | SNL mocked the president’s executive order with a parody of “Schoolhouse Rock!”
Nov 23, 2014
The Fix's Chris Cillizza discusses the latest in political news.
Nov 21, 2014
The Fix's Chris Cillizza discussed the latest in political news.
Nov 21, 2014
Long on vision, light on details.
Nov 20, 2014
She pinned her runoff campaign on a Keystone pipeline bill. It failed.
Nov 20, 2014

BB Passport: Will Canadian company make a comeback with this newly launched phoneBB Passport: Will Canadian company make a comeback with this newly launched phone
Modi woos US CEOs for big investmentsModi woos US CEOs for big investments
Learnt about fabrics  designs in India: Tommy HilfigerLearnt about fabrics  designs in India: Tommy Hilfiger
Flexible inflation targeting neededFlexible inflation targeting needed
Siddartha Roy |  Sep 30, 2014 12:32 AM IST
The bi-monthly monetary policy will be announced today. Public statements made by Reserve Bank of India (RBI) policymakers tend to suggest that Consumer Price Index (CPI)-based anchor inflation rate has not come down sufficiently to merit a reduction in policy rates. On the other hand, anyone looking forward to an EMI-based loan or running an industrial unit, particularly from the MSME sector, is getting increasingly restless about this status quo proposition. For them, an interest rate reduction is an immediate necessity.
To add to an already complicated situation, in its September 20-21, 2014 Cairns meeting, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) came up with the suggestion that India should increase policy rates for sustainably lowering inflation. In behavioural economics, this is called "decoy effect", it will ensure that even a status quo proposition from RBI looks significantly superior.
Should one examine the inflation numbers, they are quite revealing. CPI-based inflation on a (year-on-year) basis has come down from 8.59 per cent in April 2014 to 7.80 per cent in August 2014; without taking food and fuel inflation into account, the non-volatile part that is the core CPI-based inflation has come down from 7.92 per cent to 6.83 per cent. Wholesale Price Index (WPI)-based inflation for the same period has come down from 5.5 per cent (April 2014) to 3.74 per cent (August 2014); lastly, while CPI food inflation continues to be sticky at 9 per cent plus level, WPI-based food inflation has come down to 5.2 per cent in August. Release of food stocks and management of imports of the shortage items are having their impact. At the same time, between May and July the IIP growth rates have steadily come down and manufacturing growth became marginally negative in July.
The new government wants the economy to recover at the earliest. The linkage of fiscal deficit with unproductive aggregate demand expansion which fuels inflationary expectations is now well understood. The current Budget has a road map for bringing it down. Similarly, regulatory bottlenecks which create supply side constraints and push the cost base of existing enterprises and new investments upwards are getting addressed.
Empirical studies show the key drivers of CPI are agricultural output (lighter agri-output has a negative impact on inflation), fuel price (has a positive impact on inflation), exchange rates (depreciation adds to inflation), money supply (M3) and previous period's CPI, the last two have a positive impact. RBI's ability to influence majority of these variables is limited excepting money supply.
Consequently, it is not clear how RBI will achieve a 6 per cent inflation rate by January 2016 without creating unacceptable deflationary pressures, this will not only make the industrial sector vulnerable but will also add to the banking sector's stressed assets. It would be better to stretch the time span for reaching the inflation target and thereby protect the nascent economic recovery.
In other words, reconciling inflation targeting with the economic and industrial growth requirements in a decelerating policy rate regime would provide the platform for the success of RBI's medium-term policies.
The author is economic advisor, Tata group

Construction of new bridge may be delayedUpdated: September 30, 2014 01:51 IST
Construction of new bridge may be delayed
Staff Reporter
Tweet
THE HINDU A view the decades-old bridge across the Godavari river at Bhadrachalam Town in Khammam District. PHOTO: G.N. RAO
THE HINDU Decades-old bridge across Godavari river unable to accommodate the heavy traffic on it at Bhadrachalam Town in Khammam District. PHOTO: G.N. Rao
THE HINDU People watch the Godavari river in spate from the decades-old bridge connecting Bhadrachalam Town with Sarapaka in Khammam District. PHOTO: G.N. Rao
THE HINDU People engaged in work on the banks of Godavari River at Bhadrachalam with the decades-old brdige seen in the background. PHOTO: G.N. Rao
THE HINDU A view the decades old bridge joining Bhadrachalam town and Sarapaka across the Godavari river at Bhadrachalam Town in Khammam District. PHOTO: G.N. Rao
THE HINDU Godavri river in full spate under the decades-old bridge at Bhadrachalam Town in Khammam District. PHOTO: G.N. Rao
Second bridge across Godavari in Bhadrachalam becomes a necessity in view of traffic congestion on existing old bridge
Although the initial works including soil testing for the proposed new bridge across the Godavari at Bhadrachalam has begun, the long-awaited facility is unlikely to become a reality before the ‘Godavari Pushkaralu’ slated to be held in the middle next year.
The second bridge across the river at the temple town has been necessitated in view of the frequent traffic congestion on the existing five decades old bridge, frequented by thousands of people every day.
The bridge is part of the National Highway 221 (New NH No. 30) connecting Vijaywada in the residuary Andhra Pradesh and Jagdalpur in Chhattisgarh. It is a vital road link on the inter-State borders with AP, Chhattisgarh and Odisha.
Though the plan to construct a second bridge parallel to the existing old bridge was mooted a couple of years ago, it received the government’s nod last year. It was initially announced that the new bridge would be completed expeditiously at a cost of Rs.150 crore.
It formed an essential component of the multi-focal infrastructure development plan mooted by the then Congress government keeping in view the Godavari Pushkaralu-2015 expected to draw lakhs of devotees to the temple town.
However, the construction of the new bridge is likely to take at least two years as the actual work is expected to be taken up towards the fag-end of this year, sources added.
The construction work of the new bridge estimated to cost around Rs.79 crore has been allotted to a Mumbai-based company through the tendering process, said J. Chandrasekhar, Executive Engineer, National Highway Division, Warangal.
The bridge will be constructed under the Engineering, Procurement and Construction (EPC) mode by the company. The construction firm is presently carrying out soil investigation and other preparatory activities to design the new bridge based on stipulated parameters such as volume of traffic on the existing bridge and the maximum flood level in the Godavari at the temple town.

Safety group petitions NHTSA to probe 4.9 million Chrysler pickups  SUVs and minivansSafety group petitions NHTSA to probe 4.9 million Chrysler pickups, SUVs and minivans
Reuters
Center for Auto Safety urges NHTSA to probe Chrysler SUVs, pickups and vans for slew of power complaints.
2007 to 2014 Chyrsler, Dodge and Jeep SUVs, pickups and minivans under scrutiny for safety issue.
DETROIT (Reuters) - A safety advocate group has petitioned U.S. regulators to open an investigation into an estimated 4.9 million Chrysler vehicles for issues that could lead to engine stalls and other problems, according to documents posted online by the U.S. National Highway Traffic Safety Administration.
Read the story
The NHTSA said in the documents that it would decide whether to grant or deny the Center for Auto Safety's petition, which involves a range of Chrysler, Dodge and Jeep SUVs, pickup trucks and minivans from model years 2007 through 2014. The regulator offered no timetable for its decision, but if it opens an investigation, that could lead to a recall.
Chrysler Group, a unit of Fiat, said on Monday that it was investigating customer complaints and analyzing parts from the field. "Every Chrysler Group vehicle meets or exceeds all applicable safety standards," it said.
The Center for Auto Safety in an Aug. 21 letter asked the NHTSA to open a probe into failures of a part called the totally integrated power module, the documents said.
0
The safety advocate group said the failures resulted in engine stalls; air bag nondeployment; unintended acceleration; fires; and random horn, headlight, door lock, instrument panel and windshield wiper activity, according to the documents.
Located in the engine compartment near the battery, the totally integrated power module manages power for multiple systems in the vehicle. It is designed to detect an electrical fault and activate such equipment as windshield wipers and headlights.
The Center for Auto Safety's petition included a list of 70 complaints it had received, according to the NHTSA documents. The NHTSA said its review would focus on the Totally Integrated Power Module 7.
Of the 63 complaints about that specific part, 51 cited engine stalls or not starting, while three reported smoke or fire, according to the NHTSA documents. In a supplement to its letter, the Center for Auto Safety identified 24 crashes from NHTSA's Early Warning Reporting database that it believes are related to the failure of a totally integrated power module.
"The (power module) is in millions of 2007-14 Chrysler vehicles and fails at such high frequency that Chrysler has run out of replacement parts," the Center for Auto Safety said in its letter. "Consumers are faced with a terrible dilemma - park the vehicle until parts are available or ride at risk of being in (a) deadly crash."
Earlier this month, Chrysler recalled an estimated 230,760 Jeep and Dodge SUVs globally from model year 2011 because of the potential failure of fuel-pump relays within the power module that could cause the vehicles to stall or not start.
(Reporting by Ben Klayman in Detroit; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn)

U.S. safety regulators probe Chrysler airbag recallU.S. safety regulators probe Chrysler airbag recall
2002 Jeep Liberty
8
The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration said in documents filed on Monday that it had opened a query into the recall of Jeep Liberty SUVs from model years 2002 and 2003, and Jeep Grand Cherokee SUVs from model years 2002 through 2004. The safety agency will study the effectiveness of the previous recall.
This is why GM has made other Car companies successful. The "Buyer Beware" policy has cost America the Auto Industry.
Citizen D
2
Chrysler, a unit of Fiat Chrysler Automobiles, said in a statement that it had notified NHTSA of the six incidents involving inadvertent airbag deployments while the vehicles were in operation and was cooperating with the safety agency's investigation.
Chrysler recalled the vehicles on Nov. 7, 2012, because airbag circuits could degrade. The company addressed the problem by installing an in-line jumper harness with an integrated electrical filter to eliminate electrical spikes that the company believed were causing the problem, according to the NHTSA documents. The safety agency had previously opened an investigation of the issue in October 2011 and three months later upgraded the probe.
In the latest six cases in the NHTSA documents, no crashes were reported, but injuries consisting of cuts and burns were alleged.
At the time of the recall in 2012, another 174,723 SUVs were affected in Canada, Mexico and outside of North America. The probe found 215 cases of inadvertent airbag deployments that resulted in 81 minor injuries in the United States but no crashes.
(Reporting by Ben Klayman in Detroit; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn)

5 Mistakes Renters Make That You Can AvoidAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

The dish on installing satellite dish outside a unit0
In a condominium context, an exclusive-use area equates to a limited common-element area, commonly balconies, terraces or decks. The issue is whether the back porch is a limited common element so defined in the declaration or a common-element porch system. If the porch is part of the common elements, a resident may not affix a satellite dish to the porch.
Merely because a unit's back door leads to a porch does not make the porch an exclusive-use area for the unit.
Q: I recently moved into a town home community in the suburbs. In 2010, the original developer lost the project, and the association's remaining unsold units were taken over by the developer's lender, who then sold the units to another developer.
There have been only three board meetings since 2010. What are the requirements for a community association to hold board meetings and annual meetings?
A: In addition to a community association's declaration and bylaws, community associations are governed by the Common Interest Community Association Act. Section 1-30 of the act requires an association board to meet at least four times annually. Section 1-40 requires an annual meeting to elect a board of directors.
Q: Our condominium association has a contract for bulk-service cable and Internet on a fixed monthly cost per unit. Several unit owners work from home and have demanded that the board increase the Internet service bandwidth because they are dissatisfied with the Internet speed for their uses.
Does a condominium association have an obligation to provide commercial-level Internet services for unit owners?
A: Section 18.4(o) of the Condominium Act allows a board, in its sole discretion, to buy cable television or Internet service in bulk for the units on an equal-cost-per-unit basis.
The cost of bulk service is substantially less on a per-unit basis than unit owners buying cable and Internet as an individual.
The number of cable television stations and/or speed of the Internet in the bulk-service agreement is within the discretion of the board for what it determines to be in the best interest of all unit owners, not a handful of unit owners.
Simply, the board is not obligated to provide a certain minimum number of stations or Internet speed.
As a practical matter, unit owners are always given the option by the service provider to buy premium cable stations and/or higher-speed Internet at their own cost.

Krugman Blasts The Show-Off Societykrugman blasts the show-off society
KFC Is Giving Away Ridiculous Fried Chicken iPhone Casesreddit
Cluck, cluck. Who's there?
Something totally bonkers. KFC is giving away a number of fried chicken themed iPhone cases to customers in Japan to commemorate the birth of the company's late founder, Colonel Sanders. And whatever you just imagined in your mind, the actual product is even more bizarre : an advertisement shows an iPhone encased in a very large, presumably plastic drumstick, gripped by a young woman happily chatting away while a plump Colonel Sanders keels over in laughter on the ground.
We're laughing, too, Colonel.
In addition to the giant leg of iPhone, KFC Japan unveiled similarly chicken-themed goodies like a drumstick-shaped USB drive, a drumstick computer mouse, drumstick dangle earrings, a massive plush drumstick hat (for the sartorialists), and a keyboard with chicken shapes for letters (excepting the letters K, F, and C, of course):
Unfortunately for anyone with lofty ambitions about talking into a Flintstones-esque chicken leg, KFC's "Colonel Day" contest closed on September 24 .
More:

6 Ways to Make Visitors Fall in Love With Your Websitereddit
If you are familiar with your website analytics you would have heard of a metric called "bounce rate." The bounce rate is the percentage of website visitors that leave your website after visiting one page. A low bounce rate means visitors are engaging in your website and spend time exploring it. A high bounce rate means you are doing something wrong - people are coming to your website and leaving without really interacting.
A normal bounce rate for websites is around 60-70%. This means that over half of the people who visit websites leave after just viewing the page they land on. By implementing the following six tactics you can engage visitors and lower your bounce rate.
1. Create A Simple and Eye-Catching Web Design
These two ideas may seem conflicting, but often the most eye-catching designs are the simplest. Take Apple, for example. Their designs are sleek, clean, and simple, yet everyone's eyes gravitate towards them. When web design is clean and simple it can give the user a sense of time and space and if the design is aesthetically pleasing the user is naturally going to be more inclined to stay on the website.
2. Make Your Brand Personality Shine
Just because your actual website design is simple it doesn't mean it has to be cold and boring. Inject your brand and team's personality into your website. Choose the perfect blend of colors that represent the business and transmit a message to the audience. Create wording for each page that is in line with your brand personality. Is your business easy going and laid back or fast-paced and current? Reflect that in your website copy.
3. Be Empathetic
Even if it sounds counter-intuitive, try to talk about yourself and your business as little as possible. Instead, you should be empathetic. Talk to about the website user and tell them how your business can help make their lives easier with your product or service. This should be apparent in the headlines, subtitles, and images as well as the actual website copy.
4. Content Should Match the Users Objective
Not only should you be empathetic, but each page needs to accurately describe and match the reason the person has arrived at the page. Content from one page to another should not be similar, but each page should offer highly focused and exclusive content to the visitor. You should also offer valuable free information to the visitor, either in the form of a resource page, a blog, or free media such as white papers and eBooks.
5. Headings, Bullet Points, Photos and Videos
A huge block of text on a web page is very unappealing. You need to break the page up into bite size pieces. Headings and sub headings are essential. Ideally each piece of content on the page should be able to be read and make sense in isolation form the rest of the content on the page - this accommodates the user's process of scanning for appropriate content.
By adding relevant images and video to a page you break up the content but also create attractive features for the eye to be drawn to. They can also contribute to making the overall page aesthetically pleasing ans attractive.
6. Showcase Convenience
Make your navigation simple and intuitive so users can find exactly what they are looking for in less than three seconds. Foe example, put contact information in an easy to find location, with its own tab in the navigation and at the top right corner of the page. You should also always put a second copy of your contact information in the page footer as well.
By reshaping your website so it is visually attractive, providing valuable and highly appropriate content, presenting the content in easily digestible amounts, and having a logical and intuitive navigation, the user will be more engaged and more likely to convert into inquiries or sales.
For more information of what makes an engaging and effective website check out this article, The 11 Elements of a Great Website Design .
More:

Hack the Hood: Teaching poorer kids to codeHack the Hood: Preparing low-income youth for tech jobs
By Natalie Angley   @CNNMoney September 29, 2014: 9:20 AM ET
 
Low-income youth groomed for tech jobs
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Nhat Ho came to the United States when he was just a year old.
"My parents fought on the side of the United States during the Vietnam War, so they were imprisoned for eight years," Ho said. "I'm a product of two refugees who were prisoners of war that endured a lot of hardships to get me here."
But chasing the American dream wasn't easy.
"I grew up in a pretty bad neighborhood in deep east Oakland," he said. "During that time when we were living there in apartments, my mom was robbed with a gun to her head."
Ho turned to video games as an escape, and he taught himself how to write computer code in sixth grade. The youngest of six children, he watched his siblings struggle with low-paying jobs.
"All my brothers work two jobs, and all my sisters work all day from 9 to 7 at a nail salon," he said. "And I felt like that life isn't for me."
Related: 6 things you need to know about STEM
In high school, Ho was pressured to join a gang. But he used coding as an outlet for staying out of trouble.
"Growing up in East Oakland where there's gangs and drugs, it's hard to remove yourself totally from it," he said. "I didn't gang bang because I knew my parents brought me here for a reason. And that reason was to get an education and be a better person in life."
At 21, Ho is on that path. After taking classes at a community college, he joined Hack the Hood, a small nonprofit that teaches low-income youth ages 15 to 21 how to build websites for small businesses.
"We work with youth of color, folks who have historically been left out of the technological conversation," said Zakiya Harris, Hack the Hood's chief education officer. "What we're doing is allowing them to see how they can utilize technology as a tool and even build it as a career."
"When I first came to Hack the Hood, I was just lost," Ho said. "I didn't know what to do with life. I had the skills to code, but I didn't have an outlet to actually put my work out there."
Related: Ex-con launches startup aimed at inmates
During a six-week program, Ho designed several websites for small businesses, including one for Woody's Cafe and Laundromat, a family-run business that has been in Oakland for 25 years.
"The whole process was very seamless," said Vincent Lau of Woody's Cafe. "All we needed to do was hop on a phone call with Nhat for 5 or 10 minutes, and in about a week or so we had this amazing website."
By helping small businesses gain visibility online, Ho and other participants are building portfolios that could lead to future jobs in tech.
"They're really seeing how this can lend itself to a career without necessarily going to college," Harris said. "These are low-hanging fruit skills in technology that they can actually start using now and earning money."
The program also pairs youth with mentors in the tech industry.
"We get a lot of folks who work in Silicon Valley and who are working in tech to really pay it forward and give back by working with our young people," Harris said.
Since the organization started last summer, it's trained 45 youth to build more than 150 websites for small businesses. And it has already gained the attention of some tech giants.
Related: Why Atlanta is ripe for innovation
In June, Google awarded Hack the Hood a $500,000 grant after it placed in the top four of the Google Impact Challenge—a contest that gave $5 million to non-profits with innovative ideas to make the San Francisco Bay area stronger.
"Over the next two years, our goal is to train over 5,000 young people and build over 10,000 websites for local small businesses," Harris said.
The program has already made an impact on young people like Ho.
He enrolled at UC Davis this fall to study computer science. And he's the first in his family to go to college.
"When I graduate I'm planning on maybe starting a start-up company," he said. "My first real investment is gonna be buying my parents a house. And I feel like that's gonna make them really proud."
First Published: September 29, 2014: 9:20 AM ET
Most Popular

Govt likely to repeal 987 outdated laws  bill coming in winter sessionGovt likely to repeal 987 outdated laws
Chetan Chauhan , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 29, 2014
First Published: 20:53 IST(29/9/2014) | Last Updated: 02:02 IST(30/9/2014)
By his own admission, Prime Minister Narendra Modi is “happiest” showing the door to laws that are of no use.
 
Accordingly, his government has put in motion a plan to repeal as many as 987 obsolete laws.   
 
The law ministry will bring a new bill in the winter session of Parliament to repeal 287 obsolete laws and junk about 700 Appropriation Acts that have lost relevance.
 
An Appropriation Act is passed by Parliament during budget session to allow the government to withdraw money from the exchequer for a financial year. The law has no utility after the next budget when a new Appropriation Act gets passed.
 
But, all Appropriation Acts, including those passed decades ago, are still a part of statute books.
 
“We plan to bring a bill to repeal 287 obsolete laws,” law minister Ravi Shankar Prasad told reporters on Monday. He added they were consulting the finance ministry on the law commission’s recommendation to repeal 700 Appropriation Acts.
 
The ministry is examining the British system of junking Appropriation Acts after some years.
 
Many of the laws listed for repealing are from the British era and have lost relevance.
 
The government has made its plan known a day after Modi told Indian-Americans at Madison Square Garden, “Earlier Indian governments spoke of having made this law and that law, but I have started ending laws which are of no use. So many laws... If I end one law a day, I will be the happiest.”
 
Here are some laws that govt wants out:
 
Forfeited Deposits Act, Act 25 of 1850
Category: Land Laws
 
This Act was enacted for the forfeiture to the Government of deposits made on incomplete sales of land made under Regulation VIII, 1819 of the Bengal Code (the Bengal Patni Taluks Regulation, 1819).
 
Since tenure-holders or patnidars were taking fraudulent advantage of this Regulation, this Act was introduced to counter the situation. The Regulation allowed forfeited deposits at land sales to be applied as purchase-money.
 
The Act instead provided that forfeited deposits were to be used towards the cost of sales, and the rest to be forfeited to Government. This Act is of no relevance after 1947.
 
Foreign Recruiting Act, Act 4 of 1874
Category: International Relations
 
This Act empowered the Government to issue an order that prevented the recruitment of Indians by a foreign State.
 
The Act confers a wide discretion on the Government to specify the conditions under
which persons may be barred from being recruited by a foreign State. According to the Law Commission, in its 43rd Report on Offences against National Security (1971), such wide discretion might potentially violate the constitutional guarantee to freedom of occupation under Article 19.
 
The 2nd Administrative Reforms Commission Report of 2006 has also observed that this Act is outdated. This Act has been recommended for repeal by the PC Jain Commission in its Appendix A-1.
 
Elephants’ Preservation Act, Act 6 of 1879
Category: Environmental Law
 
The Act makes it an offence to kill, injure or capture wild elephants except in cases of self-defence, or in accordance with a licence granted under the Act.
 
However, the Act imposes only an insignificant fine of Rs. 500 for its contravention, while a subsequent conviction attracts imprisonment for 6 months along with the fine.
 
The purpose of the Act is now subsumed by the Wildlife (Protection) Act, 1972 which has similar provisions on the prohibition of killing wild animals and on 26 procedures for licensing.
 
Elephants are included within the ambit of the 1972 Act, which also has more stringent penalties. Therefore the 1879 Act is redundant.
 

Microsoft chief Satya Nadella in hometown  2 CMs may vie for attentionMicrosoft chief in India, Andhra vs Telangana contest on cards?
Prasad Nichenametla , Hindustan Times  Hyderabad, September 29, 2014
First Published: 22:21 IST(29/9/2014) | Last Updated: 02:15 IST(30/9/2014)
Comments
Microsoft Corporation chief Satya Nadella’s first trip to India since taking up the top job may trigger a tug of war between the chief ministers of Telangana and Andhra Pradesh, both eyeing investments from the software giant.
Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella gestures as he speaks during his keynote address in San Francisco, California. (Reuters file photo)
Not without reason. The 46-year-old has strong links to the Telugu states. A young Nadella was a student of the famous Hyderabad Public School while his father BN Yugandhar, a retired IAS officer and former planning commission member, hails from Anantapur in Andhra.
Ever since he became CEO in February, the two governments have been making grand plans for a felicitation. They’ve been disappointed, though, by the highly secretive nature of the visit, on Nadella’s request, according to a source. Calls to Microsoft for details of his engagements went unanswered.
So far, Nadella has had a 30-minute meeting with Telangana CM K Chandrasekhara Rao (on Sunday) and a phone conversation with his Andhra counterpart Chandrababu Naidu. A senior Andhra government official confirmed the phone conversation. Telangana IT minister K Tarakarama Rao did not respond to HT’s calls and messages.
Since the division of the states, Telangana and Andhra have been vying for investments, often from the same companies. Earlier this month, Telangana lost out to Andhra on a Rs. 3,000-crore plant of Hero Motor Corp, which scouted both states before settling on Chittoor. Now, many expect the battle to extend to wooing Microsoft.
Tech-savvy Naidu has been taking the credit for bringing the first Microsoft R&D centre outside the US to India, Hyderabad precisely. But his claims of making Hyderabad an IT hub are often mocked by Rao and his Telangana Rashtra Samithi party.
Read: Satya Nadella addresses staff at Hyderabad centre
For Rao, yet to draw a mega investment to the newly formed state, a nod from Microsoft to expand operations in Telangana would be a major achievement, adding credence to the business-friendly environment he promises.
For Naidu, the aim is to try and get Microsoft to set up shop in Visakhapatnam, which he envisages as the next Hyderabad.
A Microsoft foray would make Vizag an assured growth destination for others. On Monday, Naidu held an IT conclave in the seashore city, attended by honchos of Infosys, Google  and others.
Nadella, meanwhile, spent the day visiting the Microsoft office and interacting with the employees. He is expected to be in Delhi on Tuesday, according to some media reports.

Plastic microbeads from face wash are showing up all overBy Rachel Feltman September 29 Follow @rachelfeltman
The microbeads used in cosmetic products are infiltrating riverbed sediments. (Castaneda, Avlijas, Simard, Ricciardi/McGill)
Tiny balls of plastic from cosmetic products are showing up in river sediment for the first time, mixing with the rocks and dirt that line the bed of the Saint Lawrence River. Because scientists have mostly been looking for these plastic pollutants in the surface water instead of in the dirt, it means that their build-up could be even worse than previously imagined -- and fish and other animals could be in serious trouble because of them.
You've probably heard of these dastardly microbeads by now: The tiny pieces of plastic, billed as miraculous exfoliators in facial wash and whitening scrubbers in tooth paste, are basically impossible to get rid of. They're too small for waste water processing plants to filter out, so they're ending up in the sea -- building up in the water and posing risks to marine life and water quality.
In recent years, researchers have reported finding  the microbeads in the Great Lakes. Further research has found them in the Saint Lawrence River , which connects those lakes with the Atlantic Ocean and flows from eastern Canada to the midwestern US.
Previous research pulled the microbeads from the water itself, but in a study published recently in the Canadian Journal of Fisheries and Aquatic Sciences, researchers went digging in the dirt.
"The more we looked, the more we found. That was definitely really worrisome," Suncica Avlijas, a graduate student at McGill Univeristy, told CBC News Montreal . In some areas, Avlijas and her colleagues found over 1,000 microbeads per litre of sediment. The researchers only looked at the microbeads on the slightly larger end of the spectrum, so they suspect that smaller ones may have gone uncounted. This is worst in areas of slow river flow, where solids like these beads aren't being moved quickly enough to stay buoyant. In slow water, they sink --  and build up -- until the sediment is heavily polluted.
Now, these researchers will dissect fish that live on the polluted riverbed to see if they've been eating the plastic particles. If the microbead build-up is getting into the fish food chain, it could be endangering their health.
In the meantime, look for toothpaste without any beads in it ( dentists say they're useless, anyway ) and make sure your exfoliating scrubs use particles that are safe and biodegradable .
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

This graphic shows the rapid climb of U.S. airstrikes in Iraq and SyriaBy Dan Lamothe September 29 Follow @danlamothe
As outlined a short time ago on Checkpoint , the cost of the U.S. military campaign against the Islamic State is likely closing in on $1 billion, and could rise at a cost of between $200 million and $320 million per month as it continues.
This graphic was produced by colleagues at The Washington Post with information released by U.S. Central Command and compiled in this spreadsheet I posted on Google Docs . It shows that the pace of U.S.-led airstrikes in Iraq and Syria have increased rapidly, especially since President Obama called for the first ones in Syria on Sept. 23. In the span of less than a week, there had been 51 there as of early Monday afternoon. Twenty-eight more have conducted in Iraq in that timeframe.
A caveat: Airstrikes in Syria are being conducted with five other Arab partners: the United Arab Emirates, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Bahrain and Qatar. Qatar has been flying support missions, while the other four have been dropping bombs, U.S. officials say.
In Iraq, the bulk of the airstrikes have been carried out by the United States, but the Iraqi military and France also have dropped bombs, and other nations, including Britain, have pledged to join the campaign soon.
U.S. bombs have been dropped by aircraft flown by the Air Force, Navy and Marine Corps.
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

Study: Recessions Can Postpone Motherhood ForeverAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Watch live: Madigan  Schimpf Tribune Editorial Board endorsement debateLisa Madigan
Madigan, Schimpf Tribune Editorial Board endorsement debate
Watch live: Chicago Tribune Editorial Board endorsement debate with Illinois Attorney General Lisa Madigan and challenger Paul Schimpf.
Watch live: Chicago Tribune Editorial Board endorsement debate with Illinois Attorney General Lisa Madigan and challenger Paul Schimpf.
Watch live: Chicago Tribune Editorial Board endorsement debate with Illinois Attorney General Lisa Madigan and challenger Paul Schimpf.
This video is featured in these articles:

Mangalyaan sends dust storm picture of MarsComments
India's Mars orbiter has sent a picture of regional dust storm activities over the northern hemisphere of the Red Planet, Isro said on Monday.
"Regional dust storm activities over northern hemisphere of Mars - captured by Mars Color Camera on-board Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM)", Bangalore-headquartered Indian Space Research Organisation (Isro) said on its official Facebook page with a picture.
It said the image was taken from an altitude of 74,500 kms from the surface of Mars.
Something's brewing here! pic.twitter.com/ecX1t6onXp
— ISRO's Mars Orbiter (@MarsOrbiter) September 29, 2014
MOM spacecraft had sent its first images of the planet on Thursday, a day after creating history by becoming the only such endeavour so far to have met with success on the maiden attempt.
MOM aims to study the Martian surface and mineral composition and scan its atmosphere for methane, an indicator of life.
The spacecraft is equipped with five instruments, including a sensor to track methane or marsh gas, a colour camera and a thermal-imaging spectrometer to map the surface and mineral wealth of the planet.
The Rs. 450-crore MOM is the cheapest inter-planetary mission. India is the first country to reach Mars in the very first attempt. European, American and Russian probes have managed to orbit or land on the planet, but after several attempts.
The orbiter will keep moving in an elliptical path for at least six months with its instruments sending their gleanings back home.
The spacecraft was launched on its nine-month-long odyssey on a homegrown PSLV rocket from Sriharikota in Andhra Pradesh on November 5, last year. It had escaped the Earth's gravitational field on December 1 and was placed in the Martian orbit on September 24.

Qantas Puts World s Largest Plane on Longest RouteAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Bill Gates Ranked Richest American by ForbesAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Centre identifies 287 more outdated laws torepealExpress News Service | Posted: September 30, 2014 2:07 am
With Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s emphasis on removing outdated laws, the Union Ministry of Law and Justice will introduce a Bill in the Winter Session of Parliament to repeal another 287 obsolete statutes. The Law Ministry has sent a draft bill in this regard for inter-ministerial consultations. The ministry is also working overtime to ensure that 700-plus Appropriation Acts are properly junked. Used to authorise expenditures, the Appropriation Acts are intended to operate for a limited period of time and lose relevance.
“While a Bill is pending in Parliament to repeal 32 amendment Acts and four principal Acts, we plan to bring another bill to repeal 287 similar Acts,” Law Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad told reporters here. All these are simple amending acts, which, since the amendments have become part of the main act, are otherwise of little relevance.
Prasad said the Law Ministry is also planning to carry out “legal scavenging” to repeal 700-plus Appropriation Acts which remain on statute books though they have lost relevance. “We are consulting the Finance Ministry. I have asked my department to take a considered legal view on repealing these Appropriation Acts,” he said.
During the course of its study on archaic laws, the Law Commission found that a large number of Appropriation Acts passed during past several years have lost their meaning but are still shown on statute books.
Law Ministry sources said the task of repealing such laws would be initiated after the committee constituted by Prime Minister’s Office to identify “obsolete” laws which hamper governance by creating “avoidable confusion” submits its report.
This committee is examining all Acts recommended to be repealed by the Committee on Review of Administrative Laws which had been appointed by Atal Bihari Vajpayee government in 1998.

Battlefield Hong KongExpress News Service | Posted: September 30, 2014 2:04 am
Hong Kong’s recent struggle to force Beijing to honour the promise of democracy and autonomy it made to the territory and its citizens in 1997, when it took over from Britain, is unprecedented in scale and exuberance. The standoff escalated over the weekend, when Occupy Central protesters — “Central” is Hong Kong’s main downtown district — advanced a civil disobedience campaign scheduled for October 1. The Hong Kong police responded with surprising brutality, deploying riot police and tear gas. This appears to have emboldened protesters, who are urging fellow citizens to join up, and the movement seems to have taken on a life of its own.
The confrontation was sparked by the suspicion that China intends to renege on the spirit, if not the letter, of its pledge to preserve Hong Kong’s special status, which includes a “high degree of autonomy” and eventual “universal suffrage”. The island’s next chief executive is due to be elected in 2017, and Beijing has made it abundantly clear that only candidates loyal to the Communist Party of China will be allowed to contest. That would make a mockery of democracy in Hong Kong, bringing the electoral rights of Hong Kongers on par with the mainland, where every adult citizen can vote for local legislators — so long as the party approves.
The fear is that the campaign for political reform will spin out of control, provoking more skirmishes with the police, arrests, even intervention from the mainland. For now, Beijing seems to have decided that the threat of an opponent winning leadership of Hong Kong and stoking demands for political reform on the mainland is too big to countenance. This is a pivotal moment in Hong Kong’s relations with China, a contest between competing aspirations and expectations that will bear on its future well after the 2017 election is settled.

Kavi sammelans  golf rounds: Why some Governors goabroadWritten by Shyamlal Yadav | New Delhi | Posted: September 30, 2014 2:01 am
West Bengal Governor Keshari Nath Tripathi at a Kavi Sammelan in London on August 28.
Source: WEB SITE OF THE INDIAN MISSION IN LONDON
Residents of India’s Raj Bhavans, generally expected to be inactive politically, seem, however, to be fairly active in matters of culture and community — sometimes pursuing these interests beyond national boundaries.
Information given to The Indian Express by the Ministry of Home Affairs under the Right to Information (RTI) Act shows that in the last five years, at least three Governors sought permission to travel abroad to attend kavi sammelans.
One went to play golf, another to attend the graduation ceremony of a granddaughter.
Other Governors travelled overseas to attend Marwari, Maratha, or similar sammelans.
Admittedly, several of these Governors’ trips abroad were personal, or “private” visits.
Between 2009 and now, only 17 Governors sought a no-objection certificate from the government to travel abroad. Ten of them went overseas on one occasion; seven Governors travelled more than once, records show.
According to the data, Gen (retd) J J Singh, who was Governor of Arunachal Pradesh from 2008 until May 2013, was the most frequent flier, making nine trips abroad during his tenure, six of which have been described as “private” in the Home Ministry’s reply.
Five of these private visits were to UK-France; one to the US-Canada. He spent a total 73 days abroad on these trips, according to records.
One of Gen Singh’s trips abroad was to Dubai for eight days in 2011 “to participate in the Dubai Desert Classic Golf Tournament”. This trip has not been marked “private” in the RTI reply; however, reached for a comment, Gen Singh said this was not an official visit.
Two of the former Governor’s official trips were to Singapore, the details of one of which he was unable to recollect. About the other trip to Singapore, and his personal visits abroad, Gen Singh said, “My trip to Singapore was to address the Singapore International Water Week in June 2009, and to deliver a talk on the water resources of Northeastern India. The details of the event, in which the Prime Minister of Singapore participated as the chief guest, are available on the Internet.
“Regarding my private visits abroad during my tenure of over five years, they were primarily to spend time with my son and his family in Normandy. We consider it a duty and an obligation to spend a week or two with our children and grandchildren at least once a year. Besides that, I visited UK, USA and Canada in connection with the release of my autobiography, ‘A Soldiers General’, which was launched in Delhi in 2012.”
D Y Patil, who is currently Governor of Bihar, had, as Governor of Tripura in 2011, visited Bangladesh for four days on an “invitation from the Bangladesh Foreign Minister”, according to the reply. Between May 1 continued…

The flood effect: Centre asks if Jhelum can be made to skirtSrinagarPrint
A damaged houseboat on the banks of Jhelum river in Srinagar. (Source: PTI)
Written by Amitabh Sinha | New Delhi | Posted: September 30, 2014 1:56 am | Updated: September 30, 2014 2:00 pm
Following the worst-ever floods in Jammu & Kashmir earlier this month, the Centre has asked a team of experts to assess whether the Jhelum river can be diverted around Srinagar town to avoid a similar catastrophe in the future.
The decision comes after J&K Chief Minister Omar Abdullah wrote to Prime Minister Narendra Modi a few days ago seeking an in-depth study on whether an alternative channel for the Jhelum could be created to carry extra water during a flood.
Accordingly, an expert team under chairman of the Central Water Commission has been asked to assess the reasons for the flooding, and whether an alternative channel circling the town is technically and financially feasible.
The proposal to divert the Jhelum is not new, official sources said. It has been talked about in the state as a permanent solution to the flooding and water-logging that is regularly witnessed during the rainy season. It is estimated that Rs 8,500 crore would be required to create this channel. However, the proposal was never concrete enough to be included in formal discussions between the state government and the Centre during earlier meetings on flood control measures.
Officials, however, said that even if an additional channel to carry Jhelum water was in place, it could not have prevented the kind of flooding witnessed this year.
“This year was an unprecedented situation. There is little that can be done to avoid this kind of a situation,” CWC chairman Ashwin Pandya said.
Interestingly, till March this year, the Centre and the state government were discussing a Rs 2,000 crore plan to strengthen the embankments of the Jhelum, which gave in during heavy rainfall at the start of September. This was the primary reason for sudden flooding of Srinagar town, most of which lies lower than the river-bed of the Jhelum. The project was still to take a final shape and would have been carried out over the next few years. As an immediate step, however, Rs 100 crore was given to the state government to do emergency repair on the embankments, but it turned out to be a case of too little, too late.
The expert team under Pandya has now been instructed to conduct a comprehensive study of the Jhelum flood plain and explore every option — not just the option to create an alternative channel, which some experts consider not viable — to prevent a similar tragedy in the future. The team is likely to submit its report by October-end.

http://usat.ly/YFSFbXStocks end lower amid Hong Kong protests
Add Hong Kong protests to the long list of geopolitical fears rattling Wall Street.
Post to Facebook
Stocks end lower amid Hong Kong protests Add Hong Kong protests to the long list of geopolitical fears rattling Wall Street. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/YFSFbX
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
28
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Stocks end lower amid Hong Kong protests
Adam Shell and Kim Hjelmgaard , USA TODAY 6:08 p.m. EDT September 29, 2014
Pro-democracy demonstrators hold up their mobile phones during a protest near the Hong Kong government headquarters on September 29, 2014.
(Photo: Dale de la Rey, AFP/Getty Images)
944 CONNECT 192 TWEET 13 LINKEDIN 28 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Pro-democracy protests in Hong Kong spooked Wall Street Monday, as investors fear the unrest could further weigh down mainland China's slowing economy, morph into a wider protest that could create instability in Beijing and undermine confidence in market-friendly Hong Kong.
The street protests caught Wall Street by surprise, causing uncertainty to spike and continuing the U.S. stock market's recent run of sharp up-and-down price movements. At one point Monday, the Dow Jones industrial average was down nearly 170 points, but the U.S. market pared its losses and the Dow finished down 42 points, or 0.3%, to 17,071.22. The rebound enabled the Dow to snap a five-day streak of closing with a triple-digit gain or loss.
The Standard & Poor's 500 index dropped 0.3% to 1,977.80 and the Nasdaq composite fell 0.1% to 4505.85.
Dump stock due to Hong Kong? http://t.co/f6dKuieDsn
— Matt Krantz (@mattkrantz) September 29, 2014
The protest -- sparked by China's plans to limit Hong Kong voters' choice of candidates in the 2017 election -- is the latest geopolitical flare-up to get Wall Street's attention, and cause investors to pare back their risk-taking. U.S. stocks have been dogged by global uncertainty in Iraq, Syria and the Ukraine. The stock market has also been victimized by profit-taking in recent days as investors react to a market that hit record highs a little more than a week ago.
Hong Kong's 'umbrella revolution' opens wide
Hong Kong's Hang Seng stock index fell nearly 2% Monday.
Hong Kong, which was transferred back to China in 1997 by the U.K., is a major player in global markets, best known for trade, real estate and banking -- and its key port that moves products in an out of China. It has been operating under the so-called "one country, two systems" setup for 17 years. Its market-based economy has been a plus for communist China, just as China's booming economy has been a positive force for Hong Kong.
Dog of the day: Tonix Pharmaceuticals, off 50%. http://t.co/cJnxVeypXu
— Gary Strauss (@gstrauss_) September 29, 2014
"Markets are jittery because anything that threatens Hong Kong's status as a one country, two systems place could impact the world economy, with the biggest impact on companies based or listed on the Hong Kong stock exchange," says Rod Smyth, chief investment strategist at Riverfront Investment Group. "Hong Kong has been message of hope, with many hoping China will become more like Hong Kong. The risk is this thing escalates and China starts to get mad at protesters and comes in with a heavy hand and changes other things."
The demonstrations in Hong Kong that began Sunday had money managers wondering if a repeat of the Tiananmen Square protests in spring 1989 was brewing.
FLASHBACK: '89 Tiananmen Sq. protest did not sink U.S. stocks
U.S. stocks were not upended by the high-profile street protests back in Beijing back in 1989. In fact the index rose 8% from the unofficial start of the Tiananmen Square uprising on April 15, 1989, until June 4, 1989, the day the government crackdown intensified and resulted in deaths that ended the standoff, USA TODAY research shows.
Wall Street fears that the pro-democracy uprising could spread to mainland China, in "the Asian version of the Arab Spring," a development that would likely cause turbulence in Beijing, says Quincy Krosby, a market strategist at Prudential Financial.
Investors stomp brakes on Ford stock; $F lost 7.5% today (Ford photo) http://t.co/vcjHRaARyh pic.twitter.com/iaymltHpBa
— USA TODAY Money (@USATODAYmoney) September 29, 2014
"It creates uncertainty," says Krosby. "That's what is gripping the markets. The question is, how does this play out  if protesters keep protesting. How much are Chinese authorities going to up the ante. And if they do up the ante, that will lead to questions about China."
Adds Axel Merk, chief investment officer at Merk Investments: "If the fragile economy in China gets affected, if there is a spillover to cities there, if the protests create a pro-democracy movement on the mainland, China's stability is at risk. That's the real fear."
The Hong Kong Stock Exchange is the fifth largest in the world, when measured by the market value of the companies listed on the exchange, according to the World Federation of Exchanges, citing data through the end of August. (WFE data does not include the London Stock Exchange.) The Hong Kong exchange has a market cap of $3.4 trillion. Only the New York Stock Exchange ($19.3 trillion), the Nasdaq Stock Market , and the Japan Exchange Group and Euronext are bigger.
A protester prays at an altar of Chinese Taoist God of War, Guan Yu, set up at a barricade on the main road of the occupied area in the Mong Kok district of Hong Kong on Oct. 31. Activists are calling for open elections for the Chinese territory's next chief executive in 2017. 
(Photo: Kin Cheung, AP)
Police officers stand guard next to a picture of Chinese President Xi Jinping holding a yellow umbrella, the symbol of the pro-democracy protest, in the occupied area of the Mong Kok district. 
(Photo: Kin Cheung, AP)
Pro-democracy demonstrators dress as Chinese ghosts for Halloween during their Hong Kong protestes. 
(Photo: Jerome Favre, european pressphoto agency)
Fullscreen
Pro-democracy protesters open their umbrellas for 87 seconds on Oct. 28 as they mark the 87 rounds of tear gas that were fired by police at unarmed student protesters at the same location one month ago in the Admiralty district of Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Alex Hofford, European Pressphoto Agency)
Fullscreen
Hong Kong actress Deanie Yip, left, stands on a stage in front of protesters with singer Anthony Wong, student leader Joshua Wong, Benny Tai, founder of the Occupy Central civil disobedience movement, and student leaders Alex Chow and Tommy Cheung at a rally in the Admiralty district. 
(Photo: Kin Cheung, AP)
A demonstrator photographs people waving lights next to the central government offices. 
(Photo: Alex Ogle, AFP/Getty Images)
A protester opens umbrellas during a rally marking one month since they took to the streets in the Mong Kok district. 
(Photo: Philippe Lopez, AFP/Getty Images)
Hundreds of people attend a rally in the Mong Kok district. 
(Photo: Philippe Lopez, AFP/Getty Images)
Pro-democracy protesters rally outside government headquarters. The banner reads, "I want genuine universal suffrage." 
(Photo: Kin Cheung, AP)
A protester observes a minute of silence at a rally in the Mong Kok district. 
(Photo: Philippe Lopez, AFP/Getty Images)
A demonstrator sleeps in the Admiralty district. 
(Photo: Philippe Lopez, AFP/Getty Images)
A man takes a selfie with an iPad at the pro-democracy protester camp site in the Admiralty district on Oct. 27. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
Protesters read a newspaper at their camp site in the Admiralty district. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
A demonstrator sits outside her tent in the Admiralty district. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
A protester sleeps on Nathan Road in the Mong Kok district. 
(Photo: Jerome Favre, European PressPhoto Agency)
Pro-democracy protesters build a small chair at their makeshift camp outside government headquarters in the Admiralty district. 
(Photo: Vincent Yu, AP)
An elderly man talks about his life to pro-democracy protesters in the Admiralty district. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
Pro-democracy demonstrators gather outside the Hong Kong government headquarters on Oct. 26. 
(Photo: Jerome Favre, European PressPhoto Agency)
Pro-democracy supporters cheer during a press conference outside the Hong Kong government headquarters on Sunday. 
(Photo: Jerome Favre, European PressPhoto Agency)
People walk among tents along the main protest campsite in Hong Kong. At the main protest site a peaceful atmosphere remains as artists freely express themselves and families bring their children feeling a sense of safely.  
(Photo: Paula Bronstein, Getty Images)
A protester draws on the main road of the occupied area of the Mong Kok district Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Kin Cheung, AP)
Activists read in a tent on Oct. 26. Pro-democracy activists were forced to suspend a planned vote on their next steps, due to differing opinions about how to move their month-long campaign forward. 
(Photo: Chris McGrath, Getty Images)
Student leader Joshua Wong attends a news conference at the pro-democracy protesters' campsite in Hong Kong on Oct. 26. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
A protester gives away cutout pictures of Chinese President Xi Jinping as a souvenir on Oct. 26. 
(Photo: Kin Cheung, AP)
Pro-democracy activist Oscar Lee jokes around with his daughter Annecy in their tent on the street outside of Hong Kong's government complex. 
(Photo: Chris McGrath, Getty Images)
A pro-democracy activist has a henna tattoo of an umbrella placed on her wrist on Oct. 25. 
(Photo: Chris McGrath, Getty Images)
People sleep on the street overnight at the main protest site on Oct. 25.  
(Photo: Paula Bronstein, Getty Images)
Members of the pro-government Blue Ribbon group rally during a candlelight vigil in Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
A newly married couple poses with a yellow umbrella for their wedding photograph at the site where pro-democracy demonstrators camp in Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
A pro-democracy protester looks at a makeshift tank in an area occupied by the protesters, outside the government headquarters on Oct. 25. 
(Photo: Vincent Yu, AP)
Pro-democracy protesters, left, argue with a pro-government local resident on Oct. 25. 
(Photo: Vincent Yu, AP)
Pro-democracy protesters gather on the road during an Occupy Central demonstration in the Mong Kok district of Hong Kong on Oct. 24. Activists call for open elections for the Chinese territory's next chief executive in 2017. 
(Photo: Jeon Heon-Kyun, epa)
Pro-democracy protesters camp on top of an underground station in the occupied area of the Mong Kok district in Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Kin Cheung, AP)
Pro-democracy protesters gather in the Admiralty district of Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Philippe Lopez, AFP/Getty Images)
A pro-democracy protester  rests on a barricade in the occupied area of the Mong Kok district of Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Kin Cheung, AP)
A pro-democracy protester stands his ground on a barricaded road in Hong Kong. Major intersections in the city have been paralyzed by mass rallies demanding free elections for more than three weeks. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
Pro-democracy protesters stand their ground on a barricaded road in Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
A woman argues with a Hong Kong police officer about road blockage caused by barricades of pro-democracy protesters while another police officer tries to keep people moving at an intersection. 
(Photo: Rolex Dela Pena, European Pressphoto Agency)
A pro-democracy protester uses a smartphone while seated beside a barricade. 
(Photo: Rolex Dela Pena, European Pressphoto Agency)
Pro-democracy protesters rest in a tent. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
Pro-democracy demonstrators stand their ground on a barricaded road. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
A pro-democracy protester uses a smartphone while at a barricade in Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Rolex Dela Pena, european pressphoto agency)
A protester checks her phone at the main protest site at Admiralty during a downpour  in Hong Kong on Oct. 23. 
(Photo: Paula Bronstein, Getty Images)
Protesters listen to speeches at the main protest site at Admiralty during a downpour as bad weather caused hours of rain in Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Paula Bronstein, Getty Images)
A pro-democracy activist waters a plant placed on a road outside Hong Kong's government complex. 
(Photo: Chris McGrath, Getty Images)
An anti-occupy protester is removed by the Hong Kong police from a crowd of pro-democracy protesters, in the Mong Kok area of Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Alex Hofford, European Pressphoto Agency)
A policeman shouts at pro-democracy protesters to stay back as they try to arrest a protester who led a group to set up a barricade in the Mongkok district of Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
Pro-democracy protesters continue their street occupation amid heavy rain in Hong Kong on Oct. 22. Protesters are calling for changes to the election process. 
(Photo: Jeon Heon-Kyun, European Pressphoto Agency)
Pro-democracy protesters stand continue their protest amid rain in Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
Pro-democracy protesters stand under umbrellas during a rainstorm on a barricaded road in the Mongkok district of Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Alex Ogle, AFP/Getty Images)
Pro-democracy protesters brave heavy rains during their ongoing protest in Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Jeon Heon-Kyun, European Pressphoto Agency)
Pro-democracy demonstrators guard a barricade in the Mongkok district of Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Philippe Lopez, AFP/Getty Images)
A pro-democracy protester reacts as he watches a live transmission of talks between Hong Kong authorities and pro-democracy protest leaders. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
Pro-democracy protesters react as they watch a live transmission on giant screens of talks between Hong Kong authorities and pro-democracy protest leaders. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
Pro-democracy demonstrators react as they watch a live transmission on a giant screen of talks with leaders of the Hong Kong Federation of Students and Hong Kong authorities, in the Admiralty district of Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
A pro-democracy student protester wipes her eyes as she watches with others a live broadcast of government officials meeting with student protest organizers, in the Mong Kok district of Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Wally Santana, AP)
Tens of thousands of protesters gather to listen to the talks between the government officials and the protesters  at the main protest site  in Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Paula Bronstein, Getty Images)
Pro-democracy protesters react while watching a broadcast of the negotiations between representatives of government and student protesters in the Mong Kok District of Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Jeon Heon-Kyun, european pressphoto agnecy)
People watch televised talks between pro-democracy student leaders and senior government officials on Oct. 21 at a protest site in the Mong Kok district of Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Philippe Lopez, AFP/Getty Images)
People watch televised talks between student leaders and senior government officials. 
(Photo: Philippe Lopez, AFP/Getty Images)
Pro-democracy protesters watch a live telecast of talks between Hong Kong authorities and pro-democracy protest leaders in the Admiralty district. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
Hong Kong Federation of Students leaders Yvonne Leung, left, Nathan Law, Alex Chow, Lester Shum and Eason Chung attend talks with government officials at the Hong Kong Academy of Medicine in Wong Chuk Hang. 
(Photo: Anthony Kwan, Getty Images)
A pro-democracy protester smokes next to a barricade in the Admiralty district. 
(Photo: Alex Ogle, AFP/Getty Images)
A pro-democracy protester guards a barricade after midnight in the Mong Kok district. 
(Photo: Rolex Dela Pena, epa)
Pro-democracy protesters set up a barricade in the Mongkok district on Oct. 20. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
Police and protesters continue their standoff in Mong Kok. 
(Photo: Paula Bronstein, Getty Images)
Pro-democracy student protesters study during a rally in the Admiralty district. 
(Photo: Jeon Heon-Kyun, European Pressphoto Agency)
A pro-democracy student protester looks up from her smartphone at the protest site in the Mong Kok district. 
(Photo: Wally Santana, AP)
A Hong Kong police officer looks at an effigy of the city's embattled Hong Kong Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying as his colleagues monitor pro-democracy protesters. 
(Photo: Alex Hofford, European Pressphoto Agency)
Pro-democracy protesters dress for a graduation photo at a barricade in the Mong Kok district. 
(Photo: Kin Cheung, AP)
Tents are set up at the main protest site on Oct. 18. 
(Photo: Paula Bronstein, Getty Images)
A policeman puts on his helmet during a standoff with pro-democracy protesters in the Mong Kok district. 
(Photo: Alex Ogle, AFP/Getty Images)
A pro-democracy protester looks through binoculars. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
Protesters wear protective gear made from plastic bottles. 
(Photo: Kin Cheung, AP)
Police officers stand guard at an intersection that was retaken from pro-democracy protesters. 
(Photo: Alex Ogle, AFP/Getty Images)
Images of Hong Kong Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying are pasted onto umbrellas. 
(Photo: Alex Ogle, AFP/Getty Images)
People jeer and yell at police officers on Oct. 17. 
(Photo: Alex Ogle, AFP/Getty Images)
Police use pepper spray against pro-democracy protesters on Oct. 17. 
(Photo: Anthony Wallace, AFP/Getty Images)
A local Hong Kong journalist collapses after being hit in the face with pepper spray by police on Oct. 17. 
(Photo: Alex Ogle, AFP/Getty Images)
A protest organizer makes a call after retaking a section of road on Oct. 17 in the Mong Kok district of Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Wally Santana, AP)
Pro-democracy demonstrators face police during a standoff in the Mong Kok district. 
(Photo: Ed Jones, AFP/Getty Images)
Protesters scuffle with riot police. 
(Photo: Kin Cheung, AP)
Police push through demonstrators during a clash in the Mong Kok district. 
(Photo: Anthony Wallace, AFP/Getty Images)

http://usat.ly/1rFBiUGFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Ford warns Wall Street airbag recall to cost $500M
Ford Motor told Wall Street that the automaker will have to spend $500 million to fix airbag and safety belt flaws that caused a recall of 850,05 cars last week. Joseph Hinrichs, president of The Americas --
Post to Facebook
Ford warns Wall Street airbag recall to cost $500M Ford Motor told Wall Street that the automaker will have to spend $500 million to fix airbag and safety belt flaws that caused a recall of 850,05 cars last week. Joseph Hinrichs, president of The Americas -- Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/YHv6zx
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
1
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Ford warns Wall Street airbag recall to cost $500M
James R. Healey , USA TODAY 3:21 p.m. EDT September 29, 2014
The hot-selling 2014 Ford Escape compact SUV is one of the about 850,000 vehicles recalled by Ford for a problem that could keep the airbags from deploying.
(Photo: Ford)
26 CONNECT 21 TWEET 1 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Ford Motor told Wall Street that the automaker will have to spend $500 million to fix airbag and safety belt flaws that caused a recall of 850,05 cars last week.
Joseph Hinrichs, president of The Americas -- Ford Motor's operation mainly in North and South America -- said in a conference call with investment analysts Monday that Ford would have to spend half a billion dollars to fix a potential short circuit.
The defect in a control module could prevent airbags from deploying in a crash, prevent the belt pre-tensioners from working when a crash is imminent, and could prevent the stability-control system from working properly.
Ford says it knows of no accidents or injuries as a result of the flaw. Dealers will replace the control module free on affected vehicles.
The action involves 2013-2014 Ford C-Max, Fusion, Escape and Lincoln MKZ vehicles in North America.
Hinrichs offered the amount to help explain to analysts why Ford will be "on the lower end" of the 7% to 9% profit margin range it previously gave to analysts.
The recall -- at a time Ford is wrestling with an image of iffy quality -- hits some of the automaker's high-profile vehicles.
Ford told analysts its quality scores in North America are back about to where they should be, measured by number of problems owners report to surveyors.
26 CONNECT 21 TWEET 1 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/YHv6zx
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

Denver Health Officials Hold News Conference on EnterovirusSPECIAL LIVE COVERAGE FROM ABC NEWS
RADAR: Heavy Rain and Storms Moving Across Eastern US
EXPLORE.ORG: Underwater Sea Nettles Cam
WARNING: VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAMING COVERAGE
LIVE Coverage Calendar

Local housing market s cool-off continues5
Some areas are seeing that slowdown taking shape. In Evanston, nondistressed properties saw a median price increase of 3 percent year over year in August, according to Midwest Real Estate Data LLC, the local multiple listing provider.
"I'm not feeling bullish about price increases, but I do feel stability," said Mike Thomas, an @properties agent. "For us, 2013 felt like much more of a normal cycle. This year, the winter was so brutal that the first quarter was not as busy. I expected the rest of the year to pick up, and it hasn't."
Among Chicago-area counties, the declines in sales volume included a 16 percent slump in Cook and Kendall counties, and drops of 23 percent in Lake County and 9 percent in DuPage County.
Bucking that trend was Will County, where August sales rose 10 percent from a year ago.
"We got really hit hard with the foreclosure market and the short-sale market," said Ed Prodehl, president and owner of Coldwell Banker Honig-Bell. "That's the reason we've had a bigger surge than other places. People were laughing at Will County. Now we're coming back fast and rapid."
Nationally, there continue to be concerns about mortgage availability, particularly for first-time buyers entering the market. In August, like July, first-time buyers accounted for 29 percent of home sales, a percentage they have been hovering around for 16 of the past 17 months.
The average FICO credit score of closed mortgage loans was 727, while the average FICO score of applications denied was 695, the highest it has been since December, according to mortgage software company Ellie Mae.
Nothaft predicts that mortgage rates will continue their gradual rise, particularly in the second half of next year as economic growth picks up. By December 2015, the average interest on a 30-year, fixed-rate mortgage will be 5 percent, he said.
"When I talk to people, I like to tell them rates are cheap and they're going to go all the way to low," Nothaft said.

Ill-health keeps Lata away from 85th birthday celebrationCelebrity
When Lata Mangeshkar gave her birthday celebrations a miss
Sachin Tendulkar said that Lata Mangeshkar's music has always calmed him down. He also wished Lata Mangeshkar a speedy recovery.
Legendary singer Lata Mangeshkar, who turned 85 Sunday, skipped her birthday celebrations as she was not well.
1 / 10
Yahoo India Movies | Photo by Yogen Shah
Mon 29 Sep, 2014 2:30 PM IST

Hong Kong protests hurt U.S. stocksHong Kong protests hurt U.S. stocks
By Jesse Solomon   @JesseSolomonCNN September 29, 2014: 11:03 AM ET
 
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
The world is flat when it comes to stock market jitters today.
Stocks dropped sharply in morning trading Monday after worries about pro-democracy protests in Hong Kong spilled over to most U.S., Asian and European markets.
The Dow dropped about 160 points in early trading before investors trimmed the loses. The Dow finished the day down just over 40 points. The S&P 500 and Nasdaq also edged lower. At one point the Nasdaq fell nearly 1% before it also lessened the alarm to end only 0.14% in the red. Energy stocks took the biggest beating.
According to Art Hogan, Chief Market Strategist for Wunderlich Securities, there are some questions over whether the protests in Hong Kong could spread to mainland China.
The Dow had a rocky day, but managed to pare losses before the close.
"We're watching in real time protests picking up momentum," he said. "Whatever transpires from this, could that slow the Chinese economy spread even more than we're worried about it slowing down?"
It's not clear if everyone feels that way. While Hong Kong's Hang Seng index fell 1.9% Monday, Shanghai's SE Composite Index edged up.
Beyond China, Hogan feels investors are still nervous about Europe's economy taking a further hit from the West's sanctions against Russia over its actions in Ukraine.
Those issues are for now trumping any optimism about the U.S. economy, Hogan claimed.
 
5 surprising labor market facts
Monday's losses come on the heels of a rough week for the stock market. The S&P 500 and Nasdaq indexes are both down over around 1.5% for the month of September, which is often known as a tough one for stocks.
Still, many investors aren't buying the notion that the market is overvalued. Goldman Sachs put out a report Monday that noted that return on equity (ROE), a closely watched metric of corporate profits, is at its highest level in eight quarters. The bank said the market's current valuation is therefore justified since big businesses are healthy.
Regardless of how you view the markets right now, one thing is certain: volatility is back.
After multiple big swings up and down last week, CNNMoney's Fear and Greed Index is sitting squarely in "Extreme Fear" mode.
First Published: September 29, 2014: 11:03 AM ET
Most Popular

Chicago has seventh-highest ATM fees in U.S.2
Consumers typically encounter two ATM fees when using an out-of-network machine: the surcharge by the ATM owner and the fee that one’s own bank charges for using an out-of-network ATM. Bankrate.com combined the two fees.
Bankrate surveyed a total of 10 banks and thrifts in each of 25 big U.S. markets. It looked at one interest and one non-interest account at 247 institutions.
The average overdraft fee has set a new record for almost every year  Bankrate.com has done the survey.
Chicago’s average overdraft fee was $31.80, tied with Kansas City, Mo., for the sixth-lowest. The national average was $32.74.
Cities with lower overdraft fees were: Dallas, Cincinnati, San Diego, Los Angeles, and, at $26.74, San Francisco.
Fees for using out-of-network ATMs rose 5 percent over the past year and are up 23 percent over the past five years, Bankrate.com said.

Beijing Election Plan for Hong Kong Will Be Genuinely Competitivereddit
HONG KONG -- The Standing Committee of the National People's Congress in its recent decision has sketched out a broad framework for the election of the Chief Executive of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region by universal suffrage in 2017. Many among us are disappointed that the framework is not as open and flexible as one may have wished. However, the outcome was not totally unexpected, given that any arrangements made for the election of the CE by universal suffrage must comply with the legal requirements of the Hong Kong Basic Law.
Whatever shortcomings that the NPC-approved framework may have, it is still an important step forward. The alternative is to continue the election of the CE by the Election Committee in 2017, which no one wants to see happen. The NPC Standing Committee decision has actually not specified the details of implementation, leaving plenty of decisions to be made and work to be done locally, before universal suffrage can be implemented and realized.  After all, "the devil is in the details." It is therefore time for the people of Hong Kong, regardless of their political persuasion, to put aside their differences and work together to make the election of the CE of the HKSAR by universal suffrage a reality in 2017.
There is little time to waste as there are three more steps to go before the election of the CE by universal suffrage can take place -- and each step will take time. The NPC Standing Committee decision is supposed to apply to the CE elections by universal suffrage in Hong Kong beginning with 2017. However, if the CE election by universal suffrage fails to be implemented in 2017, it will be necessary to start the five-step process all over again to make possible the CE election by universal suffrage in 2022. It does not appear that waiting until 2022 to implement the CE election by universal suffrage will necessarily improve the terms, since, in particular, it will depend on the prevailing conditions then. If we fail to take advantage of this opportunity to implement universal suffrage in 2017, not only will we continue with the existing Election Committee system, but we shall further delay the introduction of the election of the Legislative Council (LegCo) by universal suffrage to 2024 or beyond. This is definitely the time to move forward.
The Selection of the Members of the Nominating Committee
The NPC decision specifies that the size and composition of the CE Nominating Committee and the method of selection of its members should essentially follow the principles and practices of the existing Election Committee. This means major changes are not likely to be possible for the 2017 CE election. However, marginal changes are still possible, for example, the abolition of corporate voting in some of the functional constituencies. In the future, looking beyond 2017, one of the ways in which the composition of the Nominating Committee may change gradually is when more and more of its ex-officio members, for example, the members of the LegCo and the district councils, are elected by universal suffrage.
The Threshold for Becoming a Nominee Before the Nominating Committee
It makes practical sense and is probably the easiest way to achieve a consensus among us to maintain the requirement of open endorsement by at least one-eighth of the members of the Nominating Committee, analogous to the requirement of the existing Election Committee, for a person to become a nominee as a candidate for the CE. Each member of the Nominating Committee can openly endorse only one nominee, but is not required to endorse any. This will mean that in principle, it is possible to have up to eight nominees before the Nominating Committee, which will then select from among them by democratic procedures two to three CE candidates for election by universal suffrage. In actual practice, it is unlikely to have eight nominees but certainly possible to have more than three nominees, including at least one nominee supported by the Pan-Democrats. If a ceiling is imposed on the total number of endorsements that a nominee can round up, say, also at one-eighth of the membership of the Nominating Committee, it is likely to lead to more nominees.
The Procedures for the Nominating Committee to Nominate CE Candidates
Analogous to the voting procedure of the Election Committee, voting of the Nominating Committee on the nominees should be conducted by secret ballots. Each nominee will come up for a vote by the entire membership of the Nominating Committee.  He or she must obtain more than half of the votes of the members of the Nominating Committee (say, 601 affirmative votes based on a Nominating Committee of 1,200 members) to become a CE candidate. However, in the event that more than three nominees have received more than half of the votes, which is a possible outcome given the proposed threshold of endorsement by one-eighth of the members for a person to become a nominee, the three nominees with the highest number of affirmative votes will become the CE candidates.  It is possible at some future date that the restriction of up to three CE candidates may be relaxed as the total number of CE candidates will always be limited by the threshold required for becoming a nominee. Also, under this system, there is no a priori reason why a nominee supported by the Pan-Democrats cannot become one of the candidates if the platform of this person is sufficiently appealing and credible.
The Election will be Genuinely Competitive
The election of the CE by universal suffrage, with the candidates selected by a Nominating Committee, will be quite competitive. This is because the candidates will have to compete for the votes from among more than five million eligible voters. We may recall how competitive the last CE election turned out to be within the Election Committee, even though only 1,200 people had the vote. Election of the CE by universal suffrage will be many times more competitive as the candidates try to differentiate their respective platforms to compete for the votes of the electorate. For a voter, even if his or her ideal nominee fails to become a CE candidate, he or she will still have the chance of voting for a candidate with the closest similarity to his or her ideal candidate in terms of ideology and platform. The vote of every person will count.
Voting Arrangements for Electing the CE by Universal Suffrage
The Election Committee has in the past followed a rule that requires the winner of an election for the CE to receive the affirmative votes of more than half of its members, that is, 601 out of 1,200.  We believe this is a good principle that should be extended to require that the CE elected by universal suffrage must also receive half of the total votes cast in that election (including valid ballots in which the voters abstain from voting for any of the candidates, in effect, voting for "none of the above").  Thus, for example, if there were three candidates, and none of them receive more than half of the total votes cast, there will be a run-off election between the candidates with the two highest numbers of votes. The run-off election is a standard arrangement in many countries, for example, France, in which the chief executive or president is directly elected by universal suffrage. The purpose of a run-off election is to guard against the possibility of a fringe or extremist candidate being elected under a "first-past-the-post" rule, which may not be in the best interests of the vast majority of the people in the country or region. Moreover, it also ensures that whoever ultimately wins the election will have had the opportunity to modify his or her platform before the run-off election to better reflect the mainstream aspirations and views of the electorate so as to attract the votes of voters who have not voted for him or her in the first round. In any case, it will help ensure that the winner of the election will not have extreme positions on either end of the political spectrum.
A notable exception to the run-off arrangement is the presidential election in Taiwan, in which the "first-past-the-post" rule is used. Under this rule, in the case of three candidates, the one with 34 percent of the votes cast will become the winner if the other two candidates receive 33 percent each of the votes cast. This is similar to the situation in the 2000 election in Taiwan, in which Chen Shui-bian won the election with less than 40 percent of the total votes cast.  If there had been a run-off election between Chen and James Soong, the candidate with the second highest vote, Chen would probably not have been elected. Thus, it is important for Hong Kong to be prepared to have a run-off election if necessary. If nothing else, it would enable the elected CE to have a reasonable claim of a mandate from the voters.
In a run-off election, or in an election with only two candidates, if neither of the candidates have platforms that are attractive enough, it is possible that neither one wins more than half of the total votes cast, including valid ballots of abstention. In that case, it will be necessary to start the entire nomination and election process all over again. The Nomination Committee will have to be reconvened to select new candidates for a new election. Thus, ultimately, the electorate can still have the power to reject truly unpopular candidates. However, since it is not in anyone's interests to have a "hung" CE election, the Nominating Committee must exercise due care in its selection of the candidates so as to avoid this possibility.
Keep the Glass Half Full
If we reject a half-full glass as a half-empty glass, the glass will remain empty. If we accept a half-full glass, there is the possibility that it may become fuller in time. No electoral system in the world is perfect, including that of the United States, especially at the very beginning. Let us take the first step in making the half-full glass fuller! Let us move forward on election of the CE by universal suffrage in 2017!
Lawrence J. Lau is an economist and Ayesha Macpherson Lau is a certified public accountant. The opinions expressed herein are entirely their own and do not necessarily reflect the views of organizations with which they are affiliated.
This piece also appeared in China-US Focus .
Close

United names new chief information officerUnited names new chief information officer
A United Airlines jet
Alex Garcia, Chicago Tribune
A United Airlines plane arrives on the newest runway at O'Hare International Airport Oct. 17.
A United Airlines plane arrives on the newest runway at O'Hare International Airport Oct. 17. (Alex Garcia, Chicago Tribune)
United Airlines
United taps new CIO
United Airlines announced the appointment of Linda Jojo to the post of executive vice president and chief information officer.

Police still seeking suspect in shooting of Ferguson police officerBy Mark Berman September 29 Follow @markberman
Missouri State Highway Patrol troopers searching after the shooting Saturday night. (Christian Gooden/St. Louis Post-Dispatch via Associated Press)
Police in Missouri continue to search for suspects in two weekend incidents involving people shooting at officers, authorities said Monday.
There is no indication that the two shootings were related, Brian Schellman, a spokesman for the St. Louis County Police Department, said in an e-mail Monday morning.
A Ferguson police officer was shot in the left arm during what officials described as a routine stop on Saturday night. Schellman said the officer saw a man in the back of the Ferguson Community Center. As the officer got out of his car, the man ran away, so the officer began to chase him. The man turned and fire shots at the officer, hitting him once in the arm, Schellman said. The officer also fired at the suspect, but police do not think he hit the man.
Still, with the situation in Ferguson remaining incredibly tense in the aftermath of the Michael Brown shooting, there were rumors Saturday night that a suspect had been shot and an officer killed. Police announced relatively soon after the incident that this was not what had happened.
The officer involved had a body camera on him that was not turned on at the time of the shooting, Schellman confirmed.
A few hours later, an off-duty officer from the city of St. Louis was fired at while driving his personal vehicle on Interstate 70, police said. An unknown number of people in a car passing the officer’s car fired multiple times, hitting the vehicle but not the officer. The officer suffered minor injuries from the glass that broke, Schellman said.
The officer was wearing his uniform pants but not his uniform shirt, Schellman said. It is still unclear whether the shooting was a random act or whether the officer was targeted. The officers involved in the two episodes have been treated and released from the hospital, Schellman said.
Still, even as detectives with the county police continue to investigate, there are no suspects, Schellman said.
The incidents occurred came at a time of renewed tension in Ferguson. This began earlier in the week, with the destruction of a memorial for Brown , and continued with the release of a videotaped apology by Ferguson police chief Tom Jackson.
Since Brown’s death on Aug. 9 at the hands of Officer Darren Wilson sparked waves of protests, often met by heavily armed police officers, police have said that officers have faced threats or gunfire. On Tuesday night, several hours after the memorial was destroyed , people fired shots at officers , said Capt. Ronald S. Johnson of the Missouri State Highway Patrol. He also said that protesters threw rocks at police officers, injuring two of them, and threatened other officers.
Officers working in Ferguson have been criticized for wearing “I am Darren Wilson” bracelets and obscuring their nameplates. In a letter to Jackson that was released publicly last week, the Justice Department confirmed that it had asked police working in the city not to wear the bracelets or cover their nameplates.
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He runs Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.

Google v News Corp  round 2 
About the authors
Richard Waters has headed the FT's San Francisco bureau since 2002 and covers Google and Microsoft, among other things. A former New York bureau chief for the FT, he is intrigued by Silicon Valley's unique financial and business culture, and is looking forward to covering his second Tech Bust.
Chris Nuttall has been online and messing around with computers for more than 20 years. He reported from the FT's San Francisco bureau on semiconductors, video games, consumer electronics and all things interwebby from 2004 to 2013, before returning to London.
Tim Bradshaw is the FT's digital media correspondent, and has just moved from London to join our team in San Francisco. He has covered start-ups such as Twitter and Spotify, as well as the online ambitions of more established media companies, such as the BBC iPlayer. He also covers the advertising, marketing and video-game industries. Tim has been writing about technology, business and finance since 2003.
Robert Cookson is the FT's digital media correspondent in London. He covers digital enterprise in media, from the music industry to local newspapers and social networks such as Facebook and Twitter. A former Hong Kong markets correspondent, he is interested in the interplay between old media and new technologies.
Hannah Kuchler writes about technology and Silicon Valley from the FT's San Francisco bureau. She covers social media including Facebook and Twitter and the dark and mysterious world of cybersecurity. Hannah has worked for the FT in London, Hong Kong and New York, reporting on everything from British politics to the Chinese internet.
Sarah Mishkin in a correspondent in San Francisco, where she covers payments, e-commerce, and political news on the West Coast. Prior to California, she has worked as an FT reporter in New York, London, Abu Dhabi, Hong Kong, and most recently in Taiwan, where she covered Chinese internet companies, semiconductors, and tech supply chains.

Jailed for Maoist links  journalist claims he was wronglyconvictedPrafulla Jha with his wife.
Written by Ashutosh Bhardwaj | Raipur | Posted: September 30, 2014 2:54 am
The boy stopped short. Tightly clutching his school bag, he stretched his hand and felt the old man’s face. “You look just like my father,” he said. Pragya Jha had just returned home from school and met the man his grandmother had often told him about.
Pragya was only a year old when his grandfather Prafulla Jha was arrested in January 2008 and later convicted of sedition and having Maoist links — the first journalist in Chhattisgarh to be held guilty of the offence.
After completing the seven-year term in Raipur jail, Jha was freed on Saturday only to find his city’s landscape having changed almost beyond recognition. “Are these the same roads? I asked my wife. She assured me that we are in Raipur,” he said with his wife Kavita blushing nearby and reminding that his release came a day after he turned 69.
Jha was among seven others, including his son Pratiek, arrested in January 2008 in what the police termed as “the biggest case of urban network of Maoists”. None of them, the court said, was a Maoist.
There were alleged recoveries — a bag of weapons from Jha’s house among others — mostly before police witnesses that formed the basis of their conviction. Among the convicted were two cloth merchants and a tailor, who were held guilty of providing and stitching clothes for the Maoists.
Jha’s case was curious. The court noted that he was not a Maoist and his interrogation report called him “a Gandhian who would never resort to or support violence”. The police had admitted that he was not a Maoist and attributed the bag allegedly recovered from his home to his son, but added that “his arrest was necessary to teach others a lesson”. In a way, he was the victim of the fear psychosis created around the term “urban network”.
A few top Maoists lived in Raipur and Bhilai since late 1980s and were friends with journalists. Their articles used to appear in newspapers and someone had to arrested, and it was Jha.
Seven years later, the “Gandhian” Jha does not hold a grudge. “Yes, I was wrongly convicted and I will fight against it, but I utilised my time inside for reading. I read a lot,” he said.
The first book he asked from the jail library was Tulsidas’ Ramcharitmanas, followed by Bal Gangadhar Tilak’s Gita Rahasya and Mahatma Gandhi’s My Experiment With Truth. “I’d read these books several times earlier. But behind bars, I found rare wisdom in their pages. Gandhi was the only Indian who blended Ramayana and Geeta in his life.”
He soon aroused curiosity among jail staff who wondered “how could an atheist Naxal read religious literature?” So he told them: “Neither I am a Naxal nor these books are religious. I suggested them these books as compulsory reading to know Indian society and culture.”
Due to his daily schedule as a “devout Brahmin”, involving early continued…

Afghan pullout by US must be measured:ModiPrint
Written by Ritu Sarin | New York | Posted: September 30, 2014 2:51 am
Shortly before he left for Washington, Prime Minister Narendra Modi expanded upon the nature of India’s strategic partnership with the US and said that just like the relationship between partners, this relationship too was not “perfect.” He added,
“There is no need to be comfortable on all aspects (of a relationship…)’’.
He was speaking at the forum of the Council of Foreign Relations. Hours before he is hosted by President Barack Obama, Modi advised the US leadership that withdrawal of troops from Afghanistan should be done in a “slow and calibrated’’ manner or the problems that occurred in Iraq’s case would crop up.
He said terrorism was a phenomenon that needed to be tackled globally and reiterated what he had said in his UNGA address: that no distinctions should be made between “good terrorism’ and “ bad terrorism”.
The Prime Minister also spoke about the fact that in the post-Cold War world, India and the US, as two of the world’s largest democracies, have to keep global interests and not individual interests in mind. He mentioned that while in the US, a visible assimilation of people from all over the world was there; in the case of India, its citizens were themselves assimilated all over the world. “As the largest democracies, India and US have to think what they can do to benefit the world,’’ he added.
Modi also spoke of a major foreign policy issue he addressed on the eve of his departure.
He said India and China were now having a ‘’direct” dialogue on the boundary dispute, and needed no form of arbitration for settling it. He said it was now evident to the world that the 21st century belonged to both India and China.
In what is becoming a refrain for him, he spoke about a changing India; the clean Ganga campaign and how he was trying to change the investment environment in India and trying to metamorphose the Indian railway network to attract huge global investments.
On the issue of the status of women in India, he pointed towards External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj and Foreign Secretary Sujatha Singh, both of whom were present and are part of his entourage, to show how India was empowering women. He pointed out that 25 per cent of the strength of his present Cabinet comprised women.

Clash in Meerut village over Rs 50debtPrint
Written by Amit Sharma | Meerut | Posted: September 30, 2014 2:51 am
A debt of Rs 50 escalated into a clash between two groups at a Meerut village late on Sunday night.
The clash, in which five persons were injured, took place at Durveshpur village, leading to tension in the area for nearly two hours. The two groups pelted stones at each other, on houses and a police vehicle. The police had to resort to lathicharge twice to disperse the crowd and allegedly fired bullets in the air.
“Three persons have been arrested. Reports that police fired in the air have not been confirmed… a probe has been ordered. We will take action against if policemen are found guilty,” said M M Baig, SP.
According to police, the incident began when Neetu, a Dalit boy, gave Rs 50 to one Wasit 10 days ago and Wasit failed to pay him back. When Neetu’s brother Bittoo asked Wasit to pay up, Wasit allegedly held Bittoo captive and beat him up. As word spread, people took to the streets and within minutes, the village turned into a battlefield.

2 yrs on  accused held for US designer murder inBangkokPrint
Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: September 30, 2014 2:48 am
The Mumbai Police Monday arrested a 26-year-old man wanted for the February 2012 murder of a famous interior designer from Florida in the US, who was found stabbed and strangled in her hotel room in Bangkok.
Wendy Albano (51), a well known socialite and interior designer from South Tampa, Florida, was found dead in her room at the Fraser Suits hotel in Sukhumvit, Bangkok, on February 13, 2012. Post mortem examination later revealed that she had been stabbed multiple times on the neck and torso and strangled. CCTV footage of the hotel showed an ‘Indian man’ leaving the hotel hours before her body was found.
The suspect was later identified as Ritesh Singhvi (26) whom the Thailand police knew as Albano’s ‘business partner’. Inquiries with the airport authorities in Thailand confirmed that he had left the country for India three hours after the body was discovered.
A special extradition court in the Patiala House court complex, New Delhi, subsequently issued an arrest warrant against Singhvi.
Mumbai Police officers said Singhvi’s arrest was the result of a joint operation by the Mumbai Police Extradition Cell and the Unit I of the Mumbai Police Crime Branch. “We had been working on this case for several months now, and human intelligence was quite useful in Singhvi’s arrest,” said Joint Commissioner of Police (Crime) Sadanand Date.
Officials said while trying to track Singhvi down earlier this year, the police visited his residence on D B Marg and learned from his father, Narpatraj Singhvi, that he had been missing since February 8, 2012 and that he had registered a Missing Persons Compliant with the D B Marg police in this regard. The police then began making inquiries within his friends circle and relatives, which spanned over two to three months.
“Finally, earlier this month, we got a tip off that Singhvi was in Gangakhed in the Parbhani district. After returning to India, he had grown a beard and was staying in a rented room in Gangakhed under the name of Rananjay. Working further on the information, we sent a team to Gangakhed, laid a trap and arrested Singhvi on Monday,” said a Crime Branch officer.
Date added that Singhvi would be produced in the Patiala House court, which would issue further instructions in the case.
Inquiries have also revealed that Singhvi befriended Albano in 2010 through Facebook and she had come to India to meet Singhvi twice between 2010 and 2012. Her parents, Peter and Ellen Greenwald, in a report by an American news portal, were quoted as saying that she was hoping to begin a design and import company with Singhvi.

Karnataka temple appoints two Dalit widows aspriestsPress Trust of India | Mangalore | Posted: September 30, 2014 2:46 am
Kudroli Gokarnanatheshwara Temple here is perhaps the first in the country to appoint two Dalit widows as priests to perform pujas and other rituals.
Last year the temple appointed two other widows as priests who had been performing their duties since then.
Chandravathi from Ranipur and Lakshmi from Chilimbi were appointed as priests in the century-old shrine on Monday, making them the first widows from SC-ST communities.
They were received at the temple entrance by the temple committee members, including the managing trustee and former Union Minister B Janardhana Poojary and taken inside the premises in a procession.
Later they performed pujas and distributed prasad to devotees.
The committee members claimed that this was the first temple in the country to have appointed two Dalit widows as priests.
Speaking on the occasion, Poojary said discrimination against women, especially widows, should be stopped in all walks of life. All women should be treated as mothers, he added.
The principles of social reformer Sree Narayana Guru that all are equal in the eyes of God and possess the same rights will be followed at the temple, he added.
The Guru had consecrated the temple in 1912. This year’s Mangalore Dasara celebrations at the temple was inaugurated by Chief Minister Siddaramaiah on September 19.

Rajasthan bus blast case: 1 gets death  6 to be in jail forlifePrint
Express News Service | Jaipur | Posted: September 30, 2014 2:46 am
Eighteen years after 14 people were killed and 37 injured in a bomb blast in a bus headed to Bikaner from Agra, a Dausa court on Monday sentenced one person to death and six others to life imprisonment.
The accused, associated with Jammu and Kashmir Liberation Front, were found guilty of murder, conspiracy, damage to public property and violation of the Explosives Act.
The district and sessions court in Bandikui found six of the eight accused guilty of murder, damage to public property and violation of Explosives Act and one of them of conspiracy. Abdul Hamid, a resident of Ferozabad in Uttar Pradesh, was sentenced to death and an indemnity of Rs 1 lakh was slapped on him. Six others — Javed Khan (Srinagar), Abdul Ghani (Jammu), Latif Ahmed (Srinagar), Mohammad Ali Bhatt, Mirza Nisar Hussain and Rahish Baig from Agra — were sentenced to life imprisonment.
Additional district and sessions judge Urmila Verma delivered the judgment on Monday amidst heavy security deployment on the court premises. Four supporters of the accused, who came from Jammu and Kashmir, were detained by the police hours before the decision was pronounced in court.
Public prosecutor Vijay Kumar Tiwari told the court that the incident had taken place on May 22, 1996, when a bomb blast in a bus near Samleti village in Dausa on the Jaipur-Agra highway killed 14 people and injured 37 others. The blast followed the Lajpat Nagar bomb blast.
The chargesheet stated that the accused were associated with the J&K Liberation Front and some of them were also involved in the Sawai Man Singh Stadium blast.
The case was investigated by the Crime Investigation Department (Crime Branch).

A beheading in thebackyardNew York Times | Moore (oklahoma) | Posted: September 30, 2014 2:40 am
By: Richard Perez Pena & Michael S Schmidt
Last week, a man beheaded a co-worker at a food processing company in Oklahoma, and stabbed another employee before he was shot and wounded by a company executive. The suspect, identified as Alton Nolen, has a criminal history, and had just been fired from the company, Vaughan Foods. “He recently started trying to convert some of his co-workers to the Muslim religion,” said Jeremy Lewis, a spokesman for the police department in Moore, Oklahoma. It was not clear if proselytising was a reason for his termination.
After being fired, “he drove to the front of the business, running into a vehicle, exited his vehicle, entered the business, where he encountered the first victim, Colleen Hufford, 54, and began assaulting her with a knife,” Lewis said. “He killed Colleen and severed her head.” Then, he attacked Traci Johnson, 43, with the same knife, the police said.
“Mark Vaughan, who is the CEO of Vaughan Foods and also an Oklahoma County reserve deputy, confronted Nolen, and at that time shot him and stopped the threat and the assault,” Lewis said.
Nolen, 30, was convicted in 2011 of multiple drug charges, assault and battery on a police officer, and escape from detention, according to the Oklahoma Department of Corrections.
Nolen was taken to Oklahoma University Medical Center and is expected to survive. He has not been charged. He and Johnson were both listed in stable condition. The Moore police called in the FBI to assist in the investigation.
After the US began its bombing campaign against the ISIS in Syria last week, the FBI and the Department of Homeland Security put out an alert to local law enforcement officials across the country to be on the watch for so-called lone wolves who might respond violently.
A law enforcement official said the FBI had not found any connection between Nolen and the ISIS or other groups. “It’s not a typical workplace response, and given the current environment it is very alarming and is something we are closely looking into,” one of the officials said.
Law enforcement officials said Nolen recently converted to Islam. On a Facebook page that appears to be his, references to Islam began in April 2013, and he called himself Jah’Keem Yisrael. The page is filled with criticism of American culture, and dire warnings for those who do not follow that religion. “This is the last days,” he wrote in his most recent post, last Tuesday. In another, in July, he wrote: “AMERICA AND ISRAEL ARE WICKED. WAKE UP MUSLIMS!!!”
Nolen grew up in Idabel, Oklahoma, and in elementary school, he often had extended absences, bouncing from family member to family member, a former friend, Ryan Impson, recalled. At Idabel High School, Nolen seemed like a normal teenager who played defence on the football team and was a shot-putter on the track team. “He wasn’t into getting into trouble,” said Impson, an engineer who said he lost track of Nolen years ago. “He just did his work. We always joked around. He continued…

http://usat.ly/1nB344QQuiz: What coffee beverage are you?
Which coffee drink do you gravitate to when you need that caffeine jolt?
Post to Facebook
Quiz: What coffee beverage are you? Which coffee drink do you gravitate to when you need that caffeine jolt? Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1jiaLYE
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
3
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Quiz: What coffee beverage are you?
USA Today Network Lori Grisham , USA TODAY Network 11:48 p.m. EDT July 22, 2014
Which coffee beverage are you?
541 CONNECT 34 TWEET LINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Which coffee drink do you gravitate to when you need that caffeine jolt? A latte? An espresso? Or -- are you more of a tea person?
Take USA TODAY's quiz and find out which drink fits your personality best.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1jiaLYE
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

http://usat.ly/1u6GwJDFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Batman swoops in on latest USPS stamp
In honor of Batman's 75th anniversary the beloved superhero he will join the elite ranks of American pop-culture icons on USPS stamps.
Post to Facebook
Batman swoops in on latest USPS stamp In honor of Batman's 75th anniversary the beloved superhero he will join the elite ranks of American pop-culture icons on USPS stamps. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/YD7pIx
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
2
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Batman swoops in on latest USPS stamp
USA TODAY 1:45 p.m. EDT September 29, 2014
Batman stamps join the collection
(Photo: WBCP/DCE/USPS/DC Comics)
860 CONNECT 55 TWEET LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE
In honor of Batman's 75th, anniversary the beloved superhero will join the elite ranks of American pop-culture icons on USPS stamps.
This stamp features Batman with his fists clenched. This muscular, determined Caped Crusader has spent the Modern Age of Comics defending Gotham City from its most notorious villains.
(Photo: WBCP/DCE/USPS/DC Comics)
This stamp highlights Batman as first envisioned by creator Bob Kane during the Golden Age of Comics. The Super Hero's black cape and cowl, and gray suit formed his iconic visual identity.
(Photo: WBCP/DCE/USPS/DC Comics)
This shows Batman swooping into the frame with his cape flying behind him. The image, from the Silver Age of Comics, accentuates the Super Hero's signature glowing white eyes and utility belt.
(Photo: WBCP/DCE/USPS/DC Comics)
This stamp displays Batman dramatically staring up at the Bat emblem. By the Bronze Age of Comics, artists had encased the Super Hero's spare black Bat emblem with a yellow oval. The insignia became the crime fighter's trademark.
(Photo: WBCP/DCE/USPS/DC Comics)

http://usat.ly/YDpF4TFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Should stores be open all day on Thanksgiving?
The traditional Christmas shopping kickoff — the long Black Friday weekend — could completely swallow Thanksgiving Day this year, according to some retail industry analysts. The traditional after-Thanksgiving
Post to Facebook
Should stores be open all day on Thanksgiving? The traditional Christmas shopping kickoff — the long Black Friday weekend — could completely swallow Thanksgiving Day this year, according to some retail industry analysts. The traditional after-Thanksgiving Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/YHTqBb
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
91
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Should stores be open all day on Thanksgiving?
Maureen Wallenfang, The (Appleton, Wis.) Post-Crescent 4:53 p.m. EDT September 29, 2014
Shoppers ride escalators between floors during Black Friday 2013 shopping at Macy's, in Chicago.
(Photo: Andrew Nelles, AP)
25119 CONNECT 35 TWEET LINKEDIN 91 COMMENTEMAILMORE
The traditional Christmas shopping kickoff — the long Black Friday weekend — could completely swallow Thanksgiving Day this year, according to some retail industry analysts .
The traditional after-Thanksgiving retail orgy has started earlier every year over the past decade — from 5 a.m. Friday to midnight to 8 p.m. Thursday. Last year, some stores started Black Friday sales as early as 5 p.m. on Thanksgiving.
Now, according to a report in the Wall Street Journal, Thanksgiving Day may be overtaken completely. While stores haven't announced their opening times yet, "It's inevitable to see them open all day or even earlier than last year," Joel Bines, managing director of retail consulting firm AlixPartners, told the newspaper.
Daytime shopping on Thanksgiving is not entirely new. Stores such as Old Navy and Michaels open limited hours that day. Online shopping is hopping all day as people shop from home while the turkey is in the oven.
The move to all-day Thursday shopping in stores, however, now threatens to gobble up even more of the holiday.
Are you in the camp that enjoys the longer opportunity to shop and take advantage of deals and doorbusters? Or will you forgo the lure of big savings to preserve the holiday and take a stand for retail employees who will lose the holiday altogether?
Tweet your thoughts to @wallenfang on Twitter.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/YHTqBb
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

http://usat.ly/10fGK68FacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Bank fined for mortgage-processing failures
Michigan-based Flagstar Bank was ordered to pay $37.5 million in consumer relief and fines for violating rules designed to help struggling borrowers' efforts to save their homes from foreclosure, a regulator said.
Post to Facebook
Bank fined for mortgage-processing failures Michigan-based Flagstar Bank was ordered to pay $37.5 million in consumer relief and fines for violating rules designed to help struggling borrowers' efforts to save their homes from foreclosure, a regulator said. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vqaust
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
5
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Bank fined for mortgage-processing failures
Kevin McCoy , USA TODAY 8:51 p.m. EDT September 29, 2014
File photo from 2010 shows a a single-family home in foreclosure in Denver.
(Photo: David Zalubowski, AP)
70 CONNECT 43 TWEET 25 LINKEDIN 5 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Michigan-based Flagstar Bank was ordered to pay $37.5 million in consumer relief and fines Monday in the first enforcement action involving violations of federal regulations designed to help struggling borrowers' efforts to save their homes from foreclosure.
The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau imposed the penalties in a consent order after an investigation showed Flagstar took excessive time to process applications for foreclosure relief, didn't notify borrowers whose applications were incomplete, denied loan modifications to qualified owners and delayed finalizing permanent modifications.
The bank's operating procedures and delays ultimately caused some borrowers to abandon efforts to save their homes. According to the CFPB, one former Flagstar manager recalled borrowers saying: "You know what, my home can just go to foreclosure. I'm not faxing any documentation anymore."
The bank's actions violated CFPB mortgage-servicing rules that took effect in January and affected approximately 6,500 borrowers nationwide whose home loans were serviced by Flagstar. The borrowers will receive $27.5 million in relief, with at least $20 million of that total going to approximately 2,000 victims of foreclosure, the CFPB said.
Bank of America paying $7.65M to U.S. http://t.co/UGcNairvcC
— USA TODAY Money (@USATODAYmoney) September 30, 2014
Flagstar is also required to mount a new outreach effort to assist borrowers who still have their homes, pay a $10 million fine and ensure that the violations don't recur.
"These unlawful practices caused many consumers to lose the homes they'd been trying to save," CFPB Director Richard Cordray said during a phone conference with news reporters. "That is wrong, and it's unacceptable."
Flagstar shares closed up 1.9% at $16.56 on Monday. The bank, which had previously disclosed it was in settlement talks with the CFPB, neither admitted nor denied the allegations.
"This resolution is in the bank's best interest and allows us to continue building a great company that is poised for sustainable, long-term growth and value creation, benefitting our shareholders, customers and the communities we serve," bank CEO Alessandro (Sandro) DiNello said in a statement . "The dedicated employees of Flagstar Bank have completed thousands of successful loan modifications and work incredibly hard to meet and exceed the needs of our customers."
The enforcement action focused on the type of foreclosure problems that exploded from coast to coast following the nation's real estate market collapse and financial crisis. Many relief programs, intended to provide alternatives to foreclosure that help both homeowners and lenders, instead have bogged down amid red tape, delays and other problems.
The CFPB investigation found that from 2011 to the present Flagstar:
Lacked adequate staffing for its loss-mitigation programs. Only 25 employees and a third party-vendor in India were assigned to handle 13,000 applications for mortgage relief.
For a time took as long as nine months to review a single application. One former employee described the bank's loss-mitigation process as "literally me in a cubicle with my giant file drawer just pulling [applications] out one at a time."
Operated a foreclosure-assistance call center where the average wait time was 25 minutes, and nearly half the callers seeking help abandoned the calls.
Amassed more than 1,000 backlogged applications seeking foreclosure help.
The practices violated consumer protections against improper or deceptive practices enacted under the 2010 Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, as well under the consumer agency's new rules, the CFPB said.
The rules required evaluation of  completed loss-mitigation applications within 30 days if the documents are received more than 37 days before a foreclosure sale. But the bank didn't meet the timeline, the CFPB said.
Some of Flagstar's processing delays were so lengthy that application documents expired. To move the backlog, the CFPB said bank staffers closed the applications caused by the expirations.
70 CONNECT 43 TWEET 25 LINKEDIN 5 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1vqaust
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

Study Examines Cancer Risk From 1st Atom-Bomb TestAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Modi tells US CEOs: India is open-minded  wants changePrint
New York: India is open-minded and wants change, Prime Minister Narendra Modi said Monday during a meeting with top executives of American companies here Monday.
"India is open-minded. We want change, Change that is not 1 sided. Am discussing with citizens, industrialists and investors," Syed Akbaruddin, spokesperson of the external affairs ministry, in a tweet, quoted Modi as saying.
The breakfast meeting with 11 CEOs, including those of Google, Citigroup and Pepsico, will be followed by one-on-one meetings with six other CEOs of companies like Boeing, IBM, GE and Goldman Sachs.
The morning business engagement is among the most important Modi has scheduled in the US and he is expected to unveil his government's new mantra of "Come, Make in India" - to seek investment and assure them of a red carpet welcome minus the red tape.
Recommend

Tata Power Solar completes five power projects for Chennai SilksTata Power Solar completes five power projects for Chennai Silks
Lyka Labs gains on concluding agreement for sale of its Tarapur formulation manufacturing facilitiesHi Guest
Lyka Labs gains on concluding agreement for sale of its Tarapur formulation manufacturing facilities
Lyka Labs is currently trading at Rs 19.85, up by 0.90 points or 4.75% from its previous closing of Rs. 18.95 on the BSE.   The scrip opened at Rs. 19.80 and has touched a high and low of Rs. 19.85 and Rs. 19.40 respectively. So far 150986 shares ...

All eyes on outcome of Narendra Modi-Obama meet | CoverageAll eyes on outcome of Narendra Modi-Obama meet | Coverage
Higher duties hit local mfg of medical devicesHigher duties hit local mfg of medical devices
Singareni s new coal mine to mitigate fuel shortageSingareni s new coal mine to mitigate fuel shortage
Industrial performance down  share of lending to industry upIndustrial performance down  share of lending to industry up
Testing times loom for emerging marketsTesting times loom for emerging markets
Not all developing economies are ready for higher interest rates
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/31cdf0be-4571-11e4-ab86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rescue Effort On For Injured Scientist Trapped In CaveRescue Effort Is On For Injured Scientist Trapped In Peruvian Cave
Posted:
reddit
LIMA, Peru (AP) — Rescuers were working Thursday to save an injured Spanish speleologist who has been trapped for a week about 400 meters (1,300 feet) underground in a cave in Peru's remote Amazon region.
Cecilio Lopez was hurt when he fell 5 meters (16 feet) inside the Inti Machay cave in a ravine in Leimebamba district, 605 kilometers (376 miles) northeast of the capital, Lima.
In this photo released by the Chachapoyas Territory Police, rescue workers gather outside the Inti Machay cave in northwestern Peru, where Spanish speleologist Cecilio Lopez Tercero has been trapped for more than seven days.(AP Photo/Chachapoyas Territory Police)
Rescue coordinator James Apaestegui said a doctor had reached Lopez and found the well-known cave explorer had two damaged lumbar vertebrae that limit his movement.
"Cecilio Lopez is lying face up. He can move laterally but he cannot stand up," said Apaestegui, who is a researcher at the Geophysical Institute of Peru and President of the Andino Caving Club.
A rescue worker stands outside the Inti Machay cave where Cecilio Lopez Tercero is trapped in northwestern Peru. (AP Photo/Chachapoyas Territory Police)
Rescuers said they have been getting food, water and medicine to Lopez, but his extraction has been made difficult by the remoteness of the cave and the cavern itself, which narrows at places.
"He's accompanied (by someone at all times), and is waiting for the stretcher to arrive to begin the evacuation," Apaestegui said, adding that Lopez was in good spirits.
Foreign and Peruvian cavers are trying to rescue Lopez, including a large contingent from Spain.
More:

The Secret To Truly Successful Customer Servicereddit
There's one secret to truly successful customer service that you might be overlooking.
You might think of customer service as taking an order behind the counter of a fast food restaurant or helping a customer pick out a dress at a retail outlet. But customer service is about far more than that, and you need great customer service skills whether you're a telemarketer, an account manager, or even a CEO. If you ever talk to a customer or a client as part of your daily routine, you need to perfect your customer service approach.
But there's a lot of confusion about what really makes customer service effective. Some people insist it's making sure they have a table of formula responses prepared for any scenario. Some people make sure their product is so good that it never requires a customer to call and complain. Still others think that offering discounts and reimbursements is the key to winning over a distraught or apathetic customer.
Consider this tangent: in Malcolm Gladwell's book, Blink, he examines the circumstances around malpractice lawsuits. To paraphrase, he states that most people who experience the negative effects of malpractice never file suit. Instead, the majority of people who file malpractice suits are patients who feel they were ignored or undervalued.
What does that mean to you?
First, it means that customer service is more valuable than you even thought possible. The way you talk to your customer can mean the difference between them sticking with you or abandoning you -- regardless of the objective results.
Second, it means that all it takes to win your customer over, even when the objective data is working against you, is your bedside manner. Even when blatantly wronged by their doctor, if patients were treated nicely with great bedside manner, they refused to file suit.
Take this into consideration no matter how often you speak with customers or what type of situation you face. You could be dealing with a terrible situation, but as long as you treat your customer with care, value, and attention, they'll stick with you for the long haul.
Jose Vasquez is a serial entrepreneur and tech enthusiast dedicated to helping startup technology companies get the direction and momentum they need to succeed. As the founder of Build. Brand. Blast. , Jose has established a collective resource for tech entrepreneurs to consult when brainstorming, creating, launching, or expanding a new business. Jose is also the founder and CEO of Quez Media Marketing, a marketing firm that combines technology and creativity to help new and growing companies get the results they need.
Jose graduated from Goldman Sachs' 10,000 Small Businesses program. Goldman Sachs is a partner of the What Is Working: Small Businesses section.
Follow Jose:

You re Paying Them Too Much to Think for Themreddit
We've all worked for a "My way or the highway!" manager at some point. Perhaps it builds character, but it certainly diminishes an organization's capacity to achieve its best. In fact, the leaders who promote sustainable achievements challenge their people to think and act for themselves.
Case in point: An executive told me she was having trouble getting her leadership team to think and act more independently of her "guidance." She said, "I end up just telling them, do this part then bring it to me and we''ll review it. It's exhausting. And by the way, isn't that what I pay them to do?"
Interviewing her leadership team, I saw this was the way she'd always managed them, and they'd "learned" that doing things their own way came with penalties. They said, "She's brilliant but incredibly impatient. When we did things on our own, or our own way, she was all over us, super critical or just ended up doing them herself."
Directive versus delegative is a key distinction between manager and leader, one that, with some practice on her part, helped her and her team deliver their best results. When delegating, it meant she needed to explain why it was important and relevant to do, delegate what she wanted done, and stop telling them how they should do it.
Think about the manager as the quarterback, running each and every play with the team. A strong leader, in contrast, is more like the coach, guiding the overall effort from the perspective of the big picture; the key strategic and tactical imperatives - and from a careful distance.
The manager's challenge is "How do I get them to do it with me, my way?" But a leader needs to ask the questions that capitalize on his or her investment in people: "What do I need to change in the way I am delegating to launch them into effective, independent action?"
The manager's approach requires constant care -- feeding your people the steps. If your attention turns elsewhere, even briefly, their progress will stall until you give the next directive, all of which eats up a disproportionate amount of your attention, and creates dependency rather than builds capabilities. Good people don't grow in this situation, and they tend to leave -- so overall, this is a recipe for diminishing returns and turnover.
The leader's approach makes the best use of your time and energy: Give your people the strategic and tactical context, the "why" of what you need them to do, and the power to do it their own way, even if it's not the way you would approach it. Let them discover (and learn from) the results they achieve - or fail to achieve -- on their own.
You're paying your key people too much to think for them. Help them help you by having them think at their best, continuously learn, and hold them accountable for the results rather than focus your energy on how they are achieved.
Follow David Peck on Twitter: www.twitter.com/recoveringleadr
More:

Replacing Eric Holder Without Displacing Voting Rights and Civil Rightsreddit
Almost as quickly as news broke that Attorney General Eric Holder was resigning, people began assessing and critiquing his record.  They speculated over his replacement, and will likely continue doing so until an official announcement is made.  But amid all the noise, it's important that we do not lose sight of one undeniable reality:  Eric Holder has been the best Attorney General this nation has ever had in the area of civil rights and voting rights.  I challenge anyone to show me an AG who has done more in this realm than Holder.  The bottom line is you can't; his work is simply unmatched.  Our job is to ensure that his efforts continue on with the next AG, whoever he or she may be.  We in the civil rights community must strongly advocate maintenance and continuance of a Justice Department that will fight aggressively in these areas.
Throughout his tenure, Holder has consistently lived up to the notion of advancing civil rights in this country in an effort to right some of our past -- and present -- wrongs. No other AG made the moves he did in terms of addressing sentencing disparities, unfair mandatory sentencing laws and other discriminatory policies. No other AG combatted efforts towards voter suppression with lawsuits against new voter ID laws and an end to early voting. No other AG aggressively fought for marriage equality, and against gender inequality as he has. And no other AG, including Bobby Kennedy, personally went to the scene of a civil rights complaint as he did in Ferguson, MO.  The list goes on; his track record speaks for itself.
Holder may be questioned in other areas, such as civil liberties, but in those areas, he still stands without peer in my judgment. The reality is that his commitment towards justice and equality has been unrivaled, and it is the same reason why many on the right have attacked him continuously throughout his time as AG.  The issue we confront before we get to who will replace Holder is to prevent his achievements in the areas of civil rights and voting rights from being dismissed, or altered somehow.  The governing principle that this Administration has staked out under Holder must be continued.  The who should come from the what (meaning policies); the what should not come from the who.
When Holder's resignation went public, we immediately contacted the White House's Office of Engagement to encourage that whoever is advising the president on a replacement consider not just the who, but the what. We are sure that advocates in labor, women's rights, the business community and other interest groups will be weighing in their advice as we weigh in ours to whatever team of advisors will engage in deliberations with the president. As a civil rights leader, it is my duty to advocate on behalf of the voiceless and push for a new AG that will carry on Holder's immense work in this space.
Ironically, I was holding a press conference at the National Press Club with the parents of Michael Brown (who was killed by police in Ferguson), and the mother of Eric Garner (who was killed by police in Staten Island from an apparent illegal chokehold), when we received word of Holder's resignation. It was Holder that persistently dealt with policing matters, and just this month even announced a new federal initiative to study racial bias and to build trust between law enforcement and communities. Families like that of Michael Brown, Eric Garner and so many others don't know about lists of potential replacements; they just pray that justice and reform as directed from the top continues to impact police departments and neighborhoods around the country.
They just hope that whatever leanings the Justice Department began to show in dealing with police accountability will not be displaced in a Beltway shuffle of who replaces Eric Holder.
Follow Rev. Al Sharpton on Twitter: www.twitter.com/TheRevAl
More:

Microsoft chief Satya Nadella in hometown 2 CMs may vie for attentionMicrosoft chief Satya Nadella in hometown 2 CMs may vie for attention
Modi heads to Washington for first meeting with President Barack Obama after wooing top US CEOsOct 01, 2014 at  03:51pm IST
Modi heads to Washington for first meeting with President Barack Obama after wooing top US CEOs
45
0
New York: Prime Minister Narendra Modi will leave for Washington in a few hours from now for his first ever meeting with President Barack Obama. The meeting is historic as this will be Modi's first ever meeting with a US president ever since Washington revoked his visa following the communal riots in Gujarat in 2002 when he was Chief Minister.
Obama will host a private dinner for Modi and reports suggest that the Indian delegation will be served vegetarian dishes, keeping the sensitivities of the fasting PM in mind. Modi has been consuming only lime juice or plain water throughout his US trip as it coincided with the Navratri festival which involves nine days of fasting and prayer.
On Tuesday, Modi will hold a one-on-one meeting with Obama, during which the two sides are expected to discuss trade and investment and defence ties besides deliberating on regional security concerns.
The meeting is historic as this will be Modi's first ever meeting with a US president ever since Washington revoked his visa in 2005.
#narendra modi #modi meets obama #modi in america #modi meets america
Modi will then proceed for lunch with Vice President Joe Biden and Secretary of State John Kerry. He will also pay his tributes at the Lincoln Memorial, Martin Luther King memorial and Mahatma Gandhi statue in Washington. He is also expected to attend an event hosted by the Clinton foundation before concluding his five-day US trip.
Rousing welcome in New York
Narendra Modi received a rousing reception in New York on Sunday where more than three dozen top US lawmakers attended the public reception hosted for him at the iconic Madison Square Garden by the Indian-American community.
In an unprecedented welcome for an Indian Prime Minister, the Congressmen and Senators encircled the stage and waited as Modi came up on the stage. Attired in a saffron Nehru jacket and yellow kurta, the PM held the packed indoor stadium spellbound as nearly 20,000 people cheered for him.
Beaming with hope and confidence, the Prime Minister assured the crowd that the 21st century belongs to India. Amidst massive sloganeering in his favour by the ecstatic crowd, Modi said that India is growing at a rapid pace and it has the capability to lead the world.
"The 21st century will be that of India. By 2020, only India will be in a position to provide work force to the world," he said while citing examples of growing global demand for nurses and teachers to the crowd.
Appreciating the efforts put in by the NRIs, youth of the country and technology, he said that it is only through the combined efforts of all that India has been able to come out of the image of the "land of snake charmers".
With an eye on connecting with the NRIs, Modi announced the merger of Persons of Indian Origin (PIO) and Overseas Citizens of India (OCI) schemes to facilitate hassle-free travel. He announced that PIO card holders staying in India on long-term basis will no longer have to report to the local police station.
Modi woos US CEOs
After addressing UN General Assembly on Saturday and Indian-American communities at Madison Square Garden on Sunday, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday met top executives of American companies in New York.
"India is open-minded. We want change," the Prime Minister told the business honchos. "Change that is not one-sided," he added.
The breakfast meeting was attended by 11 CEOs, including those of Google, Citigroup and Pepsico. It was followed by one-on-one meetings with CEOs of six other companies like Boeing, IBM, GE and Goldman Sachs.
James McNerney, the CEO of Boeing said that after the meeting, the company wanted to "accelerate engagement with India".
During his five-day US trip, Modi is expected to unveil his government's new mantra of 'Come, Make in India' - to seek investment and assure them of a red carpet welcome minus the red tape.

A silent warrior  she took on govt overpromisesPrint
Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: September 30, 2014 3:07 am
For Kavita Karkare, dignity always came first. Early this year, six years after her husband ATS chief Hemant Karkare was killed during the 26/11 terror attacks in Mumbai, she returned the “family” pension to the government with a terse response.
A scarred state government in 2008 had issued a Government Resolution, promising martyr’s pension for the families of all the police personnel who lost their lives in the terror attack. Unlike a regular ‘family’ pension, a martyr’s pension, recognising the officer’s sacrifice, holds a promise by the government to take responsibility of the family. With the state government still keeping her dues pending and continuing to send her the regular family pension, Kavita, according to her friends, finally asked the officials to divert the pension to the police welfare fund, stating she would take only what is entitled to her or nothing at all.
Kavita, a lecturer with Nagrik Shikshan Sanstha, passed away on Monday at P D Hinduja Hospital and Medical Research Centre in Mahim after suffering brain haemorrhage at her Dadar residence on Saturday. She was 57. A statement from the hospital in the morning declared her “brain dead”.
The hospital also said that her family members — two daughters and a son — have expressed their wish to donate her organs. By evening, Karkare’s liver, kidneys, and corneas were retrieved for transplant.
Dr P P Ashok, neurologist at the hospital, said, “She was brought to me in a totally vegetative state. She had collapsed by the time they (family members) made it to the hospital”. The doctor, however, noted that such a condition is not triggered by depression or stress.
In the last few years after the 26/11 attacks, Kavita had gained prominent public space as she fought for the compensatory rights to the families of constabulary and ranks. Karkare, Additional Commissioner of Police Ashok Kamte and Inspector Vijay Salaskar were killed when terrorists opened fire on them behind Cama Hospital on the fateful night.
“Grief united us. She would call and check on me every day, and she did this with most others. Even when she travelled outside the country, I could expect a call from her,” said Smita Salaskar, wife of Vijay Salaskar, adding, “There were days when she would just call to say that she is depressed and wanted to speak. Our grief in a way gave us a personal space.”
Kavita’s friends said for the past few years she divided her time between college lectures, family and a long paper trail to fight for compensation and pension rights to constables. She transformed into a “silent warrior” fighting a paper war with the government on pending promises. “She was down to earth and went out of her way to hear the woes of constables and junior officer’s families,” recalls Smita, who met her first when they had to collect posthumous Ashoka Chakra medals for their husbands.

Suicides  deaths linked to Jayalalithaas convictionEmotional AIADMK leaders during their oath-taking ceremony at Raj Bhavan, on Monday. Source: PTI
Written by Arun Janardhanan | Chennai | Posted: September 30, 2014 3:04 am
In the last three days, at least 17 people have reportedly either committed suicide or died of shock due to the conviction of AIADMK chief J Jayalalithaa. A Bangalore special court had sentenced the former CM in the Rs 66.05 crore disproportionate asset case on Saturday. A senior police officer, who refused to confirm the 17 deaths, said at least eight people had committed suicide allegedly due to Jayalalithaa’s conviction. “Deaths due to cardiac arrest are also being attributed to Jayalalithaa’s imprisonment as the deceased were party sympathisers or local leaders from different parts of Tamil Nadu,” he said.
Those who committed suicide include: AIADMK sympathiser from Sivagangai, Subramanaian (70), who consumed poison on Saturday evening; 21-year-old Joshna Jhonsha who hanged herself after the verdict; Nallayirum (48), who threw himself in front of a speeding bus near Tirunelveli during a protest after the verdict; Venkitesan, a party sympathiser in Chennai city who set himself on fire and N Babu (50), an AIADMK functionary, who hanged himself at his residence in Kancheepuram. More suicides allegedly due to the verdict are being reported.
At least 10 reported deaths of AIADMK sympathisers, the police believe, may be related to the conviction of Jayalalithaa. These deaths, reportedly, took place either after the deceased watched the news of her conviction on television or while taking part in the protests. According to police, 10 deaths of party sympathisers have been reported from Virudhu Nagar, Karur, Tiruvannamalai, Pudukottai, Dindigul, Erode, Thanjavur and Salem.

Jayalalithaa moves High Court forbailThe Supreme Court had in July 2013 struck down Section 8(4) of the Representation of the People Act, 1951, which protected convicted MPs and MLAs from disqualification if they appeal before a higher court within three months.
Express News Service | Bangalore | Posted: September 30, 2014 3:00 am | Updated: September 30, 2014 3:02 am
Former Tamil Nadu CM J Jayalalithaa and three others convicted by a special court here in a disproportionate assets case on September 27, approached a vacation bench of the Karnataka High Court on Monday with pleas for bail and suspension of their prison terms.
A special court had on Saturday sentenced Jayalalithaa and her associates V K Sasikala, V N Sudhakaran and J Illavarasi to four-year prison terms and imposed a fine of Rs 100 crore on Jayalalithaa and Rs 10 crore each on the others after finding them guilty in a corruption case.
With the Karnataka High Court closed for Dussehra, the former Tamil Nadu CM and the others approached a vacation bench headed by Justice Rathnakala for relief on Monday. The four separate cases have been posted for hearing for admission on Tuesday.
Meanwhile, on Monday, prison authorities at the Bangalore Central Prison reported that Jayalalithaa watched the swearing-in of her close aide O Paneerselvam on television in the prison.
Prison sources said that Jayalalithaa’s family doctor Shantaram visited the prison on Saturday evening and held discussions with prison doctors about her health. He was not allowed to meet Jayalalithaa due to security concerns. While she had sought a transfer from the prison to a private ward at a hospital citing health concerns, the request was not granted after prison doctors evaluated her health condition, sources said. Prison authorities have also been insisting that Jayalalithaa should conform to prison rules and consume food produced in the prison kitchen as mandated for convicted persons, the sources said.
“We also do not want to risk allowing outside food for her on security grounds. She drank a glass of milk, ate a piece of bread and an apple for breakfast on Monday. She also ate the lunch given normally to all prisoners,” the jail Superintendent Vishwanathaiah said. He said Jayalalithaa was prisoner number 7402 in the prison.
Meanwhile, many people — including Rajya Sabha MP Shashikala Pushpa, actor Sharath Kumar, Jayalalithaa’s sister Shailaja and others— made an attempt to meet her on Monday. They were, however, denied a meeting since they had not obtained the official sanctions needed to meet the former CM.

3 elephants poisoned todeathPrint
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: September 30, 2014 2:57 am
Three wild elephants were found dead in a paddy field in Assam’s Sivasagar district on Monday. Authorities suspect they were poisoned.
The carcasses of the elephants — two males and one female — were found near Kokilamari village by villagers who alerted the police. The police in turn alerted forest department officials.
“A post-mortem examination has been carried out on all three carcasses, a report of which is awaited. While there are no visible external injuries we strongly suspect the elephants were poisoned,” Sivasagar divisional forest officer N K Malakar said over the telephone. He said one elephant was around 20 years old and the other two were aged around 15.
Malakar said the elephants were part of a herd that has been moving from the Kaziranga National Park in the west to the Dibru-Saikhowa National Park on the east for the last few years.
Locals in Sivasagar say the herd is causing extensive damage to standing crops, particularly paddy and plantains.

CPM angry at turban honour forRajnathWhile BJP said there was nothing unusual in the incident, the CPM alleged that the act showed that even a “murderer’’ could go near the Home Minister.
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: September 30, 2014 2:56 am
An RSS worker, who is an accused in a CPM activist’s murder case, placing a turban on Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh’s head during his visit here on Saturday has spurred a war of words between the BJP and the Left party.
While BJP said there was nothing unusual in the incident, the CPM alleged that the act showed that even a “murderer’’ could go near the Home Minister.
CPM legislator V Shivankutty said Suresh is the first accused in the murder of CPM worker Vishnu in 2008. “BJP has allowed the murderer to place the turban on the minister’s head. The incident shows any murderer could get near a Union minister while the BJP is in power,” he added.
RSS worker Suresh approached Singh when he was about to get into a car after visiting Padmanabhaswamy temple. From among party leaders, Suresh moved to place the turban on the head of Singh. Although this was not in the programme schedule, Suresh got the support of the BJP leaders.
On the other hand, BJP state president V Muraleedharan said there was nothing unusual in Suresh presenting a turban to the Union Minister. “This is not a serious issue. He was not convicted and until the outcome of the final appeal in the Supreme Court, we cannot say he is a murderer. The party does not think that a probe into the issue is necessary,’’ he said.
The BJP state president added that several CPM leaders, including politburo members Pinarayi Vijayan and Kodiyeri Balakrishnan, had shared dais with ministers at a time they faced murder charges. “Former chief minister E K Nayanar used to boast about his involvement in the death of a policeman during an agitation,’’ said Muraleedharan.
Home Minister Chennithala said there was no security lapse on the part of Kerala police. “The NSG was in charge of the security of the minister. The RSS leader placed the turban on the minister’s head because the latter allowed the act. It was up to the minister (Singh) to decide who should place the turban on his head,’’ said Chennithala.

http://usat.ly/1wRXvPAEMAIL
Q: Should I dump stock due to Hong Kong unrest?
A: Investors hate uncertainty. Seeing protesters storm the streets doesn’t inspire confidence for the markets. But that doesn’t mean investors should bail out.
Pro-democracy protests spread over Hong Kong Monday. It’s a fast moving situation – but investors aren’t taking chances. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng sold off nearly 2% amid the news. There are some Hong Kong-based companies that are taking it much harder than others. These situations are tough for investors to play. There’s a chance the unrest will settle down and not cause a major financial situation. The famous Tiananmen Square protests in 1989, for instance, was a huge political event. But it wasn’t a big deal for US markets. The S&P 500 jumped 8% during the 7-week drama.
But there’s a risk things get worse. And that’s exactly what keeps investors on edge when watching events unfold a world away. It’s another great example of why global diversification is the only way to survive such turmolt. While Asian stocks belong in many investors’ portfolios, they shouldn’t be a dominant share. A moderately aggressive portfolio should only have a 19% weighting toward developed international stocks, says money management firm Index Fund Advisors. And only a portion of that should be in Asia.
USA TODAY markets reporter Matt Krantz answers a different reader question every weekday. To submit a question, e-mail Matt at mkrantz@usatoday.com or on Twitter @mattkrantz.
Getty

Jewel-Osco hit by data hack8
“What was particularly interesting in this is that the breach came out after they had already notified that there was an initial breach,” said D.J. Vogel, a partner, security and compliance practice leader at Sikich, a professional services firm based in Naperville. “That would suggest that the breach may not have been initially contained.”
The new malware may have captured account numbers, expiration dates, other numerical information and cardholders' names, the companies said. But sensitive information such as Social Security numbers and birthdates were not captured, they added.
Several major chains, including Home Depot, Neiman Marcus and Target, have been hit by data breaches in recent months. Last week, Champaign-based sandwich chain Jimmy John’s said it learned of a data breach involving credit and debit card data at 216 of its locations, including four in Chicago and more than a dozen in the suburbs.
“The same types of attacks that were happening years ago are still causing the same problems,” said Vogel, who noted that consumers generally are not responsible for fraudulent credit card charges.
cComments
Seems to me the best option if you're really concerned is to use Pre-Paid Cards. Yes, there is a minor cost involved when you buy the card but weighing that against the hassle of getting a new debit card, changing CC information AGAIN for places like Netflix or auto debit accounts. The...
Ronald214

Modi arrives in US  to hold talks with ObamaModi arrives in US  to hold talks with Obama
Ailing Arun Jaitley may skip WB  investor meetsAiling Arun Jaitley may skip WB  investor meets
GMS Holdings to Pick Up 25 Per Cent Stake in Strides Unit for $21.9 MillionGMS Holdings to Pick Up 25 Per Cent Stake in Strides Unit for $21.9 Million
Adani  Essar  Hindalco and 6 other SEZs face govt axeAdani  Essar  Hindalco and 6 other SEZs face govt axe
Modi visit to give Indian green energy $1-bn pushModi visit to give Indian green energy $1-bn push
M&M speeds up scooter ride with GustoM&M speeds up scooter ride with Gusto
Kotak Bank buys FTIL s 15% in MCXKotak Bank buys FTIL s 15% in MCX
Strides falls for Shasun s charmsStrides falls for Shasun s charms
Some Bond Markets Weaken on Pimco for Second DaySome Bond Markets Weaken on Pimco for Second Day
Illinois firms keep $100 billion in foreign profit from U.S....18
Deerfield-based Baxter International, a developer and maker of medical products and drugs, has $12.2 billion in foreign earnings that are being continually reinvested overseas, it said in its most recent annual report. If those funds were sent back to the United States, it would face $3.8 billion in federal and state income taxes on that money.
Baxter, in a statement Monday, said it uses overseas profits to fund research and development around the world and to make acquisitions. The company said its decisions "are not made in geographic or operational isolation — an acquisition or expansion in one part of the world can have a direct impact on another part of the world, including the United States.''
Baxter reiterated that if companies are to invest in the U.S. and to remain competitive "we encourage Congress to fundamentally reform the U.S. corporate tax code.''
Other Illinois companies also have money parked overseas.
As of October 2013, Deere & Co. said its foreign subsidiaries had $4.3 billion in earnings that were being "reinvested outside the U.S. indefinitely."
The Moline-based manufacturer also noted in its most recent annual report that in March 2013, it changed the structure of most of its German operations from a branch to a subsidiary. That, in turn, has changed the operations' tax status.
"Formerly, as a branch, these earnings were taxable in the U.S. as earned," Deere disclosed. "As a subsidiary, these earnings will now be taxable in the U.S." when they are paid to the parent company as dividends, the same setup of other foreign subsidiaries of Deere. The earnings of the new German subsidiary remain taxable in Germany, it said.
Deere had no additional comment Monday morning.
Overseas earnings
American companies hold $2.1 trillion in overseas earnings not returned to U.S. Six in Illinois hold a collective $100 billion
Here are the top five U.S. companies and the largest Illinois companies with foreign earnings indefinitely reinvested overseas and not brought back to the United States:
General Electric: $110 billion
*As of June 30 this year, this number grew to $92.9 billion, according to Microsoft.
Pfizer: $69.0 billion

Pricing row hits pharma industryUpdated: September 28, 2014 22:43 IST
Pricing row hits pharma industry
Ramnath Subbu
The Hindu While the overarching objective of providing ‘affordable medicines for all’ is laudable, particularly in India, industry argues that there must be sufficient profit margins for the industry and price control is justifiable only ‘under extraordinary circumstances’.
TOPICS
laws
The competitive scenario does not allow firms to cut prices below certain levels
Last week’s announcement by the country’s drug price regulator doing away with a provision that permitted it to determine the price of drugs considered ‘non-essential’, was the culmination of a conflict between it and drug manufacturers.
In July 2014, the National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (NPPA), the country’s nodal drug price determining body, came out with an order capping the price of 108 drugs not included in the National List of Essential Medicines (NLEM) which lists 652 formulations. This had drawn the ire of domestic and multinational manufacturers who went to court against the order.
“The argument that drug prices need to be regulated and that the scope of price control needs to be enlarged has been overdone and I think the authorities had gone overboard,” Ajay Piramal, Chairman, Piramal Group, told this correspondent. “In India, there is enough generic competition, and so there is no need to bring down the price of everything. People have the choice, and if they do not wish to pay a higher price for a branded drug, they can opt for the cheaper, generic version. I do not understand why government has to step in and bring down prices. Importantly, people should be allowed to choose.”
“Industry was upset as it was only a year after the Drug Price Control Order (DPCO) 2013 was announced and they were just coming to terms with the provisions,” said D. G. Shah, Secretary-General, Indian Pharmaceutical Alliance (IPA), adding, “besides, if there was to be an addition to the list of drugs under NLEM, the decision should have been left to the experts. In the absence of this, it would end up skewing the standard treatment guidelines. It seemed the drugs were added without a medical rationale.”
Core committee
A core committee of industry experts had been set up by the Department of Pharmaceuticals, and after two years of consultations, the committee decided on a list of drugs considered essential based on ‘regional epidemiology’ and taking into consideration cost effectiveness, safety and efficacy. It went into specifics to cover 27 therapeutic segments and dosage forms with the strengths specified. This was the genesis of the 652 formulations under the NLEM.
A year after implementation of DPCO 2013 which fixed price ceilings of 352 drugs with a span of control covering 13 per cent of the pharmaceutical market, in July 2014, the list of 108 drugs sought to hike price control to 20 per cent of the market. Figures from AIOCD Pharmasoftech showed that out of a total pharmaceutical market of Rs.75,690 crore, scheduled products under price control amounted to Rs.9,746 crore (13 per cent) and the addition to the list sought to bring non-scheduled drugs amounting to Rs.5,484 crore (7 per cent) under price control taking the total products under price control to Rs.15,210 crore (20 per cent).
Inter-brand differences
The NPPA had invoked paragraph 19 of the Drug Price Control Order 2013 under which it can cap the price of medicines under ‘extraordinary circumstances’. While invoking Para 19, NPPA had said that there existed huge inter-brand differences in branded generics / off patent drugs, which is indicative of a severe market failure, as different brands of the same drug formulation are identical to each other.
Countering this argument, IPA said “inter-brand differences are not ‘extraordinary’ by any means nor are they an indication of market failure. The inter-brand differences have always existed and were in existence when the NLEM was drawn up. Furthermore, the inter-brand differences would be found in every single formulation which is manufactured by more than one formulator. The result would be that every formulation which has more than one formulator would be brought under price control thereby negating the very purpose of the NLEM 2011 and the National Pharmaceutical Pricing Policy 2012.”
Industry sources said the issue went up to the Solicitor General of India, who felt that the NPPA had overreached its authority by ordering price caps outside the NLEM.
Industry was further incensed when the NPPA said that after cardiovascular and diabetic therapeutic segments, it had identified six more segments to be brought under price control, including tuberculosis, malaria, oncology, asthma, vaccines and anti-retroviral drugs.
Impact
Reacting to the government’s decision to withdraw the guidelines on fixation of prices of scheduled and non-scheduled formulations under Para 19 of the DPCO 2013, Ranjana Smetacek, Director-General, OPPI, said, “this welcome move tells us we are being heard and we look forward to working with the government toward a common goal. We are still trying to understand the precise impact of this order on our member companies.”
After last week’s order, the NPPA cannot, in future, determine ceiling prices of non-scheduled drugs but the July order stays in place. The price cap on the 108 drugs remains unless the courts decide that NPPA should withdraw the price notification. Two cases remain in the Delhi and Bombay High courts filed by the Organisation of Pharmaceutical Producers of India (OPPI) and IPA.
Mr. Shah said the manufacturers had contested the guideline and the order. “The courts can decide to invalidate the NPPA order following the withdrawal of the guidelines and that should happen soon.’’
While the overarching objective of providing ‘affordable medicines for all’ is laudable, particularly in India, industry argues that there must be sufficient profit margins for the industry and price control is justifiable only ‘under extraordinary circumstances’ like an emergency, epidemic or where a monopoly situation exists.
“Price control does not make drugs accessible to the poor or needy but having an NLEM as per standard guidelines is critical,’’ Mr. Shah said. The government’s role in procuring drugs and providing it at low cost to the masses has been underplayed.
The government role in developed markets like the U.K. through the Universal Healthcare programme of the National Healthcare Service (NHS) or even in the U.S. are established models. Closer to home, governments in Tamil Nadu and Kerala have successful models in place to supply free drugs in government hospitals. “Tamil Nadu Medical Supply Corporation’s programme covers 40 per cent of the State’s population and has been implemented in a cost-effective manner. The State procured drugs through tendering. Kerala too has a successfully working model,” Mr. Shah said. The industry’s profit margins have been under pressure. The recent protracted stand-off with trade saw wholesalers and retailers drive a hard bargain with manufacturers for higher margins. The highly competitive scenario too does not allow companies to reduce drug prices below certain levels and continue to maintain scale and profits.
“The recent developments are not in the right direction. There has tended to be a one-sided view and there has not been adequate dialogue between the pricing authority and industry,” Mr. Piramal said. “India has a strong manufacturing base for pharmaceuticals and growth of the industry must be encouraged but if pricing makes it unviable, then companies will not be attracted to manufacture here.”
ramnathsubbu.r@thehindu.co.in

Fees are a scourge on pension fundsFees are a scourge on pension funds
By Pauline Skypala
Data show high fees are biggest contributor to poor performance
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8b015db2-47a9-11e4-ac9f-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Maharashtra polls: NCP leader Kakde s nomination declared invalid10
0
Pune: Senior NCP leader and spokesman Ankush Kakde's nomination as the party candidate for a city Assembly seat for October 15 elections was officially declared invalid during scrutiny on Monday.
Kakde's nomination was rejected as he had missed on tagging a mandatory election affidavit to his nomination forms. A close confidant of NCP chief Sharad Pawar, Kakde missed the 3 PM deadline on Saturday -- the last date of filing of nominations -- to submit the affidavit in time after filing his papers. When he returned with the required affidavit, the door of the election office was closed.
The rejection of Kakde's nomination papers for the prestigious Kasaba Peth seat, currently held by sitting BJP MLA Girish Bapat, has assumed a political hue as it has subsequently left Deepak Mankar as the NCP candidate in the fray.
Ankush Kakde's nomination was rejected as he had missed on tagging a mandatory election affidavit to his nomination forms.
#maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #ncp #election commission #ankush kakde
Mankar, a former deputy mayor of Congress who faced criminal cases, had filed his nomination also as NCP candidate for the same constituency after crossing over to NCP just three days ago which preceded his meeting with former deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar.
When contacted, Kakde confirmed the development and said although Mankar faced criminal litigation in the past, he was absolved of all charges by the court and there were no cases pending against him.
2

Chase takes bigger slice of Chicago banking marketChase takes bigger slice of Chicago banking market
Chase
Anthony Souffle, Chicago Tribune
A man walks past the Chase bank branch at 10 S. Dearborn St. Wednesday, June 11, 2014 in Chicago.
A man walks past the Chase bank branch at 10 S. Dearborn St. Wednesday, June 11, 2014 in Chicago. (Anthony Souffle, Chicago Tribune)
Chase widens lead in Chicago-area market share
Chase holds nearly a quarter of deposits in Chicago area
Chase has widened its market share lead in the Chicago banking market, according to numbers released Monday by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp.
The New York-based bank had market share in the Chicago area of 24.8 percent in the year ended June 30, up from 23.4 percent in the prior year.
Canadian-owned BMO Harris Bank kept its No. 2 position, with market share of 12 percent, down slightly from 12.1 percent.

Facebook ads now showing up across the WebFacebook ads now showing up across the Web
By James O'Toole   @jtotoole September 29, 2014: 2:52 PM ET
Thumbs up for more ads.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Facebook is expanding its advertising reach.
The company launched a new line of business Monday that will display advertisements on sites across the Web on computers and mobile devices.
The business is being run through Facebook's Atlas unit , purchased from Microsoft ( MSFT , Tech30 ) in April of last year.
Related: FBI launches new facial recognition system
Atlas head Erik Johnson said the platform offers an advantage for marketers over most current ad-serving systems, which rely on cookies. Cookies are used to track browsing on desktop computers, but they don't work for mobile devices -- a growing source of Internet traffic.
Atlas solves that problem by tracking people based on their Facebook log-in information. Advertisers using the platform can then request that their ads be targeted to a specific subset of users -- for example, young people in the suburbs using mobile devices.
Related: Sheryl Sandberg stars in a comic book
As its first new Atlas user, Facebook has signed on Omnicom, a global ad agency whose clients include Pepsi ( PEP ) and Intel ( INTC , Tech30 ).
The announcement marks another step in social network's effort to challenge Google ( GOOGL , Tech30 ) and expand its advertising reach beyond Facebook itself. Earlier this year, it announced a new initiative called Facebook Audience Network that serves ads within other mobile applications.
Facebook bought Atlas for between $50 million and $100 million. Microsoft acquired Atlas in 2007 prior as part of its disastrous $6.3 billion purchase of online display advertising company aQuantive.
First Published: September 29, 2014: 2:52 PM ET
Most Popular

Cops find suspect hiding in a bush. His heavy cologne tipped them off.By Elahe Izadi September 29 Follow @ElaheIzadi
Charles Agosto “regretted” wearing so much cologne, police said. (Linn County sheriff’s office)
We’re not in the business of issuing pro tips when it comes to committing crimes, lest they be taken as endorsements of illicit behavior. But we feel compelled to issue this one: When violating (or running from) the law, it’s best to go easy on the cologne.
That’s a lesson Charles Agosto learned too late. After a high-speed chase early Sunday, Oregon cops found the 35-year-old hiding in a bush — thanks in part to the “strong scent of cologne” emanating from the shrubbery, according to the Lebanon Police Department .
“Agosto mentioned he regretted applying cologne on his person prior to leaving his house,” police said. It’s unclear what exact scent Agosto doused himself with that night.
It all began when police tried to stop Agosto, who was allegedly speeding and then didn’t stop when police turned on their sirens. Police said they chased  Agosto, who was driving 100 mph — so fast that the  hood of his Prelude ripped off.
Agosto eventually got away, but a cop did see the Prelude in the driveway of a home. Residents told police a man ran away from the car and across their yard.
“While officers and deputies could not readily see the suspect due to darkness and dense foliage, a strong scent of cologne could be smelled in the area,” the police statement read.
Police called in a K-9 unit, and Agosto was found within minutes, “hunkered down in some shrubbery,” police said. He was charged with reckless driving, trespassing and attempting to elude a police officer.
So remember, whether you’re about to go on a date, take your kids on a long car ride (looking at you, dads) or, heck, even run from the police, a dab or two of cologne will do. Anything more, and you’re just asking for trouble.
Elahe Izadi is a general assignment national reporter for The Washington Post.

Why stars like Lena Dunham ask aspiring artists to work for freeBy Alyssa Rosenberg September 29 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
Lena Dunham, whose book “Not That Kind Of Girl” will be released tomorrow. (Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP, File)
[Update: Just after we posted this, Dunham reversed course and is going to make sure performers get paid. But I am still curious as to why requests like this keep getting made.]
Nothing Lena Dunham does cannot be converted into instant controversy, so it is no surprise that the Internet is grousing over the news that some people performing with her on her upcoming tour to promote her new book, “ Not That Kind of Girl ,” will not be paid. Random House, Dunham’s publisher,  allocated $3.5 million for an advance on the book and have sold 8,000 tickets for the tour at $38 a piece .
Dunham, in the New York Times piece about the tour, characterizes the idea to add other performers as her idea, made the appeal for submissions and selected the artists herself. Given that, she ought to have asked Random House to budget some compensation for other artists into the overall cost of the tour. Artists, no matter how rich, have a collective interest in setting the value of their work as something more than zero.
But Dunham is hardly the first artist to hit the road for performances that involves much-less-famous co-stars who end up taking the stage for free. Two years ago, musician Amanda Palmer netted $1.2 million from a crowdfunding campaign to support the recording of her next album, then took it on tour, recruiting some artists to play with for free at stops along the way. (She was charging money for tickets to the shows, and paying some members of her band.)
After plenty of internet kerfuffle, Palmer began paying her collaborators, explaining that she had come to think ” it’s one thing to decide, independently, that you’ll play for free. It’s another to be a person with a lot of money who asks other people for free labor. Folks in the latter position shouldn’t confuse themselves with folks in the former.”
This is absolutely true. Artists and outlets who can pay for work they are soliciting ought to. (I say this as someone who is happy to be at a publication that now budgets for me to pay guest-bloggers.) And if you cannot pay, I think you ought to consider very seriously what is appropriate to ask people to do for free. But since people keep making these sorts of requests, I think it is important to consider why they might feel comfortable doing so.
For some artists, I think, the impulse seems to be drawn from the shifting economics of the entertainment industry. As Palmer wrote before she reversed course , “The Dresden Dolls lost a lot of money in order to travel around opening up for nine inch nails. and good lord, were we grateful to lose that money…It won us a huge bunch of fans.” One of the long-running jokes about Dunham’s HBO show, “Girls,” is that it is aimed at demographic that would rather swipe their parents’ HBO Go passwords or torrent the show than actually pay for a cable subscription and HBO as an add-on.
In an ecosystem where it seems like no one wants to pay actual money for your product — or at least the amount of money that it takes to produce the darn thing in the first place — maybe it seems more reasonable to ask them to contribute in other ways. If someone does not want to pay for your television show or your album, but is willing to barter their labor for an experience that will carry some benefit to themselves , I can see how that might feel like a reasonable trade to offer.
Even as the economic models for supporting the arts have collapsed, our attachment to the pop culture we love often seems to have spiked in inverse proportion to the amount we are willing to pay for it. We brandish our passions as if they are identity categories, church memberships or party registrations . Creative people increasingly make themselves available to fans, whether t hey are livetweeting their own shows like the cast of “Scandal”  or fielding questions–earlier today, Daniel Lawson, the costume designer for “The Good Wife” helped me track down a sweater from Sunday’s episode.
What better way to make your fans feel like you are all part of a communal effort than by breaking down the thing that divides them from you and bringing them into part of your creative process? In this context, asking someone to get up on stage with you for free is less about widening the gap between you and your fans and more about closing the chasm by suggesting that for a bit of luck and pluck, fans and fellow artists might be in the same place.
As Dunham told the New York Times  in a bit of self-deprecation: “I found the idea of a traditional author tour, where you go and stand behind the lectern and talk about yourself, I found it a little bit embarrassing, a little blatantly self-promotional and a little boring…I wanted it to have an arts festival feel, which is why we now have all these remarkable, special weirdos who I found on the Internet.”
I sympathize with that impulse, particularly for someone who has been as intensely scrutinized as Dunham has been. But the headliner is different from the opener. And taking a page from Palmer’s experience, one way to create a community is not to pretend that difference does not exist, and to treat the people who want to work with you better than you expected to be treated when you were in their position.
 

CURRENCIES: Dollar Gains Against Emerging-market...CURRENCIES: Dollar Gains Against Emerging-market...
Does Ello have what it takes to be the anti-FacebookBy Sara Ashley O'Brien   @saraashleyo September 29, 2014: 5:12 PM ET
Fear of missing out is attracting users to invite-only social network Ello.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
In the past week, social network Ello gained much more traction than even its seven founders anticipated.
Ello co-founder Paul Budnitz said requests and approvals for access to the invite-only service were totaling 40,000 per hour . The LGBT community is embracing the site after being kicked off Facebook due to its "real" name policy. That, along with the promise of no advertising, are the reasons why some are calling it the "anti-Facebook."
But maintaining relevancy in a crowded social networking market won't be easy. A cyberattack that prevented users from accessing the site over the weekend is the least of Ello's problems.
Here's why:
It has to appeal to the vast majority -- not just a few loud dissenters.
History is not on Ello's side. Startup App.net, a platform for accessing many social applications on one network, kicked off in 2012 with a manifesto (much like Ello's ). App.net founder Dalton Caldwell criticized Twitter (the service it considered itself to be an alternative to) for its ad-supported model. Dalton said Twitter users were the "product" -- the same basis for Ello's critique of Facebook.
App.net never took off.
It's really just the "vocal few" that take issues with Facebook's design or access to user data, according to Brian Solis, principal analyst at Altimeter Group. Feeling like a "product" isn't a universally felt complaint.
If a business model isn't broken, can it be fixed?
Unlike Facebook, which makes 90% of its money from advertisements, Ello doesn't sell ads. It plans on making money with a "freemium" model -- users can purchase special features to customize their Ello experience.
Budnitz lashed out at critics, saying it's "so sad" that people won't give Ello's business model a chance.
But free and "ad-free" don't really mix. App.net, which tried that combination, announced in March that it is no longer profitable enough to employ any staff .
FOMO is attracting users to the site -- but what will keep them there?
Ello is being flooded with invite requests, largely because it is in the news, and people have a fear of missing out (FOMO). But FOMO isn't enough to keep users on the site.
"As much as we love to hate [Facebook], they've done a really good job on focusing attention," said Solis. "The time spent on Facebook is unheard of -- and its not a fluke."
It's unclear why users will need to spend time on Ello, Solis said.
To Budnitz' credit, the product is still very much in development -- and his ambitions aren't as high as you'd think.
"We are, in fact, a five week old beta," he said. "It's being developed live in front of everyone's eyes."
The Facebook comparisons are "flattering," Budnitz said, but Ello is "not trying to take over the world."
Still, user frustrations, like a buggy-search feature (Budnitz said they've experienced some glitches with this search functionality last week), can have a resounding impact.
"You get one shot at it," said Solis. "If that network is open for beta, then it better be open for scale."
First Published: September 29, 2014: 5:12 PM ET
Most Popular

http://usat.ly/ZlosAcDog of the day: Tonix Pharmaceuticals
By: Gary Strauss September 29, 2014 5:44 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Tonix Pharmaceuticals TNXP flattened 50% to $6.95 a share Monday – Wall Street’s biggest percentage loser – after the drug maker said its fibromyalgia treatment did not meet key goals in current clinical trials.
Tonix said the 12-week trials “did not achieve statistical significance in the primary efficacy endpoint of change” in average daily pain scores of test subjects. failed to achieve its primary efficacy endpoint of chain in average daily pain scores.”
About 2.6 million U.S. patients have been diagnosed with fibromyalgia, a chronic pain and fatigue condition that affects mostly women in their 20s to early 50s.
Tonix CEO and co-founder Seth Lederman said the company plans to meet with Food & Drug Administration officials to review study data and design further testing.  The treatment could benefit sleep disorders for those suffering from post- traumatic stress disorder.
Pfizer PFE (Lyrica) and  Eli Lilly LLY (Cymbalta)  are among drugmakers which already market fibromyalgia treatments.
Tonix still hopes to mass market the medication as a fibromyalgia treatment by 2017 and as a PTSD medication by 2019. But investors are running out of patience. Shares are off 67% from 52-week, $21 highs.

http://usat.ly/1rwXgYjFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Rieder: A new website totally focused on Ebola
Lara Setrakian, the impresario behind the deeply immersive and critically acclaimed website Syria Deeply, is about to take the same approach to Ebola. On October 15 if not before, Setrakian will launch Ebola
Post to Facebook
Rieder: A new website totally focused on Ebola Lara Setrakian, the impresario behind the deeply immersive and critically acclaimed website Syria Deeply, is about to take the same approach to Ebola. On October 15 if not before, Setrakian will launch Ebola Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vqbn4d
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
3
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Rieder: A new website totally focused on Ebola
Rem Rieder , USA TODAY 4:18 p.m. EDT September 29, 2014
Lara Setrakian.
65 CONNECT 149 TWEET 4 LINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Lara Setrakian, the impresario behind the deeply immersive and critically acclaimed website Syria Deeply , is about to take the same approach to Ebola.
On Oct. 15, if not before, Setrakian will launch Ebola Deeply, which will feature original reporting about the frightening outbreak of the deadly disease and will aggregate the best reporting on the subject from elsewhere.
"We want to make sure that Ebola doesn't disappear when the next big story comes along," she says.
Setrakian, who says she's in talks with several high-profile partners for the initiative, plans to both mimic and build on the approach at Syria Deeply, which has several staffers outside of Syria and more than 20 correspondents inside the war-torn country providing original content. It also provides a one-stop amalgamation of reporting by other news outlets. The Ebola crisis is concentrated in a handful of West African nations, with Liberia, Guinea and Sierra Leone being the hardest hit.
"We want to integrate local voices to tell a bigger story while at the same time unifying (the coverage) that's out there," she says.
All of which is excellent news. Ebola is a complex and important story that needs constant scrutiny. It makes perfect sense as a target for Setrakian's immersive approach.
Setrakian, a former correspondent for ABC News and Bloomberg TV, had planned to take on climate change in her next endeavor, Arctic Deeply. But given the urgency of the Ebola exigency, she decided to shift gears.
Rieder: A laser-focused approach to news
Reporters in the affected countries came to her to express dissatisfaction about how the crisis is being covered, Setrakian says. They noted that many international journalists had left the region — covering such a contagious disease is an extremely dangerous proposition — and they increasingly felt they were on their own. "They needed allies," Setrakian says.  She found that public health officials shared concerns about the coverage.
Ebola Deeply is very much a work in progress, with many details still to be worked out. That's in line with Setrakian's firm embrace of the concept of the lean start-up. "You start with a minimum viable product, then you refine it and build on it," she says.  "It doesn't have to be polished and perfected (at the outset) to be useful to our readers, as long as it's journalistically solid."
Once it's up and running, the site will evolve and grow, with user-generated and interactive components becoming key parts of the mix.
Setrakian, an evangelist for the deep-dive, single-topic approach to journalism, discovered its power when she was covering the 2009 uprising in Iran. Not many people were, and Setrakian, who was based in Dubai at the time, found she soon developed quite a following on Twitter. It made her realize that there was an audience out there tied together not by geography but by intense interest in a subject.
After the Arab Spring erupted, Setrakian felt the media didn't have much staying power when it came to the individual rebellions, and thus was born Syria Deeply. And people took notice.
The day it launched in December 2012, the website Fast Company said hello with this headline : SYRIA DEEPLY OUTSMARTS THE NEWS, REDEFINES CONFLICT COVERAGE."
Medical staff members of the Croix Rouge NGO put on protective suits before collecting the corpse of a victim of Ebola in Monrovia on Sept. 29, 2014.
(Photo: Pascal Guyot, AFP/Getty Images)
Since then, Setrakian has been engaged in a research project on the intense single-topic approach at the Tow Center for Digital Journalism at Columbia University.
And now she's taking the concept into very different terrain.
"We'll see how this works in connection with a public health crisis," she says. "I'm very excited."
65 CONNECT 149 TWEET 4 LINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1vqbn4d
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

http://usat.ly/1qP6go2FacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Ford shares plunge on Investor Day bad news
Ford shares plummeted on Monday after executives warned that losses in Russia will delay a return to profitability in Europe and that this year's big losses in South America will continue. In addition,
Post to Facebook
Ford shares plunge on Investor Day bad news Ford shares plummeted on Monday after executives warned that losses in Russia will delay a return to profitability in Europe and that this year's big losses in South America will continue. In addition, Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vqmVo0
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
1
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Ford shares plunge on Investor Day bad news
Alisa Priddle, Detroit Free Press 5:09 p.m. EDT September 29, 2014
Ford Motor Company world headquarters in Dearborn, Mich.
(Photo: Ford)
20 CONNECT 15 TWEET 4 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Ford shares plummeted on Monday after executives warned that losses in Russia will delay a return to profitability in Europe and that this year's big losses in South America will continue.
In addition, management told analysts and reporters on Tuesday that last Friday's recall of 850,000 vehicles for a short-circuiting problem with an air bag control module will cost about $500 million to fix.
On the New York Stock Exchange, Ford shares closed at $15.11, down 7.47% after trading as low as $14.83. Volume was 80.1 million shares, more than triple the daily average.
Ford Investor Day: Next heavy-duty pickups to be aluminum, too
The problem in Russia is that economic sanctions in response to that country's invasion of Ukraine are having a major impact. Stephen Odell, Ford Europe president, said sanctions reduced Russia's economic growth to 0.3% so far this year and it will likely fall to zero for this year. Car sales there are down 15% and will come in at about 2.3 million for the year, or about 1 million lower than forecast, Odell said.
The automaker said it expects to report a pre-tax loss of about $1 billion in South America this year and a smaller but still substantial loss next year.
Back in North America the outlook is brighter, but even there profit margins margins in 2014 will be at the low end of its previous guidance of between 8% to 9%. Beyond this year, it said prospects should improve. Ford expects to sell 3.5 million vehicles in North American by 2020, up from 2.9 million in 2013,
In product news from the day of presentations:
• Raj Nair, Ford's head of global product development, said its next-generation of heavy-duty F-series pickups will feature extensive use of lighter aluminum like its standard-duty sibling.
"Lightweighting offers a once-in-a-lifetime chance to conquest" new buyers who might own rival trucks, said Jim Farley, head of global sales and marketing.
General Motors has said it will make its next-generation light-duty pickups of aluminum.
• Lincoln will add two new vehicles, Kumar Galhotra, head of Lincoln, said.
Galhotra did not say what they will be called, but they will not be new versions of existing vehicles. He also said the next-generation of the MKX mid-size crossover will launch next year.
20 CONNECT 15 TWEET 4 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1vqmVo0
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

Strides  Shasun pop merger pillStrides  Shasun pop merger pill
Govt cancels SEZs of Adani  EssarGovt cancels SEZs of Adani  Essar
MCX in fresh pact with FTILMCX in fresh pact with FTIL
Getting down to businessGetting down to business
Corpse Exhibit by So-Called  Dr. Death  Bannedcorpse exhibit by so-called  dr. death  banned
The Whimsical Adventures of a Tube of Burts Bees Lip BalmScreenshot from YouTube .
Burt's Bees, or everyone's favorite natural skin care company that's actually owned by a multibillion dollar corporation, is rolling out its first television campaign to remind America just how natural it is. The first commercial (above) is scheduled to air Monday , and is on YouTube with the title " Burt's Bees: Uncap Flavor ." The 30-second episode begins with two cartoon bees dropping a tube of beeswax lip balm from the clouds and then follows it as other (surely natural) flavors like pink grapefruit, honey, and cherry get mixed in.
Burt's Bees reportedly did not disclose its budget for the campaign, but spent $26.4 million on advertising in 2013 and $15.9 million in the first half of 2014. That might sound like a lot for a company that prides itself on its local roots and brand sustainability , but keep in mind that the earthy-crunchy business has been a subsidiary of Clorox since 2007 , when it was acquired for $913 million. Clorox's quarterly ad spending, at last count, exceeded 9 percent of its total sales, or some $135 million. That doesn't mean the commercial isn't a fine one; it's short and cute and exactly what an ad for Burt's Bees lip balm should be. And at any rate, it's a lot better than when Burt's was in the news for beezin' .
Alison Griswold is a Slate staff writer covering business and economics.

George Clooney weddingalamuddin-wedding...    Cached
George Clooney and fiancée Amal Alamuddin arrived in Venice, Italy Friday as they prepare to get married this weekend, and they brought a fleet of friends ...
Also Try

Business not quite as normal in Hong KongBusiness not quite as normal in Hong Kong
By Jennifer Hughes and Josh Noble in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6da7f99e-47ac-11e4-be7b-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

UK mortgage approvals fall sharplyUK mortgage approvals fall sharply
By Chris Giles, Economics Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5f569270-47b0-11e4-be7b-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

KFA says court stayed United Bank decision against companyKingfisher says court stayed United Bank decision against company
Reuters –  Sun 28 Sep, 2014 12:03 PM IST
View Photo
A Kingfisher Airlines aircraft is seen parked at the airport in New Delhi April 19, 2013. REUTERS/Adnan Abidi/Files
MUMBAI (Reuters) - Grounded Indian carrier Kingfisher Airlines Ltd has said a court has halted the execution of a decision by state-run United Bank of India that declared the airline and its directors "wilful defaulters".
The Calcutta High Court will hear the case on Nov. 10 and has sought more information from both sides, Kingfisher said in a statement late on Saturday.
United Bank officials could not be reached immediately for comment on Sunday.
The airline, founded by liquor baron Vijay Mallya, has not flown in two years for want of cash. It owes more than $1 billion to a consortium of lenders, mostly state-run.
United Bank of India had this month declared Mallya and the company "wilful defaulters". IDBI Bank, another state-run lender, has said it is considering similar action.
That could damage the fund-raising prospects of Mallya's businesses and could force him to give up his corporate positions.
Kingfisher had challenged the bank's decision as "wrongful".
Related Video
(Reporting by Devidutta Tripathy; Editing by Paul Tait)
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook

US consumers start to lighten upUS consumers start to lighten up
By Robin Harding in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b82ce31c-45b3-11e4-9b71-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

UK treads softly over Hong Kong protestsUK treads softly over Hong Kong protests
By Kiran Stacey, Political Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/61aedf94-47bc-11e4-be7b-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BlackBerry teases new device plans as reboun...BlackBerry teases new device plans as turnaround ensues
By Reuters | 29 Sep, 2014, 09.31PM IST
0
Share More
Even as BlackBerry pivots to focus more on software and services, the company that gained fame for its smartphones is not giving up on its handset business.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
TORONTO: Even as BlackBerry pivots to focus more on software and services, the company that gained fame for its smartphones is not giving up on its handset business, two senior executives said.
After recording a gross profit from its weakened handset operation and with roughly 50 million people globally still using its older-generation BlackBerry phones, there is potential in that business, the executives said.
Their remarks came during a frenetic week when BlackBerry reported a much smaller-than-expected loss and launched its square-screened Passport device.
Ron Louks, who heads BlackBerry's devices arm, said now that the company had pared losses, it could afford to take some risks and look at introducing at least one unconventional device each year.
"When it comes to design and being a little bit disruptive, we want that 'wow' factor," Louks said. "Not all of the products will have it, but we definitely have opportunities."
BlackBerry already has another unconventional device in the works, he said, adding that it has already received some positive feedback from carriers on it.
Passport reviews have been mixed. While the device has won praise for its battery life, wide screen and touch-sensitive keyboard, it has been criticized for, among other things, being difficult to operate with one hand.
Louks hinted that BlackBerry was working on a prototype that would be easier to use with a single hand.
"From a roadmap perspective, I'm pretty happy with where we are at for next year," he said in an interview, adding that he also expected demand for the Passport to exceed expectations.
BlackBerry said on Friday that it had already taken about 200,000 orders for the Passport, which went on sale Wednesday and sold out on Amazon.com Inc within six hours.

Indo-US military exercise  Yudh Abhyas 2014 ...Indian Army
("India-US Combined Military…)
JAMMU: A fourteen day-long Indo-US military exercise 'Yudh Abhyas 2014' has begun in Uttarakhand to strengthen and broaden inter-operability and cooperation between the two Armies.
"The India-US Combined Military Training Exercise 'Yudh Abhyas 2014', commenced on September 17 at Ranikhet and Chaubattia, is in progress," PRO, Defence, Northern Command, said.
The exercise, which will terminate on September 30, brought together troops of a Mountain Brigade of Indian Army and Company and Brigade Headquarters of the US Army, he said.
It is the tenth exercise in the Yudh Abhyas series, which had started in 2004 under US Army Pacific partnership program.
The exercise strengthens and broadens interoperability and cooperation between both the Armies and complements a number of other exchanges between the two forces, the PRO said.
Over the years, the two countries have decided to progressively increase the scope and content of the combined training, he said.
He said the Yudh Abhyas 2014 has witnessed a Brigade Headquarters-based 'Command Post Exercise', an Infantry company carrying out 'Field Training Exercise', discussions on strategic issues of mutual concern by experts of both countries and combined training between detachments of Special Forces.
FEATURED ARTICLES

BlackRock to host global investors meet in I...Ajay Banga
(With total asset under management…)
NEW YORK: World's largest asset manager Blackrock will host a global investors meet in India next year, CEO Laurence Flik conveyed to Prime Minister Narendra Modi today.
With total asset under management of over $4 trillion, US-based BlackRock has investments in over 100 countries and offices in 30 countries including India.
The BlackRock CEO called on the Indian Prime Minister here today and expressed his keen interest in expanding engagements with India.
"In response to PM @narendramodi call for investments, Black Rock to host global investors meet in India, early 2015," External Affairs Ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin tweeted.
In India, BlackRock also operates a mutual fund, among other activities.
Earlier today, Modi also had a breakfast meeting with CEOs of 11 large American corporations. These included PepsiCo CEO Indra Nooyi , Google Chairman Eric Schmidt , Citigroup chief Michael Corbat, Mastercard CEO Ajay Banga , Cargill's President and CEO David W MacLennan, Caterpillar's Douglas Oberhelman, AES' Andres Gluski, Merck's Kenneth Frazier, Co-founder and Co-CEO of Carlyle Group David Rubenstein, Hospira's Michael Ball and Warburg Pincus' Charles Kaye .
FEATURED ARTICLES

Automatic information exchange to help India...You are here: Home > Collections > Switzerland
Automatic information exchange to help India and Switzerland
PTI Sep 29, 2014, 09.28PM IST
Tags:
ambassador
(Castelmur said information…)
KOLKATA: Automatic information exchange would help India and Switzerland to contain stashing of black money in Swiss banks, Ambassador of Switzerland to India and Bhutan Linus Von Castelmur said today.
"For the future, I think the solution will be expected on automatic information exchange so that each and every Swiss bank and each and every Indian bank accepting money from a national from the other state would have to report to the concerned state," he said at an interactive session here.
"If full expansive information exchange, which is the standard, which will be developed, implemented by Organisation of Economic Cooperation and Development and with India and Switzerland joining in ... I think in future the problem will be solved," he said at the programme organised by CII, Eastern Region here.
"We still have international obligations due to many countries, including India. We also have our rule of law... What happened in the '70s, in the '80s, in the '90s it happened we have to find out," he added.
On the illegal money stashed in Swiss banks, Castelmur said: "It's obviously difficult to deal with the past. You can change the future but you never can change the past. Yes Switzerland had a banking secrecy law and it still exists. But we are in a procedure of changing it completely.
"India was almost a socialist country which was not extremely friendly to entrepreneurs... So yes there was some money in the '60s, the '70s, the '80s, the '90s which went to Switzerland account," he stated.
On Switzerland cooperating with the Indian government in sharing tax-related informations the Swiss official said: "If the Indian tax authority, the finance ministry comes with request or a judicial official or administrative official requests to beat out information about an illegal stashing of money and seeks Swiss support it would get it."
"But they would have to do research on the role of the ED. They would have to work on that. What we cannot accept on our side if it is stolen data," he added.
Castelmur said at the beginning information was not obtained by legal means but Switzerland has granted on many requests sent by Indian tax authorities. "We can find some practical solutions not only for the future because that will be done, but also for the past and handle it very pragmatically."
Castlemur also said he wondered why it was only the Swiss banks which were held responsible for stashing illegal money though several banks in the US, Singapore, Hong Kong were into the same practice.
"It's like a myth that money are stacked in Swiss banks. But why people are not asking about money stashed in Singapore, Hong Kong, in the US, in Virgin islands. Why are not people talking about the real estate in India. Probably my feeling it is in parts of Delhi's Vasant Vihar," he alleged.
In August this year India had asked Switzerland to join the Early Adopter Group mandating an automatic exchange of information among the countries involved in the group.
A request was also been made to Switzerland for entering into a Competent Authority Agreement on Automatic Exchange of Information as per the new global standards to enhance further cooperation between India and Switzerland in tax matters, Minister of State for Finance Nirmala Sitharaman had said in a written reply to Rajya Sabha in August.
FEATURED ARTICLES

WTO in deadlock over key customs dealWorld Trade Organization in deadlock over key customs deal
By AFP | 29 Sep, 2014, 10.50PM IST
0
Share More
At a meeting of the committee which seeks to make customs procedures faster and more efficient, New Delhi refused to soften its position.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
GENEVA: The World Trade Organization remained deadlocked Monday, two months after failing to seal a key deal on a global customs pact.
Officials said that the United States blocked efforts by the WTO's trade facilitation committee because of continued wrangling with India.
At a meeting of the committee -- which seeks to make customs procedures faster and more efficient -- New Delhi refused to soften its position.
A draft of the so-called Trade Facilitation Agreement was agreed at the WTO's Bali conference in December last year and was meant to be finalised at the end of July.
But sparring between members, notably over demands from India that the world body gives the green light to the developing power's stockpiling of food, have put the long-sought deal on ice.
While India and its supporters say such stockpiling is essential to ensure poor farmers and consumers survive in the cut-throat world of business, Western critics fear this food could be syphoned onto global markets, skewing trade.
The 160 economies which make up the WTO set trade rules among themselves in an attempt to ensure a level playing field and spur growth by opening markets and removing trade barriers, including subsidies, excessive taxes and regulations.
But they have failed repeatedly to conclude the Doha Round of trade liberalisation talks, which were launched in 2001 with the stated aim of underpinning development in poorer nations.
All members have to agree to proposals under WTO rules, meaning that a single country can block any changes.
New Delhi has demanded that the food issue be settled earlier than the 2017 deadline set at the Bali conference.
But Western countries have insisted that the trade facilitation deal must move in lockstep with other parts of the Doha deal on agricultural and industrial goods .

Just Do It  Mr. Modireddit
The final article of  a three part series connecting America and India in the context of the Indian Prime Minister's visit to America. The earlier pieces can be found here and here .
In the four months since taking over as Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi has moved forward on at least five initiatives that would have been unlikely under any previous leader.
Go Lean
His cabinet is streamlined dramatically compared to the past.  The ministries of power (energy) and coal are controlled by the same man, Piyush Goyal.  The ministries of external affairs and that of overseas Indians Affairs are both managed by Sushma Swaraj; shipping is clubbed with transport and highways, steel and mines are clubbed as well.
While this might seem obvious in a corporate situation, it is quite a leap in a parliamentary democracy where cabinet positions are often awarded for loyalty rather than competency.  In a culture that often values age over wisdom (or senility over sharpness), Modi did not assign cabinet positions to octogenarian stalwarts such as L.K. Advani and Murli Manohar Joshi.  And finally he dismantled the Soviet style "Planning Commission" whose weighty tomes were studied by bureaucrats but seldom implemented in a timely manner. A number of  high level committees were also dismantled.
This leanness will permit more rapid decision making if all goes well.
Be Bold
In his Independence Day speech, weeks before he went rah-rah on India's success with the Mars Orbiter Mission, the Prime Minister addressed unglamorous but previously ignored issues. He called for every school in the country to have a girl's toilet in one year and all Indians to have indoor toilets by 2019. Just four days later, Indian companies such as Tata Consultancy Services and Airtel responded with commitments of a billion rupees each to help with this initiative.
During that speech on August 15, he also lent his voice to the ugly issue of female infanticide and foeticide in India. "Have we seen our sex ratio? Who is creating this imbalance?" Modi challenged his countrymen. "Not God. I appeal to the doctors not to kill the girl child in the mother's womb. I request the parents not to kill daughters because they want a son... It is a blot on 21st century India."
If his thirteen years of running the state of Gujarat are any indication, this boldness should soon appear in decisions affecting commerce, industry and global trade. The first glimpses are captured in the "Make In India" later in this article.
Be Humble
Being the first Prime Minister since 1984 to be supported by an absolute majority in the lower house of parliament, it would have been easy for Modi to be arrogant.  But he has repeatedly acknowledged since his election that all governments prior to him have done good work. He mocked himself, when newspapers reported that government officials starting coming to the office on time after he took office. "That should not be news," he said, adding that he was not happy that this was being reported as progress.
Modi's predecessors were often drawn from India's elite. Nehru was educated at Harrow, Manmohan Singh at Cambridge and Oxford.  While Vajpayee had a middle-class upbringing in Gwalior and Kanpur (my home town), he did come from an upper caste Brahmin family.  On the other hand, Narendra Modi's family were lower caste telis (oil pressers) and ran a small tea stall when he was a teenager; he wears his humble background on his sleeve.
Direct Diplomacy
As Prime Minister, Modi's first foreign trip was to the neighboring country of Bhutan, a tiny mountain kingdom with a population of about one million and he visited Nepal, another small mountain country between India and Tibet, becoming the first Indian PM to show up there in over twenty years.
Since Modi has run the state of Gujarat for the last 13 years, many wrongly consider him a novice at global affairs.  But during his tenure in Gujarat, the state courted foreign investors and diplomats consistently and particularly at the biennial Vibrant Gujarat Summits since 2003 which attracted active participation from Canada, China, Israel, Italy, Japan, Korea, Russia, the United Kingdom and more recently the United States.  In the 1990s Modi played a key role in the engaging overseas supporters of his political party and this included many extended trips to the United States.
For the first time since Independence, India invited the head of state of all its neighbors, in the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC) to the inauguration ceremony of the new government. Besides the subtle assertion of India's backyard, the move also showed the rest of the world that India was focused on its neighborhood above other distant considerations.
Prior to visiting the United States, the new Indian Prime Minister spent  four days in Japan where he was promised $35 billion through public and private funding over the next 5 years for developmental projects.
This was quickly followed by Chinese President   Xi Jinping's first visit to India. Xi promised to help bring India's aging railway system up-to-date with high-speed links and upgraded stations. He also said that China would set up industrial parks in Gujarat and Maharashtra and give more market access to Indian companies selling pharmaceuticals and farm products.
He now arrives in America prepared and ready to grapple with the world's largest economy with some commitments from China and Japan already in his pocket; this gives him ground to be more assertive and credible when faced with reasonable demands from American CEOs.
Make In India
Wieden+Kennedy is the American advertising agency that made Nike shoes famous with the "Just Do it" slogan and bold advertising that took the shoe brand from under  20 percent market share to over 40 percent in America. The New Delhi office of the same agency was hired to design and build the website for the Make in India campaign launched with much fanfare last week.
Domestic and international skeptics have been quick to react.  I started my career in manufacturing in India and to me the critics speak from ignorance and shallowness.  The Daily Mint mocked the initiative pointing out the very thumb drives used to distribute information about Make in India were actually produced in China.  Clearly the writer is not familiar with the concept of a Global Supply Chain where not every country needs to specialize in making every product.
The Economist's Banyan whined that about no "mention made of sectors, such as retail, where more severe limits on foreign capital are kept in place; nor that in insurance."  Neither retailing nor insurance constitute manufacturing, however. So the point while true is not relevant.
The Hindustan Times carried a satirical piece on the choice of a lion as the mascot for this initiative, arguing that the water buffalo would be better choice.
Yet, in Jamnagar Gujarat today, the twin Reliance Industries oil refineries are capable of processing a million barrels a day, more than any location on the planet.  In Pune, Bharat Forge runs the world's single largest metal forging facility. Most generic drugs consumed by Americans are produced at FDA approved pharmaceutical factories in India.  Hyundai and Ford are exporting cars manufactured in India.  An Indian company, Larsen & Toubro, runs a 700,000 square foot heavy fabrication facility in Hazira, Mr. Modi's state that compares with any in the world.
Manufacturing in India will not become trouble-free anytime soon.  Arcane labor laws, inadequate roads, and rampant electrical energy shortages will not vanish just because Wieden+Kennedy creates a nice website. However, any American executive who is looking to expand in the India market or is concerned about putting all their eggs for the American market in the China basket needs to look closely at India as a player.
What's Next?
It will take more than words and meetings in New York and Washington for Mr. Modi and his colleagues to open a floodgate of investment and employment across India. But his track record in opening up the state of Gujarat and the fact that he is the first Chief Minister (like an American Governor), to become Prime Minister bodes well for executives who have been waiting on the sidelines  to make the next leap towards India's $2 trillion economy.
Follow Gunjan Bagla on Twitter: www.twitter.com/bagla
More:

Toyota recalls 690 000 pickups in US over fi...Toyota recalls 690,000 pickups in US over fire risk
By AFP | 30 Sep, 2014, 01.49AM IST
0
Share More
The safety recall covers model years 2005-2011 Tacoma 4x4 and Tacoma PreRunner pickup trucks, the US unit of Toyota Motor Corporation said.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
WASHINGTON: Toyota today said it was recalling about 690,000 Tacoma pickup trucks in the United States to fix a suspension system flaw that could result in vehicle fires.
The safety recall covers model years 2005-2011 Tacoma 4x4 and Tacoma PreRunner pickup trucks, the US unit of Toyota Motor Corporation said.
The trucks' rear suspension system contains springs that could fracture due to stress and corrosion, it warned.
If the broken spring moves out of position and contacts the fuel tank repeatedly, it could puncture the tank, causing a fuel leak that increases the risk of a vehicle fire.
Toyota, the world's largest automaker, said it was not aware of any fires, crashes, injuries or fatalities associated with the condition.
A Toyota spokeswoman told AFP that the company also was recalling about 100,000 of the Tacoma trucks outside the US.
US-traded shares in Toyota were down 0.6 percent at USD 117.95 in early-afternoon trade on the New York Stock Exchange.
It was the third safety recall issued by Toyota USA this month, bringing the total to 840,000 vehicles.
On September 18, the Japanese automaker recalled 20,000 cars due to bad welding on a fuel delivery pipe in the engine compartment that could cause a fuel leak and subsequent fire.
That recall affected 2015 model year Lexus RX, the company's luxury brand, and four 2014 model year brands: Avalon, Camry, Highlander and Sienna.
Toyota had said it knew of no fires, crashes, injuries or fatalities linked to the problem.
A September 11 recall affected 130,000 of 2014 model year Tundra pickup trucks to fix a structure that could interfere with side air-bag deployment in the case of a crash. No crashes, injuries or deaths were reported.

http://usat.ly/1vrPrVwStocks end lower amid Hong Kong protests
Add Hong Kong protests to the long list of geopolitical fears rattling Wall Street.
Post to Facebook
Stocks end lower amid Hong Kong protests Add Hong Kong protests to the long list of geopolitical fears rattling Wall Street. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/YFSFbX
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
28
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Stocks end lower amid Hong Kong protests
Adam Shell and Kim Hjelmgaard , USA TODAY 6:08 p.m. EDT September 29, 2014
Pro-democracy demonstrators hold up their mobile phones during a protest near the Hong Kong government headquarters on September 29, 2014.
(Photo: Dale de la Rey, AFP/Getty Images)
944 CONNECT 192 TWEET 13 LINKEDIN 28 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Pro-democracy protests in Hong Kong spooked Wall Street Monday, as investors fear the unrest could further weigh down mainland China's slowing economy, morph into a wider protest that could create instability in Beijing and undermine confidence in market-friendly Hong Kong.
The street protests caught Wall Street by surprise, causing uncertainty to spike and continuing the U.S. stock market's recent run of sharp up-and-down price movements. At one point Monday, the Dow Jones industrial average was down nearly 170 points, but the U.S. market pared its losses and the Dow finished down 42 points, or 0.3%, to 17,071.22. The rebound enabled the Dow to snap a five-day streak of closing with a triple-digit gain or loss.
The Standard & Poor's 500 index dropped 0.3% to 1,977.80 and the Nasdaq composite fell 0.1% to 4505.85.
Dump stock due to Hong Kong? http://t.co/f6dKuieDsn
— Matt Krantz (@mattkrantz) September 29, 2014
The protest -- sparked by China's plans to limit Hong Kong voters' choice of candidates in the 2017 election -- is the latest geopolitical flare-up to get Wall Street's attention, and cause investors to pare back their risk-taking. U.S. stocks have been dogged by global uncertainty in Iraq, Syria and the Ukraine. The stock market has also been victimized by profit-taking in recent days as investors react to a market that hit record highs a little more than a week ago.
Hong Kong's 'umbrella revolution' opens wide
Hong Kong's Hang Seng stock index fell nearly 2% Monday.
Hong Kong, which was transferred back to China in 1997 by the U.K., is a major player in global markets, best known for trade, real estate and banking -- and its key port that moves products in an out of China. It has been operating under the so-called "one country, two systems" setup for 17 years. Its market-based economy has been a plus for communist China, just as China's booming economy has been a positive force for Hong Kong.
Dog of the day: Tonix Pharmaceuticals, off 50%. http://t.co/cJnxVeypXu
— Gary Strauss (@gstrauss_) September 29, 2014
"Markets are jittery because anything that threatens Hong Kong's status as a one country, two systems place could impact the world economy, with the biggest impact on companies based or listed on the Hong Kong stock exchange," says Rod Smyth, chief investment strategist at Riverfront Investment Group. "Hong Kong has been message of hope, with many hoping China will become more like Hong Kong. The risk is this thing escalates and China starts to get mad at protesters and comes in with a heavy hand and changes other things."
The demonstrations in Hong Kong that began Sunday had money managers wondering if a repeat of the Tiananmen Square protests in spring 1989 was brewing.
FLASHBACK: '89 Tiananmen Sq. protest did not sink U.S. stocks
U.S. stocks were not upended by the high-profile street protests back in Beijing back in 1989. In fact the index rose 8% from the unofficial start of the Tiananmen Square uprising on April 15, 1989, until June 4, 1989, the day the government crackdown intensified and resulted in deaths that ended the standoff, USA TODAY research shows.
Wall Street fears that the pro-democracy uprising could spread to mainland China, in "the Asian version of the Arab Spring," a development that would likely cause turbulence in Beijing, says Quincy Krosby, a market strategist at Prudential Financial.
Investors stomp brakes on Ford stock; $F lost 7.5% today (Ford photo) http://t.co/vcjHRaARyh pic.twitter.com/iaymltHpBa
— USA TODAY Money (@USATODAYmoney) September 29, 2014
"It creates uncertainty," says Krosby. "That's what is gripping the markets. The question is, how does this play out  if protesters keep protesting. How much are Chinese authorities going to up the ante. And if they do up the ante, that will lead to questions about China."
Adds Axel Merk, chief investment officer at Merk Investments: "If the fragile economy in China gets affected, if there is a spillover to cities there, if the protests create a pro-democracy movement on the mainland, China's stability is at risk. That's the real fear."
The Hong Kong Stock Exchange is the fifth largest in the world, when measured by the market value of the companies listed on the exchange, according to the World Federation of Exchanges, citing data through the end of August. (WFE data does not include the London Stock Exchange.) The Hong Kong exchange has a market cap of $3.4 trillion. Only the New York Stock Exchange ($19.3 trillion), the Nasdaq Stock Market , and the Japan Exchange Group and Euronext are bigger.
A protester prays at an altar of Chinese Taoist God of War, Guan Yu, set up at a barricade on the main road of the occupied area in the Mong Kok district of Hong Kong on Oct. 31. Activists are calling for open elections for the Chinese territory's next chief executive in 2017. 
(Photo: Kin Cheung, AP)
Police officers stand guard next to a picture of Chinese President Xi Jinping holding a yellow umbrella, the symbol of the pro-democracy protest, in the occupied area of the Mong Kok district. 
(Photo: Kin Cheung, AP)
Pro-democracy demonstrators dress as Chinese ghosts for Halloween during their Hong Kong protestes. 
(Photo: Jerome Favre, european pressphoto agency)
Fullscreen
Pro-democracy protesters open their umbrellas for 87 seconds on Oct. 28 as they mark the 87 rounds of tear gas that were fired by police at unarmed student protesters at the same location one month ago in the Admiralty district of Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Alex Hofford, European Pressphoto Agency)
Fullscreen
Hong Kong actress Deanie Yip, left, stands on a stage in front of protesters with singer Anthony Wong, student leader Joshua Wong, Benny Tai, founder of the Occupy Central civil disobedience movement, and student leaders Alex Chow and Tommy Cheung at a rally in the Admiralty district. 
(Photo: Kin Cheung, AP)
A demonstrator photographs people waving lights next to the central government offices. 
(Photo: Alex Ogle, AFP/Getty Images)
A protester opens umbrellas during a rally marking one month since they took to the streets in the Mong Kok district. 
(Photo: Philippe Lopez, AFP/Getty Images)
Hundreds of people attend a rally in the Mong Kok district. 
(Photo: Philippe Lopez, AFP/Getty Images)
Pro-democracy protesters rally outside government headquarters. The banner reads, "I want genuine universal suffrage." 
(Photo: Kin Cheung, AP)
A protester observes a minute of silence at a rally in the Mong Kok district. 
(Photo: Philippe Lopez, AFP/Getty Images)
A demonstrator sleeps in the Admiralty district. 
(Photo: Philippe Lopez, AFP/Getty Images)
A man takes a selfie with an iPad at the pro-democracy protester camp site in the Admiralty district on Oct. 27. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
Protesters read a newspaper at their camp site in the Admiralty district. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
A demonstrator sits outside her tent in the Admiralty district. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
A protester sleeps on Nathan Road in the Mong Kok district. 
(Photo: Jerome Favre, European PressPhoto Agency)
Pro-democracy protesters build a small chair at their makeshift camp outside government headquarters in the Admiralty district. 
(Photo: Vincent Yu, AP)
An elderly man talks about his life to pro-democracy protesters in the Admiralty district. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
Pro-democracy demonstrators gather outside the Hong Kong government headquarters on Oct. 26. 
(Photo: Jerome Favre, European PressPhoto Agency)
Pro-democracy supporters cheer during a press conference outside the Hong Kong government headquarters on Sunday. 
(Photo: Jerome Favre, European PressPhoto Agency)
People walk among tents along the main protest campsite in Hong Kong. At the main protest site a peaceful atmosphere remains as artists freely express themselves and families bring their children feeling a sense of safely.  
(Photo: Paula Bronstein, Getty Images)
A protester draws on the main road of the occupied area of the Mong Kok district Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Kin Cheung, AP)
Activists read in a tent on Oct. 26. Pro-democracy activists were forced to suspend a planned vote on their next steps, due to differing opinions about how to move their month-long campaign forward. 
(Photo: Chris McGrath, Getty Images)
Student leader Joshua Wong attends a news conference at the pro-democracy protesters' campsite in Hong Kong on Oct. 26. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
A protester gives away cutout pictures of Chinese President Xi Jinping as a souvenir on Oct. 26. 
(Photo: Kin Cheung, AP)
Pro-democracy activist Oscar Lee jokes around with his daughter Annecy in their tent on the street outside of Hong Kong's government complex. 
(Photo: Chris McGrath, Getty Images)
A pro-democracy activist has a henna tattoo of an umbrella placed on her wrist on Oct. 25. 
(Photo: Chris McGrath, Getty Images)
People sleep on the street overnight at the main protest site on Oct. 25.  
(Photo: Paula Bronstein, Getty Images)
Members of the pro-government Blue Ribbon group rally during a candlelight vigil in Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
A newly married couple poses with a yellow umbrella for their wedding photograph at the site where pro-democracy demonstrators camp in Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
A pro-democracy protester looks at a makeshift tank in an area occupied by the protesters, outside the government headquarters on Oct. 25. 
(Photo: Vincent Yu, AP)
Pro-democracy protesters, left, argue with a pro-government local resident on Oct. 25. 
(Photo: Vincent Yu, AP)
Pro-democracy protesters gather on the road during an Occupy Central demonstration in the Mong Kok district of Hong Kong on Oct. 24. Activists call for open elections for the Chinese territory's next chief executive in 2017. 
(Photo: Jeon Heon-Kyun, epa)
Pro-democracy protesters camp on top of an underground station in the occupied area of the Mong Kok district in Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Kin Cheung, AP)
Pro-democracy protesters gather in the Admiralty district of Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Philippe Lopez, AFP/Getty Images)
A pro-democracy protester  rests on a barricade in the occupied area of the Mong Kok district of Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Kin Cheung, AP)
A pro-democracy protester stands his ground on a barricaded road in Hong Kong. Major intersections in the city have been paralyzed by mass rallies demanding free elections for more than three weeks. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
Pro-democracy protesters stand their ground on a barricaded road in Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
A woman argues with a Hong Kong police officer about road blockage caused by barricades of pro-democracy protesters while another police officer tries to keep people moving at an intersection. 
(Photo: Rolex Dela Pena, European Pressphoto Agency)
A pro-democracy protester uses a smartphone while seated beside a barricade. 
(Photo: Rolex Dela Pena, European Pressphoto Agency)
Pro-democracy protesters rest in a tent. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
Pro-democracy demonstrators stand their ground on a barricaded road. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
A pro-democracy protester uses a smartphone while at a barricade in Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Rolex Dela Pena, european pressphoto agency)
A protester checks her phone at the main protest site at Admiralty during a downpour  in Hong Kong on Oct. 23. 
(Photo: Paula Bronstein, Getty Images)
Protesters listen to speeches at the main protest site at Admiralty during a downpour as bad weather caused hours of rain in Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Paula Bronstein, Getty Images)
A pro-democracy activist waters a plant placed on a road outside Hong Kong's government complex. 
(Photo: Chris McGrath, Getty Images)
An anti-occupy protester is removed by the Hong Kong police from a crowd of pro-democracy protesters, in the Mong Kok area of Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Alex Hofford, European Pressphoto Agency)
A policeman shouts at pro-democracy protesters to stay back as they try to arrest a protester who led a group to set up a barricade in the Mongkok district of Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
Pro-democracy protesters continue their street occupation amid heavy rain in Hong Kong on Oct. 22. Protesters are calling for changes to the election process. 
(Photo: Jeon Heon-Kyun, European Pressphoto Agency)
Pro-democracy protesters stand continue their protest amid rain in Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
Pro-democracy protesters stand under umbrellas during a rainstorm on a barricaded road in the Mongkok district of Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Alex Ogle, AFP/Getty Images)
Pro-democracy protesters brave heavy rains during their ongoing protest in Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Jeon Heon-Kyun, European Pressphoto Agency)
Pro-democracy demonstrators guard a barricade in the Mongkok district of Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Philippe Lopez, AFP/Getty Images)
A pro-democracy protester reacts as he watches a live transmission of talks between Hong Kong authorities and pro-democracy protest leaders. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
Pro-democracy protesters react as they watch a live transmission on giant screens of talks between Hong Kong authorities and pro-democracy protest leaders. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
Pro-democracy demonstrators react as they watch a live transmission on a giant screen of talks with leaders of the Hong Kong Federation of Students and Hong Kong authorities, in the Admiralty district of Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
A pro-democracy student protester wipes her eyes as she watches with others a live broadcast of government officials meeting with student protest organizers, in the Mong Kok district of Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Wally Santana, AP)
Tens of thousands of protesters gather to listen to the talks between the government officials and the protesters  at the main protest site  in Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Paula Bronstein, Getty Images)
Pro-democracy protesters react while watching a broadcast of the negotiations between representatives of government and student protesters in the Mong Kok District of Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Jeon Heon-Kyun, european pressphoto agnecy)
People watch televised talks between pro-democracy student leaders and senior government officials on Oct. 21 at a protest site in the Mong Kok district of Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Philippe Lopez, AFP/Getty Images)
People watch televised talks between student leaders and senior government officials. 
(Photo: Philippe Lopez, AFP/Getty Images)
Pro-democracy protesters watch a live telecast of talks between Hong Kong authorities and pro-democracy protest leaders in the Admiralty district. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
Hong Kong Federation of Students leaders Yvonne Leung, left, Nathan Law, Alex Chow, Lester Shum and Eason Chung attend talks with government officials at the Hong Kong Academy of Medicine in Wong Chuk Hang. 
(Photo: Anthony Kwan, Getty Images)
A pro-democracy protester smokes next to a barricade in the Admiralty district. 
(Photo: Alex Ogle, AFP/Getty Images)
A pro-democracy protester guards a barricade after midnight in the Mong Kok district. 
(Photo: Rolex Dela Pena, epa)
Pro-democracy protesters set up a barricade in the Mongkok district on Oct. 20. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
Police and protesters continue their standoff in Mong Kok. 
(Photo: Paula Bronstein, Getty Images)
Pro-democracy student protesters study during a rally in the Admiralty district. 
(Photo: Jeon Heon-Kyun, European Pressphoto Agency)
A pro-democracy student protester looks up from her smartphone at the protest site in the Mong Kok district. 
(Photo: Wally Santana, AP)
A Hong Kong police officer looks at an effigy of the city's embattled Hong Kong Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying as his colleagues monitor pro-democracy protesters. 
(Photo: Alex Hofford, European Pressphoto Agency)
Pro-democracy protesters dress for a graduation photo at a barricade in the Mong Kok district. 
(Photo: Kin Cheung, AP)
Tents are set up at the main protest site on Oct. 18. 
(Photo: Paula Bronstein, Getty Images)
A policeman puts on his helmet during a standoff with pro-democracy protesters in the Mong Kok district. 
(Photo: Alex Ogle, AFP/Getty Images)
A pro-democracy protester looks through binoculars. 
(Photo: Nicolas Asfouri, AFP/Getty Images)
Protesters wear protective gear made from plastic bottles. 
(Photo: Kin Cheung, AP)
Police officers stand guard at an intersection that was retaken from pro-democracy protesters. 
(Photo: Alex Ogle, AFP/Getty Images)
Images of Hong Kong Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying are pasted onto umbrellas. 
(Photo: Alex Ogle, AFP/Getty Images)
People jeer and yell at police officers on Oct. 17. 
(Photo: Alex Ogle, AFP/Getty Images)
Police use pepper spray against pro-democracy protesters on Oct. 17. 
(Photo: Anthony Wallace, AFP/Getty Images)
A local Hong Kong journalist collapses after being hit in the face with pepper spray by police on Oct. 17. 
(Photo: Alex Ogle, AFP/Getty Images)
A protest organizer makes a call after retaking a section of road on Oct. 17 in the Mong Kok district of Hong Kong. 
(Photo: Wally Santana, AP)
Pro-democracy demonstrators face police during a standoff in the Mong Kok district. 
(Photo: Ed Jones, AFP/Getty Images)
Protesters scuffle with riot police. 
(Photo: Kin Cheung, AP)
Police push through demonstrators during a clash in the Mong Kok district. 
(Photo: Anthony Wallace, AFP/Getty Images)

Tata Motors hires Maruti veteran PareekTata Motors hires Maruti veteran Pareek
Defiant Hong Kong crowds leave police in a bindRiot police fire tear gas on student protesters occupying streets in Hong Kong early Monday. Source: AP
New York Times | Hong Kong | Posted: September 30, 2014 3:24 am
A wave of protests in Hong Kong extended into the working week on Monday as thousands of residents defied a government call to abandon street blockades across the city, students boycotted classes and the city’s influential bar association added to condemnation of a police crackdown on protesters a day earlier.
Continued public resistance underscored difficulties that the Hong Kong government faces in defusing widespread anger that erupted on Sunday, after the police used tear gas, pepper spray and batons to break up a three-day sit-in by students and other residents demanding democratic elections in the semi-autonomous Chinese territory.
On Monday afternoon, the Hong Kong government canceled the city’s annual fireworks show to mark China’s National Day, which falls on Wednesday — an implicit acknowledgment that officials expect protests to continue for days.
The police crackdown Sunday not only failed to dislodge protesters from a major thoroughfare in the heart of Hong Kong but appeared Monday to have motivated more people to join the student-led protests. A government announcement that the riot police had been withdrawn from the protest centers also seemed to open the door to growing demonstrations. The number of protesters, which had ebbed overnight, swelled again by midday Monday, as office workers in slacks and dress shirts mixed with crowds of students in black T-shirts.
Many of the new arrivals said they were angered by police actions Sunday, which they called excessive.
“This morning I was happy to see that they stayed and insisted on continuing the protest,” said Cindy Sun, a 30-year-old bank worker
Demonstrators were also blocking major streets in the busy shopping district of Causeway Bay and in Mongkok in Kowloon, one of the world’s most densely packed places.
Earlier Monday, the government said it pulled back riot police from areas where roads were being blocked. It urged demonstrators to end street sit-ins so that life in this busy commercial city could return to normal. But in Admiralty, home to government offices and a focus of demonstrators’ anger, many protesters said they were determined to stay until city’s top leader, Leung Chun-ying, resigned and answered demands for democratic elections to choose his successor.
 

US and Afghanistan poised to sign security pactUS and Afghanistan poised to sign security pact
Senior Technology AdvisorHighly competitive
Further information
The Institute of International Finance (IIF) is one of the world’s largest global associations of financial institutions with nearly 500 members in 75 countries. We provide economic and financial analysis to our members, serve as a forum for exchanging views and developing proposals on global regulatory issues and represent our members from the private financial community in discussions with the public sector on global economic and financial policy issues.
The Institute currently seeks a Senior Technology Advisor. This position will be responsible for regularly publishing research notes on fintech topics such as innovations in payment systems, the growth of digital currency, developments around big data and analytics, technology impacting wealth management services, the growth in mobile banking, the role of technology in expanded access to financial services and the role of technology companies in providing financial services. S/he will also work to develop partnerships with leading fintech organizations and actively engage the fintech community, including IIF member institutions active in technology issues, the public sector, and start-up communities in Silicon Valley, London, New York and globally. S/he will also be expected to help organize IIF fintech events and represent IIF at fintech conferences.
Applicants should have significant related professional experience, preferably in a global setting. Successful candidate will bring extensive relationships within the technology community, experience developing networks, and a broad understanding of issues including a tech background and familiarity with the financial sector. Direct financial sector experience is desirable. Strong command of the English language and excellent written and oral communication skills are also required.
To apply, please send cover letter (with salary requirements) and resume in Word format by clicking on the "Apply now" button.
Institute of International Finance (IIF)
The Institute of International Finance, Inc. (IIF), is the world's only global association of financial institutions. Created in 1983 in response to the international debt crisis, the IIF has evolved to meet the changing needs of the financial community.
Options

Sports: The latest fashion statement among the richPrint
Owning a sports club becomes the new status symbol for the uber-rich. For India’s richie rich, flaunting a sports club is the latest status symbol with the country’s billionaire’s led by Mukesh Ambani investing in teams ranging from cricket and hockey to badminton and now traditional kabaddi, according to Forbes magazine.
India’s leading billionaire for the eighth year in a row, Reliance Industries Limited (RIL) chairman Ambani, who along with his wife Nita, is ahead of the rest with his Indian Premier League (IPL) team Mumbai Indians being worth an estimated $200 million, Forbes said. Forbes points out that RIL had picked up the Mumbai Indians cricket franchise for more than $110 million in 2008.
The Ambanis are also looking at what they see as the next big thing: soccer, a sport that is popular in the country but in which the playing standard has been falling. The newly launched Indian Super League, in partnership with sports management firm IMG, made its debut in October with Brijmohan Lall Munjal’s Hero MotoCorp as the title sponsor.
Mohit Burman, scion of the Burman family and ranked number 18 on Forbes India rich list, has three sports teams. In 2008, the Burman family, which runs the Dabur Consumer Goods empire, acquired a stake in the Kings XI Punjab cricket team at the inaugural auction of the IPL. The IPL tournament has generated $3.2 billion in sponsorship fees and broadcasting revenues over the years. Last year, the Burman family had picked up the Mumbai Magicians field hockey team and the Pune Pistons badminton team, the magazine added.
Other billionaire IPL team owners include G.M. Rao, ranked 98th in the Forbes India rich list, who owns the Delhi Daredevils, and media magnate and SpiceJet promoter Kalanithi Maran (ranked 38), who owns the Sunrisers Hyderabad.
Electronics and oil magnate Venugopal Dhoot and Sanjiv Goenka are among the eight franchise owners.
Kabbadi recently got a fresh lease on life after Mahindra and Mahindra chairman and managing director Anand Mahindra (ranked 74th) created the Pro Kabbadi League in March. The inaugural edition of the Pro Kabbadi League has garnered 435 million TV viewers over the 37-day event. It is now the country’s second-most-viewed sporting tournament.
Banker Uday Kotak (ranked15th) is a fellow team owner. Embattled liquor tycoon Vijay Mallya, who has been dropped off the billionaires list because of the Kingfisher Airlines financial collapse, is not mentioned by Forbes but fits the trend. He owns the Royal Bangalore Challengers IPL team and has a stake in Mohan Bagan and East Bengal.
 
Reproduced From Mail Today. Copyright 2014. MTNPL. All rights reserved.
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook

Loyal to the core  new TN CM O Panneerselvam refuses to sit in Jaya s chamberSep 29, 2014 at 06:35pm IST
Loyal to the core, new TN CM O Panneerselvam refuses to sit in Jaya's chamber
24
0
Chennai: Reaffirming his unflinching loyalty to his jailed leader AIADMK supremo Jayalalithaa, newly sworn in Tamil Nadu Chief Minister O Panneerselvam on Monday chose not to enter the designated chamber for the head of state at the secretariat but function from his erstwhile Minister's office.
Panneerselvam, handpicked by Jayalalithaa to take over the mantle following her conviction in an illegal wealth case, chose to function from the room he occupied as Finance Minister in the previous cabinet, officials said.
He did not assume office at the chamber allotted to the Chief Minister, occupied by Jayalalithaa till her conviction on September 27 by a Bangalore court.
Panneerselvam turned emotional during the oath taking ceremony earlier in the day and seen wiping tears.
#tamil nadu #chennai #o panneerselvam #aiadmk
Panneerselvam, who has become chief minister for the second time after 2001 when he was appointed to the post under similar circumstances, turned emotional during the oath taking ceremony earlier in the day and seen wiping tears.
Incidentally, the loyal foot-soldier who rose to become Jayalalithaa's trusted lieutenant, had chosen not to function from the chair occupied by his 'revered' leader while he performed the role of interim Chief Minister for six months in 2001.
Jayalalithaa had then also put him in her place after Supreme Court struck down her appointment by the then Governor Fathima Beevi in the backdrop of her conviction in TANSI land scam case.
15

India Post suited to be payment bank: Financial Ministry13
0
Mumbai: Lack of credit disbursing experience makes the postal department with its vast network of offices around the country better suited to be run as a payment bank and not as a full-fledged universal bank, a top Finance Ministry official said on Monday.
"The Department of Posts may be considered as a payment bank and they are working towards that. The problem with post offices is that they handle only one-side of banking, that is, the deposit side; but they don't handle the credit side," Financial Services Secretary GS Sandhu said at an event.
"So by making them (postal department) a payment bank, they will be able to work in that area they are best at. That may happen soon," Sandhu said. The Department of Posts with its network of more than 1.35 lakh post offices across the country had made concerted attempts to enter the banking sector by applying for a universal licence.
The Department of Posts with its network of more than 1.35 lakh post offices across the country had made concerted attempts to enter the banking sector by applying for a universal licence.
#finance ministry #india post #gs sandhu #rbi
While allotting licences in April this year, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) left it to the government to decide the fate of the Department of Posts' application. The Department of Posts has been collecting deposits, offering fixed as well as recurring deposits accounts to people for a long time now.
3

Improving the  Patient Experience  By Eliminating the Big Insurance Companyreddit
Health care provider organizations that are working directly with employers like Boeing -- and cutting out the insurance company middlemen -- believe they can do more than save money for those employers. They're confident they can also improve both health care quality and service for workers and their families in ways that insurance companies cannot.
Employers are starting to realize that insurers might not be, as they have claimed,  "part of the solution" to achieving a more patient-centered health care system. In fact, in some ways they have been part of the problem.
Providence-Swedish Health Alliance, a not-for-profit, hospital-based accountable care organization (ACO), will soon be providing both coverage and care to many Boeing employees, along with UW (University of Washington) Medicine -- without an insurance firm. Officials at Providence-Swedish told me Boeing chose to work with them directly in part because of the firm's desire to ensure their employees had a "better patient experience." While cutting costs and improving quality of care were priorities, improving service and reducing hassles that have become synonymous with insurance company interactions was equally important to Boeing.
So  Providence-Swedish has committed to a number of assurances and is even establishing  a "concierge center" for Boeing employees. Among other things, the ACO has promised same-day or next-day appointments for urgent primary care visits and acute care, proactive support for preventive care and chronic disease management. The hub for all of this will be the concierge center, which patients can reach by phone, email or the Web.
While Boeing is contracting directly with Providence-Swedish and UW Medicine, the ACOs will have their own deals with insurance companies to provide back room services like claims processing. Dr. Joe Gifford, CEO of the Providence-Swedish ACO, told me his organization is working with Blue Cross of Illinois for that work.  The federal government works with insurers in the same way to handle claims for Medicare beneficiaries.
Gifford also told me he's in discussions with a number of other employers in the region that could result in similar deals -- and even some that will include insurance companies,  to some extent. And he noted that government entities, including Medicare and state governments, are following a similar path.
It's a path that leads to what is often referred to as value-based care, a term that encompasses a spectrum of arrangements. What is common to all of the arrangements is a movement away from paying doctors and hospitals for individual treatments and diagnostic tests. In the deal with Boeing, for example, the aerospace company has given the ACOs a budget to provide all the care Boeing employees and dependents are likely to need in 2015.
In that sense, he said, "Boeing is treating us like an industrial supplier... and we are fully accountable" for costs and outcomes.  That means that the ACOs will by necessity need to focus on keeping patients healthy and managing chronic conditions in the most cost-effective ways so as to prevent complications and reduce unnecessary hospitalizations.
Other hospitals are also taking on responsibilities that once were the complete domain of insurance companies.  One example: the Community Hospital of the Monterey Peninsula in California, which earlier this year began offering its own Medicare Advantage plan to serve area seniors through a subsidiary called Aspire. "We think we can do a better job of meeting local needs than having a national company come in and tell us how to do it," the company's CEO, Scott Kelly, told the Monterey County Weekly.
This trend is not new. Many hospitals in the 1980s began operating their own HMOs to compete with insurance companies, but most of them failed, in large part because they didn't have the actuarial and claims management expertise in-house they needed to stay solvent.
Learning from past mistakes,  many of the hospitals and physician-led groups that are moving back into the health insurance market are hiring companies like Chicago-based Valence Health, a fast-growing firm that offers services ranging from claims adjudication to patient care coordination to more than 120 hospitals nationwide.
The number of employees at Valence has doubled to 325 over the past two years and is expected to grow by another 500 within five years. According to Kevin Weinstein, Valence's chief marketing officer, that growth has been fueled by the  movement away from fee-for-service medicine to value-based care in which health care providers are finding they have no alternative but to be more accountable for both cost and quality.
While the Affordable Care Act has been a catalyst for much of this change, employers like Boeing and other big payers of health care, including federal and state governments, will continue to drive it.
Follow Wendell Potter on Twitter: www.twitter.com/wendellpotter
More:
Boeing Obamacare Accountable Care Organizations Health Insurers Health Care Reform Affordable Care Act Seattle Health Insurance Health Care Blue Cross Blue Shield
This Blogger's Books and Other Items from...

Russian leader may pay for miscalculationsSeptember 29, 2014 4:37 pm
Putin has fought his way into a corner
By Lilia Shevtsova
Russia’s president is hostage to his own belligerent posture, writes Lilia Shevtsova
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8d0978d6-3a9f-11e4-bd08-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Wall St. ends lower on Hong Kong tension; Ford fallsWall St. ends at records on central bank action
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
NASDAQ Financial Markets European Central Bank NYSE Euronext, Inc. Mario Draghi GameStop Corp.
By Ryan Vlastelica
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks closed higher on Friday, with major indexes notching a fifth straight weekly advance after China's central bank cut its benchmark interest rate and its euro zone peer announced asset purchases in efforts to boost each region's economy.
The gains were broad on a day when both the Dow and S&P 500 ended at closing records. All ten primary S&P 500 industry sectors ended the day higher, while 63 percent of stocks traded on the New York Stock Exchange closed in positive territory. About 50 percent of Nasdaq-listed names were higher on the day.
The People's Bank of China said it was cutting one-year benchmark lending rates for the first time in more than two years.
The move came after European Central Bank head Mario Draghi said "excessively low" inflation had to be raised quickly by whatever means necessary, rekindling expectations the ECB will move to stimulate the euro zone economy. The ECB said it started buying asset-backed securities to encourage banks to lend and revive the economy.
"It isn't the size of the moves but the shock value of the direction that is really lifting markets today," said Mark Luschini, chief investment strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott in Philadelphia, which manages about $67 billion in assets. "This is a one-two punch for global growth."
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 88.94 points, or 0.5 percent, to 17,807.94, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 10.7 points, or 0.52 percent, to 2,063.45 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.10 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,712.97.
Both the Dow and S&P ended at records. For the week, the Dow rose 1 percent, the S&P added 1.2 percent and the Nasdaq rose 0.5 percent. It was the fifth straight weekly advance for all three.
Gains in the Nasdaq were limited by declines in large-cap tech companies. Microsoft Corp  fell 1.5 percent to $47.97 while Netflix Inc  slid 2.1 percent to $360.28.
GameStop Corp  sank 13 percent to $37.86 a day after the video game retailer posted quarterly revenue and earnings well below expectations. The stock was the biggest decliner on the S&P 500.
The benchmark index's biggest gainers were Ross Stores  and Autodesk Inc , both of which rallied after results late Thursday. Ross jumped 7.3 percent to $89.27 while Autodesk was up 6.1 percent to $61.95.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 2,029 to 1,039, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 1,461 issues rose and 1,286 fell, for a 1.14-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 96 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 111 new highs and 44 new lows.
About 6.5 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data, above the month-to-date average of 6.35 billion.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

UN chief wants earliest formation of new Afghan governmentUN chief wants earliest formation of new Afghan government
Banks to tap RBI for coal loan recastBanks to tap RBI for coal loan recast
PM Narendra Modi arrives in US  to hold talks with ObamaOct 01, 2014 at  03:42pm IST
PM Narendra Modi arrives in Washington, to hold talks with Obama
7
0
Washington: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday arrived in Washington on the second leg of his five-day US visit during which he will hold talks with US President Barack Obama.
Obama is also hosting a private dinner, which will be the first opportunity for both the leaders to interact with each other.
Modi had arrived in US on September 26. Apart from addressing UN General Assembly, he has also addressed Indian-American community at New York's prestigious Madison Square Garden.
Obama is also hosting a private dinner, which will be the first opportunity for both the leaders to interact with each other.
more »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Microsoft chief in India  Andhra vs Telangana contest on cardsMicrosoft chief in India  Andhra vs Telangana contest on cards
Rupee at 7-month lowRupee at 7-month low
Shasun makes giant stride with Arcolab to India s top 15Shasun makes giant stride with Arcolab to India s top 15
Govt seeks 3 more months to set up green reg...Government seeks 3 more months to set up green regulator
Urmi A Goswami & Samanwaya Rautray, ET Bureau Sep 30, 2014, 04.49AM IST
Tags:
Government
(The court has earlier repeatedly…)
NEW DELHI: The government has told the Supreme Court that it will need time till December 15 to finalise the design and the process of setting up the proposed environment regulator after consultations with state governments, but the court is yet to take acall on its plea for an extension.
That application is still pending before the forest bench, comprising Justices JS Khehar, Jasti Chelameswar and AK Sikri, amicus curiae ADN Rao said.
The court has earlier repeatedly expressed impatience over the government's feet dragging on setting up the regulator, and may or may not grant more time to the new government to get its act together.
Government sources, however, said it was open to the idea of having such a regulator and may eventually confer on it the status of a statutory body through a parliamentary enactment. The regulator is expected to monitor environment impact of big projects and ensure compliance with clearance conditions.
The three-month window will be used to complete the process of getting inputs from states on the contours of such a regulator, sources said. The environment ministry plans to hold a day-long meeting with state ministers on October15 to elicit views on the operational functioning and powers of the states. Earlier efforts to consult states did not yield much by way of inputs.
In May, the ministry wrote to all states. By the end of June only six states had written back. Sources said the Union cabinet, which took up the issue at its meeting on July 9, was of the view that state governments' response had been inadequate and that proper consultations were required.
While the Environment Protection Act (EPA) is a central law, its implementation is undertaken by state and local governments, making their inputs crucial.
The top court had in January told the government to set up the regulator in keeping with the court order in the 2011 Lafarge case, and the undertaking given by the environment ministry.While the court-mandated deadline came to an end in April, elections and a change in government delayed the process of setting up the regulator. The ministry had prepared a Cabinet note in late August proposing setting up the regulator under Section 3.3 of the Environment Protection Act.
However, it decided on September 4 that broader consideration was required and set up a four-member committee, comprising environment minister Prakash Javadekar, road and transport minister Nitin Gadkari, chemical and fertiliser minister Ananth Kumar and coal and energy minister Piyush Goyal, to look into it.
A three-month breather will also give the government time to consider recommendations of the TSR Subramanian committee, which is reviewing five key environment-related laws. "It was felt by the ministerial committee that recommendations of the Subramanian committee, especially the portion relating to the proposed amendment in the EPA, 1986, would be helpful in firming up the proposal for setting up the regulator or authority, as the case may be," an official said.
The government has also made this point in its affidavit to the SC. With the government now open to the idea of an independent regulator set up by an Act of Parliament, the committee of ministers could revisit the blueprint prepared during Jairam Ramesh's tenure at Paryavaran Bhavan for the National Environment Assessment and Monitoring Authority (NEAMA). It was a two-phase plan with the authority being initially set up by an executive order under Section 3.3 of the 1986 Act. It could start functioning within three months of the Cabinet giving its approval.
This would require appropriate changes to the Environment Impact Assessment notification, 2006, and the Coastal Regulatory Zone, 2011. The new system would separate the functions of the appraising and monitoring from that of approval.
FEATURED ARTICLES

BlackBerry Passport: Will Canadian co make a...Ajay Bahl
(BlackBerry, which suffered…)
MUMBAI: When Ajay Bahl , managing partner of law firm AZB , first saw the BlackBerry Passport, the newly launched phone by the Canadian company, he knew it would be the device that would replace the BlackBerry Z30 he swore by. Not only that, he also expects many lawyers at his firm who swear by their BlackBerry phones to be early adopters of the Rs 49,900 phone as it hits the market in time for festive buying.
"There are many of our lawyers who have stuck to their Q5 or even older phones for the keyboard, so to have a hard keyboard that is also sensitive to touch would make them jump (at the phone)," said Bahl, who along with Zia Mody and Bahram Vakil, founded one of India's leading corporate law firms.
Dr Abhishek Puri, a senior fellow in the radiology and oncology department of Tata Memorial Hospital, said the BlackBerry Passport is a work phone -- not meant for 'instagram video shooting' or leisure use.
He is most excited about a browser that displays genomic data, which the company showcased on the device. "The square screen and high-resolution display shows the pictures very clearly and makes it easier to identify the genetic category of a patient even without a computer," he said. Puri said the quality of CT scan images he was able to beam with the Passport on to his TV were comparable with the original.
Professionals such as Bahl and Puri are among the target customers for BlackBerry as it seeks to reclaim its presence among business users in India's growing smartphone market, dominated by Samsung and local handset vendors .
BlackBerry remains focussed on security, which it promises with any feature it offers, although it has opened the device up to applications from the Amazon app store, said Sunil Lalvani, Managing Director of BlackBerry India.
BlackBerry, which suffered in the smartphone market because of a delayed Z10 launch a couple of years ago, is on a recovery path, as highlighted by the results for the three months ended August 30. While Black-Berry Passport is meant for senior executives who are savvy enough to want social media and chat as well as secure communications, its consumer-facing device, the Classic, will hit the markets later this year.
The launch of the device ties in with the company's enterprise software service comprising of the BlackBerry Enterprise Server (BES), which can manage security and other organisational functions on the Apple, Android, Kindle and Windows platforms alike. When coupled with the BES, the Passport can offer secured BB Messenger and other social networking services.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Hong Kong protests turn festive after tear gas chaosHong Kong protests turn festive after tear gas chaos
Netanyahu UN speech  blatant manipulation of facts : PLONetanyahu UN speech  blatant manipulation of facts : PLO
Gujarat State Fertilizers & ChemicalsCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Live: PM Narendra Modi arrives in Washington for summit meeting with US President Barack Obama8:23 am: 
8:23 am: 
7:09 am: Prime Minister Narendra Modi leaves for India after his five-day visit to the US. He said, "Thank you America". "I achieved a lot in these five days. I am going back to India very satisfied."
11:58 pm: Agreed to create energy innovation laboratories in India, also agreed to upgrade our national parks-Vikram Doraiswami: MEA #ModiMeetsObama
11:43 pm: 
11:38 pm: PM Narendra Modi and US President Barack Obama pay homage to Martin Luther King Memorial, the leader of African-American Civil Rights Movement: PTI #ModiMeetsObama
11:38 pm: US Vice President Joe Biden: Our ties have grown enormously #ModiMeetsObama
11:34 pm: John Kerry: India, US are two countries who begin Constitution with "We the People". we share the same economic and political imperatives. We want history to remember what PM Modi did for India's development & what Mahatma Gandhi did for its freedom in same breath.
11:30 pm: India-US to work together on disrupting financial & tactical support for LeT, JeM, D-company & Haqqani network. #ModiMeetsObama
11:29 pm: John Kerry: Mr PM, no matter how our warm our welcome here we are not going to be able to top the Madison Square Garden reception. #ModiMeetsObama
11:22 pm: India-US Group to address all implementation issues to speed up deployment of US origin nuclear reactors in India : MEA #ModiMeetsObama
11:08 pm: I have extended an invitation to President Obama and his family to visit India: PM Modi #ModiMeetsObama
11:07 pm: The issue of climate change is a priority for both India and US: PM Modi #ModiMeetsObama
11:05 pm: 
11:04 pm: After India-US Summit on Mars, we are meeting here on earth - PM Modi #ModiMeetsObama
11:02 pm: We had an open discussion on WTO issue. We support trade facilitation but a solution that takes care of our food security must be found: PM Modi #ModiMeetsObama
10:57 pm: US President Obama: I am impressed with how PM Modi is working for the poorest of the poor and revitalising the economy. #ModiMeetsObama
10:56 pm: US President Obama : Discussed trade issues, maritime rules, fight against Islamic State with PM Modi #ModiMeetsObama
10:54 pm: US to cooperate as knowledge partner for India's planned National Defence University. #ModiMeetsObama
10:53 pm: PM Modi: India-US decide to renew Framework Agreement for defence cooperation for further 10 years #ModiMeetsObama
10:52 pm: PM Modi: I sought support fro President Obama for greater access to India's service companies #ModiMeetsObama
10:52 pm: US to be lead partner in developing Allahabad, Ajmer & Vizag as Smart Cities: MEA #ModiMeetsObama
10:51 pm: PM Modi: I want to welcome US defence companies to boost our defence industry #ModiMeetsObama
10:50 pm: We both are committed to helping Afghanistan and improving our coordination in this area: PM Modi #ModiMeetsObama
10:50 pm: PM Modi: I look forward to receive Obama and his family in India #ModiMeetsObama
10:48 pm: PM Modi: PM: We shared our concern over Ebola virus crisis #ModiMeetsObama
10:47 pm: We are both serious about resolving issues related to civil nuclear deal, it's important for India's energy security: Modi #ModiMeetsObama
10:46 pm: I urged President Obama to take steps whereby our service companies can get access to the American economy: Modi #ModiMeetsObama
10:44 pm: We decided to deepen our existing ties with India: US President Barack Obama #ModiMeetsObama
10:44 pm: Glad to meet Obama, thank him for his hospitality: PM Narendra Modi #ModiMeetsObama
10:43 pm: We discussed international situation, security issues and Middle East violence and extremism: Obama after meeting Modi #ModiMeetsObama
10:39 pm: 
10:20 pm: PM Modi held talks with US President Barack Obama on 'substantive' bilateral, regional and international issues: PTI #ModiMeetsObama
9:59 pm: India and US agree to extend their defence agreement for 10 years, say Pentagon sources: PTI #ModiMeetsObama
9:29 pm: President Obama wants stabilisation in Indo-US relations: Strobe Talbott #ModiMeetsObama
9:28 pm: Modi, Obama both no-nonsense guys, they don't care about ceremonial things: Strobe Talbott #ModiMeetsObama
9:27 pm: Strobe Talbott, President, Brookings Institution: Keen to know if India will back US action against ISIS #ModiMeetsObama
8:43 pm: PM Narendra Modi, US President Barack Obama to issue a joint statement shortly. #ModiMeetsObama
8:34 pm: 
8:29 pm: Prime Minister Narendra Modi reaches White House for bilateral meet with President Barack Obama. #ModiMeetsObama
7:12 pm: 

Photos: Violence erupts in Tamil Nadu after Jaya s convictionCrime
Photos: Violence erupts in Tamil Nadu after Jayalalithaa's conviction
Amid vociferous protests in support of Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa, an All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (AIADMK) supporter on Saturday made a self immolation attempt in Chennai against special court's verdict holding Jayalalithaa guilty in disproportionate assets case. Another protest broke out outside Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader Subramanian Swamy's residence
Following the conviction of J Jayalalithaa in the disproportionate assets case by a Bangalore special court, leaders of various political parties said that the court's verdict proves that no one is above the law. In Tamil Nadu, meanwhile, DMK supporters were seen celebrating while the AIADMK supporters mourned the conviction of their leader. The court convicted Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa under the Prevention of Corruption Act. This court's verdict, which also found her ex-aide V K Sasikala guilty means that Jayalalithaa stands, disqualified as an MLA, and therefore, she will have to step down as Tamil Nadu Chief Minister. (ANI)
Supporters of DMK and AIADMK clash near the residence of DMK chief M Karunanidhi`s residence after a Bangalore special court pronounced Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa guilty in a graft case ... more 
Supporters of DMK and AIADMK clash near the residence of DMK chief M Karunanidhi`s residence after a Bangalore special court pronounced Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa guilty in a graft case in Chennai on Sept. 27 2014. (Photo: IANS) less 
1 / 20

Hafeez reported for suspect actionMore
Hafeez reported for suspect action
Lahore Lions offspinner Mohammad Hafeez has been reported for a suspect bowling action by the umpires, following the team's Champions League T20 match against Dolphins.
By ESPNcricinfo staff | ESPNcricinfo –  Sat 27 Sep, 2014 5:30 AM IST
Tweet
0
Lahore Lions offspinner Mohammad Hafeez has been reported for a suspect bowling action by the umpires, following the team's Champions League T20 match against Dolphins in Bangalore on Saturday evening. Dolphins offspinner Prenelan Subrayen was also reported.
Mohammad HafeezUnder CLT20 guidelines, both players could request for an official assessment from the BCCI's suspect bowling action committee. For now, while they can continue to play for their teams without assessment, they have been placed on the tournament's 'warning list' as per its rules. If they are reported again, while still on the warning list, the players will be suspended from bowling in the tournament - and in any cricket organised by the BCCI - until their actions are cleared. Being reported in the CLT20 has no impact on a bowler's participation in international cricket.
The reports were made by umpires Kumar Dharamsena, Vineet Kulkarni and Anil Chaudhary, who had officiated in the Dolphins-Lions match. Both bowlers had opened the bowling for their sides and gone on to bowl a full quota of four overs. While Hafeez claimed 2 for 18 as Lions successfully defended 164, Subrayen did not pick up wicket while conceding 39 runs.
Earlier Lions' Adnan Rasool, another offspinner, had also been reported. He has continued to turn out for his team.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

After eliminating polio govt targets measlesNew Delhi, September 29, 2014
Updated: September 29, 2014 17:11 IST
After eliminating polio, govt targets measles
PTI
The Hindu File photo of a child being administered with measles vaccine in Chennai.
TOPICS
vaccines
An ambitious drive to eliminate or control a host of diseases, including measles, which affects lakhs of people and leave many killed every year will be launched, Health Minister Harsh Vardhan on Monday said.
Dr. Vardhan said the government was already working towards eliminating measles by 2015 and Rubella, also known as German measles, and ‘Kala-azar’ or black fever by 2015.
It also aims to eliminate parasitic disease Filaria by 2015 and Leprosy at district level by 2017.
“We got rid of Smallpox in 1977 and Polio in 2014. There is no reason why we cannot finish others,” he said during a press conference here.
Dr. Vardhan said the government has called a meeting of health secretaries from across the country on October 9 in this regard, following which a nationwide programme will be launched regarding elimination of such diseases and others.
“We have problems of hypertension, diabetes, cancer, obesity among others and a detailed module and protocol to deal with them is ready. There will be a final discussion on October 9 before we roll it out,” he said.
Boost for Ayush
Hinting that ‘Ayush’, which includes Ayurveda and Yoga, may receive a boost under the BJP government, Dr. Vardhan said the Health Ministry is ready with ‘The Recognition of New Systems of Medicine Bill, 2014,’ to determine the distinctive characteristics of alternative systems of medicine.
The government for the first time will also host the ’World Ayurveda Congress’ between November 7—9 and 24 ministers from 40 countries will participate in it, he said.
“Universal Health Assurance Mission, which is yet to get the government’s nod, will have 50 essential drugs with a package of diagnostics and about 30 Ayush drugs that will be made accessible to all citizens,” he said.

Marketing Titans: Maggie Lang and Genuinely Loving Your Customerreddit
Your customer is a person, not a user. Such basic observations were a central theme at Connections 2014, where over 8,000 marketers descended to hear about consumer engagement. Showcased in this conference is the new Journey Builder software which allows the marketer to walk with the customer at each step in the experience. Of all the sessions and discussions going on throughout the conference, one theme is central; the role of marketer is to serve the customer. Maggie Lang, Senior Director for Kimpton Hotels has the task of making sure that such service is assured. Before Kimpton, she worked with United Airlines for six years and managed the rebranding effort between United and Continental.
What is an important trend you've observed during your time as a marketer?
"Everything is intrinsically linked. So many companies do reputation management online but then forgot the personal experience found with the personal interaction with the customer. If you go into a hotel and have a bad experience, then post on TripAdvisory.com, there is no amount of marketing I can do to make you disregard that experience. The offline and the online are linked so closely that a company which ignores one or the other is doing themselves an injustice. Brands cannot be arrogant. They have to listen to what the customer is saying and respond. In their response, it's their responsibility to find a solution for the problem they caused with their customer. If you, as a brand, don't respond or engage with them, then that's just another opportunity that's lost."
In the world of Big Data and customer, where is the disconnect between the gathering of information and the application of data for the betterment of the customer?
"One of the first things that every brand has to remember is that personalization is not simply getting a first name/last name. It begins with having a true love for the customer and making sure that their entire experience is outstanding. With Chatter/Journey Builder, we are able to collect information that's given by the customer and treat them as an individual, rather than as a customer. What it begins with, however, is having the right intention. Its that intention that becomes the disconnect. Many marketers prioritize information linked to age, income, and other demographics, but those don't address who you are as a person. You have to use those small pieces of information as stepping stones into the larger story of each person, and then embrace that story. The application of the data has to begin with the customer and end with the customer."
How do you get the needed information about the customer?
"We only use information that the person has provided to us, and then only use we only ask information that makes them feel more warmly welcome next time welcome. Everything is based around making their stay more enjoyable. One of the ways we do this is by being transparent about what we do with the information, and with how we respond to complaints. We do our best to take ownership of the experience so that we can find a solution."
How does serving the customer translate to social media?
"Twitter and Pinterest offer another real-time component to the customer experience. Facebook is what I call a "post component", given most people post there after something has happened. If someone has a bad experience and shares it socially, we pick up on the tweet and address it personally if they are still with us, or digitally if they are not. Either way, we purse the customer as any friend would, and do everything we can solve the problem. One of the basic challenges with this is that there is so much information shared on social that it's impossible to efficiently engage within that realm without some technological assistance."
What prompted you to pursue a career in marketing within the hospitality industry?
"I love seeing the experience take place in real-time. Despite what some may say, surprise and delight are scalable. It doesn't take a large investment from a company to surprise and surpass a person's expectation. Simply saying, 'We heard you', is enough to make a personal connection. Again, this has to be followed by action, but it shows an active consideration that they will remember."
Tell me about the merger between United and Continental. As the manager of the marketing behind that project, what was one of the biggest takeaways from the experience?
"Being a marketer for an airline is good growing experience because it forces you to face perception extremes. People either love or hate their experience. Rarely is there a middle ground. For the merger, we took the rich histories of both airlines and found the common themes between each, capitalizing on both rather than on one or the other. This made for a stronger union that enhanced both airlines, both internally and externally.
What advice do you have to those new marketers considering the hospitality industry?
"Learn all you can about every possible marketing channel. Get into the habit of taking ownership of things that go wrong so that you can use it as an opportunity to make things right. The customer will report what happened regardless, so deal with the issue and make it right. Remember to serve the customer. That's your mission, your guiding light, and your end goal."
This interview begins a series dedicated to the interviews and experiences had at Connections 2014. In marketing, it's no longer about tricking, persuading, or influencing the customer. Marketing is about serving the customer. Special thanks to Maggie Lang for this interview.
Follow Joseph Parker on Twitter: www.twitter.com/josephpkr
More:

The science of skunky beer (and how to prevent it)By Rachel Feltman September 29 Follow @rachelfeltman
There’s nothing worse than reaching for a cold beer, taking that first sip and realizing your beer’s been skunked. Skunking is a chemical reaction that causes an awful, bitter taste. Why does it happen? Quick answer: It's all about light. (Reactions/American Chemical Society via YouTube)
With October just a few days away, beer lovers are buzzing in anticipation. But there's bad news: Even though it's cool and breezy out, your beer can still get skunked.
Although many think that "skunking," or the phenomenon of beer developing a putrid taste and smell, is caused by heat, it's actually caused by light exposure. The American Chemical Society explains the process in their latest video , above.
When hops are boiled down to make beer, they release chemical compounds called Iso-Alpha Acids. They're bitter on their own, but when exposed to sunlight they break down and interact with other molecules in the beer to produce a molecule that's almost identical to the one in a skunk's smelly spray.
And it's so strong that if you put one eyedropper of the chemical in an Olympic pool full of beer, you'd change the taste -- which would surely ruin your boozy backstroke.
Hot beer can get stale more quickly, but it won't skunk. It's all about that sunshine, which is why most beers are sold in dark glass containers or solid aluminum cans. If a beer comes in a light glass bottle, it probably uses a chemically modified form of hops instead of the real thing -- but skunking can still occur . So whatever your brew of choice at Oktoberfest, stay in the shade.
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

More than 40 dogs killed in North Las Vegas house fireBy Sarah Larimer September 29 Follow @slarimer
A small dog looks out from beneath a car in the front yard at a home where animals were killed in an overnight fire in North Las Vegas on Monday. (Photos by Chase Stevens/LasVegas Review-Journal via AP)
More than three dozen dogs were killed last  weekend when a fire broke out in a suburban Las Vegas home, according to reports .
North Las Vegas Fire Department Capt. Cedric Williams told the Associated Press that some dogs were spotted outside the house when authorities responded to the scene Sunday night. But most of the animals were found inside the home, which was already filled with smoke when crews arrived.
“We have pet-rescue masks, and many were resuscitated,” Williams told AP. “They did a wonderful job.”
The AP initially reported that at least 41 dogs died in the blaze, while 52 more made it out. By Monday afternoon, however, the death toll from the fire had grown .
Dozens of dogs were killed in an overnight fire at this North Las Vegas home.
A North Las Vegas animal control officer walks through the front yard at a home where several dogs were killed in an overnight fire.
The AP reports that the property is owned by Isaac Barron, a local councilman . Barron told the AP in a statement that he’d been renting the house to tenants, whom he’d been trying to evict.
Barron did not immediately return an e-mail from The Post on Monday, and a telephone message left with a spokesman was also not immediately returned.
Sarah Larimer is a general assignment reporter for the Washington Post.

Editorial: Getting India on lineEditorial: Getting India on line
Tata to build navigator for Honeywell in IndiaTata to build navigator for Honeywell in India
Islamic State closes in on Kurdish area of SyriaIslamic State closes in on Kurdish area of Syria
http://usat.ly/1rG4WcjPIMCO names Ivascyn its new Bill Gross
By: Matt Krantz September 26, 2014 7:44 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
Dan Ivascyn takes over as head of CIO of PIMCO. Source: PIMCO
PIMCO late Friday named Daniel Ivascyn as its new chief investment officer, replacing Bill Gross who resigned today.
Ivascyn, 44, has served as deputy chief investment officer at PIMCO since Jan. 21, 2014 and joined the company in 1998. Most recently, he managed the company’s PIMCO Income Fund which has $38 billion under management, Bloomberg says. Ivascyn and Alfred Murata were named bond fund managers of the year for 2013 by Morningstar.
EARLIER:  Bond guru Bill Gross leaves Pimco, joins Janus Capital
Ivascyn has experience in a number of bond areas, including mortgage-backed securities, which have been an increasingly popular area of the fixed-income market.
Before joining PIMCO, Ivascyn worked in the asset-backed securities unit of Bear Stearns. He has also worked at T. Rowe Price and Fidelity Investments since getting into the business in 1991.
AT PIMCO:  Gross’ outspoken nature troubled colleagues
Ivascyn has an MBA from the University of Chicago and has a bachelor’s in economics from Occidental College.
Besides the change at the top, PIMCO made a number of other personnel changes. Scott Mather, Mark Kiesel and Mihir Worah were named the portfolio managers of PIMCO’s headliner Total Return Fund. Kiesel is recognized among insiders as being so convinced the housing market was overvalued during the housing bubble that he sold his own Newport Beach, Calif. home and moved into a rental to avoid the financial pain of the downturn. Kiesel was named bond manager of the year in 2012 by Morningstar.
Mather joined PIMCO in 1998 and before that was a bond trader focused on mortgage backed securities for Goldman Sachs. He holds a master’s degree in engineering from the University of Pennsylvania.
Worah joined PIMCO in 2001, before which he was researching at Stanford Linear Accelerator Center, where “he built models to explain the difference between matter and anti-matter,” PIMCO says. He holds a Ph. D. in theoretical physics from the University of Chicago.
“We have a deep bench of talent with extensive investment and leadership experience, including more than 240 portfolio managers globally, and our outstanding team around the world gives us the scale, talent, expertise and commitment to manage this transition,” Ivascyn said in a release. “We will continue to add and promote talent at all levels to help us drive our firm forward.”
Editor in Chief @dcallaway and financial guru @JohnWaggoner on Bill Gross' stunning PIMCO exit http://t.co/RNzT4XkQVf pic.twitter.com/j1QAGDKeHA

http://usat.ly/1vrR31wFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Pimco will lose billions from Gross' departure
Pimco could lose 10% to 30% of its assets in the wake of the departure of its founder and star manager, Bill Gross.
Post to Facebook
Pimco will lose billions from Gross' departure Pimco could lose 10% to 30% of its assets in the wake of the departure of its founder and star manager, Bill Gross. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/YGu1bb
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
2
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Pimco will lose billions from Gross' departure
John Waggoner , USA TODAY 3:15 p.m. EDT September 29, 2014
Video Keywords Wall Street Colorado Rockies Derek Jeter interest rates Tim Geithner mutual fund scandal bond bull Ben Bernanke culture personality vast trading John Wagner Corsica Denver Colorado Newport Rockies Denver Colorado Iraq California
USA TODAY editor-in-chief Dave Callaway talks to investment columnist John Waggoner about the departure that’s shaking the bond market. (Money, USA TODAY)
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:02  Hi I'm David Callaway editor in chief of USA today
00:05  and with me is John Wagner USA today fund management columnist
00:09  and what will Wall Street expert. To talk about the stunning
00:12  news earlier. At Pimco Bill Gross is leaving the company to
00:17  go to Janice in Denver Colorado. John. Coming after the big
00:22  Yankee game. This is like Derek Jeter saying he's not gonna
00:25  retire instead he's gonna join the Colorado Rockies what's going on
00:29  here. Well that's absolutely right when I first saw the press
00:31  release I had to call the company to make sure wasn't
00:33  some kind of practical joke it's a stunning thing Bill Gross
00:36  bill. Pimco from nothing really to it two trillion dollar bond
00:41  powerhouse. Tim Geithner and Ben Bernanke would call him regularly he's
00:45  one of the most quoted people on Wall Street. For him
00:48  to leave the company that he began and due to a
00:51  smaller really more obscure firm is just stunning news. Now it
00:55  goes obviously had some problems recently and it was that a
00:57  big rift between gross and and Mohammed -- area in which
01:01  resulted in Hillary and leaving. Last year. There's been some SEC.
01:06  Investigative stuff going on recently this week. -- what does this
01:10  mean for pinnacle shares are getting hammered the funds are seen.
01:14  Higher sales that's just rushing for the exits what's it mean
01:17  for the future. Well you know it's a big departure and
01:21  for anybody who owns and then go find it's time to
01:23  think about whether. The reason you bought that Pimco fund is
01:27  still there. For most people there reason but that Pimco fund
01:30  this Bill Gross who was the mastermind behind. Almost every fund
01:34  that they own and he's really was Pimco I think that's
01:38  it's the talk about the culture personality. He -- he was
01:41  Pimco he would chair all the investment is the chief investment
01:45  officer. And that was part of the problem was. If someone's
01:49  described it a good. Portfolio managers and accountant with a chip
01:53  on shoulder right and so this is guys really knew his
01:56  stuff but he just had a tremendous ego. Didn't stay in
02:00  four. Anybody else's opinion terribly well on the drove a lot
02:03  of good talent out of him. So does Hillary and come
02:07  back now take over. You know. I wouldn't be a bad
02:11  bet you know I mean he had a good gig there
02:14  he's widely respected his work until now I don't know whether
02:17  he's got the bond trading chops that that Bill Gross does
02:21  but grosses -- were kind of often the last year and
02:24  a half he hasn't done as well as yet been done.
02:26  There is some chatter out there and he's not gonna come
02:29  back to him and I think Pimco said dale. Name --
02:32  new chief investment officer but but it is it is juicy
02:35  to speculate. Right and what is odd is that you know
02:38  this guy leaves and -- the founder of the chief investment
02:40  officer leaves. And then -- puts out a statement saying yeah
02:43  well there will then somebody really soon here. And now you
02:47  know almost the stunning as this is where he's going chance.
02:51  Ever heard anything from them in no about a decade. And
02:53  is and it's an equity house right not a bond out
02:56  exactly right as a reason you have heard from his because
02:58  we've been quiet day they were. Big big deal in the
03:02  eighty's and ninety's during the big technology run up here powerhouse
03:06  had great fund manager Tom Corsica when bonds of fund company
03:10  in. Couple others who all left you know in the meltdown.
03:16  Then they were investigated in 2003 and find heavily 2004 by
03:20  the SEC during mutual fund scandal. They've had some turnover in
03:24  the CEO ranks. And you're right there -- there and equity
03:28  house -- -- bullish growth equity house that's what they mean
03:31  has been made and and for them to suddenly say. Time
03:35  for months has a lot. A bill for Newport California type
03:39  guys to get them moved to Denver. -- that I don't
03:43  know I do know that the CEO Janice is an old.
03:47  And Kodak. He was he views there since 1996. They know
03:52  each other well so there is -- and synergy there. But
03:56  he -- things Bill Gross is probably going to miss is
03:59  the fact that you know -- this vast trading Stan --
04:02  staff and mechanism behind in the -- And you know it
04:06  is trading desk that would see him this size -- Football
04:09  fields now anything going to a smaller company with less resources
04:15  maybe that's what -- once. But. I have to say you
04:19  know maybe that that's going to be drawback for him to.
04:21  It is a stunning turn of events that I have to
04:24  ask if if you're a bond investor. Is this the final.
04:29  Straw in the bond bull market. Yeah you know -- thinking
04:34  about that because of Christie's is really. Not a lot of
04:37  room for interest rates do anything but would rise right you
04:41  okay come good out further German ten year rate at one
04:44  point six or something bad. You know there's not a lot
04:47  of room left for a big bond bull market started in
04:50  1981. Been going on for years. It's going to be a
04:54  tough environment to make money in bonds in the next ten
04:57  years and I have to say you know. You probably do
05:02  want a really good bond manager for unity in a bond
05:04  fund that Josef you asked the question why Harry went on
05:07  on at this point and to be honest I think you'd
05:10  be better off many cases just in a money fund these
05:13  rates will rise to get nice you listings or. Well --
05:16  Iraq and today kimco shares are down Janet shares are soaring.
05:20  Keep following John as he writes about this developing story and
05:23  USA -- dot com.
Bill Gross, manager of Pimco Total Return Fund and a founder of Pacific Investment Management company, takes part, via video conferencing, in a USA TODAY Business Roundtable discussion from his offices in Newport Beach, Calif.
(Photo: Bob Riha Jr., USA TODAY)
23 CONNECT 52 TWEET 6 LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Pimco could lose 10% to 30% of its assets in the wake of the departure of its founder and star manager, Bill Gross, according to Bernstein Research.
Pimco stunned the investment management world by announcing Friday that he would join Denver-based Janus Capital. The move was widely viewed as a pre-emptive move on Gross' part: Pimco management clashed with Gross on the direction of the firm, and Gross' performance was lagging.
The Wall Street Journal, citing anonymous sources, said that $10 billion had left Pimco since Gross' announcement. That's a 0.5% drop in Pimco's $2 trillion in assets. According to Morningstar, assets at Pimco's largest exchange-traded fund, Pimco Total Return ETF, fell $10.9 million Friday.
First take: Gross brings talent and baggage to Janus
A loss of 30% of assets over time would be $600 billion, and could mean a drop in the stock of Pimco's parent, Allianz SE, of about 13%, according to Bernstein Research. Adding to the uncertainty about Allianz and Pimco: The Securities and Exchange Commission investigation into the pricing of the Pimco Total Return ETF, Bernstein Research says.
Institutional investors have been buzzing about Pimco ever since Mohamed El-Erian, Pimco's former CEO and co-CIO, left the company in January, reportedly over personality clashes with Gross. New York State's pension system, which has $7.1 billion with Pimco, is evaluating the situation, according to Bloomberg. CalPERS, the California employees' pension fund, has about $1 billion in Pimco and has no plans to move, Bloomberg says.
"We made a decision about a year ago to reduce our exposure to Pimco Total Return Bond," says Ray Ferrara, financial planner in Clearwater, Fla. "It had so significantly underperformed for so long."
"The time to re-evaluate Pimco was months ago," says Westerly, R.I., financial planner Malcolm Making. "The decision then, should have been to get out. — fast.  Pimco without Bill Gross could morph into a solid investment manager. ... or simply disappear.  It's worth waiting on the sidelines to find out which will happen."
What about following Gross to Janus? "You have got to be kidding," Makin says. "Bill is 70 years old and under the scrutiny of an SEC investigation.  He made his fortune and his reputation with bonds in an era that no longer exists."
23 CONNECT 52 TWEET 6 LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/YGu1bb
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

Group: Wildlife Populations Down DrasticallyAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Narendra Modis dinner at the PierreNarendra Modis dinner at the Pierre
MS CEO asks India staff to build  predictive  toolsMS CEO asks India staff to build  predictive  tools
Modi promises U.S. CEOs a return to market reformsModi promises U.S. CEOs a return to market reforms
Banking & Financial Services - SectorCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Facebook market value tops $200bnFacebook market value tops $200bn
By Tim Bradshaw
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ecc0f050-37a3-11e4-bd0a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Cubs TV rights deal in late inningsCubs TV rights deal in late innings
Chris Sweda, Tribune
The Cubs opted out of an agreement with WGN-Ch. 9 last year, freeing up about 70 games on television, ostensibly ending a relationship dating to 1948.
The Cubs opted out of an agreement with WGN-Ch. 9 last year, freeing up about 70 games on television, ostensibly ending a relationship dating to 1948. (Chris Sweda, Tribune)
The Cubs are exploring private equity funding and a new cable network but still need a TV partner for 2015.
As soon as this week, the Cubs are expected to announce a TV deal for next season.
The Cubs want their own sports network in 2020, but it might be not be on cable.
The Chicago Cubs may be headed for extra innings in their search for a new television home.
With one week left in the season, and its expiring agreement with WGN-Ch. 9, the team has yet to announce broadcast plans for 2015 and beyond. Sources say the Cubs are exploring everything from a private equity partnership to a new regional sports network, but a long-term deal may not be imminent.
"Wait till next year" won't work with advertisers and TV stations. Sources say the Cubs are under increasing pressure to find a short-term solution, perhaps even a return to Tribune Media, with whom negotiations are ongoing.
An announcement is expected as soon as this week, according to sources. Cubs spokesman Julian Green declined to comment.
  Open link
The Cubs opted out of an agreement with WGN-Ch. 9 last year, freeing up about 70 games on television, ostensibly ending a relationship dating to 1948. The move enabled the Cubs to sync up expiring broadcast and cable rights after the 2019 season.
Launching a regional sports network in 2020 could mean big bucks for the Cubs, who earned about $60 million between Comcast SportsNet Chicago and WGN-Ch. 9 this season. The team received about $500,000 per game from CSN, and about $250,000 per game from Channel 9, according to sources. The Los Angeles Dodgers, who launched their own cable network this year with Time Warner Cable, are earning a reported $8.35 billion over 25 years, or about $2 million per game.
Banking on a regional sports network in 2020 is still a gamble for the Cubs. There are indications that the prices that cable subscribers are willing to pay for local sports may have peaked with the Dodgers deal. Nearly two-thirds of Los Angeles viewers have been shut out from viewing games this season because other cable and satellite operators refuse to pay a higher premium for the Dodgers network.
8
The Cubs may be looking to hedge their bets by bringing in outside investors.
Sources say the team is in negotiations with TPG Capital, a Texas-based private equity firm with deep roots in sports and entertainment, to be a partner in monetizing broadcast rights.
TPG, founded in 1992 by David Bonderman, manages $66 billion of capital, including a 35 percent stake in Creative Artists Agency, a Los Angeles-based talent agency that represents top actors, musicians and more than 650 professional athletes.
A spokeswoman for TPG declined to comment.
The closest parallel to a Cubs-TPG partnership may be the YES Network, home of the New York Yankees, which formed in 2002 with Goldman Sachs and Providence Equity Partners owning a combined 40 percent of the network. The equity firms divested their stakes this year when 21st Century Fox took majority ownership of YES, a deal that valued the network at $3.9 billion.
More than a decade later, it is a very different game. Cable cord-cutting and a la carte pricing threaten to change the subscriber ecosystem. Meanwhile, the struggles to expand Dodgers games to more systems in Los Angeles, and the recent bankruptcy of a Comcast sports network in Houston amid distribution issues and ownership squabbles, may portend a down-slide in valuations for regional sports networks.
Still, some industry experts say launching a regional sports network in 2020 is likely a good gamble.
"Regional sports networks are going to continue to be highly valuable content," said Doug Perlman, founder and CEO of Connecticut-based Sports Media Advisors. "They may look different by 2020 than they do today. They may be delivered in different ways and viewed on different devices. But at its core, sports content is the content about which people are most passionate."
@JimBob2 I take back almost any disagreement I have ever had with you!
SWBurbs
10
Unlike other major markets, Chicago has only one regional sports network, making a competitor likely and viable, according to industry experts. One potential partner is Fox Sports, which has the local TV rights to 15 Major League Baseball teams and owns 22 regional sports networks around the country, including the YES Network.
Fox Sports previously had a regional sports network in Chicago but lost the rights to the Cubs, White Sox, Bulls and Blackhawks when the teams banded together in 2004 to form Comcast SportsNet Chicago.
Fox Sports had preliminary discussions with the Cubs before this season, but talks never progressed, according to industry sources.
Another potential partner is Root Sports, owned by a subsidiary of DirecTV. Root, formed in 2011, has regional sports networks in Seattle, Denver and Pittsburgh, and it's looking to take over Comcast SportsNet Houston.
AT&T's $48.5 billion acquisition of DirecTV, pending approval by the Federal Communications Commission and the Department of Justice, may make Root a bigger player in the regional sports network game, according to some industry experts. The merger will create a combined subscriber base of nearly 1 million households in Chicago — 590,000 for DirecTV and 391,000 for AT&T, according to SNL Kagan — guaranteeing clearance if an RSN were to be launched here.
A spokesman for DirecTV Sports Networks declined to comment.
Comcast is also getting bigger, with its $45 billion acquisition of Time Warner Cable pending regulatory approval. Comcast SportsNet Chicago does not have a right of first refusal for the Cubs' cable rights in 2020, according to sources, but it may have the inside track. In addition to its broad distribution — it has 1.54 million subscribers in Chicago, according to SNL Kagan — the network may be able to strike a deal to air the displaced WGN games over the next five years, as part of a back-end agreement to create a second regional sports network.
A spokesman for Comcast-owned NBC Sports Group, which oversees 11 regional sports networks, including CSN Chicago, declined to comment.
Another potential option come 2020 may be going over the top — cutting out the cable middleman and launching a Cubs streaming network. Baseball streaming rights are controlled by MLB Advanced Media, which offers all out-of-market games on a subscription basis, with teams sharing the revenue equally. Local teams are currently blacked out, but the league may enable authenticated subscribers to stream in-market games by next season, according to executives.
Whether that sets the table for a pure over-the-top Cubs network is unclear, but it may argue for waiting to see how the streaming market plays out before committing to any long-term rights deal.
But signing up a TV partner for 2015 cannot wait, and options may be limited. Before the season, the Cubs reached out to a number of Chicago stations, but sources said talks never progressed and no active discussions are taking place at NBC-owned WMAQ-Ch. 5, ABC-owned WLS-Ch. 7, Fox-owned WFLD-Ch. 32 and WPWR-Ch. 50.
It is unclear whether talks have taken place with CBS-owned WBBM-Ch. 2, and a station spokeswoman declined to comment. In June, CBS Radio struck a long-term deal with the Cubs to air the games on WBBM-AM 780, wresting the radio rights from Tribune Media's WGN-AM 720.

Frozen  Ride at Disney World Sparks BacklashEmail
Courtesy Disney / Courtesy Disney
When it comes to visiting Walt Disney World these days, it seems you’re either a "princess person" or a "troll person." While the former are thrilled that Disney will open an attraction at EPCOT based on the hit movie “Frozen” in 2016, the latter are just as upset that it’ll rise on the current site of Maelstrom, the Norwegian-themed boat ride that will shut its doors on Oct. 5.
The news has sparked cheers among “Frozen” fans, a vociferous counter-protest ( #savemaelstrom ) and plenty of grumbling about how Disney management is desecrating Walt’s vision for the park. The uproar is all the more surprising considering the original ride was never overly popular in the first place.
“It had some nice elements but it was never an attraction in terms of actually 'attracting' people,” said Robert Niles, editor of ThemeParkInsider.com. “No one ever booked a trip to Disney World just to ride Maelstrom.”
But ride it they did. Opened as part of the park’s World Showcase in 1988, the ride was designed to take visitors on a Viking-boat tour of Norway’s past and present. Amid the trolls, polar bears and waterfalls, fans loved its animatronic characters and the way it celebrated Norwegian culture rather than fictional characters.
A Disneyworld guest's video of their entire ride on the Maelstrom.
They’re people like Alexandra Tighe, a 26-year-old grad student from Boston who visits the park every year: “To me, the World Showcase at EPCOT is exactly that: a showcase of the world, not of Disney films or the fairytale princesses that crowd up the other parks. The fact that [Disney] is ridding the World Showcase of its true meaning is heartbreaking.”
Others maintain that, at 26, Maelstrom has grown as long in the tooth as the trolls that inhabit it. For them, replacing the ride — even with one based on a fictional character — is long overdue.
“It’s almost 2015. You have the new Fantasyland, Harry Potter at Universal — a quaint, little ride like Maelstrom? I won’t miss it,” said James Rao, a 46-year-old father of three from Kansas City, who last rode it in 2010 but skipped it on a visit three years later. “EPCOT is my favorite park in the world; it needs a shot in the arm.”
Video: Fearless optimist Anna teams up with brave outdoorsman Kristoff, with a helping hand from snowman Olaf, in an effort to melt away eternal winter from her once-happy land. Opens Nov. 27.
And “Frozen” is just the property to provide it. Released in November 2013, the story of the princess sisters Elsa and Anna has gone on to ice the competition with its empowering story, irresistible songs and a global box office of $1.27 billion, according to BoxOfficeMojo.com. Girls around the world know the songs by heart, merchandise flies off store shelves and wait times for meet and greets with Elsa and Anna have been known to approach four hours — even without a freestanding attraction.
As a result, a “Frozen”-themed attraction will have a built-in audience the day it opens. At this point, Disney is keeping mum about details — the company didn’t respond to inquiries seeking comment — but industry observers suggest it will include a live show featuring the princesses and their pals, along with a dark ride that plays off the movie’s much-loved storyline.
“The opening is a little more than a year away so that implies that we’re looking at more of a thematic overlay than a substantial demolition and reconstruction,” said Niles of ThemeParkInsider. “It will probably still be a boat ride but with the decorations changing from trolls and Norway scenes to ones of Elsa, Anna and everybody else from the movie.”
Whether or not that fictional story is appropriate for the World Showcase mission will remain a matter of opinion. However, given the competitive landscape, the drawing power of today’s licensed characters and the built-in audience for “Frozen,” the closure of a fond, but old-fashioned attraction, like Maelstrom was probably inevitable.
The best thing its fans can probably do is take a cue from Elsa herself and “let it go, let it go.”
Jimmy Fallon, Idina Menzel & The Roots Sing "Let It Go" from "Frozen" (w/ Classroom Instruments)
Tags:

Silva to seek trade deals for BrazilSilva to seek trade deals for Brazil
By Joe Leahy in São Paulo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/622680a8-43de-11e4-8abd-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

MOM gets clicking before workUpdated: September 26, 2014 16:15 IST
MOM gets clicking before work
Special Correspondent
Tweet
ISRO The first image of Mars from ISRO's Mars Orbiter. The Orbiter tweeted the photo saying: "The view is nice up here."
In this photo downloaded off Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s personal Twitter handle @narendramodi, Isro chief K. Radhakrishnan and his team presents the first picture of Mars sent by the Mars Orbiter Mission.
SLIDESHOW
space programme
First images presented to Prime Minister
ISRO’s Mars orbiter has sent down first-day pictures that show the grainy orange Martian terrain. The space agency on Thursday unveiled two of the first five pictures taken by the Mars colour camera. Some more pictures are to be made public on Friday.
Within the first half-hour of going round Mars, the orbiter clicked five pictures each taken five minutes apart. They were received and processed till late night at the Indian Space Science Data Centre for planetary studies at Byalalu near here.
ISRO scientists presented the first images to Prime Minister on Thursday morning before putting them out — notably first on Twitter.
A team of @isro scientists presented the 1st pictures from #Mangalyaan today morning. @isro pic.twitter.com/sqCRQrhftO
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) September 25, 2014
The first image shows a Martian surface with a black patch taken from a distance of 7,300 km. The second one, distance unmentioned, was also on Twitter by evening and has a part of the orange orb in the background of deep black space.
“1st image of Mars, from a height of 7300 km; with 376m spatial resolution. MT @MarsOrbiter The view is nice up here,” ISRO tweeted.
To this, Mr. Modi responded, “Yes, I agree @MarsOrbiter, the view is indeed nice up there! @isro.”
Yes, I agree @MarsOrbiter , the view is indeed nice up there! @isro pic.twitter.com/hX3TNd9ggk
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) September 25, 2014
ISRO’s Scientific Secretary V. Koteswara Rao said over the next seven to 10 days, “we will plan [when] to switch on the [other four] payloads. We are checking the health of the orbiter.” They include the methane sensor for Mars, which is expected to say if Mars ever harboured life.
After the big move of September 24, “35 kg of fuel is left in the orbiter and it should be comfortable for six months,” which is the planned life of the Mars Orbiter Mission, he said.
Post-orbit, the Mars mission team has been collating data from the four ground stations and maintaining the elliptical path, which is 423 km from Mars at the nearest point and 76,000 km at the farther end of the path.
Every three days, the orbiter gets eclipsed and briefly goes without sunlight. The mission team must ensure unhindered operations at that time, an official said.

Before and after: A timeline of the splitSeptember 28
Aug. 30, 2012
Science Applications International Corp. announces that it will split into two companies, Leidos and a new SAIC.
Nov. 5, 2012
John P. Jumper and Anthony J. Moraco appointed chief executives of Leidos and SAIC, respectively.
Sept. 27, 2013
Split completed; new SAIC listed on New York Stock Exchange .
Oct. 4, 2013
SAIC executives ring closing bell at NYSE.
December 2013
Both companies issue first earnings report since the split.
Leidos’s revenue and profits fall compared with the same period the previous year.
At SAIC, revenue falls, but profit dips less dramatically.
February 2014
Jumper announces he will retire once a new chief executive is found.
March 27, 2014
K. Stuart Shea, who was favored to lead Leidos, announces surprise resignation. Profits and revenue fall at both companies compared to the previous year.
June 2014
Revenue and profits at Leidos fall again, but profit falls by a smaller percentage than the previous quarter. SAIC sees revenue drop, but profits rise.
July 1, 2014
Former Boeing executive Roger Krone appointed chief executive of Leidos.
September 2014
Leidos reports big drop in health and engineering services segment. SAIC’s revenue drops, but profits increase.
Editor’s note: An earlier version of this had an incorrect date for the appointment of John P. Jumper and Anthony J. Moraco as chief executives of Leidos and SAIC.
More from Capital Business:

Google study heightens fund industry fearsGoogle study heightens fund industry fears
By Madison Marriage
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7ce1d560-457c-11e4-9b71-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Opportunities in a crisisCaptive end-users mining coal is not optimal. Nor is it known to have succeeded elsewhere. Coal-mining has its own challenges and needs core competence, which the end-users are unlikely to possess. Source: CR Sasikumar
Written by Partha Bhattacharyya | Posted: September 29, 2014 12:48 am | Updated: September 29, 2014 7:56 am
The Supreme Court verdict provides scope for largescale and speedy reforms in the coal sector.
After the long-awaited verdict, all coal blocks allotted since 1993, declared “illegal” by the Supreme Court on August 25, stand cancelled, except for a few allotted to PSUs and to UMPPs (ultra mega power projects) through the tendering route. For the 40 operating mines, a transition time of six months has been allowed to make alternative arrangements for sustaining production before the cancellation becomes effective on the ground.
At stake is the production from the operating mines of roughly 38 million tonnes, besides the production expected in the near term from another six coal blocks that had received most of the clearances. In the medium and long terms, some of the other allotted blocks could also have come into the production phase. Nevertheless, the time taken by the captive end-users to bring the blocks into production has been inordinately long. As per estimates made at the beginning of the 11th Plan (2007-08), coal production from these blocks was expected to reach 111 million tonnes per annum (mtpa) by 2011-12 and 330 mtpa by 2016-17. But production languishes at 38 mtpa at present.
Captive end-users mining coal is not optimal. Nor is it known to have succeeded elsewhere in the world. Coal-mining has its own challenges and needs core competence, which the end-users are unlikely to possess. Moreover, the mining of coal by end-users requires reserves to be artificially subdivided into small blocks to meet their individual demand. In the process, a huge quantity of coal is left out for creating barriers, which otherwise could have been mined out.
The allocation of coal blocks to end-users, though suboptimal, was necessitated by the inability to open up the coal sector for largescale commercial mining. The enabling statutory provision, a bill to repeal the Coal Mines Nationalisation Act, introduced in the Rajya Sabha in 2000, could not be passed for various reasons. The weak balance sheet of Coal India Ltd (CIL) was also a serious concern. Conditions are vastly different today. CIL has emerged as the largest coal miner globally, with a strong balance sheet and is also a low-cost producer of opencast coal.
In other words, the time is ripe for largescale reforms in the coal sector. The latest verdict of the apex court could be viewed,  in this context, as an excellent opportunity to fast track  the reforms.
As a first step, the fully and largely explored cancelled blocks should be merged to create larger blocks, separated by natural boundaries instead of coal continued…

The return of IndiraFormer PM Indira Gandhi (Source: Reuters)
Written by Inder Malhotra | Posted: September 29, 2014 12:38 am
Once fresh elections were scheduled for December 1979, many started believing that Indira Gandhi’s return to power was possible, perhaps probable. Only her staunch loyalists considered it certain. Her advantages were obvious, of course, even though her critics hoped that her “cardinal sin” of imposing the Emergency would be an albatross round her neck. In the first place, the Janata had disgraced itself thoroughly and thus earned the contempt of even those who had voted for it exuberantly only three years earlier.
Second, and more important, she was being contested not by a single party, as in 1977, but by its two mutually hostile factions. The division of votes could benefit only her. No less crucial was the third factor. The huge spurt in attacks and atrocities on Scheduled Castes since the beginning of the Janata regime had turned this large voting segment back to Indira Gandhi, who had been fighting for this oppressed section of society since her famous elephant ride to Belchi. Moreover, the country had been suffering from an acute shortage of basic consumer goods.
This was partly due to a prolonged drought but the fault was naturally attributed to the party in power, especially because constant and bitter infighting had rendered it unable to function. One of the slogans on the campaign trail went, “Janata ho gayi fail, kha gayi chini aur mitti ka tel (The Janata has failed and has eaten up sugar and kerosene).”
No wonder that all through the campaign, Gandhi refrained from saying anything about the abolition of poverty, secularism, socialism or any other such issue. Her single-point call to the people was to elect a “government that works”. Her government in the past, she reminded her audiences, had done so and would surely do so in the future. It was on January 3, 1980, that election results started coming in, and within an hour it was clear that Gandhi was sweeping the polls.
The Times of India headline the next morning — “IT’S INDIRA ALL THE WAY” — said it all. However, this was based on voting trends. When the last result was announced on January 6, the tremendous scale of her triumph hit the country. Her party had won 353 of the Lok Sabha seats — one more than it had captured in the famous garibi hatao general election in 1971. She had done very well in south India even after the Emergency.
She now repeated this performance in the north. What happened in Uttar Pradesh, the state that sends the largest contingent of members to the Lok Sabha, was instructive. There, the rival factions of the Janata had declared themselves separate parties. Indira won 36 per cent of the popular vote but 60 per cent of the parliamentary seats. One of her two major opponents obtained 22 per cent of the vote and the other, 29 per cent. Yet, between them, they continued…
The Janata had disgraced itself and thus earned the contempt of even those who had voted for it only three years earlier.

A delicate  diplomatic dancePrint
Xi’s visit reflects the Chinese leader’s desire to seize the opportunity occasioned by Modi’s emphatic victory to improve Sino-Indian relations.
Written by Vincent Wei Cheng Wang | Posted: September 29, 2014 12:48 am | Updated: September 29, 2014 8:01 am
The Xi-Modi interaction marks the first step towards dynamic India-China ties.
Riding on his historic election victory premised on revitalising India’s economy, Prime Minister Narendra Modi spent a very busy month of September on diplomacy.
In early September, he visited Japan, building a personal rapport with Japan’s Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, and strengthening the economic and security ties between India and Japan. Both Modi and Abe have been called “nationalists” who understand the links between their nations’ domestic economic strengths and external power and prestige.
Then he received China’s president and Communist Party of China’s General Secretary, Xi Jinping, who visited India between September 17 and 19. Modi also sought to build a personal relationship with Xi, by inviting him to celebrate his birthday in Gujarat. Modi has now embarked on a visit to the United States to meet with US President Barack Obama, congressional leaders, and the Indian-American community.
A recent New York Times editorial cartoon likens Modi to the dancing Shiva, simultaneously engaging Japan and the US, while also reaching out to Xi, who is carrying a suitcase (symbolising business opportunities). This flurry of diplomatic moves may help shed light on the Modi administration’s global aspirations and define the complex geostrategic and economic landscape of Asia-Pacific for years to come. Of these complex moves, the Indo-Chinese dance deserves the closest attention.
Despite the slogan, “Hindi-Chini bhai-bhai”, avidly promoted in the early 1950s by the then prime minister, Jawaharlal Nehru, the Indo-Chinese relationship has been a complex affair. The unresolved territorial disputes, the long shadow cast by the 1962 war, China’s relationship with Pakistan and other countries in South Asia surrounding India, India’s support of the Dalai Lama, both countries’ geopolitical aspirations and quest for energy to fuel their economic growth all point to a competitive relationship, or even an emerging rivalry that could involve other major powers. In this regard, Modi’s complex diplomatic dance can be seen as attempts to shore up India’s position vis-à-vis China’s.
Yet, both countries also often talk about a “Chindia” (more often from the Indian side) that is built on perceived “natural complementarity” between the two economies, purported affinity between two ancient civilisations, and common desire to play more significant roles in a global order that was defined by the West and is perceived to continue reflecting Western dominance. On this count, Xi’s visit helped rekindle the prospect of “Chindia”.
Ever since Modi was elected, the Chinese government has been sending high-ranking officials (in words or in person) — first, Premier Li Keqiang, then, Foreign Minister Wang Yi, and now, Xi — to meet with the new leader. This courtship reflects the Chinese leader’s desire to seize the opportunity occasioned by Modi’s decisive victory to improve Sino-Indian continued…
The Xi-Modi interaction marks the first step towards dynamic India-China ties

Why India is unlikely to see rating upgrade soonLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Why India is unlikely to see rating upgrade soon
Although Moody’s outlook on India remains stable, Andrew Colquhoun, Head of Asia-Pacific Sovereign Ratings Group at Fitch Ratings does not see any chance of a change in ratings for India in medium-term.
Post your opinion here
08:00 am
India received a shot in the arm as global rating agency Standard & Poor's on Friday revised India's credit outlook to "stable" from "negative", acknowledging the improvement in the country’s economic environment.
The revision was backed by an improvement in India’s external position and growth prospects and means it’s no longer on the brink of a "junk" rating. S&P was the last of the three main global ratings agencies with a negative outlook on India; Moody’s never changed India’s outlook, while Fitch upgraded it to stable in 2013.
Although Moody’s outlook on India remains stable, Andrew Colquhoun, Head of Asia-Pacific Sovereign Ratings Group at Fitch Ratings doesn't see any chance of an alteration in ratings for India in the medium-term.
In an interview with CNBC-TV18’s Latha Venkatesh, Atsi Sheth, Senior Vice President, Moody's also does not expect a change in rating for India soon. She says that the agency will look at Reserve Bank’s views on inflation trends, macro outlook and growth sustainability before any ratings action.
Below is the verbatim transcript of Andrew Colquhoun and Atsi Sheth’s interview:
Q: The last of the rating agencies have also made their outlook, converted their outlook to stable on India. How long would it be before Fitch upgrades the rating itself?
Andrew: Fitch have found India’s rating at BBB minus with a stable outlook in April and at that time we highlighted a number of positive or negative rating drivers. So things that would plead us to review the rating positively would include a sustained fiscal consolidation, bringing down the fiscal deficit, stabilising and reducing government debt levels which remain higher than peers in the BBB range. As well of course, this progress on reforms from the new government and continued progress on the RBI side in bringing low and stable inflation.
Q: Have you noticed progress on any of these parameters since April enough to make you pounder about a rating upgrade for instance a 4.1 percent fiscal deficit was announced with the manner in which we have seen diesel prices increase that is subsidies reduced as well as the global fall in crude prices. Are you getting a sense that this parameter itself has improved?
Andrew: On the Budget front, it was interesting that the new government reaffirmed the outgoing government’s fiscal deficit target. From our perspective, it remains a little difficult to see exactly how we get to that 4.1 percent union deficit. In particular, there is an assumption for divestment revenue that is quite optimistic.
Recent experience has been that when divestment revenues fall short the government responses by coming back on capital spending to keep the deficit within target and that is obviously something that has an impact on longer term growth prospects. So it remains to be seen whether the new government can find more supportive formula on the fiscal front.
Q: Do you find any of the parameters improved enough for the market to expect a rating upgrade anytime in 6-12 months?
Andrew: Our stable outlook on the ratings as we see the pressure on the rating is broadly balanced over a 12-18 months timeframe. So we are not expecting rating action eminently.
Q: So you don’t see any eminent chance of a rating action?
Andrew: That is correct, that is what our stable outlook is signifying. Of course, all our ratings remain subject to review at all time and as things change then of course we will change the ratings.
Q: What is the sense at Moody’s, what are the parameters you will look at for a rating upgrade? I guess for Moody’s as well we are at the lowest rung of the investment grade?
Atsi: Yes BAA3 is the lowest rung in the BAA range which tends to be considered investment grade. What would lead the rating to have upward pressure? There are three broad issues that we have highlighted in our research and the first is the fiscal that you have been discussing just before and our view on the fiscal is not just this years budget deficit target but also budget deficit and how it develops over the next three-five year period because even if the 4.1 percent deficit target is met this year, India’s general government deficit as you know which includes the centre and the state will remain significantly above the 3-4 percent that others achieve at the same rating level. So we would look at not just the central government budget deficit but also the general government, that is one thing.
We would look at not just this year’s outcome but the kind of measures that would have to be implemented this year and next for over the next three-five years, expenditures to be cut to such an extent and revenues improve to such an extent that the deficit could come down.
The other of course is the sustainability of growth. India has had significant acceleration in growth in the 80’s, 90’s and 2000’s. Each time and each decade that growth has been vulnerable either to a domestic shock or a global shock. And what we are looking at is not just the pace at which growth accelerates. We expect it to accelerate but we also want to look at how sustainable is this growth if global conditions turn less benign or if there is a domestic shock of one kind or another. So our focus is more on the quality of growth acceleration, how much it is supported by increase in savings, increase in investment and increase in productivity most importantly.
Q: Reading between the lines a rating upgrade is perhaps not in order for the next 12 months at least because you want to look at certain things sustaining. So should the market at least understand that Moody’s cannot look for a rating upgrade for the next 12 months?
Atsi: Our outlook is stable so we do believe that there will be an improvement in the macro economic outlook but whether the credit risk will alleviate beyond BAA3, that is not clear at this point. We believe that the risks are at BAA3 level.
Q: You also referred to the threat of inflation and how the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is handling it. What are you expecting from the RBI tomorrow and do you have any view on how fast inflation will come down, what is your own estimate?
Andrew: We are not in business of making short-term market calls. What is more important is the direction and the credibility of the policy framework over time and it is pretty clear the governor has articulated very clearly where he wants to see consumer price inflation go and also the consumer prices very much are the focus, nothing that we feel constructively including when we stabilised the outlook last June, June 2013. The change in the guard at RBI and the change of policy focus from RBI as well as the fiscal consolidation that had already started to happen back then were key factors behind the stabilisation of the outlook at that point.
Q: What would you watch out for tomorrow from the credit policy?
Atsi: Well we won’t forecast what the governor is likely to announce, I think the indications that we want to see is where the RBI believes inflation is heading not just in terms of the 8 percent target for next March but also the 6 percent target. That would be important to get an indication of that and beyond just the inflation trends what other macro economic trends are suggesting that is on the balance of payment front and the growth front, it will be interesting to have the RBI’s own view as to how it is reading the high frequency data in the last few months.
RELATED NEWS

Indian economy to be more  domestic-driven : AmbitLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Indian economy to be more 'domestic-driven': Ambit
Ambit has introduced 15 stocks in its core opportunities portfolio to benefit from the economic revival.
Post your opinion here
Street Signs
Ambit has introduced 15 stocks in its core opportunities portfolio to benefit from the economic revival. These include Bharat Forge , Ramkrishna Forgings ,  Alstom T&D and PTC India Financial  among others.
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Andrew Holland, CEO of Ambit Investment Advisors, said manufacturing sector will play a key role in India’s economy, which this time around will be more ‘domestic-driven’ than outsourcing based, seen in 2003-2006.
Once the government’s kick starts the infrastructure reforms, it will have a multiplier effect on the economy, Holland said. Ambit is upbeat on the companies that are into supply side of this growth story.
Ambit sees GDP growth to increase by 1 percent and says the country is likely to see significant FDI in insurance. It expects the road sector to see 8,500-km contract in FY15, and engineering, construction sectors to get big boost.
In the oil and gas segment, the firm expects a USD 15 billion investment in the next 3-4 years and sees urea, diesel decontrol.
Below is the transcript of Andrew Holland’s interview to CNBC-TV18’s Ekta Batra and Anuj Singhal
Anuj: In your note on the Core Opportunities Portfolio, your portfolio management service (PMS), the first question is what stands out, why should one invest in this? Can you tell us the kind of stocks that you would be looking at for this PMS and your rationale for that?
A: It is something we have talked about before and I do feel this is going to be a domestic driven economy unlike the 2003 to 2006 period where a lot of outsourcing helped drive the economy. So as the government starts to kick start the infrastructure will have a multiplier effect on the economy going forward. 
What we are trying to identify is companies which supply this domestic growth story where they have operational gearing or pricing power which will start to see earnings grow very strongly over the next two-three years and you will see a new basket of winners emerging from different sectors which are supplying India’s growth story going forward. So that is the scene that we are playing, it is a very concentrated portfolio, 15 stocks. We are looking to find companies which have huge operational gearing, good management and which can deliver as growth starts to unfold in India.
Anuj: Let’s talk about Bharat Forge, that stock has already rallied quite a bit. Why do you think it can rally from here on as well?
A: Bharat Forge since we first started looking at it is up three times. At the moment it is pretty fairly valued. One of the other companies we have been buying because we feel that a similar story is about to unfold is Ramkrishna Forgings where it is going to be doubling capacity over the next six months or so and again operational gearing as they sell into the CV market which everyone is now expecting to pickup strongly. So these are the companies we are looking at. So Ramakrishna Forgings rather than Bharat Forge at this time which has had great run over the last few months. So that is the stock we have picked there. 
Following that it doesn’t always have to be a manufacturing. Indian Hotels  is a stock that we like, if the economy is going to pickup then they have both operational gearing through high occupancy and obviously higher pricing power as well to go with it. So a couple of companies which give you an idea of the supply theme that we are looking at.
Anuj: Just a word on the Modi premium for the market and some part of your fund is based out of that as well. What is the call from Foreign Institutional Investments (FIIs) right now? Do you think this Modi magic is going to continue in Indian market or you think this premium would start to ebb unless we start to see some big bang reforms which to be fair we haven’t seen so far?
A: You are right the euphoria of the past few months has been helped along with global liquidity which has helped push the markets higher and I have been vary of that move when we got to 8200 on the Nifty. The global liquidity still concerns me but it is a bit like buying a new car, it is nice and shiny on the outside and it looks good but you still have to turn on the engine to move forward and that is where we are, we are all shiny and bright at the moment but we still need to kick-start some reforms to get the engine growing and the economy moving higher.
Ekta: Once there is some amount of an uptick in consumption and discretionary spending, which are the stocks that you would like to accumulate to play that and to see it come through?
A: Most of our focus is really on the infrastructure play at the moment and cyclicals, that is where you are going to get the biggest upturn in earnings because most companies are running at 50-60 percent manufacturing capacity. So once you start to see that improve then you just have an earnings explosion. So not really looking at the consumption side at this stage, it is a bit later cycle for us. But certainly like the manufacturing supply side story of the Indian domestic story.
Ekta: PTC India has indicated that they will maintain their asset quality going forward but the stock itself has given over 100 percent returns on a year-to-date basis already. What makes you so convinced about further incremental returns and any sort of target price on PTC India as well?
A: We are at the very start of what we think is a rerating of the supply story in India. The first moves have been the easy moves and obviously what the market is doing now is starting to differentiate between the no so real and the real winners. What we are trying to indentify is what we believe over two years will be winners which will prove themselves over other companies within the sector and continues to gain market share. So whilst a lot of these companies would have seen a good run over the past six months, it is the next two years where you are going to make the most money as the domestic story unfolds in India.
Anuj: The sector that I want to discuss now is oil and gas because you expect USD 15 billion of investment in oil and gas over the next three-four years and you expect a diesel decontrol as well. Do you think there have been hints already for that because the market was disappointed for example with what happened with the gas pricing decision being postponed again? Even for diesel there has been no decision that has been taken so far. What makes you confident that things would move along for this sector?
A: They will move along, it is taking a bit longer than we would all hope. The gas pricing should have been an easy task for the government, I don’t know why they are waiting but eventually they will get their.
The way we are looking at the oil and gas sector is really what the government said is that they want to spend USD 15-20 billion on putting a gas pipeline around the country and how do I want to play that? I want to buy the gas supply manufacturing companies, the gas pipe companies rather than the owners of the pipe. So that is where you are going to get the big order inflows over the next two years and a lot of these companies are running at very low manufacturing capacities. So once those orders start to hit through, work through the operations and you will have a big explosion in earnings. So don’t really want to play the oil marketing companies, the ONGC. I would rather play the supply side of the theme and the investment over the next two years.
RELATED NEWS

Japan renewables curb could boost nuclearJapan renewable energy curb could spark nuclear restart
By Ben McLannahan in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8a0823dc-457e-11e4-ab86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

SoftBank eyes push into energy marketJapan’s SoftBank technology group considers push into energy market
By Jennifer Thompson in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/facb8246-8a5b-11e3-9c29-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

No S&P impact! Sensex target unchanged @ 30KS&P has little impact; analysts keep Sensex target unchanged @ 30K
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 29, 2014, 03.00PM IST
Tags:
CLSA
(Rating agencies have been…)
NEW DELHI: Global rating agency Standard and Poor's might have raised the outlook for India's 'BBB-minus' rating to 'stable' from 'negative', but analysts on the Dalal Street still maintain their year-end target for the Sensex at around 30,000, and 8500-8600 for the Nifty. The market, however, did not wait for the S&P action. The Sensex has already rallied over 26 per cent so far in the year 2014, supported by robust FII flows (over $30 billion YTD).
Image 1
"While the rating action is incrementally positive as the rating has remained investment grade, it is unlikely to have a major impact on the market," Motilal Oswal said in a report.
"Meanwhile, a variety of other factors, including stability of INR and reduced risk premium, improvement in investor sentiments and signs of improvement in economic indicators, are already driving the financial market," added the report.
In the past, rating agencies have been blamed for their failure to take timely rating action and opaque procedure that does not link credit actions to preset quantitative targets. This has been displayed both during the downcycle and the upcycle.
"I would still stick to my year-end Sensex projection of 30,000. There will be a lot of resistance at that point. So the markets will be quite volatile," said Raghu Kumar, Cofounder, RKSV.
"Apart from that, there is a slight risk of investors being wary of pumping money when such a critical point is hit," he added.
Image 2
The S&P outlook upgrade means that the country risk premium for India will eventually reduce once the actual upgrades come in and hence the Indian markets will look cheaper due to the lower discount rates.
"It will attract more FDI/FII money going forward as the outlook upgrade will give higher valuations to all Indian assets. But the big fillip will come only after an actual rating upgrade," said Vikas V Gupta - Executive Vice President at ArthVeda Fund Management Pvt.
"We have not revised our year-end targets for both the Sensex & the Nifty. Our one year target is approximately the same at 34000 by March 2015," he added. Gupta said that he had already accounted for some favorable factors given the trend towards better fundamentals.
All the three main rating agencies now have India's sovereign credit rating at one notch above junk grade and with a stable outlook.
Expectations from the newly-elected Modi government remain sky high despite some recent setback in terms of delay in the gas price hike, coal block de-allocation etc.
"Equities, INR and bonds understandably reacted positively to S&P's revision last week, but this is at best a kneejerk reaction," CLSA said in a report. The government will come through with some reforms, but a sovereign credit rating upgrade over the next 12-18 months is highly unlikely.
"The combination of a mere cyclical improvement and incremental reforms is unlikely to turn on rating agencies," added the CLSA report.
However, India will attract more FDI post outlook upgrade as it will boost confidence among investors and positively impact India's business image. New initiatives like 'Make in India' and Modi's recent visit to Japan and the US can also act as a new boost for investor confidence.
"Rating up gradation from S&P will definitely boost the confidence of retail investors and for the year-end, we expect the target for the Nifty around 8500-8600 and for the Sensex around 29700-30000," said Rohit Gadia, Founder & CEO, CapitalVia Global Research Ltd.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jaiprakash Power s credibility and stock price hitting rock bottomJaiprakash Power's credibility and stock price hitting rock bottom
N Sundaresha Subramanian |  Sep 29, 2014 10:46 PM IST
On September 10, Jaiprakash Power Ventures told the exchanges, in a clarification on a news item titled ‘Abu Dhabi utility eyes JP Hydro assets in HP’, “As per (the) publicly announced policy of Jaypee Group, we are committed to unlock and enhance the shareholders’ value through various options, including, if necessary, by sale of some of its undertakings. This is a continuous exercise and, as and when any such transaction materialises, we shall make (an) appropriate announcement through the stock exchanges.”
On October 23, 2013, another news report appeared, titled ‘Jaiprakash to sell 2 India power plants to Taqa'. The company had given an identical clarification to the BSE, “...as and when any such transaction materialises, we shall make (an) appropriate announcement through the stock exchanges...”
The stock ran up an impressive 30 per cent, hitting a near–term high of Rs 20 around the time of the second news report. Even as shareholders had awaited that earlier “appropriate announcement”, not much materialised till March 3. On that day, the company said its board of directors had cleared a plan to hive off two operating plants into two separate companies and then sell it to a consortium led by Taqa India Power Ventures. The share price tumbled and settled at a much lower range of Rs 12-17.
Almost eight months after the first reports of the sale, on May 1, 2014, the Competition Commission of India put out an order clearing the deal. After some TV channels reported about the clearance, the shares started rallying again. As this coincided with the broader market rally triggered by the election results and formation of a stable government, these hit a high of Rs 25.85, a 100 per cent jump from mid-March.
Then, the stock started slipping from the second week of June. On July 2, the company said, “With reference to the news item appearing in a media report regarding ‘JSW Energy in race to buy JP Power’, Jaiprakash Power Ventures Ltd has clarified to BSE that the said news item is purely based on market speculation and the company does not comment on any such market speculation.”
On July 24, it informed the exchanges that the deal with Taqa had been called off. Four days later, JP Ventures informed BSE that it had entered into a memorandum of understanding on July 27 with Reliance CleanGen Ltd (RCL), a fully owned subsidiary of the Anil Dhirubhai Ambani Group’s (ADAG’s) Reliance Power, for divestment of three hydro power plants — Baspa-II, Vishnuprayag and Karcham Wangtoo.
Last week, it said this deal had also been called off “due to differences of commercial aspects” and another “binding” agreement had been signed with the JSW group. News reports that followed have quoted anonymous executives trying to emphasise how the ADAG deal was ‘non-binding’ and the JSW one is ‘binding’. Which made shareholders wonder if the ADAG deal was non-binding, why didn’t they get to know about it in the July announcement to the exchanges?
The episode has dragged on for too long for stakeholders’ comfort and the way they’re coming to know of things, in the form of clarifications of news appeared elsewhere rather than in the form of official announcements. leaves a bad taste and raises corporate governance and regulatory concerns. No wonder, the shares have shed most of their gains and were changing hands at Rs 12.80 on Monday. It is high time the company gave a clear and detailed statement, explaining the events of the past one year before we hear it from elsewhere.

Meghalaya flood toll 52  waters recede a week after calamityA damaged car after a landslide at Kharkhuta village in North Garo Hills district of Meghalaya. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | Shillong | Posted: September 29, 2014 6:02 pm | Updated: September 30, 2014 6:36 am
Flash floods and landslides claimed the lives of at least 52 person in Meghalaya as properties worth several crore of rupees were damaged, Deputy Chief Minister Roytre C Laloo said on Monday.
“Official figures have indicated that 52 persons lost their lives, mostly in the Garo Hills region, and properties including road, houses, livestock and agriculture worth about Rs 2,000 crore got damaged,” Laloo told PTI.
A semblance of normalcy emerged as rising flood waters receded in many places but the visible damage caused is extensive.
Laloo, also in charge of Revenue department, said the government is still awaiting a full report on the damage.
Chief Minister Mukul Sangma has already sought a Rs 2,000 crore relief aid from the Centre to help the state in the re-building process.
The extent of damage caused by floods in the plain belts of Garo Hills region is still unfolding as people who had left their marooned houses or were evacuated are now trying to get back to their homes to check the damage as water level is receding, district officials in North Garo Hills, the worst affected one, said.
Water level in the Brahmaputra and its tributary, the Jingiram, which submerged over 1,100 villages in 27 blocks in the state, receded to a large extent, they said.
Over 10,000 persons are believed to be taking shelter in the various relief camps set up by the state government.
In view of the extensive damage, commuting on certain district roads and supply of water and power continued to remain disrupted in many areas even as repair and maintenance work was on.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has announced Rs two lakh as ex-gratia payment to the next of kin of those killed in the natural calamity in the state and Rs 50,000 to those seriously injured.

THE NEW (FEMALE) THOR: Writer Jason Aaron hammered out the groundwork ahead of this weeks debut [+SNEAK PEEK]Cover art for Wednesday’s debut issue of Jason Aaron’s new THOR series. (courtesy: Marvel Comics)
 
WHEN MARVEL COMICS announced in July that mighty Mjolnir, the mystical hammer of Thor, would soon no longer be wielded by the son of Odin, but rather by a masked mystery woman — thus giving us a new Thor — the news naturally spread quickly.
At that same moment, Jason Aaron — the author responsible for writing this pioneering take on the God of Thunder — just happened to be at the Marvel offices in New York, unaware that his latest idea had just gone public on “The View” and gone viral on social media.
“We were having one of our retreats; I didn’t get to see” the announcement, Aaron recounted to Comic Riffs. “I just know at some point in the day, my Twitter feed started exploding, and suddenly I was getting pulled out of the office to go do interviews.”
As the interview requests kept coming, Aaron realized that his newest creative adventure was also going to be a new commercial realm for him, too, in terms of the broader interest. Friends of Aaron’s family who were not comic-book readers began calling his mother with questions. Even his own friends, who never before had asked about his day job, were wanting to know about the big news.
And then…Bette Midler tweeted about it.
On The View, Marvel Comics revealed a new female Thor! She immediately interviewed to become one of the co-hosts.
— Bette Midler (@BetteMidler) July 16, 2014
To those who claimed to be fans of Thor, but had maybe been away for a while, the surprise news came like bolt out of the blue. Yet, Aaron says, the readers who had been along for the two-year ride of his current run on “Thor: God of Thunder” could probably see the clouds of change gathering above Asgard.
This new story has “grown out of everything that I’ve been doing on the character,” Aaron told Comic Riffs. “I’ve been writing Thor for a couple of years now, like 25 issues. So this is not me coming to a stopping point and throwing out everything I’ve been doing. I’ve been laying a lot of tracks for future stories over the course of those 25 issues.
“I’ve introduced some new characters, brought back some old villains,” Aaron continued. “All of that really plays into the new series. This was always the plan: to get Thor to a point where he was unworthy and have someone else pick up that hammer.
“The question was always: Who was that someone going to be?”
That someone for the moment remains a mystery. The first issue of the new Thor series, which will hit comic book shops and digital devices Wednesday, does not let fans see the face of Mjolnir’s new owner; instead, it sets the tone for the multiple mysteries to be solved within its pages. Mysteries that the former Thor — a now hammer-less male — will be driven to solve.
“The Odinson, the previous version of Thor, he’s going to look at all the women around him and start to try to figure out which one of [them] is running around with [his] hammer,” Aaron told Comic Riffs. “It’s a suspect list that’s going to include his mother, Freyja, who plays a big role in [the first issue]; Roz Solomon, who is Thor’s new love interest and also a S.H.I.E.L.D. agent; [his] ex-girlfriend Jane Foster; and Sif [who is a big part of the movies].
“All those characters will have roles to play in the new book, and not just as red herrings,” Aaron continued. “A lot of them have been a big part of the book for the past couple of years, so those roles will continue on, and then one of them ultimately … has a very different story to tell.”
Aaron says this Thor won’t just be a book about secret identities, noting that the mystery of who lies underneath the new mask of Thor is something that won’t be stretched out for too long.
And just as important to the title will be the emergence of Mjolnir, which has a few mysteries of its own.
“Odin [Thor’s father] was the one who put the enchantment on the hammer in the first place,” Aaron said. “He was the one who gave this hammer the power to determine worthiness. As we can see in the first issue, the enchantment has grown beyond even the enchanter. So I really like that idea that this hammer has taken that power onto itself. The hammer will decide who is worthy and nothing can change that.
“It’s really just the beginning of Mjolnir having a very different sort of role in this new Thor series,” Aaron added, “and becoming more of a character in and of itself.”
Part of Mjolnir’s new role will be having a different relationship with its wielder.
“It wouldn’t make sense to do a change if [the new Thor] was exactly the same in every way as the previous version of the character,” Aaron said. “Her powers will be a little bit different — her interaction with the hammer will be a little bit different. There will be things that she can do that we haven’t seen before.”
As for what motivated Aaron to make the decision to debut the new Thor as a woman — once he decided that the original Thor would go on a journey that would expose him as not worthy of his hammer or the title of Thor — Aaron says looking back on the few who have held Mjolnir up to the sky revealed an elite few that, though different, were all still men.
“I knew pretty quickly that I wanted it to be a female character for a couple of different reasons,” Aaron said. “We haven’t seen very many female characters pick that hammer up over the years. We’ve seen lots of different people in the Marvel universe, from Captain America to horse-face alien guy Beta Ray Bill lift that hammer, but hardly any female characters. And if you look at Thor’s supporting cast these days, like the one he’s had in the book I’ve been doing, most of his supporting cast is female. So if it was going to be someone from Thor’s world that was going to pick this hammer up, then it made sense that it was going to be a woman.”
For all the fan excitement about this new Thor era, some were not pleased with the announcement. There were fans who claimed that Marvel Comics was running out of ideas, and that yet another male superhero mantle being passed to a female character was something that had been seen too many times. Aaron begs to differ.
“Whenever there’s a big change like that with a character that’s been around for so long, there are going to be people who freak out,” Aaron told Comic Riffs. “I don’t think we would have gotten the same amount of backlash if we just announced that it was a different dude that was picking up the hammer. So that’s pretty disappointing.
“I think a lot of people who were taking that [view] on it, who claimed to be big-time Thor fans, they didn’t seem to know too much about what the character had been up to for the last several years. If they’re freaking out that much just because Thor is a woman, I think they’ve missed some of the lessons that maybe the character has been trying to teach them over the course of the last 600 issues.”
For fans coming over to Thor comics after seeing the last two “Thor” movies or “The Avengers,” Aaron says that a new Thor awaiting them in the pages of the comics isn’t a bad thing.
“I love the idea that someone will go see that Avengers movie next year and maybe want to go read some Thor comics,” Aaron said, “and they’ll go pick it up and it’s not exactly the same version of Thor that they saw on screen, but it’s not so profoundly different that they would be turned off and lost. It’s still very much a Thor story it’s just a different version of Thor. I love that.”
“I love the Marvel movies, but I always feel like we should be a step ahead of the movies,” Aaron added. “One of the reasons those movies have been so good and so successful is that they’ve been very good at mining the comics. They go back to where these characters started, to those original stories. I think it’s our job as writers for Marvel Comics to continue to create those type of stories that can be mined instead of just trying to give readers exactly what they see on film.”
Amid all the heightened attention and anticipation, Aaron approaches his new take on Thor with conviction.
“I feel as strongly about this new story, about her story,” he said, “as I did when I first took over [Thor] a few years ago.”
 

Sumitomos US shale oil foray turns sourSumitomo’s US shale oil foray turns sour
By Ben McLannahan in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/630658d8-47ba-11e4-be7b-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rousseff claws back lead in Brazil pollRousseff claws back lead from rival in Brazil poll
By Joe Leahy in São Paulo
President wipes out Silva’s previous 9-percentage-point advantage
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/75ee22cc-47cf-11e4-be7b-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Race for Brazils driving seatLex in-depth European telecoms
Most likely to be decided in two rounds, with a run-off scheduled for October 26, the election has turned into a dramatic contest between two women with compelling life stories. They are President Rousseff, a technocrat and former leftist guerrilla, and Marina Silva , a former senator who was raised as an illiterate rubber tapper and is casting herself as an agent of change.
Until early August the election was the PT’s to lose. More than 14m Brazilian families receive the Bolsa Família, or about one quarter of the country’s 200m population, providing the PT with what had seemed an almost unassailable political base. During the party’s 12-year rule, more than half of Brazil’s population has risen into the middle-class defined as those earning more than R$1,734 per capita per household.
Yet the PT has arguably become a victim of its own success. Brazil’s new lower middle class have become disenchanted users of public services. The country’s shoddy hospitals and dismal state schools, as well as perceived endemic corruption and concerns that a stalling economy may signal tougher times ahead, are leading many to seek change.
This has turned the 2014 election into the closest contest in a generation, with the disgruntled in Brazil rejecting the status quo by looking to Ms Silva. This has echoes of other recent elections. In India this year voters turned against the incumbent government by electing Narendra Modi , a politician from a mainstream party but who was perceived as risky in a multicultural country because of his rightwing past. And in Indonesia, voters elected a relative political outsider, Joko Widodo .
More video
“Marina is the closest thing you have to a protest vote,” says Timothy Power, lecturer in Brazilian studies at Oxford university.
For global investors, the vote is crucial. With the economy in technical recession in the first half and its fiscal accounts deteriorating, the world’s seventh largest economy – once an emerging market star – could be headed for junk bond status unless the next president makes tough spending choices.
“If the next president does not signal material change in the way things are moving on the fiscal side we could see, during the first or second quarter of 2015, [a] downgrade by a credit-rating agency,” says Marcelo Salomon, economist at Barclays.
The anointed successor of her wildly popular predecessor, Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva, Ms Rousseff was initially welcomed in 2011 by markets as a competent technocrat. But her government began to intervene in fuel and energy prices and the financial sector, undermining confidence, economists say.
Economic growth has slowed the most since the 1990s, averaging under 2 per cent a year, while inflation is near the top of the central bank’s range of 6.5 per cent. The primary surplus, the figure before interest payments, has deteriorated, raising concern over the long-term health of public finances. Standard & Poor’s downgraded it to one notch above junk this year while Moody’s Investors Service last month changed the outlook on its credit rating to negative.
On the political front, Ms Rousseff won plaudits in her first year by firing ministers accused of corruption and by extending Brazil’s social welfare programmes. But popular dissatisfaction with public services was clear to see when millions protested against government spending on the 2014 football World Cup. Her reputation was further damaged by a corruption scandal in Petrobras , the state-owned oil company she led before becoming president.
In spite of all this, Ms Rousseff was still leading in the polls in early August against Aécio Neves, the candidate of the PT’s traditional rival, the centrist, pro-business PSDB, when tragedy intervened. Her third-placed rival, Eduardo Campos, was killed in an air crash, opening the way for his vice-presidential candidate, Marina Silva, to stand in his place.
Ms Silva performed strongly in the 2010 presidential election, winning third place with 19m votes without the backing of a mainstream party. Her campaign for 2014, however, got off to a rocky start when her would-be party, Rede, failed to attract enough signatures to register for the election. This forced her to join Mr Campos as vice-president of his Brazilian Socialist party.
Born dirt poor, Ms Silva taught herself to read and graduated in history. She overcame illness to campaign alongside Brazil’s most famous environmentalist, the late Chico Mendes, against deforestation by ranchers. After joining the PT she served as environment minister under Mr Lula da Silva but quit in 2008 after falling out with him.
“I think that a national leader with the characteristics of Marina is rare anywhere in the world,” says Eduardo Giannetti , a prominent Silva economic adviser and a professor at São Paulo’s Insper business school. “She is in the line of Nelson Mandela, or Mahatma Gandhi, or Martin Luther King, a leader who is grounded in ethics and values.”
After entering the presidential race on August 18, Ms Silva immediately took a lead in the polls over Ms Rousseff when voters were asked who they would choose in a second round run-off.
Her campaign pitch is to combine the “best elements” of the leftist PT and the centrist PSDB. She is promising to preserve the social benefits of the PT, particularly the Bolsa Família, while returning to the responsible economic management of the PSDB. When it was in power in the 1990s it introduced inflation-targeting, fiscal prudence and a floating currency that is credited with overcoming Brazil’s history of runaway prices. She is also pledging full independence for the central bank .
Ms Silva’s advisers say she would immediately make the adjustments being demanded by the markets – restoring the budget primary surplus to healthy levels, estimated by economists at about 3 per cent of gross domestic product compared with under 2 per cent now. This would create a “positive shock” in which inflation would fall and interest rates – standing at 11 per cent – could be lowered.
In the two weeks following her nomination, the market rallied nearly 9 per cent before giving up some of those gains as Ms Rousseff staged a comeback in the polls. “Her economic programme would bring a positive regime change to Brazil – 2015 will likely be a year of adjustments, but better growth could kick in during 2016,” Barclays said in a report predicting a Silva victory.
Many businessmen, while reluctant to comment publicly for fear of being seen to take sides, privately support her economic programme. They point to Ms Silva’s close association with business figures, such as Guilherme Leal, a billionaire who built one of the country’s most prominent brands, beauty product chain Natura , and Maria Alice “Neca” Setúbal, a member of one of the controlling families of Itaú-Unibanco , the largest private bank.
Some question, however, whether she will maintain a hard line on the environment, blocking much-needed infrastructure projects and inhibiting Brazil’s most competitive sector, agribusiness. Others are concerned about whether she will be able to keep her spending promises, particularly a pledge to increase expenditure on health to 10 per cent of the budget. But Mr Giannetti says balancing the budget will be the priority. There will be no “economic adventurism”, he says.
Ms Silva’s message also seems to be getting through to voters. “The Dilma government today is a mess. It’s the same old story – before she came in, she promised a lot and afterwards ended up doing nothing,” says Rosa Antonia dos Santos, a maid in São Paulo. “I think Marina could make some big changes.”
But in recent weeks Ms Rousseff, armed with an overwhelming advantage in free election television advertising, divided between candidates based on their support in Congress, has waged a slick negative campaign saying a Silva victory could cost Brazilians their hard-won improvements in living standards. In one recent advertisement, the PT drew a link between Ms Silva’s proposal for central bank independence and food disappearing off the tables of ordinary Brazilians.
The PT has also reinforced its message of how much things have improved during its rule. In spite of Brazil’s weak economy, unemployment remains low and real wages are rising. The onslaught has allowed Ms Rousseff to draw level with Ms Silva in the latest poll by research group Ibope at 41 per cent each.
A legitimate concern over a Silva government, analysts say, is how she would rule given her Socialist party is likely to only have 30-40 seats in the 513-seat lower house. The party might be able to count on another 50-60 seats from the PSDB but it would need more than 200 to control the house.
This would imply that in spite of her promises to change Brazilian politics, Ms Silva would be forced to engage in the traditional wheeling and dealing of ministries with other parties, to get her policies through. Failure to do so could lead to a lame-duck presidency. “Parties don’t support you in Congress just because they like you, they do it for seats at the cabinet table,” says Mr Power.
For Ms Silva the next few weeks will be crucial. After the first round she will have equal television time to attack Ms Rousseff. Her challenge in the coming weeks will be to convince Brazil’s lower middle class and poor to trade the relative security of the PT for the unknown in search of a better future.
“While Brazilians want change, they clearly want ‘safe’ or ‘reliable’ change that will not put the economic gains of the last decade at risk,” says Tony Volpon, an economist with Nomura .
For Brazil the stakes are equally high. Both candidates promise a radically different vision on the economy – Ms Rousseff more of the same formula that has led the country into technical recession and Ms Silva a plan to return to more orthodox policies – Brazil’s prosperity over the next four years is in the balance.
The welfare search for a nation’s lost generation
Based in Abaetetuba, a vigorous market town that serves remote river communities in Brazil’s Amazonian state of Pará, Iricina Aviz de Oliveira is responsible for conducting “busca ativas”, or active searches.
These are trips into the field to find people in extreme poverty who are not yet receiving federal government help or to assist those on social welfare but who are either having trouble meeting some of the conditions, such as sending their children to school or to have vaccinations.
Many of the families are so isolated from mainstream society that they do not even have basic documents, such as marriage or birth certificates.
“We found a boy once who did not even have a proper first name or last name, just a nickname, Tatu [Armadillo],” says Ms Oliveira. “When we registered him, at the age of 12, he finally chose a real name, Benedito [Benedict].”
“Active search” is part of an extensive system of welfare benefits built around the Bolsa Família, a monthly stipend paid to the poor on condition that they send their children to school and health clinics.
At a cost of about 0.5 per cent of gross domestic product, the stipend has been hailed as a success, contributing to a decline in poverty from more than 16 per cent of the population in 2007 to 9 per cent in 2012, says the World Bank.
Related Topics

Investment fall hits UN climate goalsFalling clean energy investment threatens UN climate goals
By Ed Crooks
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/18d8db9c-7e10-11e3-b409-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Artists To Serve  Radioactive Soup  To Express Solidarity With FukushimaThis post originally appeared on artnet News .
By Henri Neuendorf
Ei and Tomoo Arakawa will serve soup with vegetables from Fukushima at Frieze London
Photo: Frank Gualtieri via Wikimedia Commons
Two Japanese artists are offering visitors to this year’s Frieze Art Fair in London the chance to try a soup made from vegetables grown in Fukushima, The Independent has reported.
The soup’s main ingredient, daikon radish, was grown in Fukushima where, in March 2011, an earthquake and subsequent tsunami caused a local nuclear power plant to melt down, contaminating the surrounding area with radioactive waste.
Ei Arakawa and his brother Tomoo, who call themselves the United Brothers, were born and raised in the affected Fukushima prefecture. The artists plan to fly their mother from Japan to London to prepare the broth at the art fair. The performance, entitled Does This Soup Taste Ambivalent?, is meant to express the pair’s solidarity with those affected by the nuclear disaster.
The artists insist that the soup is safe to eat and have assured Frieze organizers that the vegetables have been approved by the Japanese Farmers’ Association. Frieze director Matthew Slotover told The Independent “They are flying in vegetables. They’ve been tested, they’re safe, but there’s clearly a psychological barrier.”
The Frieze catalogue explains “The gift of food represents the essence of hospitality, sharing and humanity. However, the soup United Brothers offer is laced with the (conceptual) possibility that it may be radioactive.”
The artists will be serving the soup daily at Frieze Art Fair, free of charge.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
artnet News is the world’s first global, 24-hour art newswire, dedicated to informing, engaging, and connecting the most avid members of the art community with daily news and expert commentary.
Read More artnet News / Facebook / Twitter / Pinterest / Tumblr
More:

No holiday for public officials on Gandhi Jayanti as Centre asks them to take cleanliness pledgeSep 29, 2014 at  05:41pm IST
No holiday for public officials on Gandhi Jayanti as Centre asks them to take cleanliness pledge
48
0
New Delhi: The Narendra Modi-led NDA government on Monday sent a fresh reminder to all its employees about keeping their surroundings clean. Issuing a circular to all public departments and ministries, the government asked them to take an oath on October 2, when the nation celebrates Gandhi Jayanti, to keep their environment clean.
The circular says that the government offices will be open in the forenoon on Gandhi Jayanti and the oath will be administered at 9.45 am.
It asks the public officials to take the oath in Mahatma Gandhi's name to commit 100 hours per year to cleaning and prevent the dirtying of their office premises.
A circular issued by the government said that the offices will be open in the forenoon on Gandhi Jayanti and the oath will be administered at 9.45 am.
#swachh bharat #narendra modi #clean india #gandhi jayanti
'Clean India' is a principal programme of the NDA government with Prime Minister Narendra Modi making toilet construction in schools and cleaning of the rivers Ganga and Yamuna a mission.
Under the programme, Modi's ministers have been seen making surprise visits to government offices to check on the levels of cleanliness.
Recently, HRD Minister Smriti Irani was seen taking up the broom at a school to promote the campaign.
The Railway Ministry has said that as part of the 'Swachh Bharat' campaign, its employees will sweep over 1,700 railway stations across India clean on October 2.
The campaign will be officially launched on Gandhi's birth anniversary with PM Modi himself wielding the broom.
In his address to NRIs at Madison Square in New York on Sunday, Modi said 'Clean India' was his target for 2019, which is when the next General Elections will be held.
"Mahatma Gandhi did so much for our country. What have we given him in return?" he asked the audience which responded with a round of thunderous applause. "Let's make a pledge that we will give back the Father of our Nation, a clean country, as he had desired. Let this be our goal for 2019," Modi said.
788

GoPro shares surge on new camera lineupgopro shares surge on new camera lineup
Wall Street falls  but off lows of the sessionWall Street falls, but off lows of the session
By Reuters | 29 Sep, 2014, 09.28PM IST
US stocks were lower, but major indexes were off their lows of the day as investors used market weakness as a chance to add to positions.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: US stocks were lower on Monday, but major indexes were off their lows of the day as investors once again used market weakness as a chance to add to positions.
The losses were modest but broad; all ten primary S&P 500 sectors fell on the day, led by energy shares, which were down 0.8 percent.
The S&P 500 fell almost 1 percent at its session low before rebounding and retracing about half that decline, though it seemed to find resistance at its 50-day moving average.
The benchmark index is about 1.9 percent below a record close hit earlier this month and hasn't undergone a correction - defined as a 10 percent decline from a peak - since 2012.
"This selloff today is an awesome time to get into the markets," said Todd Schoenberger, president of J. Streicher Asset Management in New York. "This stock market is far too resilient."
Much of the day's weakness came as investors monitored the continued civil unrest in Hong Kong for its potential impact on economic growth in China.
Though the economic fallout from the protests was uncertain, Chinese growth has been a major driver of global share gains in recent years and an extended period of unrest could raise further questions about the economy's prospects after data pointed to slowing conditions.
The Dow Jones industrial average was falling 89.15 points, or 0.52 percent, to 17,024, the S&P 500 was losing 9 points, or 0.45 percent, to 1,973.85 and the Nasdaq Composite was dropping 10.70 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,501.50.
Declining issues were outnumbering advancing ones on the NYSE by 2,067 to 840, for a 2.46-to-1 ratio on the downside; on the Nasdaq, 1,532 issues were falling and 997 advancing for a 1.54-to-1 ratio favoring decliners.
The benchmark S&P 500 index was posting 7 new 52-week highs and 10 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite was recording 24 new highs and 95 new lows.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

RBI policy unlikely to have any impact on mkts: Expert("The credit policy I do not…)
In a chat with ET Now, Ashwani Gujral, Fund Manager, Ashwanigujral.com, shares his views on markets . Excerpts:
ET Now: Do defensives keep on seeing the strength over the course of the next few days, the reason I am asking this question to you because I also heard you mention that Bank Nifty could also be a long despite the fact that there is a credit policy tomorrow?
Ashwani Gujral: Yes but the credit policy I do not think there is much expected out there and we are already corrected to the 50-day moving average. See the point is we had a large rally on Friday. Now, today all day long we tried to fall and we really could not fall below 7950. So if this continues and we are able to find support, then this market becomes a buy on dip market with a stop around 7850. So chances are whenever these narrow range days resolve, they should resolve on the upside and maybe you could have a rally all the way back up to 8150 because this remains a bull market. So maybe CNX IT and pharma will just kind of support the market because it appears that the downside immediately maybe over and then 200-300 point upswing is likely from here.
FEATURED ARTICLES

FTIL exits MCX; completes 15% stake sale to Kotak Mahindra BankFTIL exits MCX; completes 15 per cent stake sale to Kotak Mahindra Bank
ET Bureau Sep 30, 2014, 02.19AM IST
Tags:
FTIL
(FTIL announced sale of 15…)
MUMBAI: Technology company and the erstwhile promoter of the country's largest commodity exchange Financial Technologies (India) Ltd or FTIL informed the stock exchanges on Monday that it had completed and concluded the sale of its remaining 15% stake in metals and energy bourse MCX for Rs 459 crore with Kotak Mahindra Bank.
With FTIL having completely exited the bourse, commodity futures market regulator Forward Markets Commission (FMC) gave its nod to the bourse to launch contracts for 2015. MCX was expected to launch fresh contracts late evening Monday.
Earlier this year, FMC barred MCX from launching fresh contracts until the latter ensured FTIL divested its stake completely from the bourse. This was because FMC found FTIL unfit to own or control MCX after a scam in July last year at its subsidiary National Spot Exchange.
Kotak Mahindra Bank in an intimation to BSE said, "... On September 29, 2014, Kotak Mahindra Bank has completed the purchase of 76,49,755 equity shares aggregating to 15% equity stake in Multi Commodity Exchange of India Ltd, from Financial Technologies (India) Ltd, for a consideration of Rs 459 crore."
"I am confident that Kotak Mahindra Group will contribute as significant minority shareholders towards the growth of the exchange," said Jignesh Shah , MD & CEO, FTIL. "We look forward to a constructive partnership with MCX as their technology partner."
On a day the stock market was marginally down, FTIL's share ended up 5% at Rs 228.30 on Monday while MCX gained 3.7% to close atRs 815.85. A total of 2.28 lakh MCX shares were traded on BSE against the 2-week average of 1.47 lakh. Kotak Mahindra shares ended almost 2% lower at Rs 1,002.25.
Suresh Nair, ED of brokerage ADMISI Commodities, said the divestment would allay concerns relating to rollover by participants of their positions on MCX. For example, just two contracts for gold and one in silver, leading traded commodities on MCX, existed as on Monday.
"The divestment will provide much-needed relief on rollover to participants," said Nair. "It will also enable MCX to evolve further."
The deal with Kotak was announced in July. But an important pre-condition to its consummation was the renegotiation of technology contracts between MCX and FTIL. These contracts were found to be one-sided and tilted in favour of FTIL by audit firm PwC, which ran a forensic audit of MCX over a decade through September 2013. FTIL on Monday told BSE in a separate intimation that the contracts signed with MCX in 2012 were successfully renegotiated.
Against contracts extendable up to 99 years, the renegotiated agreement would remain in force for 10 years through October 2022.
Software charges stood reduced by 25% to Rs 1.5 crore a month, along with applicable taxes. Variable charges also have been reduced to 10.3% of gross transaction charges plus taxes monthly from 12.5% earlier.
After the NSEL scam, FTIL was declared unfit to run a commex by FMC and stock exchanges by Sebi.
The unfit order of FMC has been challenged by FTIL, which earlier held 26% in MCX, which it founded in 2003. Turnover on MCX has been affected by imposition of a transaction tax of Rs 10 per lakh and the outbreak of the NSEL scam at the same time last year.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nothing changes for AIADMK: Jaya expected to run govt by remote controlprint
O Panneerselvam during the oath-taking ceremony
For the loyal soldiers of the Amma army in AIADMK, she is omnipotent and omnipresent. Her physical absence amounts to nothing as the party apparatus and the government machinery will function smoothly and do her bidding.
Nothing has changed, AIADMK government continues -- except in place of Jayalalithaa, her loyalist, O Pannerselvam, will be filling in for her. Her jail sentence in a disproportionate assets case will make no difference in governance delivery or style of governance.
The network of her trusted bureaucrats, who run the administration, is very much in place to guide new chief minister Panneerselvam. He himself would do nothing, either as CM or as party treasurer, without clearance from Jayalalithaa. In fact, so total and absolute is Amma’s control over the party apparatus that anyone stepping out of the line is unthinkable in AIADMK.
Read: Jayalalithaa sentenced to 4 years in jail; clashes in Tamil Nadu
AIADMK leaders were seen bowing even to the chopper carrying Amma after it took off at an election rally venue. Such is their reverence of Jayalalithaa.
A political analyst said, Amma’s control over party is absolute. “There is no vacuum. She is only jailed for four years. And she can come out clear as well, she is good fighter,” the analyst said adding “she is more dangerous for political foes from inside the jail.”
Sympathy factor could be something her political opponents would find hard to fight -- which the DMK knows so well. Which is why, it is petrified of making a loud statement about Amma’s current travails.
Meanwhile, in the aftermath of her arrest, Tamil Nadu on Monday too witnessed sporadic protests against Bangalore court judgement. Student bodies, lawyers, traders owing allegiance to AIADMK, held protest demonstrations in several places in the state.
In Chennai, a group of AIADMK MLAs began an indefinite hunger strike at Anna memorial. All the 30 ministers who were sworn in today participated in the protest before going for swearing in ceremony. The protests are slowly growing with different bodies announcing programmes.

Flipkart Ties Up With PC JewellerYou are here: Home Corporates
Flipkart Ties Up With PC Jeweller
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 30, 2014 00:13 (IST)
Sebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
Mumbai: E-commerce major Flipkart has joined hands with PC Jeweller to create a platform for online jewellery shopping.
"With the aim to revolutionise the trend of jewellery buying in India, this partnership will provide an online go-to platform for the shoppers," both the companies said in a statement.
The focus will be on the replicating the comfort, convenience and brilliance that is associated with shopping at the jewellery retailer's large format showroom online on Flipkart, it said.
"We are focussed on our online jewellery brand WearYourShine by PC Jeweller and going forward, we would also like to work with Flipkart towards creating a seamless offline-online integration wherein customers get a flexibility to buy online and exchange or return offline across over 46 showrooms of PC Jeweller."
"We see online jewellery sales becoming a huge market in the next few years, contributing a good share to our business," PC Jeweller executive director and chief operating officer R K Sharma said.
Flipkart's deep data analytics and online cataloguing assistance will further refine the online shopping experience.
"Our access to the country's largest customer base allows us to predict market needs and list new products on our site that we feel will cater to current customer demands. We are confident that precious jewellery, as a category, has huge potential if done right.
"The association of Flipkart and PC Jewellers, both names that are trusted widely by customers, is well positioned to take online jewellery shopping to the next level," Flipkart senior vice president-retail Kalyan Krishnamurthy said.
Story first published on: September 29, 2014 23:51 (IST)

 PM Modi Woos US Corporates  Promises Tax StabilityYou are here: Home Economy
PM Modi Woos American Corporates, Promises Tax Stability
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 30, 2014 00:38 (IST)
Commercial Mining of Coal to be Allowed After Auction: Finance Minister
New York: Making a strong pitch to attract investments into India, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday assured top American corporate honchos of tax stability and a friendlier business environment in the country.
Mr Modi, who is on his maiden visit to the United States as Prime Minister, held meetings with a galaxy of American corporate executives including those from Boeing, PepsiCo, Google, KKR and General Electric.
Bullish on the potential of the Indian market, the corporates expressed keenness to strengthen their engagements with India especially at a time when the new government is rolling out various initiatives such as the 'Make in India' campaign.
"It is my conviction that tax stability is essential for confidence building," PM Modi told American CEOs.
His assertion comes at a time when some multinationals are caught in legal wrangles over tax matters in the country.
Wooing the corporates, he said he wants to convert the Supreme Court judgment on coal allocation into an "opportunity to move forward and clean up the past". The observation comes amid concerns that the ruling could negatively impact investor sentiment and overall business climate.
During his meetings with captains of corporate America, PM Modi also pitched for big-ticket investments to develop India's infrastructure and create more jobs and enhance the quality of life.
Reflecting the bullishness on India, Jeff Immelt, chief executive of US conglomerate General Electric, described the country as a great place to invest in and said that his company is looking to make more investments here.
After meeting Mr Modi, he said, "GE is a long-term investor in India. We look forward to more in the future." ( Read more )
Describing Mr Modi as a "charismatic leader", Goldman Sachs chief Lloyd Blankfein said the financial services major was eager to participate in India's growth story.
American corporates including technology major IBM have expressed interest to participate in diverse initiatives of the Indian government including those pertaining to smart cities.
Defence major Boeing's CEO, James McNerney, said that the company wants to accelerate its engagement with India.
During the meeting with the Prime Minister, technology major IBM's CEO, Virginia Rometty, evinced interest to participate in the government's new initiatives related to smart cities and digital India.
Reflecting optimism over opportunities in the country, Laurence Flik, chief executive of the world's largest asset manager Blackrock, conveyed to PM Modi that his company would host a global investor meet in India next year.
After meeting Mr Modi, India-origin PepsiCo chief Indra Nooyi said, "He answers questions brilliantly and is very focused on improving India. So, we are thrilled to be working with him."
Another India-origin CEO Ajay Banga, who is at the helm of MasterCard, said the Prime Minister was a good listener and that he believed that Mr Modi can execute plans like the way he did in Gujarat.
Among others, the Prime Minister held a meeting with private equity giant KKR's CEO, Henry Kravis.
This is the first extensive business engagement in the US of the Prime Minister, who will also attend business meets in Washington on Tuesday during the second leg of his 5-day visit.
Story first published on: September 29, 2014 23:52 (IST)

Is Self-Doubt Sabotaging Your Successreddit
Ever find yourself hesitating, holding yourself back or even dimming yourself down at work for fear that you'll be discovered as the impostor you really are? Do you lie awake at night worrying you're not really "good enough" to achieve the kind of success you dream of?
If you find yourself plagued by self-doubt, you're not alone. In fact, one study of managers by the European Institute for Leadership and Management revealed that 50 percent of female managers and 31 percent of male managers admitted to experiencing self-doubt.
"Unfortunately when we're worried that our abilities are going to be questioned, we lack the confidence to turn our thoughts into actions," explained Louisa Jewell , positive psychology and self-doubt expert when I interviewed her recently.
Listen to the full podcast here .
"Self-doubt causes us to engage in self-protective strategies at work like procrastination, hesitation and self-handicapping to avoid failure," said Louisa. "While we may start out consciously using these strategies, once we realize they're working they often become unconscious habits that limit our potential for growth and success."
While often viewed as an internal phenomena -- something created by the stories we tell inside our own heads -- Louisa points out that researchers are discovering self-doubt is socially constructed.
"Self-doubt is often generated in your mind because of the social evaluations of others," she explained. "Human beings are generally sensitive creatures, and the moment someone questions you, challenges you or looks at you in a funny way, you start to doubt your own abilities."
Louisa suggests you can move beyond self-doubt by using the following approaches:
Be aware of who you're surrounding yourself with. Your social network can either increase or reduce your self-doubt.  If you're embarking on something new, make sure you've got really supportive people around you who are uplifting you and encouraging you to move forward.
Don't make it all about you. Instead of wondering, "Oh dear, how does that make me look?" or, "What if I fail in front of this person now?", focus on what you're trying to create, who you're trying to serve and what you're trying to achieve.  Try saying instead:  "I'm just working away here and I'm going to care less about how I'm looking and more about how I'm serving."
Challenge the mental chatter in your head. Be aware of what you're saying to yourself.  If you find your thoughts are full of negativity and abuse then challenge what you're saying by asking: "Is that true?" Rather than having your thoughts irrationally hijacked by self-doubt, rationally look for evidence to take a more balanced point of view to what's really unfolding.
Use your strengths. Be aware of the things that you like doing and are good at and use these consciously to fuel your confidence to act.  When you draw on your strengths it removes your fear of moving forward and taps into your deep-rooted belief that you can be successful, that you have resources and the skills to tackle new challenges.
Practice self-compassion. Be willing to look at your own mistakes and shortcomings with kindness and understanding.  Don't judge yourself harshly or feel the need to defensively focus on all your awesome qualities to protect your ego. Instead, embrace the fact that to err is indeed human and try to get a realistic sense of your abilities and actions and then figure out what needs to be done differently next time.
If you'd like more tested, practical ways to show up, shine and succeed at work, download the free podcast series of practical strategies from leading thinkers in human flourishing here.
This article first appeared in Live Happy Magazine.
Follow Michelle McQuaid on Twitter: www.twitter.com/chellemcquaid
More:

Lessons From a Legend - Excerpts from Keith Reinhard s Any Wednesdayreddit
For many years I had the great privilege of working for one of the legends in advertising, Keith Reinhard , Chairman Emeritus of DDB Worldwide .  Keith is one of those rare, quiet visionaries who leads with humility and inspires on a daily basis with his infectious curiosity and passion for creativity.  Recently, Keith published a compilation of his brilliant Any Wednesday memos, a series of essays and insights he sent out to DDB global offices for over 2 decades.
Though Any Wednesdays were focused on DDB and the advertising industry writ large, their application is universal and they quickly developed a cult following as numerous lessons unfold on organizational change and performance, managing people and clients, and inspiring creativity.
Here are some of my favorite excerpts from Any Wednesday:
"If you want to write, you have to read."
From Paul Harper, whom Reinhard counts among the best writers he knows.
"Bright people talk about ideas.  Mediocre people talk about things.  Small people talk about other people."
From Dick Corrigan's office, veteran DDBer
"It can't just be weird man. People have to dig it.  A true artist considers the audience an important part of the creative act."
From Reinhard's conversation on creativity with Wynton Marsalis .
"People, Product, Profit...in that order."
Keith sharing one of his management philosophies.
Follow Cari E. Guittard on Twitter: www.twitter.com/@CorpDiplomat
More:

Commit: You Won t Forsake Options Down the Road!If I Commit, I lock myself into a direction.
I need to keep my options open.
Once I dive in, there is no way out.
Sound familiar?
Every time I visit my friend Edward in the English countryside, I come back relaxed, refreshed. Something about long walks and the fresh air...
This weekend I was taking a walk down the country road leading from Edward's house; it is one of those typical long winding, narrow roads with hedges and fields on either side - the kind that if you are driving and another car comes from the other direction, one of you has to find a slight easement to let the other car through.
It got me to thinking about a common discussion I have with my clients. The discussions center about committing to a path, to a direction. Leaders are always thinking through commitments of resources, direction, and product development:
At what point do you stop evaluating options before you commit?
When I commit, am I charting a course that eliminates optionality, the ability to change course and take advantage of opportunities?
When I commit to a course, is that a tradeoff for optionality?
That country road I was walking on had one way to go - straight ahead. As far as my eye could see, there were no turnoffs.
And so commitment is unavoidable if we want to reach our objectives.
And as I walked down that road, I hadn't walked more than three hundred yards when, as I got closer, I saw that there was a turnoff - a smaller dirt path.  I hadn't seen it, but it was there.   When I came to that turnoff I saw that this new path split again several hundred yards ahead.
Whether it is a business project, a product direction for a startup company, or a decision we make on a course in our lives, the reality is that commitment does not mean we are barreling down a path without options; it does not mean we have unavoidably committed ourselves down a path. Life isn't like that.  Decisions aren't like that.
We commit, but as we forge ahead, if we keep our eyes open to opportunities within our chosen path, then we will find points where adjustments can be made.
But we have to keep our eyes open.
I followed the smaller path and as I came around the bend, the path led into a huge field as far as the eye could see. I never would have known it was there when I stepped onto that road from my friend's house.
To achieve our goals, we have to make decisions, even if part of our course requires some faith. But the biggest faith leap is not as to whether there are options ahead.  The faith leap is in yourself. That you, in committing, aren't shutting down to options ahead; rather you take the step forward, with the faith that you and your team go in with eyes wide open.
Follow Hans Hickler on Twitter: www.twitter.com/ellipsisadvisor
More:

Thousands take to Hong Kongs streetsLast updated: September 29, 2014 3:31 pm
Thousands take to Hong Kong’s streets
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f97c9c2e-46ce-11e4-ba74-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Terrorism in India not homegrown but exported from outside  says PM Modi in New YorkOct 01, 2014 at  03:45pm IST
Terrorism in India not homegrown but exported from outside, says PM Modi in New York
45
2
New York: Emphasing on the menace and the treat of terrorism in the world, Prime Minister Narendra Modi in his address to US thinktank Council on Foreign Relations (CFR) in New York said that terrorism in India is not home-grown but exported from outside. He rejected any distinction between good and bad terrorism and called for a collective fight to effectively tackle the global threat.
"Terrorism has no borders, no ideology. Terrorism is something everyone in the world is troubled with. We need to take the issue of terrorism very seriously. I am sad to say that some countries have not been able to understand the evils of terrorism. There is no good terrorist or bad terrorist. It is our biggest challenge," he said.
Modi also spoke on his efforts to build regional cooperation saying that India offered help to Pakistan "on humanitarian grounds" when floods struck the nation.
#narendra modi us visit #modi meets america #narendra modi in america #council on foreign relations
"We want peace with our neighbours. I invited the heads of the SAARC nations for my swearing-in ceremony. That's the way to take the world forward," he said.
With an aim to attract maximum investment into India, PM Modi sold his vision of a new India which will be built on the three pillars of the economy - agriculture, manufacturing and service.
"We want to develop our economy on the pillars of agriculture, manufacturing and service sectors. We want to create a balance," Modi said, adding that 'Make in India' was a "step towards that goal". He said that India was aiming to make 'zero defect, zero effect' the motto of its manufacturing sector where Indian products will have no defects and will have no adverse impact on environment.
The PM also assured the American investors of an era of political stability in India along with easy and effective governance. He said a number of steps have already been taken to simplify procedures and his government has initiated labour reforms and unveiled schemes for skill development.
Ahead of his meeting with US President Barack Obama, Modi made it clear that agreement on food security and trade facilitation will have to go hand-in-hand. "Agreement on food security and trade facilitation will have to go hand-in-hand," Modi said. India had been saying that it will not compromise the interest of poor farmers and consumers at the World Trade Organisation (WTO).

Niederauer steps down from helm at NYSEMay 22, 2014 8:13 pm
Niederauer steps down from helm at NYSE
By Philip Stafford in London and Nicole Bullock in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0550907e-e1ca-11e3-b7c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

IMC takes Goldmans post on NYSE floorDutch market maker IMC takes Goldman’s post on NYSE floor
By Philip Stafford
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6d7613e6-e192-11e3-b7c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Japan trading houses eye Australia coal exitJapanese trading houses look to sell Australia coal assets
By Jamie Smyth in Sydney
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d925647e-1230-11e4-a581-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Yelp and TripAdvisor attack GoogleYelp and TripAdvisor launch joint campaign against Google
By Duncan Robinson and Alex Barker in Brussels
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3fae98a4-47ca-11e4-be7b-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

With eye on future  Wipro to cut staff by a 3rd in three years sans mass layoffsWith eye on future, Wipro staff recast gets underway
Varun Sood, ET Bureau Sep 30, 2014, 06.58AM IST
Tags:
IBM
("We are looking to become…)
BANGALORE: Wipro has started a threeyear exercise to become a leaner company, initiating its most ambitious reorganisation effort since it started selling computers in 1981 and presaging similar moves in an industry that has been a prolific job-creator.
India's third-largest software company employs 1.46 lakh employees and the aim, according to people familiar with the process, is to slim down by about a third without resorting to mass layoffs of the kind that IBM and Microsoft have effected this year.
"We are looking to become around 100,000-strong.This is the plan or ambition, but it depends on how effectively we can deploy automation," said one of the sources.
"The pyramid structure will give way to an hour-glass kind of structure," he said, indicating that Wipro wants a trim middle.
Wipro an early mover
The executives ET spoke to agreed to discuss the issue of Wipro's restructuring only on condition of anonymity and with the understanding that the company has no intention of firing employees to achieve its goal.A spokesman declined comment. For about a decade-and-a-half, the information technology services industry has been a driving force for creating jobs in the formal economy. Companies such as Tata Consultancy Services, Infosys, Wipro and HCL Technologies have helped create a new middle class and establish India's reputation as one of the world's knowledge hubs.
Now, the pace of hiring by software services companies is slowing, but new opportunities are also opening up in the form of jobs at startups.While Wipro is one of the early movers in trying to cope with the structural changes in the technology business, experts said the software services industry — it employs about 3 million in India — is heading in the same direction."
The model of mass hiring from campuses is dying," said Swami Manohar, a former computer science professor at the Indian Institute of Science in Bangalore and founder of Limberlink Technologies, an engineering education startup. "We are already seeing many engineering colleges shutting down, and unless there is a change within these colleges, companies will stop going to campuses altogether."
The quality of engineering education is a concern for companies, but the big change is that they are able to do more with less, especially in areas such as software testing and maintenance of computer infrastructure. At Wipro, automated tools are expected to make their presence felt significantly in two departments — monitoring of computer infrastructure and administration, which together employ 48,000. The monitoring department makes up about one-fifth of Wipro's workforce now, and it is seen making up around 5% of the company's headcount in three years.
  Those engaged in administrative tasks will number 7,000 at the end of three years from 20,000 at present.
Wipro has an attrition rate of 16-17%, translating into about 23,000 employees leaving the company each year. So, the company will be in a position to become lean without having to issue pink slips, one executive said, observing that much of the attrition is not in important areas of operations."So do we need to replace these people as we are looking to automate a lot of processes," he asked.
Wipro's desire to become "a less bloated and a more nimble" organisation without firing employees underscores the challenges facing the country's $108-billion ( Rs 6-lakh crore) technology industry and mirrors the hiring trend at the large outsourcers. Between April 2013 and March 2014, the IT industry added only 13,000 employees for every billion dollars of revenue, as against 26,500 employees in the previous year, according to software industry grouping Nasscom.
Wipro added 241 engineers in the 12 months to March 2014. While the company attempts to become "less bloated and bureaucratic", the speed with which technology is changing the landscape means the focus will be on hiring people with skills in areas such as open source software, cloud computing and data analytics. Wipro has already started using machine learning and automation to improve productivity at its internal help desk. Earlier this year, the company started a programme that offers engineers and business management graduates equal opportunity in climbing up the ranks.
"The focus is to get back to technology," an executive said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

 India a Great Place to Invest: GE s Jeffrey ImmeltSebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
New York: General Electric chief executive Jeffrey Immelt described India as a great place to invest and that the US conglomerate is looking to make more investments in the country after he met with Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday.
Describing his one-on-one meeting with the Prime Minister as "excellent", Mr Immelt said, "GE is a long-term investor in India. We look forward to more in the future."
The GE chief also had high praise for Mr Modi whom he described as a Prime Minister with "good head set for business" and expressed hope that he would continue to "drive the reform process".
The Prime Minister pitched the India story in his interaction with Mr Immelt and discussed steps that can be taken to enhance country's business environment.
Impressed with the meeting, Mr Immelt said, "India is a great country and place to invest."
Earlier on Monday, the Prime Minister also had one-on-one meetings with CEOs of Boeing, KKR, BlackRock, IBM and Goldman Sachs and is believed to have pitched for big-ticket investments in India to develop infrastructure and create more jobs.
GE has a significant presence in India across many sectors and employs thousands of people.
Story first published on: September 29, 2014 23:52 (IST)

Modi cautions US against hasty troop withdrawal from AfghanistanOct 01, 2014 at  03:45pm IST
Modi cautions US against hasty troop withdrawal from Afghanistan
13
1
New York: Hours ahead of his dinner with President Barack Obama, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday cautioned the US against hasty withdrawal of its troops from Afghanistan, citing the mistakes it has committed while pulling out from Iraq. Modi told the Council on Foreign Relations that India and the US together had played a big role in Afghanistan in recent years.
India, he said, had told the US that the process of withdrawal of its troops from Afghanistan should be slow to stop the rise of Taliban. "We want Afghanistan which recently held the Presidential elections and formed a new government to grow democratically," he said.
"The process of withdrawal of troops from Afghanistan should be very slow. Afghanistan should be allowed to stand on its feet and then only can it stop the rise of the Taliban," Modi said.
He said that India had told the US that the process of withdrawal of its troops from Afghanistan should be slow to stop the rise of Taliban.
#modi meets america #narendra modi #us #afghanistan
Rejecting any distinction between good and bad terrorism, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today called for a collective fight to effectively tackle the global menace. "There is no good terrorism or bad terrorism. Terrorism has no boundary or country," Modi said.
"There is a need to take the challenge of terrorism seriously. It's sad that many countries could not earlier understand the ugly face of terrorism which is enemy of humanity," he said.

Jordan firm to buy 25% stake in Strides biotech arm for $21.9 millionE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Insurers face home truths over pensionsInsurers face home truths in a changing market
By Patrick Jenkins
Market shifts to products such as equity release mortgages
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fcfc4e1e-47d0-11e4-ac9f-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Pressure rises on IndonesiaSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Foreign investors need to step up in Latin AmericaForeign investors need to step up in Latin America
By Amy Stillman
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a524b2d6-2f65-11e4-83e4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

PNC buys advisory boutique SoleburyPNC buys advisory boutique Solebury
By Harriet Agnew and Arash Massoudi in London and Tom Braithwaite in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/aa8a18ba-4801-11e4-ac9f-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Feldstein joins PNC FinancialAugust 15, 2013 11:57 pm
Feldstein joins PNC Financial Sevices
By Tracy Alloway in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9b24651e-05fa-11e3-8ed5-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

One-time whizz-kid pauses for breath© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4b5e3cbc-aaa1-11e2-9a38-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US should not repeat Iraq-like mistake in Afghanistan: ModiPrime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday said India would like the US withdrawal from Afghanistan to proceed “very slow” so as to not repeat an Iraq-like mistake.
  
Play Pause
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and external affairs minister Sushma Swaraj with people from Indian community during a dinner hosted by the Indian Ambassador to the US, in New York. (PTI ...
Prime Minister Narendra Modi interacts with US lawmakers before his address during a reception organised in his honour by the Indian American Community Foundation at Madison Square Garden in New ...
Prime Minister Narendra Modi greeted with a garland by Member of House of Representatives Tulsi Gabbard during a meeting in New York. (PTI Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi during a breakfast meeting with CEOs in New York, US. (PTI Photo)
Narendra Modi with PepsiCo's Indian American chairman and CEO Indra Nooyi, , Indra Nooyi  after a breakfast meeting in New York, US. (PTI Photo)
PM Narendra Modi with Ginni Rometty, Chairman and CEO of IBM, during their meeting in New York. (Reuters)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi addressing at the Council on Foreign Relations in New York. (PTI Photo)
Former US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton embraces external affairs minister Sushma Swaraj as former US president Bill Clinton shakes hands with Prime Minister Narendra Modi in New York. (Reuters)
“A mistake like Iraq should not be committed,” the prime minister said at a think tank, citing the consequences of rapid withdrawal of US forces from that country.
Afghanistan, he said, should at the end of the withdrawal process be in a position to sustain itself and prevent the Taliban from returning. “The process of withdrawal must be very slow.”
Read: Narendra Modi woos top US executives with promise of being ‘open-minded’
To a question about the need for outside arbitration to resolve Indian’s border dispute with China, the prime minister said the two countries were capable of dealing with it on their own. And that there is hope the dispute will be resolved soon.
Earlier in the day, some of the world’s most powerful business leaders streamed in and out of a Manhattan hotel to hear Modi re-sell them an investment destination given up for dead lately.

JetLite pilots line up at Vistara  IndiGoE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Local mobile wallets find many a taker in global namesLocal mobile wallets MobiKwik, Paytm find many a taker in global names like Skype, Linkedin
Sayan Chakraborty | Bangalore | Updated:  Sep 30 2014, 09:26  IST
Sep 30 2014, 09:26  IST
 

Literary dissection of a friendshipUpdated: September 30, 2014 02:15 IST
Literary dissection of a friendship
K. Santhosh
CHERISHING FRIENDSHIP: Critic Balachandran Vadakkedathu says ‘Janmashradham’ is his best work yet.
Critic Balachandran Vadakkedathu comes out with a book on writer T.V. Kochubava on his death anniversary.
Most writers have an inherent distrust towards critics. Oscar Wilde did not hide his mistrust when he said: “The critic has to educate the public; the artist has to educate the critic.” Rarely does a critic strike up a lasting relationship with a writer. T.V. Kochubava and literary critic Balachandran Vadakkedathu had one such.
Fourteen years after Kochubava’s death, Mr. Vadakkedathu has written Janmasradham, a book on his friend.
Kochubava had authored 23 books, including novels, collections of short stories and translations. He received the Kerala Sahitya Akademi Award in 1996 for his novel Vridhasadanam, the most popular one among his works. He was considered an important post-modern voice. He died on November 25, 1999, at the age of 44.
“Memories crowd in on me as I think of Kochubava. He was one of my closest friends. I was a part of his literary life. Often, I was the one who read the first draft of his stories. Or I would listen to him as he read them aloud. Then, there would be long discussions. He was one of the most receptive writers and human beings I have ever come across,” says Mr. Vadakkedathu.
Kochubava looked at human relationships through new eyes. As Marcel Proust stated, the real voyage of discovery exists not in seeking new landscapes but in having new eyes.
“In most of his stories, women seek out men. Most of the love tales he told were about socially illegitimate relationships. In understanding and accepting relationships, he was far ahead of his time. He was kind of delivering a message to hide-bound Malayalis that the world had gone much ahead in redefining human relationships and individual freedom.” There is a sense of foreboding in Kochubava’s works such as Soochikuzhayilu Oru Yacob, Ningalkkoru Karutha Ila, Virunnu Mesayilekku Nilavilikalode, Perunkaliyattom and Vridhasadanam.
Kochubava’s greatest quality was that he picked up only themes that he was familiar with. Once critic M. Krishnan Nair wrote that Ithoru Nissara Prasnamanu, a short story by Kochubava, was a copy of one by a writer in a foreign language. “Kochubava had not even heard the name of that writer,” Mr. Vadakkedathu avers.

A sombre moment for PanneerselvamUpdated: October 3, 2014 09:37 IST
A sombre moment for Panneerselvam
T. Ramakrishnan
PTI O Panneerselvam puts a picture party chief Jayalalithaa in his pocket while taking oath as Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu at Raj Bhavan in Chennai on Monday.
TOPICS
political development
He is apparently yet to come to terms with the ouster of Jayalalithaa
It was a sombre moment for O. Panneerselvam, 63, when he came to Fort St. George, the seat of power of the State government, for the first time after taking oath as Chief Minister on Monday afternoon.
Like his colleagues in the AIADMK, he was apparently yet to come out of the shock caused by the conviction of party general secretary Jayalalithaa in the disproportionate assets case in the Bangalore Special Court. “He is very much depressed,” says an official who briefly met the Chief Minister at the Secretariat.
Mr. Panneerselvam, who was till now number 2 in the Jayalalithaa Ministry, reached the Secretariat about 3.15 p.m. He did not go to the chamber earmarked for the Chief Minister. Instead, he went to the chamber from where he functioned as Finance and Public Works Minister. It had no nameplate. Police officers at the Secretariat said the CM’s chamber was kept ready with a new table and chair as the ones used by Ms. Jayalalithaa were removed to the ante-room.
His Cabinet colleagues, all grim-faced, spent some time with him. Chief Secretary Mohan Verghese Chunkath, Adviser Sheela Balakrishnan, Principal Secretary (Home) Apurva Varma and Principal Secretary (Public) Jatindranath Swain were closeted with him. Officers attached to the Chief Minister’s Office, including M. Sheela Priya, K. N. Venkataramanan, A. Ramalingam and R. Sudalaikannan, visited him.
Subsequently, Principal Secretary (Finance) K. Shanmugam met him separately. The next came Director-General of Police K. Ramanujam, along with Additional DGP (Law and Order) T.K. Rajendran. Almost at the end, it was the turn of Tamil Development and Information Secretary M. Rajaram and Principal Secretary (Public Works) M. Saikumar.
Asked whether Mr. Panneerselvam was required to sign any file at the Secretariat, another official replied in the negative. It was enough for him to put his signature on the documents at the Raj Bhavan immediately after he was sworn in, he said. Some persons other than journalists also gathered on the corridor outside his chamber. After half-an-hour, the police asked them to leave. When Mr. Panneerselvam emerged from the chamber, it was about 4.40 p.m.

Xi Launches Cultural Counter-Revolution to Restore Confucianism as China s Ideologyreddit
Mao, who sought ferociously to rid Chinese society of its traditional Confucian roots during the Cultural Revolution, is surely turning in his glass sarcophagus in Tiananmen Square.
In a remarkable address last week to the International Confucian Association that met in Beijing to commemorate the 2,565th anniversary of Confucius' birth, Chinese President Xi Jinping extolled at length the ancient virtues of Confucius as the guiding light of modern China.
"The ideology and culture of today's China," Xi told the assembled scholars, "is a continuation and sublimation of traditional Chinese ideology and culture. To understand present-day China, to know the present-day Chinese, one must delve into the cultural bloodline of China, and accurately appreciate the cultural soil that nourishes the Chinese people."
"Confucianism," Xi continued, is key to "understanding the national characteristics of the Chinese as well as the historical roots of the spiritual world of the present-day Chinese. Confucianism has morphed with the times, and evolved in accordance with corresponding conditions, constantly refreshing itself while responding to demands of the times. This is why it has had such lasting vitality."
President Xi then went on to recite the key principles and ethics of Confucianism and explain how they should be applied not only to Chinese society, but also to relations among nations and cultures. In Xi's revival, traditional Confucian values are enlisted to promote cultivation of individual character, to fight corruption with the revived moral rectitude of officials and to co-exist peacefully through respect for civilizational differences while being open to learning from others.
Toward the end of his speech, Xi did mention Marxism, but only in the context of another influence from abroad that traditional culture has absorbed and synthesized according to China’s concrete realities.
Clearly, The Analects of Confucius is for Xi's Chinese Renaissance what The Little Red Book was for Mao's Cultural Revolution.
Below are selected excerpts from Xi's speech, translated into English for The WorldPost by China -US Focus. The whole speech can be found here .
PEACE IN THE MINDS OF MEN
I visited [the] headquarters of the UNESCO in March. The words engraved in multiple languages on a stone tablet in front of the main building impressed me deeply: "Since wars begin in the minds of men, it is in the minds of men that the defenses of peace must be constructed." It makes a very good point. I believe it is crucially important for realizing peace to firmly establish the love for peace in people's minds.
The Chinese nation has always been peace-loving. Our love for peace is also deeply rooted in Confucianism.
Since ancient times, Chinese people have held in esteem these Confucian ideas preaching peace:
"Coordinate and seek harmony with all nations"
"Associating with the benevolent and befriending neighbors is a precious virtue of the state"
"Within the four seas, all men are brothers"
"A far-off relative is not as helpful as a near neighbor"
"Neighbors wish each other well, just as loved ones do to each other"
"A warlike state dies inevitably, no matter how big it is"
The love for peace has been embedded firmly in the spiritual world of the Chinese nation, and remains China's basic idea in handling international relations.
In short: Don't do unto others what you don't want others [to] do unto you.
CHINA WITH CONFUCIAN CHARACTERISTICS
The formulation and development of China's traditional culture, that of its core component --  intellectual achievements, in particular -- has roughly gone through the historical periods of pre-Qin contention of different schools of thought; the rise of Confucian classics studies in west and east Han dynasties; prevalence of metaphysics in Wei, Jin, south and north dynasties; the co-existence of Confucianism, Buddhism and Taoism in Sui and Tang dynasties; and Neo-Confucianism in Song and Ming dynasties.
From this historical process lasting more than 2,000 years, we can see several characteristics.
First, Confucianism and other schools of thought in Chinese history have competed with and complemented each other, constituting unity of opposites. Despite its long dominant status, Confucianism has been in a state of harmonious co-existence with other theories.
Second, like other schools of thought that have existed in Chinese history, Confucianism has morphed with the times, and evolved in accordance with corresponding conditions, constantly refreshing itself while responding to demands of times. This is why it has had such lasting vitality.
Third, Confucianism and other schools of thought in Chinese history all adhered to the principle that theories must serve the management of state affairs and benefit real life. Confucianism has emphasized giving play to culture's educational and enlightening functions in cultivating worthy personalities, and combined the cultivation of individuals' and society's moral qualities with management of state affairs.
CONFUCIAN ETHICS FOR TODAY'S CHINA
In the present-day world, human civilization has made amazing progress both materially and spiritually. Material abundance, in particular, is beyond the wildest imaginations of ancient times.
Meanwhile, contemporary human beings face such outstanding problems as widening wealth gaps, endless greed for materialistic satisfaction and luxury, unrestrained extreme individualism, ever-degrading ethics, and increasing tension between man and nature.
Resolution of such conundrums not only entails utilization of the current wisdom and strength of mankind, but also calls for that of the wisdom and strength human beings have accumulated over time.
Some people of insight believe that the traditional culture of China, Confucianism included, contains important inspirations for solving the troubles facing us today. Such ideas include:
Following the intrinsic nature of matters and integrating nature and man;
- The whole world as one community based on equality.
- Persistent self-improvement and cultivation.
- Profound moral characters worthy of rich material reward.
- Serving the people interests as the state's fundamental aim.
- Governing with moral principles and uprightness.
- Perpetual reform, eliminating obsolete practices and setting up fresh mechanisms, and advancing with the time.
- Adopting a down-to-earth attitude and seeking truth from facts, of making knowledge and theories meet society's practical needs, combining theory and practice and practicing what one preaches.
- Drawing on collective wisdom and absorb all useful ideas.
- Governing with clean hands and engaging in public affairs diligently.
- Being frugal and faithful to moral principles and adopting strict self-discipline against extravagance.
- Restraint and appropriateness, seeking common ground while reserving differences, harmony but not sameness, and harmonious co-existence.
- Keeping in mind dangers and disasters in times of safety, destruction in times of survival, unrest in times of stability, and being prepared for danger in times of peace.
RESPECTING EACH OTHER'S CULTURE AND CIVILIZATION
Human civilizations have existed thousands of years. Each country, each nation has arrived at the present by taking over from the past and blazing new trails for the future. The world has become what it is today amid the exchanges and mingling between different civilizations. Promoting such exchanges and mingling as well as mutual learning and reference is an indispensable path toward a better world and better lives for people of all countries.
Properly treating civilizations of different countries and nations as well as traditional and contemporary cultures is a significant subject for us to explore. I think we should mainly stick to the following principles:
First, preserve diversity of the world's civilizations. "It is an objective truth that all things are different from one another." Diversity is a natural character of the universe. The world is always diverse in thousands of ways, and presenting dazzling colors and hues. The development of things and progress of the world will come to a stop once all things become homogeneous.
The civilization of each country and nation is rooted in its soil, with its own characteristics and virtues. We should preserve the diversity of civilizations of all countries and nations, enhance mutual communication, learning and reference, instead of mutual  estrangement, exclusion, and even displacement.
Differences between the civilization of one's own country and that of others should be handled rationally, with the awareness that every civilization is unique.
We must seek common ground while reserving differences, learn from others to make up for one's deficiencies, and refrain from attacking or disparaging other civilizations. Don't feel displeased or try to transform, assimilate or even replace other civilizations when they are different from your own. History has repeatedly proven that any attempt to resolve differences among civilizations by compulsory means is doomed to fail and wreck havoc on civilizations.
"History has repeatedly proven that any attempt to resolve differences among civilizations by compulsory means is doomed to fail and wreak havoc on civilizations."
Second, respect civilizations of all countries and nations. Civilization, ideology and culture in particular, is the soul of a nation. If a country or nation does not cherish its own ideology and culture, if it loses its soul, no matter which country or which nation, it will not be able to stand on its own. A country or nation must recognize and respect others' ideology and culture while valuing and preserving its own.
Different modes of thought of different countries and nations are peculiar in their own ways, and there is no ideology or culture that is superior to others. Irrespective of its size and strength, each country's ideology and culture deserve to be recognized and respected.
All countries and nations should modestly learn and draw on the strength and quintessence of other civilizations. This is an important condition to upgrading its own cultural self-esteem, self-confidence and independence.
Third, correctly conduct mutual learning and reference between civilizations. Civilizations become colorful thanks to exchanges, and rich because of mutual learning and reference. Any civilization, no matter which country or nation it originated from, is fluid and open.
This is an important rule for the spread and development of civilizations. Throughout its protracted evolution, Chinese civilization has assimilated rich nutrition through exchanges with others, and in return made great contributions to the progress of human civilizations.
The opening of the ancient Silk Road, the foreign envoys sent to China in the Sui and Tang dynasties, Fa Xian and Xuan Zang's westward pilgrimages for Buddhist scriptures, and Zheng He's seven sea-faring trips were all vivid examples of exchanges between Chinese and foreign civilizations.
Confucianism originated from China. But it has long spread to the rest of the world, becoming a part of human civilizations. "He who studies alone in the absence of peers ends up being poorly informed."
We should be ready to learn and borrow from all civilizations humanity has created, be they ancient Chinese, Greek, Roman, Egyptian, Mesopotamian or Indian civilizations, or today's Asian, African, European, American, or Oceania civilizations, and actively absorb their beneficial elements.
We should make the fine cultural genes of all human civilizations adapt to and coordinate with contemporary cultures and present-day contexts, and advance and enrich the fine cultural spirit that transcends time and space and reaches across national boundaries.
Mutual learning and reference between civilizations should proceed from the reality of one's own country or nation, and be open and inclusive. However, such openness and inclusiveness doesn't mean to lap up information without digesting it, or to confuse right with wrong, but to discard the dross and retain the fine essence, to sift the true from the false.
Fourth, treat cultural traditions scientifically. We can only open up the future when we keep history in mind. We can only innovate when we are good at inheriting. Traditional culture is the fountainhead of a country or nation's inheritance and development. Losing it will cut off the country or nation's spiritual lifeline.
WHERE DOES THE MARXISM FIT IN?
The ideals and struggles as well as the values and spiritual world of the Chinese people have always been deeply rooted in the fertile soil of  Chinese traditional culture, and have constantly advanced and been renewed in step with the times.
Members of the Communist Party of China are Marxists, who uphold the scientific theories of Marxism, and adhere to and develop socialism with Chinese characteristics. But Chinese communists are neither historical nihilists, nor cultural nihilists. We always believe that the basic principles of Marxism must be closely married to the concrete reality of China, and that we should approach traditional native culture and cultures of all countries in a scientific manner and arm ourselves with all outstanding cultural achievements humanity has created.
More:

Will continue to meet Hurriyat: Sartaj AzizComments
A day after he conceded that the timing of Pakistan high commissioner Abdul Basit’s meeting with Hurriyat leaders was “perhaps not totally right,” Pakistan national security and foreign affairs advisor Sartaj Aziz on Monday said they would continue to meet the separatists.
Advertisement
Aziz also reiterated that it was up to India to resume the dialogue because “it was India who called off the talks.”
Referring to Hurriyat leaders as ‘important stakeholders,’ Aziz, who advises Pakistan prime minister Nawaz Sharif, told HT on the phone from Islamabad that Pakistan would continue to hold meetings with the separatist outfit. “We will always meet them each time we are holding talks on the issue of Kashmir. Any solution to Kashmir has to be acceptable to the people of Kashmir,” he said.
Asked why he thought the meeting between Basit and the Hurriyat was ill-timed, Aziz said the Indian media had reported his statement partially. “I used the word probably because the two foreign secretaries were meeting to see how to take the dialogue forward. They were not slated to have any substantive talks on the issue of Kashmir.”
Asked if there was pressure from the US on resuming the talks with India, Aziz said, “Many in New York said they would like to see the dialogue being resumed but our position is clear – we did not call off the talks, India did.”
The meeting between India and Pakistan’s foreign secretaries, to be held on August 25, was called off after Basit held talks with separatist leader Shabir Shah.

Ford says C-Max recall will cost $500 millionFord says C-Max recall will cost $500 million
By Melvin Backman   @CNNMoney September 29, 2014: 6:21 PM ET
Friday's recall is going to cost Ford a pretty penny.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Ford Motor Company put a price tag on its latest recall : $500 million.
The automaker broke the news Monday during a conference call with investors. It also said the amount will lower the company's profit expectations for the year.
Ford ( F ) announced Friday that it's recalling 850,000 C-Max, Fusion, Escape and Lincoln MKZ models from 2013 and 2014 because a flaw in the air bag electronics might prevent them from deploying in a crash.
It said it hadn't heard about any accidents or injuries related to the problem.
 
Automakers set recall record in 2014
Ford's recall comes as carmakers remain on heightened alert for defects in their vehicles. GM's ( GM ) massive recall for a faulty ignition switch set this year's record-setting recall pace.
Related: 21 deaths now tied to GM defect
Recalls aren't the only place where the company is struggling.
"Our outlook for 2014 has deteriorated as a result of higher warranty costs and deterioration in the business environments in South America and Russia," the company said in a presentation for investors.
It said it expects to lose $1 billion this year in South America and $1.2 billion largely due to issues in Russia. Ford also projected a $250 million loss in Europe next year.
The company said it now expected to make around $6 billion for the year, down from the $7 billion to $8 billion range it gave earlier this year.
Ford shares closed nearly 7.5% lower on the news.
First Published: September 29, 2014: 4:50 PM ET
Most Popular

Short View on Hong KongHK investors – keep umbrellas to hand
Markets are not preparing for crackdown that protesters fear
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c900a74a-47e4-11e4-ac9f-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Guest blog: Ukraine reformsSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Oktoberfest: folk fun with financial nous© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3bb2b534-4246-11e4-9818-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Munichs beer festival has become a huge business opportunity  from retail to hospitality© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3bb2b534-4246-11e4-9818-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Why arent there more libertarian land use scholarsBy Ilya Somin September 29
In this interesting recent post at Concurring Opinions, liberal land use scholar Kenneth Stahl asks why there aren’t more libertarians in his field:
Many professors who study land use and local government law, myself included, consider ourselves leftists rather than libertarians. That is, we have some confidence in the ability of government to solve social problems. Nevertheless, were you to pick up a randomly selected piece of left-leaning land use or local government scholarship (including my own) you would likely witness a searing indictment of the way local governments operate. You would read that the land use decisionmaking process is usually a conflict between deep-pocketed developers who use campaign contributions to elect pro-growth politicians and affluent homeowners who use their ample resources to resist change that might negatively affect their property values….
The organization of local governments, on the surface a merely technical matter, has fallen victim to a similar pattern of what public choice scholars call “rent-seeking….”
It hardly paints a pretty picture of local government. Yet, most leftists’ prescription is more government….
So why would left-leaning scholars, who have seen so clearly the failures of local government, place so much faith in a largely untested restructuring of governmental institutions, rather than looking to less government as the solution? Libertarians often point out that Houston, the lone American metropolis without single-use zoning, has far lower housing prices than comparable cities elsewhere, and has become a magnet for young families and immigrants . What is holding leftists back from embracing Houston’s (sort of) free-market solution?
It’s a good question! In attempting to answer it, I would start by pointing out that there are in fact a good many libertarian land use scholars. I am one of them myself. For years, I have argued that cities should adopt the Houston approach to zoning (or go even further in a free market direction), strengthen protection for property rights, and severely limit the use of eminent domain . I even wrote an entire article devoted to explaining why state and local governments are likely to be particularly dysfunctional when it comes to regulating property rights in land and other immobile assets.
Obviously, the vast majority of land use scholars are far more left-wing than I am, and far less willing to impose tight constraints on government power. But that’s largely because academia in general is dominated by the political left , as is legal academia in particular . Relative to the general distribution of opinion among legal scholars, land use and property law specialists are probably more libertarian than the average. Admittedly, I don’t have systematic survey data to prove it. But that is my strong impression based on over a decade of experience in the field. Certainly, the percentage of libertarian scholars in the land use/property law fields is much higher than in my other field, constitutional law. Some of the most famous libertarian legal scholars of the last several decades have been property law specialists, most notably Richard Epstein and the late Bernard Siegan.
Even left-wing property and land use scholars are often more skeptical of government than liberal legal scholars in other fields. For example, many of them advocate tighter constraints on zoning authority that leads to “exclusionary” zoning that fences out the poor. As compared to several decades ago, few scholars still support the Progressive/New Deal era vision of systematic “comprehensive” land use planning. The backlash against the Supreme Court’s decision in Kelo v. City of New London has even led many on the left to look favorably on reinvigorating public use constraints on takings, though this trend is much stronger outside of academia than within it.
That said, I agree with Stahl’s suggestion that most left of center land use scholars are much more supportive of government intervention than its track record can justify. Most still reject the imposition of tight constraints on zoning and the aggressive use of eminent domain, despite extensive evidence that zoning and “blight” and economic development takings inflict great harm on the poor and racial minorities .
There are a variety of reasons for that trend. But one important one is that what Stahl calls “confidence in the ability of government to solve social problems” is almost a defining feature of modern left-liberalism. To give up on that idea is almost to reject more left-wing ideology generally. Like adherents of other ideologies (including libertarians), left-wing land use scholars are very reluctant to give up on their core commitments. As a result, even when they see an extensive pattern of government failure, they instinctively prefer to look for ways to address the issue without giving up on government intervention more generally. We often make marginal adjustments in our views on specific policy issues. But it is psychologically difficult to reject long-held basic precepts of your world-view.
One can potentially be a libertarian on land-use issues without rejecting activist government across the board. For example, you could favor free market land-use policies, while also favoring extensive redistribution of income to the poor through the tax system. But if land use is a major focus of your professional life, it might be emotionally awkward to have an ideological orientation in your primary field that is very different from that which you bring to most other issues.
Obviously, you don’t have to be a full-blown libertarian (even on land-use issues) to denounce many specific types of dysfunctional zoning and eminent domain policies, or even to call for some tighter restrictions on government power in these fields. A number of left of center scholars have done exactly that. But beyond a certain point, embracing a free market approach to land use issues is likely to conflict with a more general commitment to left-wing ideology.
Ilya Somin is Professor of Law at George Mason University. His research focuses on constitutional law, property law, and popular political participation. He is the author of "The Grasping Hand: Kelo v. City of New London and the Limits of Eminent Domain" (forthcoming) and "Democracy and Political Ignorance: Why Smaller Government is Smarter."

Photos of the week: 22 images that made headlinesCrime
Pictures of the Week
A young boy in New Delhi is killed by a white tiger; India creates history with its Mars Orbiter Mission - Mangalyaan; protests in Chennai over the conviction of Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa; India Prime Minister Narendra Modi addresses the United Nations General Assembly; floods in the northeast - this and other defining events from the past week captured in images.
In this handout photograph received from the Delhi Police at the scene of the incident, an Indian schoolboy is confronted by a white tiger inside its enclosure at the Delhi Zoo in New Delhi on ... more 
In this handout photograph received from the Delhi Police at the scene of the incident, an Indian schoolboy is confronted by a white tiger inside its enclosure at the Delhi Zoo in New Delhi on September 23, 2014. A white tiger on September 23 attacked and killed a schoolboy who appeared to have jumped or fallen into its enclosure at the zoo in the Indian capital, witnesses said. AFP PHOTO/DELHI POLICE less 
1 / 22
Yahoo India | Photo by AFP
Mon 29 Sep, 2014 8:30 AM IST

EU digital chief warns MEPs over GoogleEU digital chief warns MEPs over Google settlement
By Duncan Robinson in Brussels
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/834e0ff2-4817-11e4-b5ad-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

JetLite pilots line up at Vistara IndiGoPrint
Mumbai | Posted: September 30, 2014 3:21 am
Loss-making Jet Airways is staring at further trouble. At least 70 of the 189 pilots with its low-cost subsidiary JetLite (which operates under JetKonnect brand) have decided to quit and accept offers from market leader IndiGo and new player Tata-SIA’s Vistara, sources told FE. With 12 pilots normally dedicated per aircraft, the move could leave up to six of Jet’s Boeing 737, or ATR, aircraft grounded.
The development comes after multiple meetings between the Jet Airways management and JetLite pilots — the last two of which happened on Monday (in Mumbai) and Saturday (in Delhi) — failed to yield positive results. JetLite pilots are unhappy with the “unfair” terms offered by the Jet management under the merger of the JetKonnect brand with the parent that is expected to be completed by December this year. Out of 189 pilots at JetLite — erstwhile Air Sahara, 98 are captains and the rest first officers.
A Jet Airways spokesperson said, “We currently have excess pilot numbers in JetLite and we are opening options to the pilots of working with Jet Airways and in exploring further career opportunities.”
JetLite pilots have asked the regulator Directorate General of Civil Aviation to allow them a month’s notice period, against the mandatory six under the Civil Aviation Requirements, so that they make a shift to a rival airline at the earliest.
“Both IndiGo and Vistara are rapidly expanding and have said they are interested. The JetLite pilots need a shorter notice period, because if Jet decides to close down JetLite within the next few months, they will be left jobless. Jet also owes significant arrears to these pilots, about R15 lakh each to the pilots and R7-8 lakh for the first officers,” a source close to the development said.
At the Saturday meeting, the Jet management gave the JetLite pilots four options in all, on which they have sought a final decision by October 5.
The first is to stay in JetLite post the brand merger, but with no guarantee if JetLite’s ‘S2’ airline code will close down. Other two offers are either to shift to Jet Airways on a 18-month contract and with four months of base protection, or to shift to Jet Airways completely but with no seniority or base protection — this means senior-most JetLite commanders would be put at a lower position of a first officer in Jet and can be shifted to anywhere in the country.
The last option, as earlier reported by FE, is a shift to Jet’s Abu Dhabi-based 24% equity partner Etihad on an 18-month contract. However, Etihad has immediate requirement only for 20 Boeing 777 pilots.
“Only the Etihad offer is acceptable, that too for a small number and the younger pilots. Not for those with families and already settled in Delhi or Mumbai. We are deeply unhappy and are writing to the Jet CEO, DGCA, as well as the Prime Minister’s Office on our plight,” a JetLite pilot said
Another added, “The offers by the management isn’t much better than the original offer. They have only continued…

Amazon s  All Hands  meet held in honour of visiting CEO Jeff BezosAmazon s  All Hands  meet held in honour of visiting CEO Jeff Bezos
The U.S. dollar is on top of the worldThe U.S. dollar is on top of the world
By Jesse Solomon   @JesseSolomonCNN September 29, 2014: 1:53 PM ET
The dollar is feeling pretty mighty these days.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Investors are pledging allegiance to the dollar.
The U.S. Dollar Index, which measures the value of the greenback against a basket of foreign currencies, has climbed to its highest level in over four years.
"The momentum of the dollar's advance is unprecedented," said analysts at Société Générale in a note Monday morning.
The dollar has long been the world's top business currency and viewed as a "safe bet" among investors. But the recent run up is partly because traders believe the American economy is improving, especially relative to other parts of the world. This will compel the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates, which is generally seen as a good thing for a country's currency.
At the same time, things aren't looking too good in Europe, so the European Central Bank is starting to do some stimulating of its own. Those measures have resulted in a weaker Euro. The Japanese Yen has also struggled because of the country's ongoing economic problems.
Related: Ruble's headlong plunge shows Russia hurting
The dollar trend is likely to continue, economists from Capital Economics claim. They expect the dollar "to appreciate further as the monetary policy of the Fed diverges from that of central banks elsewhere."
They predict that one euro will be worth $1.15 by the end of 2016, compared with around $1.27 now. The dollar has already gained more than 8% against the Euro in the past six months.
So what does a stronger dollar mean for the average American? That depends. Here's what to watch for:
Feeling buff: Americans can take comfort in the fact that a strong dollar is a sign of confidence in the U.S. economy. It means foreign investors are figuring that the country is a good place to park some money for the foreseeable future.
Related: Mohamed El-Erian says take some money out of stocks
A vigorous currency also makes it cheaper for companies to import goods from abroad. In other words, consumers stand to benefit from lower prices. That phenomenon could also help keep inflation in check and allow the Fed to hold interest rates down as long as necessary to keep stimulating the economy.
And if you're planning a vacation abroad, be sure to do a little shopping, since a favorable exchange rate should give you a little more bang for your buck. If you're eying those Italian leather shoes, now is a good time to buy them.
The downside: While a robust dollar cheapens imports, it makes American exports and products look more expensive to the rest of the world. That can hurt domestic manufacturing as U.S. firms end up competing for consumers with international rivals who are offering discounted products.
Furthermore, American-based multinationals that sell a large amount of their goods overseas get shafted when they have to exchange revenues earned abroad back into dollars.
 
Airlines in currency war with Venezuela
The takeaway: While the pros and cons of a stronger dollar are very real, it's probably too early to tell the extent to which it will affect consumers and businesses. Investor sentiment can shift quickly, and any data or central bank actions that change the way investors view the global economy can reverberate quickly across the often opaque foreign exchange market.
So unless you trade currencies for a major investment firm or in your online brokerage account, you probably won't notice a huge difference just yet, except when you buy cheaper souvenirs abroad.
First Published: September 29, 2014: 1:53 PM ET
Most Popular

Can Ello be the anti-FacebookBy Sara Ashley O'Brien   @saraashleyo September 29, 2014: 5:12 PM ET
Fear of missing out is attracting users to invite-only social network Ello.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
In the past week, social network Ello gained much more traction than even its seven founders anticipated.
Ello co-founder Paul Budnitz said requests and approvals for access to the invite-only service were totaling 40,000 per hour . The LGBT community is embracing the site after being kicked off Facebook due to its "real" name policy. That, along with the promise of no advertising, are the reasons why some are calling it the "anti-Facebook."
But maintaining relevancy in a crowded social networking market won't be easy. A cyberattack that prevented users from accessing the site over the weekend is the least of Ello's problems.
Here's why:
It has to appeal to the vast majority -- not just a few loud dissenters.
History is not on Ello's side. Startup App.net, a platform for accessing many social applications on one network, kicked off in 2012 with a manifesto (much like Ello's ). App.net founder Dalton Caldwell criticized Twitter (the service it considered itself to be an alternative to) for its ad-supported model. Dalton said Twitter users were the "product" -- the same basis for Ello's critique of Facebook.
App.net never took off.
It's really just the "vocal few" that take issues with Facebook's design or access to user data, according to Brian Solis, principal analyst at Altimeter Group. Feeling like a "product" isn't a universally felt complaint.
If a business model isn't broken, can it be fixed?
Unlike Facebook, which makes 90% of its money from advertisements, Ello doesn't sell ads. It plans on making money with a "freemium" model -- users can purchase special features to customize their Ello experience.
Budnitz lashed out at critics, saying it's "so sad" that people won't give Ello's business model a chance.
But free and "ad-free" don't really mix. App.net, which tried that combination, announced in March that it is no longer profitable enough to employ any staff .
FOMO is attracting users to the site -- but what will keep them there?
Ello is being flooded with invite requests, largely because it is in the news, and people have a fear of missing out (FOMO). But FOMO isn't enough to keep users on the site.
"As much as we love to hate [Facebook], they've done a really good job on focusing attention," said Solis. "The time spent on Facebook is unheard of -- and its not a fluke."
It's unclear why users will need to spend time on Ello, Solis said.
To Budnitz' credit, the product is still very much in development -- and his ambitions aren't as high as you'd think.
"We are, in fact, a five week old beta," he said. "It's being developed live in front of everyone's eyes."
The Facebook comparisons are "flattering," Budnitz said, but Ello is "not trying to take over the world."
Still, user frustrations, like a buggy-search feature (Budnitz said they've experienced some glitches with this search functionality last week), can have a resounding impact.
"You get one shot at it," said Solis. "If that network is open for beta, then it better be open for scale."
First Published: September 29, 2014: 5:12 PM ET
Most Popular

http://usat.ly/1uXibUHAmericans snack differently than other nations
The snack is nibbling away at how the world eats, drinks and lives.
Post to Facebook
Americans snack differently than other nations The snack is nibbling away at how the world eats, drinks and lives. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1sIFrtc
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
6
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Americans snack differently than other nations
Which snack did you consume in the past 30 days?
Sponsored by
Bruce Horovitz and Karl Gelles, USA TODAY
Bruce Horovitz , USA TODAY 10:58 a.m. EDT September 29, 2014
A  boy snacks on chips with the view on St. Peter's cupola in Rome.
(Photo: Franco Origlia, Getty Images)
766 CONNECT 301 TWEET 158 LINKEDIN 6 COMMENTEMAILMORE
The snack is nibbling away at how the world eats, drinks and lives.
While Americans snack a bit differently from the rest of the world, with a special penchant for chips, the simple snack —  from a candy bar to a piece of fruit to a granola bar — now permeates the globe as it increasingly replaces breakfast, lunch and dinner in households from Houston to Hanoi.
That's the conclusion of an exhaustive study due out Monday by consumer research giant Nielsen. Its Nielsen Global Survey of Snacking polled online more than 30,000 consumers in 60 countries between mid-February and mid-March of 2014.  Snacking, the study estimates, has evolved into a $374 billion global industry — and is growing about 2% annually, which is a considerable amount in a shaky, global economy.
The impact of the snacking boom will be huge, affecting the way companies make, market and serve food, and it will influence the kinds of food products that food makers concoct going forward, the study concludes.
"Snacking connects consumers globally," says James Russo, senior vice president at Nielsen.  Consider:  91% of consumers polled say they snack at least once a day. And 21% are snacking three to four times daily — the majority being women.
But snacking is no longer just about satisfying a sweet tooth or hunger pang between meals, but increasingly about substituting them for the meals themselves.
"How we snack as a society is changing," says Russo. "Snacks are increasingly meal replacements."
Some 45% of consumers, globally, says the use snacks as meal replacements.  Roughly 52% same they sometimes replace breakfast with a snack; 43% replace lunch with a snack and 40% replace dinner with one.
Breakfast was the most common meal to be replaced with a snack. Some 55% of Asians surveyed say they replace breakfast with a snack — followed by 49% of North Americans and 44% of Europeans.
"Any way you slice it, these are big numbers," says Russo. "Consumers are re-defining how we eat around meals. If I'm a big food company, I have to think about how to make, market or re-purpose products to a consumer who wants to eat on the go, and is using snacks as meals."
But it's what we Americans are snacking — or not — that's particularly interesting.
First off, we're chip-a-holics.  There is nothing we snack on more than chips of all sorts — from potato to tortilla.  Some 63% of Americans surveyed said they'd snacked on some sort of chips within the past 30 days. Chocolate — mostly in the form of candy bars — ranks second. And cheese snacks finish a close third.
But the rest of the world appears to snack a tad healthier than we do.  Globally, the top snack is chocolate.  Some 64% of consumers surveyed globally said they had a chocolate snack within the past 30 days. Fruit ranked a very close second.  And vegetables ranked third.
The top snack for Europeans is fruit, followed closely by chocolate and cheese.
Much of this can all be explained by the wildly different attributes that various cultures crave in snacks.  The top attribute that Americans seek is "salty and savory" snacks. But globally, consumers opt for "crispy" — which is why so many chocolate bars are crispy.
Snacking isn't just a fad or trend — it's the future, says Russo. "Big as snacking is today, it's only going to get bigger."
766 CONNECT 301 TWEET 158 LINKEDIN 6 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1sIFrtc
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

Israel PM warns nuclear-armed Iran would be  gravest threatIsrael PM warns nuclear-armed Iran would be  gravest threat
Govt to allow $-funded Indian cos to sell go...Fabindia
(The company procures 98%…)
NEW DELHI: The government is likely to allow foreign-funded Indian firms to sell goods online if they make more than three-fourths of their product range themselves at home as part of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's wider push to promote manufacturing, and to boost homegrown brands such as Fabindia.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had said in his July 10 budget that manufacturers will be allowed to sell goods online even if they have foreign investment provided they manufacture locally. The existing foreign investment policy does not allow any foreign direct investment (FDI) in ecommerce. It also does not define 'manufacturing'.
Fabindia, which makes 80% of the merchandise it sells on its own but is registered as a single-brand retailer, has written to the Department of Industrial Policy & Promotion (DIPP) asking to be treated as a manufacturer. This would enable the Indian-owned and controlled garment, fabric and furnishings company to take advantage of the proposal in the Union Budget and also freely access foreign funds for expansion.
Govt shouldn't be rigid: Experts
Fabindia couldn't be immediately reached for comment.
"We are trying to find some solution to that and help an Indian brand grow big. Those manufacturing in India should be allowed to sell online. We will need to tweak the policy suitably," said a DIPP official who didn't want to be named.
Just before leaving for the US, the prime minister had on September 25 kicked off the 'Make in India' campaign in the presence of CEOs and industry captains, promising a transparent and secure environment to do business in the country as part of a strategy to boost domestic manufacturing, create more jobs and thus add to the growth impetus. Fabindia is 60% owned by Indian shareholders while JLB Canton holds a 23% stake and WCP Mauritius has 16%. The company procures 98% of the products it sells from India, of which 80% come from its own manufacturing units and the rest from small and medium enterprises.
It sells some goods through ecommerce using permission obtained in the early 1990s."It is an Indian brand, producing in India. But they are also sourcing from other places... organic teas and all. It is not allowed under the existing policy. But we are determined to sort it out," said the official cited above.The government is not keen on opening up ecommerce to FDI as it sees this as a backdoor entry for overseas investment in multibrand retail, something the ruling BJP opposed in its election manifesto.
Still, the government hasn't indicated any rollback of the previous administration's decision to allow 51% FDI in the sector and a BJP member suggested there may be a review of the stance. The government shouldn't be rigid about the manufacturing norm, an expert said.
"There's hardly any company that manufactures everything on its own. Some items are sourced from third parties locally and some are imported. The government should take cues from RBI's definition of erstwhile export-oriented units which said that if 60% of the goods were exported, it would qualify as an EOU," said a chartered accountant asking not to be named.
Jaitley had announced in the budget that manufacturing units would be allowed to sell products through retail channels, including ecommerce platforms, without any additional approvals. India allows 100% foreign investment in manufacturing.Though the government has not issued a notification based on the budget announcement, officials said a 'manufacturing' firm by definition makes all products on its own locally. But they said there is scope for relaxation on that front as well.
"We are still working on the notification. But 100% manufacturing condition is a bit too stringent. So for at least the Indian brands with foreign funding, we may keep the threshold lower at, say, 74%. We are yet to take a final decision," said the official cited above.The previous UPA government had allowed 100% FDI in single-brand retail but with conditions related to 30% domestic sourcing and the introduction of new product lines.
Fabindia wants to be classified as a manufacturer instead of a single-brand retailer to carry out business-to-consumer ecommerce, introduce new products without separate government approval, get foreign investment from private equity funds, etc.
FEATURED ARTICLES

DU s Sanskrit dept to prove Aryans were not ...DU's Sanskrit dept kickstarts project to prove Aryans were not foreigners
Ritika Chopra, ET Bureau Sep 30, 2014, 04.02AM IST
(There's no evidence to back…)
NEW DELHI: Delhi University's Sanskrit department has thrown its weight behind a project that could possibly rewrite history to fit the Sangh Parivar's view of India's past — a move that's likely to gain political colour considering the resounding victory of the Narendra Modi-led Bharatiya Janata Party in the general election.
Here's what most history books tell us — first there was the Indus Valley Civilization that flourished in places such as Mohenjo-Daro and Harappa. Then, around 3,500 years ago, this went into decline as the Aryan nomadic tribes crossed the mountains and entered India.
Sanskrit dept to rope in YS Rao
But the Hindu nationalist narrative, as espoused by the Sangh Parivar and its affiliates, disputes what they call a European-imposed narrative. They say the Aryans were an indigenous people — not migrants.
The project was announced last week by Delhi University's Sanskrit department in the presence of OP Kohli -- a BJP leader recently appointed Gujarat governor -- and vice-chancellor Dinesh Singh at an event marking 60 years of Sanskrit research.Sanskrit department head Ramesh Bharadwaj strongly denied that this was an attempt to validate a particular party line and that he was only interested in putting forward a convincing academic argument. Singh for his part has come under intense criticism for implementing a four-degree undergraduate programme that's been withdrawn after the new government was formed.
The project is unlikely to find the support of the university's history department. "This is a meaningless debate. We all now know that the entire human race can trace its ancestry back to Africa. So how does it matter whether Aryans were indigenous to our country or were outsiders? There are far more serious issues of archaeological and scientific research that need to addressed in our country," said Nayanjot Lahiri, a professor of archaeology in the history department at Delhi University.
There's no evidence to back the claim, said renowned historian DN Jha, who specialises in ancient and medieval Indian history.
"This debate is not new, but I can say that at present there is no scientific evidence to prove that Indo-Aryans were indigenous to our subcontinent. But since the political ambience in the country has changed, there will be many such attempts to prove this," said Jha, who used to be a Delhi University professor. "I have no comment to offer except that a serious historian will only dismiss such research.
Moreover, the Sanskrit department of Delhi University is not at all competent to go into such questions." The idea is to disprove the Aryan migration theory, proposed by German linguist and Sanskrit scholar Max Mueller, using scientific facts.
"There are two schools of thought as far as the origin of the Indo-Aryans is concerned. We want to collate archaeological and new scientific evidence along with the Sanskrit department's own research of ancient manuscripts and texts to prove that Indian culture was not a foreign import," said Bharadwaj, who argued that the opposite was true.
"In fact, the Aryans belonged to the subcontinent and migrated from here and influenced cultures abroad," he said.
The last NDA government had made an attempt to disprove the Aryan migration theory by changing the history textbooks in 2004, the year in which it lost the general election. Human resource development ministry officials declined to comment on the matter.
The Sanskrit department will soon seek the help of YS Rao, recently appointed head of the Indian Council of Historical Research (ICHR) by the BJP government, to collate historical evidence. Rao did not respond to ET's calls and emails. Rao is a controversial figure, having once written in support of the caste system besides blaming Muslim rule for India's social ills.
His stand on a strongly divisive issue was made clear by his support for the contention that the Babri Masjid was built on the site of a temple.Nationalistic scholars have argued that there are several linguistic, archaeological, literary and, more recently, genetic pieces of evidence to support the belief that Aryans originated in the Indian subcontinent. The issue was one of the most hotly contested debates in Western and Indian academic circles throughout the 1990s.
Bharadwaj pointed to the pattern of similarities between ancient Sanskrit words and ancient words in classical Western languages as one of the linguistic examples of Indian influence on cultures abroad.
He also cited similarities between the architecture and culture of the Indus Valley Civilization and Mesopotamian Civilisation, the latter considered the cradle of civilization in the West.
As for genetic evidence, a study published by scientists from the Centre for Cellular and Molecular Biology in Hyderabad said that the origin of genetic diversity found in South Asia is much older than 3,500 years, when the Indo-Aryans were said to have begun migrating to India.
The study had appeared in the American Journal of Human Genetics in 2011. "Many phonetic laws of French language are the same as the one formulated by ancient Sanskrit grammarian Panini. The German language is also similar to Sanskrit.
So when there is so much evidence in favour of our view, then there must be an effort to bring some finality to this debate. Why should we continue teaching the European theory to our children?" Bharadwaj said.
According to Bharadwaj, the Sanskrit department will start holding workshops with different scholars in January next year in pursuit of its project.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Loop Mobile may leave Rs 215-cr hole: Axis BankAxis Bank
(The lender has said to the…)
NEW DELHI: Axis Bank has told the telecom department that delay in approval for the slump sale of Loop Mobile's subscribers and active infrastructure in Mumbai to Bharti Airtel could result in the lender's Rs 215-crore outstanding to Loop turning non-performing.
In a letter to the Department of Telecommunication (DoT), the lender has said that Loop Mobile's licences expire in November, after which it will neither be able to offer services to customers nor be able to service its debt to the bank. ET has seen a copy of the letter.
"Public money through banks has been channeled into the company, which is at stake," Axis Bank said in its letter earlier this month.
"Post November, LMIL (Loop Mobile India Ltd) would not be able to offer services to its subscribers and would cease to be a going concern, thus impairing its debt service availability. Considering that the deal will safeguard interests of banks and subscribers, we request you to expedite the approvals for the said deal," Axis Bank said.
Among the three lenders to Loop Mobile, Axis Bank has the largest exposure at Rs 350 crore.
IDBI Bank and IDFC have a combined exposure of Rs 150 crore.
A person familiar with the matter told ET that IDBI Bank and IDFC too have written to the telecom department to speed up the deal. IDBI Bank and IDFC could not be immediately reached for comment.
Mumbai-based Loop Mobile signed a definitive agreement in June under which Bharti Airtel would take over its close to 3 million subscribers and 25,000 cell sites through what is called a slump sale -without assigning values to individual assets - for an estimatedRs 700 crore.
The sale proceeds would be utilised to repay banks, creditors and settle other liabilities.
Loop's total liability stands atRs 800 crore.
Khaitan family-owned Loop Mobile did not buy back its airwaves in the auctions in February. The decision implies that it would shut shop once its 20-year permit to use the frequency expires in November.
The DoT has flagged some issues in the Loop Mobile-Bharti Airtel deal, including potential revenue loss to the exchequer and violation of mobile number portability rules. DoT won't get any revenue when Loop's customers move to Bharti Airtel network under the deal. The objection is on the lines of what the telecom regulator had noted on the proposed transaction.
In a separate letter to the DoT, Loop Mobile's chief executive Sandeep Basu had explained that a slump sale is legal and a precedent existed in the case of Uninor, where subscribers moved en-masse when the company's mobile permits were cancelled by the Supreme Court.
Basu said that customers have the option to move to another carrier using MNP with no changes in terms of service. Loop Mobile added that it will pay a total of Rs 3.23 crore as MNP fee to the MNP service provider as revenue share on account of migrated subscribers.
The transaction, if and when completed, would take Bharti Airtel's subscriber base to 7 million in the Mumbai circle, making it the No. 1 carrier in India's financial capital.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PM Narendra Modi arrives in Washington  to hold talks with ObamaOct 01, 2014 at  03:42pm IST
PM Narendra Modi arrives in Washington, to hold talks with Obama
7
0
Washington: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday arrived in Washington on the second leg of his five-day US visit during which he will hold talks with US President Barack Obama.
Obama is also hosting a private dinner, which will be the first opportunity for both the leaders to interact with each other.
Modi had arrived in US on September 26. Apart from addressing UN General Assembly, he has also addressed Indian-American community at New York's prestigious Madison Square Garden.
Obama is also hosting a private dinner, which will be the first opportunity for both the leaders to interact with each other.
more »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Global ambitions for renminbi sow domestic risksGrand global ambitions for renminbi sow domestic risks
By Josh Noble
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/413a2d4c-2eba-11e4-afe4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BB Passport: Will Canadian co make a comebackAjay Bahl
(BlackBerry, which suffered…)
MUMBAI: When Ajay Bahl , managing partner of law firm AZB , first saw the BlackBerry Passport, the newly launched phone by the Canadian company, he knew it would be the device that would replace the BlackBerry Z30 he swore by. Not only that, he also expects many lawyers at his firm who swear by their BlackBerry phones to be early adopters of the Rs 49,900 phone as it hits the market in time for festive buying.
"There are many of our lawyers who have stuck to their Q5 or even older phones for the keyboard, so to have a hard keyboard that is also sensitive to touch would make them jump (at the phone)," said Bahl, who along with Zia Mody and Bahram Vakil, founded one of India's leading corporate law firms.
Dr Abhishek Puri, a senior fellow in the radiology and oncology department of Tata Memorial Hospital, said the BlackBerry Passport is a work phone -- not meant for 'instagram video shooting' or leisure use.
He is most excited about a browser that displays genomic data, which the company showcased on the device. "The square screen and high-resolution display shows the pictures very clearly and makes it easier to identify the genetic category of a patient even without a computer," he said. Puri said the quality of CT scan images he was able to beam with the Passport on to his TV were comparable with the original.
Professionals such as Bahl and Puri are among the target customers for BlackBerry as it seeks to reclaim its presence among business users in India's growing smartphone market, dominated by Samsung and local handset vendors .
BlackBerry remains focussed on security, which it promises with any feature it offers, although it has opened the device up to applications from the Amazon app store, said Sunil Lalvani, Managing Director of BlackBerry India.
BlackBerry, which suffered in the smartphone market because of a delayed Z10 launch a couple of years ago, is on a recovery path, as highlighted by the results for the three months ended August 30. While Black-Berry Passport is meant for senior executives who are savvy enough to want social media and chat as well as secure communications, its consumer-facing device, the Classic, will hit the markets later this year.
The launch of the device ties in with the company's enterprise software service comprising of the BlackBerry Enterprise Server (BES), which can manage security and other organisational functions on the Apple, Android, Kindle and Windows platforms alike. When coupled with the BES, the Passport can offer secured BB Messenger and other social networking services.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Tony Fernandes getting ready for insurance playTony Fernandes getting ready for insurance play
Anirban Chowdhury, ET Bureau Sep 30, 2014, 03.00AM IST
Tags:
AirAsia Direct Insurance Business
(“We would like to buy stake…)
MUMBAI: AirAsia chief Tony Fernandes' Tune Group plans to buy stake in an Indian insurance company for its financial services arm Tune Money, as part of the Malaysian business tycoon's plans to expand businesses in India.
"I am very keen on the insurance market here," he said in a recent interview to ET.
"We would like to buy stake in a small insurance company that we would add value to and grow the market through our skill set of marketing and branding etc," he added.
Tune Money is the insurance manager for AirAsia Direct Insurance Business and manages AirAsia Insure Lifestyle Protection programme. It also supports operationally AirAsia Insure Travel Protection programme to passengers and its loyalty cards. It also has its own home and auto insurance products.
Fernandes' plans follow a decision by the government earlier this year to allow 49% foreign director investment in the local insurance sector.
The earlier cap on FDI into this sector was 26%. The management control will still remain with the Indian company.
Fernandes has already been a beneficiary of the government's move to open up the aviation sector to investment from foreign carriers, earlier barred from investment in their Indian peers.
He formed AirAsia India through a venture with the Tata Sons . The airline started services in June and now flies to four destinations from its base in Bangalore.
The Group's Tune Hotels also plans to set up 100 budget properties in India by 2020, its group CEO Mark Lankester said in July.
It has forged a joint venture with Mumbai's Apodis for carrying out initial expansion plans in India, which includes setting up properties in cities such as Bhavnagar, Delhi, Neemrana, Jaipur, Amritsar, Chandigarh and Chennai.
In the interview, Fernandes said he was optimistic about India and very impressed by the statements of its prime minister Narendra Modi. "It's a great time to be Indian," he said.
"I am trying to understand how to sell to Indians, what is the market, what the market wants, where the markets wants to go to, where is it lacking..," he said.
The Tune Group also has interests in telecom (Tune Talk) and the entertainment industry (Tune Tones). The group also owns owns the Caterham Group which holds a sports car manufacturing arm.
In June Fernandes sold his entire stake in the Caterham F1 team to a consortium of Swiss and middle eastern investors, after the team's dismal performance.
Caterham finished 10th in the F1 championship for their first three seasons but finished 11th last year.
He wants to bring Caterham cars to India.
In the interview Fernandes also said he is keen on the retail and ecommerce sector, but didn't elaborate.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Flight Cancellations Continue in Chicago Days After Fireflight cancellations continue in chicago days after fire
US judge calls Argentina in contempt in debt caseUS judge calls Argentina in contempt in debt case
Wall St. watches Hong Kong protestsWall St. watches Hong Kong protests
http://usat.ly/1rGfuYVFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Another card system hack at Supervalu, Albertsons
Card data of Supervalu and Albertsons shoppers may be at risk in another hack, the two supermarket companies said Monday.
Post to Facebook
Another card system hack at Supervalu, Albertsons Card data of Supervalu and Albertsons shoppers may be at risk in another hack, the two supermarket companies said Monday. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/YII9Ri
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
2
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Another card system hack at Supervalu, Albertsons
AP 7:36 p.m. EDT September 29, 2014
Card data of Supervalu and Albertsons shoppers may be at risk in another hack, the two supermarket companies said Monday.
(Photo: Thinkstock)
81 CONNECT 30 TWEET 19 LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE
NEW YORK — Card data of Supervalu and Albertsons shoppers may be at risk in another hack, the two supermarket companies said Monday.
The companies said that in late August or early September, malicious software was installed on networks that process credit and debit card transactions at some of their stores. Albertsons said the malware may have captured data including account numbers, card expiration dates and the names of cardholders at stores in more than a dozen states. Supervalu said the malware was installed on a network that processes card transactions at several chains, but it believes data was only taken from certain checkout lanes at four Cub Foods stores in Minnesota.
The breach could affect Albertsons stores in California, Idaho, Montana, Nevada, North Dakota, Oregon, Utah, Washington and Wyoming; Acme Markets stores in Delaware, Maryland, New Jersey and Pennsylvania; Jewel-Osco stores in Illinois, Indiana and Iowa; and Shaw's and Star Markets stores in Maine, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island and Vermont. The Boise, Idaho-based company has a total of 1,081 stores.
Supervalu Inc. said it believes the malware was only able to capture card data from some checkout lanes at four Cub Foods locations in Minnesota because it had not finished making security improvements at those stores. The company thinks it has gotten rid of the malware.
The malware was also installed on a network that processes card transactions at Shop 'n Save and Shoppers Food & Pharmacy stores as well as some stand-alone liquor stores, but the company, which has 3,320 stores, thinks the malware did not capture payment card data from any stores except possibly for the four in Minnesota.
Supervalu sold the Albertsons, Acme, Jewel-Osco, Shaw's and Star Market chains to Cerberus Capital Management in 2013, but it still provides information technology services for those stores.
The companies also disclosed a data breach in August. They said the two incidents are separate. Supervalu said that incident may have affected as many as 200 grocery and liquor stores. It said hackers accessed a network that processes Supervalu transactions, with account numbers, expiration dates, card holder names and other information.
That breach occurred between June 22 and July 17, and Supervalu said it immediately began working to secure that portion of its network. The companies said Monday that they are still investigating that incident and don't know if cardholder data was taken.
The latest breach follows big hacks that affected millions of customers at Home Depot, Target and other retailers over the past year.
81 CONNECT 30 TWEET 19 LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Copyright 2014 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/YII9Ri
Looking for a Job?

Obama hosts dinner for ModiObama hosts dinner for Modi
Uddhav s Shiv Sena turning into a father-son partyUddhav s Shiv Sena turning into a father-son party
India s Modi Articulates Vision for Economic ChangeIndia s Modi Articulates Vision for Economic Change
Live: Modi meets Obama  India-US partnership called  Chalein Saath Saath: Forward Together We Go8:23 am: 
8:23 am: 
7:09 am: Prime Minister Narendra Modi leaves for India after his five-day visit to the US. He said, "Thank you America". "I achieved a lot in these five days. I am going back to India very satisfied."
11:58 pm: Agreed to create energy innovation laboratories in India, also agreed to upgrade our national parks-Vikram Doraiswami: MEA #ModiMeetsObama
11:43 pm: 
11:38 pm: PM Narendra Modi and US President Barack Obama pay homage to Martin Luther King Memorial, the leader of African-American Civil Rights Movement: PTI #ModiMeetsObama
11:38 pm: US Vice President Joe Biden: Our ties have grown enormously #ModiMeetsObama
11:34 pm: John Kerry: India, US are two countries who begin Constitution with "We the People". we share the same economic and political imperatives. We want history to remember what PM Modi did for India's development & what Mahatma Gandhi did for its freedom in same breath.
11:30 pm: India-US to work together on disrupting financial & tactical support for LeT, JeM, D-company & Haqqani network. #ModiMeetsObama
11:29 pm: John Kerry: Mr PM, no matter how our warm our welcome here we are not going to be able to top the Madison Square Garden reception. #ModiMeetsObama
11:22 pm: India-US Group to address all implementation issues to speed up deployment of US origin nuclear reactors in India : MEA #ModiMeetsObama
11:08 pm: I have extended an invitation to President Obama and his family to visit India: PM Modi #ModiMeetsObama
11:07 pm: The issue of climate change is a priority for both India and US: PM Modi #ModiMeetsObama
11:05 pm: 
11:04 pm: After India-US Summit on Mars, we are meeting here on earth - PM Modi #ModiMeetsObama
11:02 pm: We had an open discussion on WTO issue. We support trade facilitation but a solution that takes care of our food security must be found: PM Modi #ModiMeetsObama
10:57 pm: US President Obama: I am impressed with how PM Modi is working for the poorest of the poor and revitalising the economy. #ModiMeetsObama
10:56 pm: US President Obama : Discussed trade issues, maritime rules, fight against Islamic State with PM Modi #ModiMeetsObama
10:54 pm: US to cooperate as knowledge partner for India's planned National Defence University. #ModiMeetsObama
10:53 pm: PM Modi: India-US decide to renew Framework Agreement for defence cooperation for further 10 years #ModiMeetsObama
10:52 pm: PM Modi: I sought support fro President Obama for greater access to India's service companies #ModiMeetsObama
10:52 pm: US to be lead partner in developing Allahabad, Ajmer & Vizag as Smart Cities: MEA #ModiMeetsObama
10:51 pm: PM Modi: I want to welcome US defence companies to boost our defence industry #ModiMeetsObama
10:50 pm: We both are committed to helping Afghanistan and improving our coordination in this area: PM Modi #ModiMeetsObama
10:50 pm: PM Modi: I look forward to receive Obama and his family in India #ModiMeetsObama
10:48 pm: PM Modi: PM: We shared our concern over Ebola virus crisis #ModiMeetsObama
10:47 pm: We are both serious about resolving issues related to civil nuclear deal, it's important for India's energy security: Modi #ModiMeetsObama
10:46 pm: I urged President Obama to take steps whereby our service companies can get access to the American economy: Modi #ModiMeetsObama
10:44 pm: We decided to deepen our existing ties with India: US President Barack Obama #ModiMeetsObama
10:44 pm: Glad to meet Obama, thank him for his hospitality: PM Narendra Modi #ModiMeetsObama
10:43 pm: We discussed international situation, security issues and Middle East violence and extremism: Obama after meeting Modi #ModiMeetsObama
10:39 pm: 
10:20 pm: PM Modi held talks with US President Barack Obama on 'substantive' bilateral, regional and international issues: PTI #ModiMeetsObama
9:59 pm: India and US agree to extend their defence agreement for 10 years, say Pentagon sources: PTI #ModiMeetsObama
9:29 pm: President Obama wants stabilisation in Indo-US relations: Strobe Talbott #ModiMeetsObama
9:28 pm: Modi, Obama both no-nonsense guys, they don't care about ceremonial things: Strobe Talbott #ModiMeetsObama
9:27 pm: Strobe Talbott, President, Brookings Institution: Keen to know if India will back US action against ISIS #ModiMeetsObama
8:43 pm: PM Narendra Modi, US President Barack Obama to issue a joint statement shortly. #ModiMeetsObama
8:34 pm: 
8:29 pm: Prime Minister Narendra Modi reaches White House for bilateral meet with President Barack Obama. #ModiMeetsObama
7:12 pm: 

India a great place to invest: General ElectricIndia a great place to invest: General Electric
PTI
Tweet
New York, Sep 29:  
General Electric today described India as a great place to invest after its CEO Jeffery Immelt met with Prime Minister Narendra Modi today and said the US conglomerate is looking to make more investments in the country.
Describing his one-on-one meeting with the Prime Minister as “excellent”, Immelt said, “GE is a long term investor in India. We look forward to more in the future.”
Immelt also had high praise for Modi whom he described as a Prime Minister with “good head set for business” and expressed hope that he would continue to “drive the reform process“.
The Prime Minister pitched the India story in his interaction with Immelt and discussed steps that can be taken to enhance country’s business environment.
Impressed with the meeting, Immelt said, “India is a great country and place to invest.”
Earlier today, the Prime Minister also had one-on-one meetings with CEOs of Boeing, KKR, BlackRock, IBM and Goldman Sachs and is believed to have pitched for big-ticket investments in India to develop infrastructure and create more jobs.
GE has a significant presence in India across many sectors and employs thousands of people.
(This article was published on September 29, 2014)
Related

Gold turns weak on fall in demand  price falls by Rs 320 to Rs 27 230Silver also fell by Rs 365 to Rs 39,535 per kg on reduced offtake by industrial units and coin makers. (AP)
PTI | New Delhi | Posted: September 27, 2014 4:05 pm
After yesterday’s sharp rise, gold prices fell back by Rs 320 to Rs 27,230 per ten gram in the national capital today as demand eased at prevailing higher levels coupled with a weak global trend.
Silver also fell by Rs 365 to Rs 39,535 per kg on reduced offtake by industrial units and coin makers.
Traders said fall in demand at existing higher level and a weak global trend where gold fell after a report showed that the US economy expanded last quarter at the fastest rate since 2011, crimping demand for the metal as an alternative investment, mainly kept pressure on precious metals prices.
Gold in New York, which normally sets price trend on the domestic front, fell 0.5 per cent to USD 1,215.40 an ounce.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity plunged by Rs 320 each to Rs 27,230 and Rs 27,030 per ten gram respectively. It had recorded the second biggest gain this year by surging Rs 590 in yesterday’s trade.
Sovereign, however, maintained a steady trend at Rs 24,200 per piece of eight gram in limited deals.
Silver ready traded lower by Rs 365 to Rs 39,535 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 370 to Rs 39,170 per kg. The white metal had gained Rs 550 in the previous session.
Meanwhile, silver coins continued to be traded at last level of Rs 69,000 for buying and Rs 70,000 for selling of 100 pieces.

Banks get a nudge from RBI to mine social media  know customers betterPrint
Written by Anil Sasi | New Delhi | Posted: September 29, 2014 1:14 am
The Reserve Bank of India is nudging banks to mine Facebook, Twitter and other social media data to access customers’ social profiles and possibly gain insights into individual customer behaviour.
RBI deputy governor, HR Khan, at a September 16 presentation in a conference in Mumbai, specifically underscored the need to leverage social network updates as an additional know-your-customer (KYC) tool.
Banks should leverage on the increasing popularity of interactive social platforms for effective engagement with their customers, Khan noted in his presentation, adding that “by tapping social networks, banks can access customers’ social profiles, and thereby deepen their insights into individual customer behaviour”.
While this concept is still in its nascent stages in India, private sector banks are emerging as the front runners in deploying this as a tool. In the developed nations, lenders are already using social media updates of customers as an additional input in determining a borrower’s identity or creditworthiness.
HDFC Bank’s head of marketing, Kartik Jain, told The Indian Express: “Social networks such as Facebook allow you to identify and target customers based on specific segmentation criteria such as lifestyle, demographics, interests, location etc. We have mapped our customers and their banking transaction behaviour, with their social media profiles and device usage. This has allowed us to show more relevant and meaningful messages to customers in a medium that they are comfortable with. For instance, a message for instantly downloading our mobile banking app is shown to our savings account customers while they are accessing Facebook on their smart phone.”
An executive with another private sector bank said that bank staffers have also been asked to sift through data, especially for high networth individuals, to look for potential red flags — including applicants putting different job information on their loan application as they posted on LinkedIn, or a post on Facebook disclosing a firing by an employer.
A senior officer with a public sector bank said the RBI has informally sounded out lenders to work on developing skills to mine social media data, including deploying agencies on a contract basis.
The use of information posted on social media sites is being advocated in addition to the CIBIL (Credit Information Bureau India Ltd) rankings that lenders use currently to determine the credit-worthiness and past default history of individual customers.
Private sector banks, which have seen progressive surge in online transactions led by the rising number of Internet users, are already using Facebook and Twitter to allow customers to transact online, and open new accounts.
Kotak Mahindra Bank, for instance, on March 26, started a current account that allows customers to open new accounts and transact using their Facebook log-in identity.
The RBI has taken the lead in some groundwork in the ways of using data posted by individuals on the net. The Institute for Development & Research in Banking Technology (IDRBT) — a banking research institute established in 1996 by the RBI — has already prepared a ‘Social Media Framework for Indian Banks’ that offers comprehensive insights into the use of the social media by the banking continued…

For want of bidders  12 highway projects go unawarded; deadline pushed to JanuaryPrint
Written by Siddhartha Gupta | New Delhi | Posted: September 29, 2014 1:01 am
TWELVE highway projects that the ministry of road transport and highways was hoping to award within the first four months of this fiscal are likely to be delayed until January. The projects add up to almost 1,500 km and were estimated to cost over Rs 20,000 crore.
A ministry spokesperson said that while 8 of the 12 projects (see table) failed to receive any bids, the others were found unavailable after the developers required a grant from the government in excess of 40 per cent in order to execute the construction on Build-Operate-Transfer (Toll) mode.
According to the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI), which is one of the executing agencies for the projects, it will be another four months before the reworked proposals are approved, bid for, and awarded.
NHAI is targeting awarding around 5,500 km worth of projects and constructing around 2,000 km of roads this fiscal. Out of this around 2,000 km were initially slated to be on BOT mode and the rest on Engineering-Procurement-Construction (EPC) mode, according to an official.
“The proposals for these projects were all designed for BOT modes, but now will be redesigned for bidding on EPC mode. In fact some have already been sent to the ministry and are awaiting approval. Bids will be called for once approval has been obtained,” the NHAI official said.
In BOT mode, which comes under the umbrella of PPP projects, the developer builds and operates a stretch of road for a stipulated time period and earns either through toll revenue or through timely payments from the government. In EPC mode, the government funds the construction and has the rights over the toll revenue.
According to Manish Agarwal, Leader (Capital Projects and Infrastructure) at consulting and advisory firm PwC, PPP projects, especially toll-based, are unlikely to attract financing from banks anytime soon, with pure annuity or a mixed system of annuity with grants or toll revenue more likely to be bankable than pure tolling system even in the future. “Experience has shown that toll-based projects do not necessarily deliver the expectations from PPP,” Agarwal said. “To instill confidence in the banks in the current scenario, existing projects will first need to be cleared. Then the EPC projects in pipeline will have to be cleared.”
NHAI officials also dispelled fears of scarcity of funds in the eventuality of having to fund mostly EPC projects in the near future, saying that the funds allocated to the agency by the ministry per EPC mode based project had doubled to Rs 1,000 crore from the previously sanctioned amount of Rs 500 crore. “The estimated project cost will come down once the projects are reevaluated on EPC mode. We have been allocated a budget of around Rs 20,000 crore this fiscal year. Besides, we are now earning around Rs 6,000 crore per year from toll revenues and can raise 10 times as much money using it as collateral,” the NHAI official said.

Modi announces lifelong visas for Indian diasporaNew York, September 29, 2014
Updated: September 29, 2014 11:40 IST
Modi announces lifelong visas for Indian diaspora
IANS
Tweet
REUTERS Prime Minister Narendra Modi speaks at Madison Square Garden in New York, during his visit to the United States on September 28, 2014.
AP Supporters cheers and wave Indian flags as India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi gives a speech during a reception by the Indian community in honor of his visit to the United States at Madison Square Garden on Sunday, in New York.
VIDEO
migration
Amid cheers from thousands of Indian-Americans, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday announced several measures to ease travel to their motherland including life-long visas.
“Happy?” he asked as the crowd cheered his announcement with chants of “Modi, Modi” at the huge Madison Square Garden community reception for him.
“There is even more to come,” he said smilingly as he announced that People of Indian Origin (PIOs) in staying in India for long would not have to report to police. “There is no need for them to do that anymore.”
In addition, the Indian missions in the US would grant long-term visas to US citizens and US tourists would get visa on arrival in India. Online visas would be introduced and Visa outsourcing services expanded to reduce current problems.
Currently PIO cards, given to those who themselves, their parents or grandparents or their spouse, were one-time Indian citizens, allow for visa-free travel to and from India. However, a PIO card is only valid for 15 years.
Also, if one’s stay in India is going to exceed 180 days on any single visit, one needs to register within 30 days of the expiry of 180 days with the concerned Foreigners Regional Registration Officer/Foreigners Registration Officer or local police authorities.
On the other hand, the Overseas Citizenship of India (OCI) card given to only those who themselves or their parents were one time citizens, has lifelong visa-free travel and does not require the holder to register with any office regardless of the length of their stay.
Eventually the PIO and OCI schemes will be combined in a new scheme and also cover spouses.
Reminding the audience that Mahatma Gandhi was an expatriate who returned to India to win freedom for India, Modi said the Pravasi Bhartiya Divas will be held in Ahmedabad next year to mark the event.

IDBI Bank rises 3%  borrowing limit hiked to Rs 15000 crSep 29, 2014, 01.54 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
IDBI Bank rises 3%, borrowing limit hiked to Rs 15000 cr
Also, the board has approved to infuse additional capital of Rs 58.34 crore by way of equity in IDBI Asset Management, its subsidiary company, to meet its growth requirements.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
IDBI Bank rises 3%, borrowing limit hiked to Rs 15000 cr
Also, the board has approved to infuse additional capital of Rs 58.34 crore by way of equity in IDBI Asset Management, its subsidiary company, to meet its growth requirements.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  IDBI Bank was up 3 percent intraday on Monday after its board meeting. In the meeting held on September 26, the board has approved to increase borrowing limit to Rs 15000 crore from Rs 4000 crore.
“The board of directors has approved enhancement in rupee borrowing limit from the present limit of Rs. 4000 crore (approved by the shareholders on September 02, 2014) to Rs 15000 crore subject to compliance with all applicable laws, regulations & guidelines as well as the approval of shareholders to be obtained in terms of Section 42 of the Companies Act, 2013 by postal ballot,” it said in a statement.
Also, the board has approved to infuse additional capital of Rs 58.34 crore by way of equity in its subsidiary compnay IDBI Asset Management to meet its growth requirements.
At 13:31 hrs IDBI Bank was quoting at Rs 63.45, up Rs 0.80, or 1.28 percent on the BSE.
 

Top buzzing midcap stocks to trade on September 29Sep 29, 2014, 03.04 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Top buzzing midcap stocks to trade on September 29
Here are a few top buzzing midcap stocks picked by CNBC-TV18's analysts in trade today. We have Sun Pharma, Thomas Cook, Cox & Kings, Valecha Engineering, Mayur Uniquoters and Strides Arcolab.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Top buzzing midcap stocks to trade on September 29
Here are a few top buzzing midcap stocks picked by CNBC-TV18's analysts in trade today. We have Sun Pharma, Thomas Cook, Cox & Kings, Valecha Engineering, Mayur Uniquoters and Strides Arcolab.
Post your opinion here

Tourism stocks rally  Modi grants lifetime visas for PIOsSep 29, 2014, 12.55 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Tourism stocks rally, Modi grants lifetime visas for PIOs
Modi announced merger of PIO and Overseas Citizens of India schemes to facilitate hassle-free travel to the Indian diaspora. PIO card holders staying in India on long-term basis will no longer have to report to the local police station.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Tourism stocks rally, Modi grants lifetime visas for PIOs
Modi announced merger of PIO and Overseas Citizens of India schemes to facilitate hassle-free travel to the Indian diaspora. PIO card holders staying in India on long-term basis will no longer have to report to the local police station.
Post your opinion here
 
Tourism stocks are celebrating Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s speech at the Madison Square Garden. Stocks like Cox & Kings ,  Thomas Cook and  Mahindra Holidays were up 5-10 percent intraday on Monday after Modi told a rapturous crowd of NRIs that Persons of Indian Origin (PIO) cardholders will get lifetime Indian visa and that American tourists will be given visa on arrival.
He announced merger of PIO and Overseas Citizens of India schemes to facilitate hassle-free travel to the Indian diaspora. PIO card holders staying in India on long-term basis will no longer have to report to the local police station.
Prime Minister Modi affirmed that India will move ahead at a rapid pace and lead the 21st Century world.
At the unique event in the heart of Manhattan at which some 20,000 cheering NRIs were present, Modi said that his big win in the Lok Sabha elections had come with a big responsibility for him which he would fulfill.
Listing out India's advantages, the Prime Minister said that its three strengths were democracy, demographic dividend in which 65 per cent of its population was under 35 years, and the demand for India because it was a huge market.
At 11:49 hrs Cox & Kings was at Rs 315.45, up Rs 23.75, or 8.14 percent, Thomas Cook (India) was at Rs 145.85, up Rs 9.60, or 7.05 percent while Mahindra Holidays and Resorts India was at Rs 286.50, up Rs 10.95, or 3.97 percent on the BSE.
(With inputs from PTI)

Can boredom make you a better workerSurprising Studies Show How Boredom Can Make You A Better Worker
By Aaron Taube | Business Insider –  Wed 10 Sep, 2014 12:58 AM IST
Daniel Goodman / Business Insider
Two recent studies suggest boredom could lead to creativity.
A silver lining for bored office workers everywhere: trudging through your most tedious tasks could ultimately make you more creative.
In a blog post for the Harvard Business Review, Oral Roberts University professor David Burkus highlights two recent studies that suggest that being bored can improve people's abilities to solve problems and make connections between different ideas.
In one, published this past May by the Creativity Research Journal, two professors from the University of Central Lancashire had 80 participants come up with as many uses as possible for a pair of plastic cups, an exercise designed to test their creativity.
What they found was that a group of subjects who had been forced to complete the boring task of copying numbers out of a phone book prior to taking the test outperformed those who had not.
This suggests that people in a state of boredom are more able to come up with a variety of possible outcomes for a single problem, a kind of creativity known as divergent thinking.
In a later round of the study, the professors asked a third group of subjects to simply read the phone book before doing a creative task, and that group outperformed both the group that had to write numbers down and the one that was not required to perform a prior exercise.
Also See: Best jobs in India for lazy people
Be a Secret Shopper:
There is a growing trend of secret shopping for which big brand stores are in hunt of secret shoppers. Those who love to shop or eat at restaurants would specially love doing this ... more 
Be a Secret Shopper:
There is a growing trend of secret shopping for which big brand stores are in hunt of secret shoppers. Those who love to shop or eat at restaurants would specially love doing this job. You would require to shop or eat and then share the experience (from the merchandise or food to the quality of service provided by employees). less 
1 / 17

Centre mulls training youth in food processing sectorCentre mulls training youth in food processing sector
Our Bureau
Ms Harsimrat Kaur Badal, Union Minister for Food Processing Industries at the sixth Assocham International Summit on Food Processing in Ahmedabad on Monday.
Will work for skill development of 10,000 youth every year, says Minister
Ahmedabad, Sept 29:  
Eyeing greater employment generation in the food processing industry, the Central government is considering to equip youth with required skills by providing training to about 10,000 youth every year. The training of youth will take place in consultation with the industry and with support from National Skill Development Corporation.
The Ministry of Food Processing Industries has initiated measures to identify the areas where the industry lacks skilled workforce.
“In order make available the skilled manpower for the growing food processing industry the Ministry has decided to work towards training youth as per the requirement of the industry. Initially, every year about 10,000 youth will be provided training or skill upgradation to suite food processing sector,” said Harsimrat Kaur Badal, Union Minister for Food Processing Industries.
Under the first stage, ten sub-sectors like fruits, meat, dairy among others have been identified, following which NSDC will identify the skill areas to be selected for training.
Speaking at the sixth international summit on Food Processing, organised by Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India (Assocham) in Ahmedabad, the Minister maintained that food processing industry has the potential to uplift farmers’ livelihood and improve their earnings. “It will also reduce wastage and improve the availability of commodities, which will eventually result into reduction in inflation,” added Kaur, who released a knowledge report on Indian Food Processing Industry, “FAD: The Golden Horizon””, prepared by consulting firm RNCOS.
According to the report, employment in registered food processing units is set to increase from 1.78 million in 2011-12 to 2.75 million by 2019-20. India’s food processing industry is likely to touch about Rs 1,164,000 crore by 2015, and Rs 1,650,000 crore by 2020, the report stated.
Ajit Kumar, vice-chancellor, National Institute of Food Technology Entrepreneurship and Management maintained that over the next couple of years, the food processing industry will grow at the faster pace than any other sector in the economy. “Against the current growth of over 10 per cent, the industry will achieve a growth of about 15-16 per cent in the next two years. We will see more foreign investment coming in this sector,” he said.
Major contributor to the growth of food processing industry will be processing of fruit and vegetables and ethnic and regional foods. “We will see more growth in the processing of ethnic foods like khakhra from Gujarat and idli from the south. Foreign investors may attract more for investments in ethnic food processing,” said Kumar.
(This article was published on September 29, 2014)
Related

Travel stocks soar as PM eases visa rulesTravel stocks soar as PM eases visa rules
BS Reporter |  Sep 29, 2014 10:47 PM IST
Stocks of travel companies such as Thomas Cook and Cox & Kings soared on Monday, following Prime Minister Narendra Modi announcing a visa-on-arrival facility for US tourists. Modi had made the announcement during his address at Madison Square Garden, New York on Sunday. While the Cox & Kings stock closed 11 per cent higher at Rs 324 on BSE, Thomas Cook closed at Rs 143.95, up 5.7 per cent. Mahindra Holidays and Resorts rose 7.4 per cent to Rs 295.85, while Sterling Holiday Resorts, a Thomas Cook subsidiary, closed at Rs 155.30, up 1.7 per cent.
“Modi’s speech at Madison Square Garden was positive for the tourism sector. Though it will not happen immediately, the number of tourists from the US could see a steady increase because the government is looking to remove the hurdles they face,” said Alex Mathew, head of research, Geojit BNP Paribas Financial Services.
In his speech, Modi announced lifetime visas to Person of Indian Origin (PIO) card holders. The prime minister also said PIO cards would be merged with Overseas Citizen of India cards, doing away with the complications arising out of issuing visas to different categories of citizens.
Modi also promised to provide a visa-on-arrival facility for tourists from the US. Many say this will be a huge boost for the sector and companies catering to such tourists. According to an Indian Bureau of Immigration survey, in 2013, the US accounted for 15.6 per cent of all foreign tourists visiting India that year. But not all market participants and analysts are convinced. Experts argue ease of travel to a country is the third-most important factor when it comes to deciding which country to visit. “The first aspect visitors look at is the destination’s attractiveness, which is in India’s favour. This is followed by safety. The past year has not been good for Indian tourism because of political, social and economic concerns, which reduced India’s attractiveness as a tourist destination,” said Daljeet Singh Kohli, head of research, IndiaNivesh Securities.
He said the visa-on-arrival facility wouldn’t be of much help in drawing tourists, aging better governance and a stable and growing economy would. “Markets are connecting the development expected in the country to the growth of tourism. While the sector is expected to grow, markets have factored in a little too much,” he said.

Modi  very good event manager   but got  carried away  in US: Congress10
0
New Delhi: Congress on Monday said Prime Minister Narendra Modi has proved himself a "very good event manager" but got "carried away" on his visit to the USA even as it charged that he was "diluting" the legacy of Mahatma Gandhi.
The party, however, at the same time praised Modi for his speech at United Nations in which he had given a strong response to Pakistan's criticism of India on the Jammu and Kashmir issue.
"When the Prime Minister of India speaks on Mahatma Gandhi on foreign soil, he must not dilute and shrink what all Gandhi stood for. It is sad that it is happening. He should remember Gandhi had also stood for simplicity. Gandhi also believed in non-violence. One does not emulate Gandhi by seeking to become a fashion icon and a rockstar changing eight designer suits as Gandhi always put on half a dhoti," senior Congress spokesperson Anand Sharma said.
"Modi appeared to have been carried away. People of India elected a prime minister to represent India. But he has lived up to the words of his own mentor, LK Advani, of being a very good event promoter, event manager," Anand Sharma said.
#congress #modi #narendra modi #modi meets america
Accusing BJP of "always criticising and castigating" Manmohan Singh when he was the prime minister in the previous UPA government, Sharma claimed that Congress had been holding back "until Prime Minister (Modi) made insulting references to the previous government and his predecessors by ridiculing their work".
"It is always expected that a Prime Minister representing 1.2 billion people will get a good reception and audience among the 3.5 million-strong Indian diaspora living in America and Canada. He appeared to have been carried away. People of India elected a prime minister to represent India. But he has lived up to the words of his own mentor, LK Advani, of being a very good event promoter, event manager," Sharma said.
The former commerce minister said it would have been good had Modi been "gracious enough to acknowledge the role of many of his predecessors instead of ridiculing and insulting them" when he referred to India's notable achievements in the last 60 years.
At an official party briefing, Congress spokesman Raj Babbar said that when Modi talked of India's transition from being a "country of snakes" to that of mouse wielding youngsters, he had praised the contributions of former prime minister the late Rajiv Gandhi in ushering in an IT revolution in the country.

Elsa from Frozen has conquered the box office. Now shes poised to conquer Christmas.By Sarah Halzack September 29 Follow @sarahhalzack
The Disney “Frozen” Snow Glow Elsa Doll is expected to be the most-coveted toy of the 2014 holiday season. (Courtesy of Toys R Us)
Nearly every holiday shopping season has a must-have toy that parents scramble to get under the Christmas tree — a Tickle-Me Elmo, Furby, or Zhu Zhu Pet that sends them on a desperate cross-county mall expedition or a last-minute eBay hunt.
This year, forecasters expect the hottest holiday toy to be one based on the silver screen: Make way for the Snow Glow Elsa Doll, a 15-inch version of the heroine from Disney’s smash hit “Frozen” that costs $39.99, sports a light-up dress and a “magical snowflake necklace” and belts out the film’s anthemic ballad, “Let it Go.”
While Elsa is expected to reign supreme at the cash register, toy sellers and analysts say that many other must-have toys this year also will have tie-ins to some of the year’s biggest movies, including blockbusters such as “Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles,” “The Lego Movie” and “Transformers: Age of Extinction.”
As the lines blur between screen time and playtime, toy makers and media companies are finding that there’s lucrative business in building a beloved character that kids can enjoy everywhere: on tablet apps, DVDs and as a life-like toy.
“It really just shows that what kids watch, they inevitably want to interact with,” said Matthew Hudak, a toy industry analyst for Euromonitor International.
Stores such as Toys R Us and Wal-Mart are hoping that these movie-themed toys will help them deliver strong holiday sales in a retail environment that economists and retailers say is likely to be characterized by deep discounts and fierce price competition.
Richard Barry, the chief merchandising officer at Toys R Us, said that the anticipated popularity of movie-inspired toys is in part based on the popularity of this year’s slate of kid-focused films. But, he said, toy manufacturers also have become more innovative and made their toys more life-like.
“That is the secret here, the fact that you can bring to life in a very clear way the essence of the characters that are in the movie,” Barry said. “That’s what makes this a much more impactful part of our business this year.”
Take Disney’s Infinity Marvel Super Heroes 2.0 Starter Pack.  It includes three action figures and a video game. When you place the chip-enabled action figure on a special base attached to a gaming console, the character becomes part of the onscreen action. The game includes characters from “Guardians of the Galaxy” and other popular Marvel Comics films.
Disney Infinity Marvel Super Heroes 2.0 Starter Park. (Courtesy of Toys R Us)
Perhaps the clearest sign this year of the synergy between the box office and toy store shelves has been the surge of Lego, the Danish company whose building blocks have been a fixture in playrooms for decades.
“The Lego Movie” has raked in $258 million in the United States, making it the third-highest grossing film this year. Amid the movie’s massive popularity, the toymaker’s sales surged 11 percent in the first six months of the year, allowing it to pass rival Mattel in sales and profits for the first time ever to become the world’s largest toymaker. Lego already has more films planned in the franchise, with a sequel expected to hit theaters in May 2017.
This holiday season, Toys R Us expects the Lego Fusion Town Master to be among its most coveted items. Aimed at 7- to 12-year-olds, the set allows kids to build stores and fire stations and then manage their creations with a smartphone or tablet app.
“Frozen” opened in November 2013, too late to pick up enough steam before last year’s holiday shopping frenzy to land on many kids’ Christmas lists. But now that it has become the fifth-highest-grossing movie of all time, expect plenty of requests for Elsa and her sister, Anna, not only in doll form, but tiaras, singalong boomboxes and nail polish sets.
“With Anna and Elsa, as prepared as retailers are for the holiday rush for these products, they’re still going to find themselves short,” said Laurie Schact, chief toy officer at Adventure Publishing, a company that publishes trade magazines for the toy industry. “It’s a phenomenon.”
While “Frozen” brought a fresh set of characters to the big screen, some of this year’s most popular movies brought back franchises that today’s parents recognize from their childhoods.
Those, too, are expected to be big sellers at the toy store as nostalgic adults gravitate toward toys that bring back fond memories. Toys R Us, for example, is betting that Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Stretch N Shout action figures will be a big seller this year. The dolls shout catchphrases from the movie when you pull their stretchy arms.
There’s also the Transformers Age of Extinction Optimus Prime action figure , which Kmart says “comes loaded with smack talk and a sword.”
And for toymakers and sellers, a steady stream of films from one franchise can buoy interest in a single character for a long time.
“The toys are now evergreen, and every time a new movie is released, it brings interest back to the property as a whole,” Schact said.
And with new movies in the “Star Wars” and Marvel Comics franchises expected next year, it seems likely that Hollywood will continue to have a strong influence on toy store shelves in the near future.
Sarah Halzack is The Washington Post's national retail reporter. She has previously covered the local job market and the business of talent and hiring. She has also served as a Web producer for business and economic news.

A secretive German conglomerate is on a mission to control your breakfastA coffee/bagel monolith. (AP Photo/Ed Andrieski)
SHARE
Max Nisen @MaxNisen
September 29, 2014
If coffee or a bagel are a frequent part of your breakfast, there’s a good chance that J.A.B. Holding Company (formerly Joh. A. Benckiser), a German conglomerate run on behalf of the four very private  multi-billionaire Reimann siblings , will have a hand in your morning meal.
The company announced today that it would buy Einstein Noah (paywall) , America’s largest retail bagel chain for about $374 million, on the heels of several large deals that left it in charge of one of the world’s largest global coffee empires.
Einstein Noah is a public company that owns Einstein Bros. Bagels, Noah’s New York Bagels, and Manhattan Bagel. It’s dwarfed by competitors Dunkin Donuts and Starbucks, which have entered the bagel game , but remains much larger than any other bagel-only chain. As of July 2014, it had 857 total stores including those that are franchised or licensed. It will be run as a stand-alone company within the conglomerate.
The company’s coffee presence is much more impressive. First came a billion dollar buyout of West Coast favorite Peet’s coffee in late 2012, followed by a $340 million purchase of a majority stake in Caribou Coffee in early 2013. Later that year, the company made a nearly $10 billion megadeal for coffee giant Douwe Egberts. And last year, it paid $5 billion for a majority stake in a company combining Douwe Egberts and Mondelez’s coffee brands into Jacobs Douwe Egberts.
Leaving aside Peet’s and Caribou, J.A.B. controls a company with more than 15% of the coffee retail market by retail value, second only to Nestle. J.A.B. is the  largest by retail volume  according to last year’s figures (Nestle trumps J.A.B. in the value of coffee sold because of its Nespresso business, which costs more than brewed coffee by volume):
In Einstein Noah, J.A.B. is taking on something of a challenge. Bagels are now omnipresent, available frozen, at just about any coffee chain, and as part of a fast food breakfast. The company has been struggling somewhat; sales are flat and growth sluggish as it attempts a turnaround plan.
Hedge fund manager David Einhorn, the company’s biggest shareholder, plans to approve the deal.
J.A.B. isn’t a typical investment vehicle. Rather than just taking large stakes in big companies (its majority stake in beauty company Coty being the exception), or flipping businesses for a profit, the firm tends to buy companies or brands in their entirety, not just food but also luxury brands like Jimmy Choo and Bally, and run them. Instead of investment managers, it’s led by three high profile CEOs.
J.A.B. seems to be betting on breakfast as a long term winner, this deal raises its total breakfast and coffee investments to more than $15 billion.
Share this:

What you need to know about the womans heart attackWhat you need to know about the ‘woman’s heart attack’
Written by
September 29, 2014
It may still be a man's world, but not when it comes to your heart.(Reuters/Juan Carlos Ulate)
SHARE
Zainab Mudallal @Zainab_Mudallal
September 29, 2014
Recent attention to the dearth of women in US clinical trials has revealed a startling problem in the medical world: Women make up  less than a quarter  (paywall) of participants in research trials related to heart disease in the US. As a result, most of what we know about heart disease is about men. Adding  to ongoing efforts  by the American Heart Association, the US National Institutes of Health has set aside  $10 million in grants to tackle the problem with more women-specific research and public awareness.
Recent studies  have revealed that heart attacks are on the rise in women, and yet  just 8% of women said they knew cardiovascular disease, not breast cancer, is the leading cause of death in women, killing 1 in 4 in the US.  In fact, women who experience heart attacks are more likely to die within a year, compared to men.
The classic “Hollywood” heart attack  (paywall), involving crushing or squeezing chest pain, difficulty breathing, and sudden collapse, is often perceived to be the norm. But the truth is, the symptoms women experience are quite different. Instead of sharp chest pain, women are more likely to feel tired and short of breath, and experience pain in the neck, jaw, throat or back . Seventy-one percent of women experience extreme weakness, which often feels like the flu .

Theatres cancel shows on Tuesday as Tamil Nadu film industry plans hunger strike in solidarity with JayalalithaaSep 29, 2014 at 07:12pm IST
Theatres cancel shows on Tuesday as Tamil Nadu film industry plans hunger strike in solidarity with Jayalalithaa
12
0
Chennai: The Tamil Nadu film industry will not showcase any movie on Tuesday across theatres in the state in solidarity with Jayalalithaa, the ex-Chief Minister and former actress, who was convicted in a disproportionate assets case on Saturday, September 27, by a Bangalore court and sentenced to four years in jail.
The Tamil Film Exhibitors Association has said it will go on a fast on Tuesday in protest against the sentencing. Members of Tamil Film Producers Council (TPFC) and South Indian Artists Association (SIAA) have also backed the hunger strike.
A PTI report said that the protest will be held at Chepauk from 9 am to 6 pm.
Jayalalithaa was convicted in a disproportionate assets case on Saturday by a Bangalore court and sentenced to four years in jail.
#jayalalithaa #disproportionate assets case #tamil nadu #tamil nadu film industry
Jayalalithaa, her aide Sasikala and two others were found guilty in the 66.65 crore case and fined by the court. While the AIADMK chief was asked to pay Rs 100 crore, the three others were fined Rs 10 crore each.
The state witnessed numerous suicide attempts and deaths soon after the judgment. Some reports said that a total of 16 persons had committed suicide or died of cardiac arrest across the state.
Jayalalithaa, meanwhile, has applied for bail. She filed two petitions in the Karnataka High Court on Monday; one for suspension of her punishment and the other seeking a stay on the state government's move to confiscate her properties.
The AIADMK elected Jayalalithaa's right-hand man O Panneerselvam to take over the reins of the government in her absence. Panneerselvam, who broke down as he took the oath on Monday, made no changes in the portfolios, keeping home, finance and public affairs with himself.
This is Panneerselvam's second stint as the CM. In 2001, Jayalalithaa handpicked him to fill her shoes when she was convicted in the TANSI land scam. The trusted Jayalalithaa loyalist refused to sit in her chair saying it belonged to his 'revered' leader.
With inputs from PTI

Towards Digital India: One positive step at a timeA file photo of students at IIIT, Hyderabad. Photo: Mint
The prime minister recently announced the exciting Digital India programme (DIP).
However, there are three things: one, there is nothing new except that it is repackaged into one brand name; secondly, it should have been called “Digital Bharat” rather than Digital India; thirdly, we at Digital Empowerment Foundation felt elated that two of its three words—digital and empowerment—have been used in the programme details several times.
First of all, what is DIP? The official material says, “Digital India—A programme to transform India into digitally empowered society and knowledge economy”. It further claims, “Digital India aims to provide the much needed thrust to the nine pillars of growth areas, namely: Broadband Highways, Universal Access to Mobile Connectivity, Public Internet Access Programme, e-Governance—Reforming Government through Technology, e-Kranti—Electronic Delivery of Services, Information for All, Electronics Manufacturing, IT for Jobs, and Early Harvest Programmes”. Out of nine, four are about the Internet and access, which also means that universal web access must be a human right.
In fact, my understanding is that unless I have access, I cannot exercise any of my existing rights.
Among its three vision areas, the first is “Infrastructure as Utility to Every Citizen”, which pledges to deliver: high-speed Internet in all gram panchayats; cradle-to-grave digital identity; mobile phone and bank account; and shareable private space on a public cloud.
My take is that this may not happen as long as BSNL is one of the players—remove it, or change the entire set of employees on the ground, or hand over laying of National Optic Fibre Network to the private sector. Besides, broadband to all can happen overnight, if Internet Service Provider (ISP) licences are given to very small entities, including non-government organizations at the grassroots.
For digital identity, I would suggest UIDAI work with all similar entities gathering citizen information, including all telcos. We’re already moving to make every mobile a bank account, so financial inclusion is soon going to be complete.
For “shareable private space on a public cloud”, I would suggest compelling every elected official to join the virtual space and open that up to public access and scrutiny.
The second vision area of DIP is“governance and services on demand”. This is not possible unless we have access for all—even with mobile, no more than half the population has access. Besides, all mobile networks have to become at least 3G-capable. The decision to make all government departments and documents digital must create space and scope to create rural business process outsourcing at block and tehsil levels. The third vision of DIP is “digital empowerment of citizens”, which includes universal digital literacy; making all digital resources universally accessible; all government documents/certificates to be available on the cloud; availability of digital resources/services in Indian languages; collaborative digital platforms for participative governance; portability of all entitlements for individuals through the cloud.
This is like a dream come true but won’t happen if the approach is populist. For example, free distribution of gadgets won’t bring universal access or digital literacy, but may bring in some votes. Most appropriate approach could be to target institutionally. All 3 million elected panchayat members, all 7 million teachers in government schools and all 2 million health workers and municipality staff must be made digitally literate at first. The Rs.100 crore budget for making one million people digitally literate is just not enough.
However, making all government entitlements available on the cloud is a great move if it is multilingual and mobile-enabled.
I would urge the private sector to read the DIP document and see how it can align its corporate social responsibility with the targets. Otherwise, DIP will remain a pipe dream.
Osama Manzar is founder-director of the Digital Empowerment Foundation and chair of Manthan Award. He is also a member of working group for IT for masses at the ministry of communication and IT. Tweet him @osamamanzar

Commerce minister plans smartphone apps for exporters  importersA file photo of students at IIIT, Hyderabad. Photo: Mint
The prime minister recently announced the exciting Digital India programme (DIP).
However, there are three things: one, there is nothing new except that it is repackaged into one brand name; secondly, it should have been called “Digital Bharat” rather than Digital India; thirdly, we at Digital Empowerment Foundation felt elated that two of its three words—digital and empowerment—have been used in the programme details several times.
First of all, what is DIP? The official material says, “Digital India—A programme to transform India into digitally empowered society and knowledge economy”. It further claims, “Digital India aims to provide the much needed thrust to the nine pillars of growth areas, namely: Broadband Highways, Universal Access to Mobile Connectivity, Public Internet Access Programme, e-Governance—Reforming Government through Technology, e-Kranti—Electronic Delivery of Services, Information for All, Electronics Manufacturing, IT for Jobs, and Early Harvest Programmes”. Out of nine, four are about the Internet and access, which also means that universal web access must be a human right.
In fact, my understanding is that unless I have access, I cannot exercise any of my existing rights.
Among its three vision areas, the first is “Infrastructure as Utility to Every Citizen”, which pledges to deliver: high-speed Internet in all gram panchayats; cradle-to-grave digital identity; mobile phone and bank account; and shareable private space on a public cloud.
My take is that this may not happen as long as BSNL is one of the players—remove it, or change the entire set of employees on the ground, or hand over laying of National Optic Fibre Network to the private sector. Besides, broadband to all can happen overnight, if Internet Service Provider (ISP) licences are given to very small entities, including non-government organizations at the grassroots.
For digital identity, I would suggest UIDAI work with all similar entities gathering citizen information, including all telcos. We’re already moving to make every mobile a bank account, so financial inclusion is soon going to be complete.
For “shareable private space on a public cloud”, I would suggest compelling every elected official to join the virtual space and open that up to public access and scrutiny.
The second vision area of DIP is“governance and services on demand”. This is not possible unless we have access for all—even with mobile, no more than half the population has access. Besides, all mobile networks have to become at least 3G-capable. The decision to make all government departments and documents digital must create space and scope to create rural business process outsourcing at block and tehsil levels. The third vision of DIP is “digital empowerment of citizens”, which includes universal digital literacy; making all digital resources universally accessible; all government documents/certificates to be available on the cloud; availability of digital resources/services in Indian languages; collaborative digital platforms for participative governance; portability of all entitlements for individuals through the cloud.
This is like a dream come true but won’t happen if the approach is populist. For example, free distribution of gadgets won’t bring universal access or digital literacy, but may bring in some votes. Most appropriate approach could be to target institutionally. All 3 million elected panchayat members, all 7 million teachers in government schools and all 2 million health workers and municipality staff must be made digitally literate at first. The Rs.100 crore budget for making one million people digitally literate is just not enough.
However, making all government entitlements available on the cloud is a great move if it is multilingual and mobile-enabled.
I would urge the private sector to read the DIP document and see how it can align its corporate social responsibility with the targets. Otherwise, DIP will remain a pipe dream.
Osama Manzar is founder-director of the Digital Empowerment Foundation and chair of Manthan Award. He is also a member of working group for IT for masses at the ministry of communication and IT. Tweet him @osamamanzar

Snapdeal ties up with SMB body to aid entrepreneursE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Mangalyaan sends picture of dust storm activities on MarsComments
India's Mars orbiter has sent a picture of regional dust storm activities over the northern hemisphere of the Red Planet, Isro said on Monday.
"Regional dust storm activities over northern hemisphere of Mars - captured by Mars Color Camera on-board Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM)", Bangalore-headquartered Indian Space Research Organisation (Isro) said on its official Facebook page with a picture.
It said the image was taken from an altitude of 74,500 kms from the surface of Mars.
Something's brewing here! pic.twitter.com/ecX1t6onXp
— ISRO's Mars Orbiter (@MarsOrbiter) September 29, 2014
MOM spacecraft had sent its first images of the planet on Thursday, a day after creating history by becoming the only such endeavour so far to have met with success on the maiden attempt.
MOM aims to study the Martian surface and mineral composition and scan its atmosphere for methane, an indicator of life.
The spacecraft is equipped with five instruments, including a sensor to track methane or marsh gas, a colour camera and a thermal-imaging spectrometer to map the surface and mineral wealth of the planet.
The Rs. 450-crore MOM is the cheapest inter-planetary mission. India is the first country to reach Mars in the very first attempt. European, American and Russian probes have managed to orbit or land on the planet, but after several attempts.
The orbiter will keep moving in an elliptical path for at least six months with its instruments sending their gleanings back home.
The spacecraft was launched on its nine-month-long odyssey on a homegrown PSLV rocket from Sriharikota in Andhra Pradesh on November 5, last year. It had escaped the Earth's gravitational field on December 1 and was placed in the Martian orbit on September 24.

John Oliver on Modi: You re a clichejohn oliver on modi: you re a cliche
Defiant Hong Kong crowds leave police in abindRiot police fire tear gas on student protesters occupying streets in Hong Kong early Monday. Source: AP
New York Times | Hong Kong | Posted: September 30, 2014 3:24 am
A wave of protests in Hong Kong extended into the working week on Monday as thousands of residents defied a government call to abandon street blockades across the city, students boycotted classes and the city’s influential bar association added to condemnation of a police crackdown on protesters a day earlier.
Continued public resistance underscored difficulties that the Hong Kong government faces in defusing widespread anger that erupted on Sunday, after the police used tear gas, pepper spray and batons to break up a three-day sit-in by students and other residents demanding democratic elections in the semi-autonomous Chinese territory.
On Monday afternoon, the Hong Kong government canceled the city’s annual fireworks show to mark China’s National Day, which falls on Wednesday — an implicit acknowledgment that officials expect protests to continue for days.
The police crackdown Sunday not only failed to dislodge protesters from a major thoroughfare in the heart of Hong Kong but appeared Monday to have motivated more people to join the student-led protests. A government announcement that the riot police had been withdrawn from the protest centers also seemed to open the door to growing demonstrations. The number of protesters, which had ebbed overnight, swelled again by midday Monday, as office workers in slacks and dress shirts mixed with crowds of students in black T-shirts.
Many of the new arrivals said they were angered by police actions Sunday, which they called excessive.
“This morning I was happy to see that they stayed and insisted on continuing the protest,” said Cindy Sun, a 30-year-old bank worker
Demonstrators were also blocking major streets in the busy shopping district of Causeway Bay and in Mongkok in Kowloon, one of the world’s most densely packed places.
Earlier Monday, the government said it pulled back riot police from areas where roads were being blocked. It urged demonstrators to end street sit-ins so that life in this busy commercial city could return to normal. But in Admiralty, home to government offices and a focus of demonstrators’ anger, many protesters said they were determined to stay until city’s top leader, Leung Chun-ying, resigned and answered demands for democratic elections to choose his successor.
 

Air India to withdraw performancepayPrint
Mumbai | Posted: September 30, 2014 3:24 am
Employees of Air India are likely to undergo another round of pay cuts, after their salaries were trimmed by 25% in July 2012.
The airline, which has been struggling with mounting losses, has decided to do away with performance-linked incentives (PLI), which account for a significant portion of employees’ remuneration. The company’s management hopes to implement the decision to withdraw such incentives, currently given to all of its 13,500 employees, by the end of the calendar year, according to a senior Air India executive who declined to be identified.
The official said that since Air India wasn’t making any profits, it made no sense to continue doling out performance-linked rewards to employees. At public sector undertakings like Air India, performance-linked incentives are linked to the profits made by the company.
“We will consider restoring performance-linked incentives once we start making profits again,” the official said.
The notification of the new pay structure, which excludes these incentives, has been issued and the new structure has already been implemented for the so-called general category employees, which include technicians, workmen and others.
The airline’s management will be speaking to the multiple employee unions at Air India to take them into confidence regarding the merits of the step being taken, and is prepared to face resistance to the decision from these representative bodies, the Air India official said. Air India has at least 10 employees’ unions.
Performance-linked incentives can constitute up to 40% of an employee’s overall remuneration at Air India, and vary from person to person depending on factors like seniority and responsibilities, two Air India employees told FE on the condition of anonymity.
“The takehome salaries of employees will be affected due to the management’s decision,” one of the airline’s employees said.
Salaries paid to pilots and cabin crew constitute 60-70% of Air India’s total employee costs. The average salary that a co-pilot or a first officer earns is around Rs 1.5-3.5 lakh per month while a captain or a commander earns around Rs 5.6-7 lakh per month, one of the airline officials cited earlier said.
The senior Air India official quoted earlier said that the take-home salaries of employees could drop by 5-10%, depending on their position s and ranks, after these incentives were withdrawn.
A second senior Air India executive said that the wage bill of the airline, estimated to be at Rs 3,100 crore in 2013-14, will reduce significantly after these performance-linked incentives are removed. But the reduction in payroll costs will not be visible in 2014-15 since the company will have to account for employees’ entitlements arising from settlements on account of factors like voluntary retirement.
Air India had a debt of over Rs 44,000 crore as on March 31 and it hasn’t posted an annual profit since its merger with Indian Airlines in 2007. The airline is expected to post an operating loss of Rs 1,235 crore in FY15, down from the Rs 2,012-crore loss it posted in fy14. A third Air India executive had told FE earlier that the net loss of the airline is estimated to continued…

Chalein Saath Saath  says the vision statement for US-India strategicpartnershipNarendra Modi (2nd R) attends a breakfast meeting with CEOs in Manhattan, New York. (Reuters)
Express News Service | Washington | Posted: September 30, 2014 7:41 am | Updated: September 30, 2014 8:48 am
“Chalein Saath Saath, forward together we go”, is how the India-US joint vision statement, released after Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s meeting with President Barack Obama, begins. “As leaders of two great democratic nations with diverse traditions and faiths, we share a vision for a partnership in which the United States and India work together, not just for the benefit of both our nations, but for the benefit of the world,” it goes on to add.
The statement says both countries will support an “open and inclusive rules-based global order, in which India assumes greater multilateral responsibility, including in a reformed United Nations Security Council”. The full statement is below:
“Chalein Saath Saath: Forward Together We Go”
Chalein Saath Saath, forward together we go. As leaders of two great democratic nations with diverse traditions and faiths, we share a vision for a partnership in which the United States and India work together, not just for the benefit of both our nations, but for the benefit of the world.
 
We have vastly different histories, but both our founders sought to guarantee freedoms that allow our citizens to determine their own destiny and pursue their personal aspirations. Our strategic partnership rests on our shared mission to provide equal opportunity for our people through democracy and freedom.
READ:  Clintons meet Narendra Modi
The currents of kinship and commerce, scholarship and science tie our countries together. They allow us to rise above differences by maintaining the long-term perspective. Every day, in myriad ways, our cooperation fortifies a relationship that matches the innumerable ties between our peoples, who have produced works of art and music, invented cutting-edge technology, and responded to crises across the globe.
Our strategic partnership is a joint endeavor for prosperity and peace. Through intense consultations, joint exercises, and shared technology, our security cooperation will make the region and the world safe and secure. Together, we will combat terrorist threats and keep our homelands and citizens safe from attacks, while we respond expeditiously to humanitarian disasters and crises. We will prevent the spread of weapons of mass destruction, and remain committed to reducing the salience of nuclear weapons, while promoting universal, verifiable, and non-discriminatory nuclear disarmament.
We will support an open and inclusive rules-based global order, in which India assumes greater multilateral responsibility, including in a reformed United Nations Security Council. At the United Nations and beyond, our close coordination will lead to a more secure and just world.
Climate change threatens both our countries, and we will join together to mitigate its impact and adapt to our changing environment. We will address the consequences continued…

Sri Lankas Prevention of Terrorism Act should be repealed Updated: September 30, 2014 07:37 IST
‘Sri Lanka’s Prevention of Terrorism Act should be repealed’  
Meera Srinivasan
The Hindu Participants of the 'Free Jeyakumari' campaign held in Colombo on Monday. Photo: Meera Srinivasan
TOPICS
demonstration
Civil society members and politicians came together at a campaign in Colombo, seeking the release of Balendran Jeyakumari, who was arrested by Sri Lanka’s Terrorism Investigation Division (TID) in March this year. They demanded that the Prevention of Terrorism Act (PTA) — under which Ms. Jeyakumari was detained — be repealed immediately.
It has been nearly 200 days since the TID arrested Ms. Jeyakumari in Kilinochchi, along with her teenaged daughter.  She was at the forefront in campaigns against involuntary disappearances, raising concern about her son who reportedly went missing in the final phase of the war. While the daughter is in probationary custody in a children’s home, Ms. Jeyakumari continues to be detained with no charges filed till date. At least 80 persons have been arrested under the PTA Act in Sri Lanka this year. 
Sri Lankan authorities have maintained that she harboured Selvanayagam Kajeepan alias Gobi, who allegedly tried reviving a network of the rebel Tigers. Gobi was also one of the three suspects that the Sri Lankan armed forces shot dead in April 2014 when they “attempted to escape”, according to the country’s army officials.
In what seemed like a counter campaign on Monday, a small group of persons identifying themselves as members of the ‘Patriotic National Movement’ gathered at the venue, outside Colombo’s Fort Railway station, holding posters that said Ms. Jeyakumari was a supporter of the LTTE and had to be detained.
They shouted slogans against her release, as participants of the “Free Jeyakumari” campaign — which had activists and some politicians — raised concern over the prolonged detention of Ms. Jeyakumari with no conclusive evidence to charge her.  
“The anti-terrorist legislation in this country is draconian, serving no purpose. If this lady is guilty, if there is evidence to charge her, why don’t they do so?” asked Paikiasothy Saravanamuttu, executive director of the Centre for Policy Alternatives, a nonprofit think tank based in Colombo. He said it was “absolutely scandalous” that people were held in detention without bringing them to court and letting the wheels of justice turn. “It goes against everything that we understand to be reconciliation, national unity.”
Senior lawyer and Tamil National Alliance (TNA) parliamentarian M.A. Sumanthiran said the PTA was a temporary provisions act introduced in 1978. “It is still in existence five years after the end of the war, which the government claims was against terrorism. We demand that it be repealed immediately,” he said, adding that it was the existence of such an act that made the detention of Ms. Jeyakumari and several others without charges possible.
Gajendrakumar Ponnambalam  of the Tamil National People’s Front (TNPF) said given that the issue of allegedly enforced disappearances had become a key issue in the ongoing international probe into Sri Lanka’s rights record, the government detained Ms. Jeyakumari for it feared she would testify at hearings in that regard.
A presidential commission — set up by President Mahinda Rajapaksa — tasked with inquiring into complaints regarding missing persons has so far received nearly 20,000 petitions from families of missing persons.

India  US release vision statement  Chalein saath  saathAhead of talks Modi, Obama say 'Chalein saath saath'
Yashwant Raj , Hindustan Times  Washington, September 30, 2014
First Published: 07:30 IST(30/9/2014) | Last Updated: 17:42 IST(30/9/2014)
India and the United States on Monday released a statement of their shared intent - called "Chalein saath, saath" - to forge a partnership that will be a model for the rest of the world.
With President @BarackObama . We had a wonderful meeting and talked about a wide range of issues. pic.twitter.com/MRDjEjujCn
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) September 30, 2014
The statement was issued as Prime Minister Narendra Modi arrived at the White House for a dinner hosted by President Barack Obama.
Read: Obama greets Modi with 'kem cho', has 'wonderful meeting'
"We have a vision that the United States and India will have a transformative relationship as trusted partners in the 21st century," said the paper, "Chalein Saath Saath: Forward Together We Go".
It read a bit like a joint statement, but was minus the officialese of one and, crucially, came ahead of the talks, instead of after, as the densely worded documents do typically.
Full text: Vision statement for the US-India strategic partnership
The 'Kem Chho?' moment: US President Barack Obama greets Narendra Modi at the White House.
"As leaders of two great democratic nations with diverse traditions and faiths, we share a vision for a partnership in which the United States and India work together, not just for the benefit of both our nations, but for the benefit of the world," the statement said.
Read: Obama, Modi may discuss human rights issues in summit talks
 
"Together, we will combat terrorist threats and keep our homelands and citizens safe from attacks, while we respond expeditiously to humanitarian disasters and crises, it added.
Later, Modi met Obama, Vice President Joe Biden and other key US officials at the White House for a private dinner, ahead of formal talks in the Oval Office on Tuesday.
Modi, Obama write joint editorial
US President Barack Obama and Prime Minister Narendra Modi have for the first time interacted digitally to come out with a joint editorial.
 
External Affairs Ministry Spokesperson said both Prime Minister Modi and President Obama have written a joint editorial in a US newspaper to be published Tuesday.
 
Officials on both sides have been very secretive about the joint op-ed and have not even disclosed the name of the newspaper that will publish it.
 
Watch: Modi-Obama issue 'Chalein Saath Saath' vision after dinner bonding
Asked how the two leaders collaborated to write the joint editorial, he said both PM Modi and President Obama are great votaries of digital diplomacy and therefore, it was very easy to digitally interact.
 
Asked if both the leaders were so active digitally why there was no exchange between the two on cyber space, he said "wait and watch".
 
He also said that this was for the first time that an Indian leader has ventured on the path of a joint editorial. Modi had written an editorial in Wall Street Journal before he headed to the US.
(With agency inputs)

Nothing changes: Jaya expected to run govt by remote controlprint
O Panneerselvam during the oath-taking ceremony
For the loyal soldiers of the Amma army in AIADMK, she is omnipotent and omnipresent. Her physical absence amounts to nothing as the party apparatus and the government machinery will function smoothly and do her bidding.
Nothing has changed, AIADMK government continues -- except in place of Jayalalithaa, her loyalist, O Pannerselvam, will be filling in for her. Her jail sentence in a disproportionate assets case will make no difference in governance delivery or style of governance.
The network of her trusted bureaucrats, who run the administration, is very much in place to guide new chief minister Panneerselvam. He himself would do nothing, either as CM or as party treasurer, without clearance from Jayalalithaa. In fact, so total and absolute is Amma’s control over the party apparatus that anyone stepping out of the line is unthinkable in AIADMK.
Read: Jayalalithaa sentenced to 4 years in jail; clashes in Tamil Nadu
AIADMK leaders were seen bowing even to the chopper carrying Amma after it took off at an election rally venue. Such is their reverence of Jayalalithaa.
A political analyst said, Amma’s control over party is absolute. “There is no vacuum. She is only jailed for four years. And she can come out clear as well, she is good fighter,” the analyst said adding “she is more dangerous for political foes from inside the jail.”
Sympathy factor could be something her political opponents would find hard to fight -- which the DMK knows so well. Which is why, it is petrified of making a loud statement about Amma’s current travails.
Meanwhile, in the aftermath of her arrest, Tamil Nadu on Monday too witnessed sporadic protests against Bangalore court judgement. Student bodies, lawyers, traders owing allegiance to AIADMK, held protest demonstrations in several places in the state.
In Chennai, a group of AIADMK MLAs began an indefinite hunger strike at Anna memorial. All the 30 ministers who were sworn in today participated in the protest before going for swearing in ceremony. The protests are slowly growing with different bodies announcing programmes.

Govt likely to repeal 987 outdated lawsGovt likely to repeal 987 outdated laws
Chetan Chauhan , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 29, 2014
First Published: 20:53 IST(29/9/2014) | Last Updated: 02:02 IST(30/9/2014)
By his own admission, Prime Minister Narendra Modi is “happiest” showing the door to laws that are of no use.
 
Accordingly, his government has put in motion a plan to repeal as many as 987 obsolete laws.   
 
The law ministry will bring a new bill in the winter session of Parliament to repeal 287 obsolete laws and junk about 700 Appropriation Acts that have lost relevance.
 
An Appropriation Act is passed by Parliament during budget session to allow the government to withdraw money from the exchequer for a financial year. The law has no utility after the next budget when a new Appropriation Act gets passed.
 
But, all Appropriation Acts, including those passed decades ago, are still a part of statute books.
 
“We plan to bring a bill to repeal 287 obsolete laws,” law minister Ravi Shankar Prasad told reporters on Monday. He added they were consulting the finance ministry on the law commission’s recommendation to repeal 700 Appropriation Acts.
 
The ministry is examining the British system of junking Appropriation Acts after some years.
 
Many of the laws listed for repealing are from the British era and have lost relevance.
 
The government has made its plan known a day after Modi told Indian-Americans at Madison Square Garden, “Earlier Indian governments spoke of having made this law and that law, but I have started ending laws which are of no use. So many laws... If I end one law a day, I will be the happiest.”
 
Here are some laws that govt wants out:
 
Forfeited Deposits Act, Act 25 of 1850
Category: Land Laws
 
This Act was enacted for the forfeiture to the Government of deposits made on incomplete sales of land made under Regulation VIII, 1819 of the Bengal Code (the Bengal Patni Taluks Regulation, 1819).
 
Since tenure-holders or patnidars were taking fraudulent advantage of this Regulation, this Act was introduced to counter the situation. The Regulation allowed forfeited deposits at land sales to be applied as purchase-money.
 
The Act instead provided that forfeited deposits were to be used towards the cost of sales, and the rest to be forfeited to Government. This Act is of no relevance after 1947.
 
Foreign Recruiting Act, Act 4 of 1874
Category: International Relations
 
This Act empowered the Government to issue an order that prevented the recruitment of Indians by a foreign State.
 
The Act confers a wide discretion on the Government to specify the conditions under
which persons may be barred from being recruited by a foreign State. According to the Law Commission, in its 43rd Report on Offences against National Security (1971), such wide discretion might potentially violate the constitutional guarantee to freedom of occupation under Article 19.
 
The 2nd Administrative Reforms Commission Report of 2006 has also observed that this Act is outdated. This Act has been recommended for repeal by the PC Jain Commission in its Appendix A-1.
 
Elephants’ Preservation Act, Act 6 of 1879
Category: Environmental Law
 
The Act makes it an offence to kill, injure or capture wild elephants except in cases of self-defence, or in accordance with a licence granted under the Act.
 
However, the Act imposes only an insignificant fine of Rs. 500 for its contravention, while a subsequent conviction attracts imprisonment for 6 months along with the fine.
 
The purpose of the Act is now subsumed by the Wildlife (Protection) Act, 1972 which has similar provisions on the prohibition of killing wild animals and on 26 procedures for licensing.
 
Elephants are included within the ambit of the 1972 Act, which also has more stringent penalties. Therefore the 1879 Act is redundant.
 

http://usat.ly/ZlXJUgFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Bank of America paying $7.65M to U.S.
The Securities and Exchange Commission says Bank of America will pay $7.65 million to settle allegations that it overstated how much capital it had on its books.
Post to Facebook
Bank of America paying $7.65M to U.S. The Securities and Exchange Commission says Bank of America will pay $7.65 million to settle allegations that it overstated how much capital it had on its books. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vqYVkL
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
1
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Bank of America paying $7.65M to U.S.
AP 8:32 p.m. EDT September 29, 2014
Bank of America's headquarters in Charlotte.
(Photo: Mario Tama, Getty Images)
7 CONNECT 22 TWEET LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
NEW YORK — The Securities and Exchange Commission says Bank of America will pay $7.65 million to settle allegations that it overstated how much capital it had on its books.
Bank of America Corp. said in April that it had made an error in how it how it valued securities obtained in its acquisition of Merrill Lynch during the financial crisis in 2009.
Banks are required to have capital buffers that are large enough to keep lending through another financial crisis. The Federal Reserve subjects the banks to annual "stress tests" to check on their condition.
Michigan-based Flagstar Bank fined for mortgage-processing failures http://t.co/IEXycRDs0y
— USA TODAY Money (@USATODAYmoney) September 29, 2014
The SEC says Bank of America overstated the amount of capital it had on hand, which means the data the Fed used in its testing of the bank was incorrect. The SEC says the size of the overstatement eventually reached the billions of dollars.
After the error was discovered, the second-largest U.S. bank had to submit a new capital plan to the Federal Reserve, delaying a planned stock buyback and an increase to its dividend. The new capital plan was approved in August, and Bank of America canceled the $4 billion stock buyback. It raised its dividend to 5 cents from 1 cent.
Bank of America declined comment on the latest penalty.
In August the Charlotte-based company agreed to a record $17 billion settlement with federal and state authorities over its role in the sale of mortgage-backed securities before the 2008 financial crisis. The agreement includes $10 billion in cash and $7 billion in consumer relief.
Shares of Bank of America lost 6 cents to $16.975 in afternoon trading Monday. Its shares had risen more than 9% so far this year through Friday's close.
7 CONNECT 22 TWEET LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Copyright 2014 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1vqYVkL
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

Stocks in news: Tata Chemicals  Shasun Pharma  IDFC  HDIL-Board approves opening of QIP issue
-To raise up to Rs 275 crore via QIP issue
-Floor price set at Rs 86.45/share
-Signs agreement with real estate funds managed by Blackstone
-Signs pact with Blackstone funds to sell 100 percent in 2 SEZs
-To sell stake in Galaxy Mercantiles, Neopro Tech to Blackstone
Blackstone buys IDFC's Galaxy Mercantiles, Neopro Tech SEZs for Rs 1,125 crore: Sources
HDIL  promoters revoke all pledged equity shares
-HDIL promoters revoke all shares pledged with IL&FS Trust Company
-Entire promoter-category shares in HDIL now non-pledged
-IL&FS Trust released 7.54 crore HDIL shares pledged by promoters
Alert: 7.54 crore shares make up 51.89 percent of shares originally pledged
Alert: IL&FS Trust released 48.11 percent of pledged shares on July 4, 2014
-Shasun merger will give company integration which is crucial
-Will continue to focus on contract research and manufacturing services (CRAMS) business
-Have capacity to create enough cash to handle the debt
-Will have major focus on formulations in coming days
-Company's debt stands at Rs 600 crore
-Debt likely to saturate at the current level
-Company and Westmoreland coal sign long-term coal supply agreement
-Company's North American arm to supply coal from Kemmerer mine to Westmoreland Coal
Textiles Ministry says
-In talks with SIDBI to fund textile venture capitalists
-Bank loans will be integral part of funding entrepreneurs
-Will fund handloom, handicrafts & jute weavers
-To work with other ministries to fund textile units
-Looking at monetising/utilising vacant land held by Textiles Ministry Corporations
-Assessing legal issues linked to monetising land assets
-Making list of land assets to be sold or put to alternate use
-In talks with state governments to shift land lease from state to center
-Will be launching thirteen new textile parks
-Will be seeking investment for new textile parks
AGMs ADAG

U.S. stocks move off earlier lows on Hong Kong unrest; Dow falls 0.25%Sep 30, 2014, 02.01 AM IST  | Source: Investing.com
U.S. stocks move off earlier lows on Hong Kong unrest; Dow falls 0.25%
U.S. stocks move off earlier lows on Hong Kong unrest; Dow falls 0.25%
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
U.S. stocks move off earlier lows on Hong Kong unrest; Dow falls 0.25%
U.S. stocks move off earlier lows on Hong Kong unrest; Dow falls 0.25%
Post your opinion here
 
Investing.com - Investing.com - U.S. stocks came off earlier lows on Monday after expectations that data due for release later this week will be positive offset bearish pressures from Hong Kong unrest and a soft housing report.
At the close of U.S. trading, the Dow 30 fell 0.25%, the S&P 500 index fell 0.25%, while the NASDAQ Composite index fell 0.14%.
The Volatility S&P 500 index, which measures the outlook for market volatility, was up 7.61% at 15.98.
Events in Hong Kong sent stock prices falling earlier.
Pro-democracy protestors in Hong Kong are angry at China's move to vet all candidates running in the city's elections for chief executive in 2017.
Fears the protests will exacerbate existing geopolitical tensions in Ukraine and in the Middle East punished stock prices earlier, though expectations began to arise that the protests will have only short-term effects on markets, which brought share prices off earlier lows.
Elsewhere, the National Association of Realtors reported earlier that its pending home sales index fell 1.0% to 104.7 in August from 105.8 in July. Economists had expected the index to tick down 0.1% last month.
Separately, the Commerce Department said that U.S. personal spending rose 0.5% in August, beating expectations for an increase of 0.4%, after a 0.1% dip in July.
The report also showed that personal income, reflecting income from wages, investment, and government aid, rose 0.3%, up from 0.2% in July, broadly in line with forecasts.
Later in the session, investors focused down the road, when a flurry of U.S. data will hit the wire.
The U.S. is to publish data on business activity in the Chicago region and a report on consumer confidence on Tuesday.
On Wednesday, the U.S. is to release the ADP report on private sector job creation, which leads the government's nonfarm payrolls report by two days.
The Institute of Supply Management is to release a report on manufacturing activity this week, and expectations that some of the data will be positive brought stocks back from session lows.
Leading Dow Jones Industrial Average performers included Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC), up 1.88%, McDonald's Corporation (NYSE:MCD), up 1.61%, and Cisco Systems Inc (NASDAQ:CSCO), up 0.50%.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average's worst performers included Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM), down 1.04%, General Electric Company (NYSE:GE), down 0.80%, and Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX), down 0.76%.
European indices, meanwhile, ended the day lower.
After the close of European trade, the DJ Euro Stoxx 50 fell 0.98%, France's CAC 40 fell 0.83%, while Germany's DAX fell 0.71%. Meanwhile, in the U.K. the FTSE 100 fell 0.04%.
Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial markets.
Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com apps for Android and iOS!

Can t recall such enthusiastic gathering outside White House: Indo-US analystIdol Chat: In conversation with Emraan Hashmi
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Indian-Americans wait outside White House to catch a glimpse of PM ModiIdol Chat: In conversation with Emraan Hashmi
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

BATMANs 75th: New limited Dark Knight stamp set for N.Y. Comic Con spotlightThe U.S. Postal Service will release a limited-edition set of Batman stamps to celebrate the character’s 75th anniversary. (USPS)
 
Holy philately, Batman! The Dark Knight could be coming to an envelope near you.
In yet another event to celebrate the 75th anniversary of Batman , the U.S. Postal Service announced Monday that a collector set of Batman stamps will make its big public debut Oct. 9 at New York Comic Con and will also go on sale nationally.
[BATMAN DAY: DC celebrates Caped Crusader's 75th anniversary with July date dedicated to the character ]
The 49-cent “Forever” stamps will feature designs based on art from the DC Comics character’s long run as one of the industry’s most popular superheroes. Fittingly, the Bat-stamps range in eras, from the long-eared Bob Kane/Bill Finger look that defined the debut of the Caped Crusader to the lighter-blue, short-eared look that inspired Adam West’s ‘60s Bat-suit (which even includes something you rarely see in Batman art now: a partial smile) – as well as to the ‘80s/early ‘90s mastery of Jim Aparo and Jim Lee’s gritty, modernized style.
There are also stamps of the various black Bat emblems that have been emblazoned on the chest of Batman over the decades.
Along with other DC characters, Batman was previously honored with a stamp in 2006.
It’s hard to imagine dedicated stamp collectors — or dedicated fanboys – “wasting” one of these tiny works of art to mail a letter, but if you just must send correspondence to Gotham or Metropolis by envelope, you might just wanna buy stock up in case.
One of the new USPS stamps to celebrate Batman’s 75th anniversary o (USPS)

Asian stocks unsettled by Hong Kong  sluggish China factoriesAsian stocks unsettled by Hong Kong  sluggish China factories
Apple gets regulatory approval  can now sell iPhone 6 in ChinaApple gets regulatory approval  can now sell iPhone 6 in China
Opening Bell 30 September | Markets eye RBI policyOpening Bell 30 September | Markets eye RBI policy
Japan s economy takes another hit as spending  factory output fallJapan s economy takes another hit as spending  factory output fall
Indian tea to US CEOsIndian tea to US CEOs
Jignesh Shah exits MCXJignesh Shah exits MCX
Barack Obama hosts dinner for Narendra Modi; Michelle Obama  gives it a missBarack Obama hosts dinner for Narendra Modi; Michelle Obama  gives it a miss
Pimco staff  frantic and sad  in wake of Bill Gross sudden exitPimco staff  frantic and sad  in wake of Bill Gross sudden exit
Tata Motors ropes in Maruti man to revive car unit s fortunesTata Motors ropes in Maruti man to revive car unit s fortunes
Jaitley to miss military meet with RussiaJaitley to miss military meet with Russia
Salora International: Outcome of AGMSep 29, 2014, 09.44 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Salora International: Outcome of AGM
Salora International has informed that the 45th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 29, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Salora International: Outcome of AGM
Salora International has informed that the 45th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 29, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Salora International Ltd has informed BSE that the 45th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 29, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

B. L. Kashyap and Sons: Outcome of AGMSep 29, 2014, 09.44 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
B. L. Kashyap and Sons: Outcome of AGM
B. L. Kashyap and Sons has informed that the 25th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 29, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
B. L. Kashyap and Sons: Outcome of AGM
B. L. Kashyap and Sons has informed that the 25th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 29, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
B. L. Kashyap and Sons Ltd has informed BSE that the 25th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 29, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Narendra Modi promises US CEOs a return to market reformsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

RBI likely to hold rates steady  strike a neutral toneRBI likely to hold rates, strike a neutral tone
Reuters | Mumbai Sep 30, 2014 07:53 AM IST
The Reserve Bank of India is widely expected to keep interest rates on hold on Tuesday as Governor Raghuram Rajan pursues his quest to conquer inflation, encouraged by signs that upward pressures on consumer prices have begun to wane.
Investors in India's bonds are happy with the priority Rajan gave to breaking the "back of inflation" in a speech last week. While investors in the booming stock market have been so filled with hope by the election of Prime Minister Narendra Modi last May, that they are undeterred by the high interest rates.
Crucially, the government has backed Rajan, though his strategy is far less popular with businesses, which want relief from high interest rates, and banks which want to lend more.
All the RBI has offered so far this year has been modest measures to make more credit available, and analysts expect Tuesday's policy review to offer more of the same, with no cut in interest rates seen until well into next year.
And, the RBI is expected to strike a careful, neutral tone in its policy statement, having confused markets earlier by swinging between dovishness and hawkishness.
Analysts will scour a separate RBI report on inflation for details of how the central bank sees price trends evolving as it strives to bring consumer price inflation down to 8% by January 2015 and to 6% a year later.
Consumer price inflation slowed to 7.8% in August, and core inflation, which strips out food and fuel prices, eased to 6.9%.
All but three of 46 economists said the RBI would leave its key repo rate unchanged at 8.0% after last raising it by 25 basis points in January.
"Even with relative comfort on inflation, we don't expect RBI to cut rates immediately as it has already stated its target for a 6% inflation by January 2016," Indranil Pan, chief economist at Kotak Mahindra Bank. "We expect a neutral tone in the policy."
The poll also showed the RBI is unlikely to alter the statutory liquidity ratio - or the minimum bond holding requirements that lenders must set aside - after cutting it by half a percentage point at each of its previous two reviews.
But some economists say the central bank could cut the ceiling on bonds that must be held-to-maturity.
The RBI is not expected to cut interest rates until the April-June quarter, according to the Reuters poll.
Ultimately, Modi's reformist government will need more priority to be given to boosting economic growth, but it will have to play its part by remedying structual issues that create supply bottlenecks, and by reducing its fiscal deficit.
Standard & Poor's cited government measures that would allow the RBI to carry out an "effective" monetary policy as a factor behind its upgrade in India's outlook to "stable" on Friday.

GRAPHIC VIDEO: Monster Truck Crashes Into Crowd In NetherlandsMonster Truck Crashes Into Crowd In Netherlands (GRAPHIC VIDEO)
Posted:
reddit
AMSTERDAM (AP) — A monster truck outfitted with tractor-sized wheels crashed into a crowd during a show in the Netherlands near the German border on Sunday, reportedly killing three people and injuring at least a dozen.
Video footage of the incident shows the truck veering off course after driving over the top of a row of cars, then knocking down a guardrail and driving into a group of onlookers.
The mayor of the eastern city of Haaksbergen, Hans Gerritsen, said at a news conference that one child and two adults were killed in the incident, and 15 others were injured, according to Dutch national broadcaster NOS.
Earlier, Gerritsen had told the broadcaster two children were killed.
Local police couldn't immediately be reached to confirm the number of dead. Ambulances and emergency services were quickly on the scene, including a trauma helicopter from Germany.
One of the show's organizers, Geerlof Kanis, told local broadcaster RTV Oost that the city had granted a permit for the event, which is held annually in the town's center. He said safety fences kept onlookers at a sufficient distance from the show. He speculated that either the truck's gas pedal got stuck or its brakes failed.
In footage of the incident posted to social media, the truck revs its engine after rolling over the row of cars, and then begins to turn. As it becomes clear the truck is on a crash course with the guard rail, around 30 people in the truck's path fall back or jump away. The truck then lurches to a stop, with many onlookers screaming and panicking.
Kanis said the truck's driver is being questioned by police.
More:

Surprise rate cut seen; RBI may further slash SLR  HTM: Experts08:00 am
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, SL Bansal, CMD, Oriental Bank of Commerce and Ashish Parthasarthy, Head Treasurer, HDFC Bank shared their expectations from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) monetary policy schedules on September 30.
While most market experts and economist don’t see an interest rate cut anytime soon, Bansal hopes for some rate cut by the RBI on Tuesday, but adds that banks may not pass it to customers for a month at least. "Why there should be a rate cut beacuse all numbers favourable. Current account deficit (CAD) and commodity prices have come down substantially especially crude prices, so if you cannot cut now, it will be very difficult for you to take a call subsequently," he says.
Meanwhile, Parthasarthy expects the central bank to oblige the market with a statutory liquidity ratio (SLR) and held-to-maturity (HTM) cut. He further adds that if these two rates cut come through then the bond yields reaction will be temporary. However, Bansal feels that cut in SLR won’t have much impact.
According to CNBC-TV18 poll , twenty percent respondents expect the first rate cut will come in 2014; 10 percent said first half of 2015, 40 percent said in the June-September quarter of 2015. Thirty percent said no cut at all till October 2015 i.e. for a year from now.
Below is the verbatim transcript of Ashish Parthasarthy and SL Bansal's interview with Latha Venkatesh and Reema Tendulkar on CNBC-TV18.
Latha: Are you expecting an statutory liquidity ratio (SLR) and an held-to-maturity (HTM) cut?
Bansal: What I believe is there should be a rate cut. I am not with 100 percent view as fas as the poll that you have conducted is concerned. Why there should be a rate cut beacuse all numbers are favourable. Current account deficit (CAD) and commodity prices have come down substantially especially crude prices, so if you cannot cut now, it will be very difficult for you to take a call subsequently.
Second thing is, let us see whether there should be a rate cut -- I think there should be a rate cut but whether the rate cut is going to happen to my mind, it may not, 90 percent is no but knowing governor closely, I believe that he may bring a surprise and there maybe some rate cut. Whether the rate cut will be passed on to the customer? I believe no. For the next 30 days, it will be a big no but for the first time one good thing has happened.
During the last three years, there was always a mad rush for raising bulk deposits at the quarterly closing for the first time, this quarter, there was no rush for raising bulk deposits and the deposit was available at close to normal deposit rates of 9 percent for one year. This is a healthy sign and now that the governor can take a risk, slight cut in to the repo rate of 25 bps although it will not translate into cut in the lending rates immediately, it will provide a big positive to the market as well as to the ultimate consumers.
Reema: Despite the slightly better than expected borrowing figure, the bond yields are going into the event a bit cautious. Right now as we speak it has inched up to 8.46 versus 8.44 on Friday. What is the bond market expectation particularly with respect to SLR as well as HTM, what is it pricing in?
Parthasarthy: The consensus expectation on the rate is that there will be no change and no change for quite some time. So if you have the overnight rate at around 8 percent, 10-year at 8.40-8.45 seems to be fairly priced unless you expect rate cuts in the near future.
Secondly, there is a reasonably majority expectations that there will be in SLR cut and I am of the view that if there is an SLR cut, the HTM cut will be simultaneous. So whenever there is a half a percent SLR cut, you will have an additional HTM cut of half a percent equal. So, that is what the bond markets are pricing in and that is why before the policy, you see the market players being cautious.
Latha: That was why I was asking about SLR and HTM first. Will life get tougher for banks if there was an SLR cut and an HTM cut, what will be the impact on your own profit and loss (P&L)?
Bansal: If there is SLR cut, it is not going to impact much because most of the banks are holding close to 27 percent. Today there is not much demand on the credit side somwhere we are going to park our funds. It will not make life easier. Only thing is if the bond yields come down then naturally we can gain something on the treasury front and provide substantially from the provisions of the NPL. Our life is going to be very tough in today’s environment when I think this coal block decision is going to affect the bank’s balance sheet in a big way going forward from 6-9 months time. I don’t know when we are going to see better days ahead.
Latha: You expect that in this quarter itself that is October-December quarter you should see an uptick in NPLs because of this coal block thing but more importantly if you can answer my question on HTM if the HTM were cut, a little more provisioning will be called for you think?
Bansal: I don’t think it will affect the bank balance sheet much but of course one thing will happen if the liquidity is available in the system and I have got only two options either not to raise deposits or to lend to the riskier assets. In today’s environment, the system is not conducive to lend for the so to say productive assets. We need to wait and watch of course busy season is coming and there will be a lot of demand for the retail assets. Now the bank for the next three-six months should lend only for these segments agriculture and retail sectors. For big corporates, I would not like to venture into that field.

Photos:  Rockstar  Modi wows AmericaEYE BROWSE
Modi wows America
Prime Minister Narendra Modi's rockstar-like reception by a rapturous Indian-American community at Madison Square Garden made quite a splash in the US media too ahead of his summit Monday with President Barack Obama.
In a glitzy show of lights, lasers and slogans, populist Modi delivered a triumphal address to tens of thousands of Indian-Americans and US dignitaries in New York on Sunday, less than a decade after he was barred from the United States over bloody sectarian riots.
Members of fast growing 3.2 million-strong Indian diaspora, cheered and chanted "Modi, Modi!" during his 70-minute address in Hindi at Madison Square Garden, where they made up one of the largest crowds seen in the United States for a foreign leader.
On September 30, President Obama, who hosted a dinner in the honour of the visiting dignitary, greeted the Prime Minister with the traditional Gujarati salutation 'Khem Cho' at the White House.
The US President and Prime Minister Modi are expected to discuss a range of issues of mutual interest, including ways to accelerate economic growth and bolster security cooperation to expand and deepen the strategic partnership between both nations. (Agencies)
Gallery View:Modi wows America

RBI to hold rates: SBILike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
RBI to hold rates; may see a 25-50 bps cut in SLR: SBI
Soumya Kanti Ghosh of SBI feels the central bank's tone would be favourable on the back of positive developments in the past couple of days
Post your opinion here
Street Signs
Soumya Kanti Ghosh, Chief Economic Advisor at State Bank of India , expects status quo from the Reserve Bank in its credit policy tomorrow. In fact he does not see a rate cut this year and the first half of next year.
On the central bank’s tone, Ghosh thinks it would be favourable on the back of positive developments in the past couple of days like the Scotland verdict, the current disinflationary trend and better core numbers.
Though he feels the central bank may cut the statutory liquidity ratio by 25-50 bps, he does not expect any movement in the CRR (cash reserve ratio).
Below is the verbatim transcript of Soumya Kanti Ghosh's interview with Ekta Batra & Anuj Singhal on CNBC-TV18.
Ekta: What is your expectation from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) tomorrow and most importantly what is your expectation in terms of their tone?
A: Tomorrow there will be no change and I am also not expecting any change throughout the year in terms of rate cut, there will be a status quo. There has been some favourable developments in the last couple of days, the verdict from Scotland has been favourable, the retail inflation trajectory – the economy is firmly on disinflationary trend, the consumer price index (CPI) numbers; if you look at the core numbers, if I leave aside the food prices, the core numbers have come in significantly below the market expectation and below 7 percent is 31 month low and that’s a point of comfort for the RBI. 
I think the RBI will strike a cautionary note, no doubt but given the fact that there has been some positive developments from the geopolitical front. They may say that if the rates continue in the current rate, they are satisfied with the inflationary trend as of now. So that could introduce the element of positivity into the market.
Anuj: What is your sense of when we would see the first rate cut whether it would be Q4 of this calendar year or the Q1 of next calendar year? Do you have any timeline in mind?
A: There are two points in this case. This year we are not looking into any rate cut because given the fact that the interest rate is trending down at the January 2015 numbers, 8 percent even though all of us are convinced that 8 percent will be reached but there is always a possibility that there is some slippage in the food prices – that number could be in a little bit of danger but as of now we are in for 8 percent, so I do not see any rate cut this year. 
Next year also I do not see a possibility of a rate cut in the first half maybe towards second half of the next fiscal the RBI could look into that possibility because the Fed is likely to look into the rates possible in the second half of 2015. So that factor also will weigh on RBI’s mind. So, the RBI will not want that the two things should happen together so there has to be a timing element involved over there. In my view I am not looking into the rate cut or for that matter any change for an extended period as of today.
Ekta: What is the likelihood of any movement on the statutory liquidity ratio (SLR)? It’s already been cut by 100 bps; this year stands at 22 percent. Do you expect a further reduction? 
A: There could be some amount of cut in the SLR, could be a 50 bps cut or 25 bps and the purpose of the SLR cut could be that the banks are suppose to make that liquidity coverage ratio from January 2015 given that the credit growth is still low on the part of the banks, so SLR cut could be a more an enabler so that the banks have enough option to meet liquidity coverage ratio which comes into effect from January 2015. 
Ekta: Overall do you think that it would be factored into the yields at least considering that there is an expectation of an SLR cut and would you expect any movement on cash reserve ratio (CRR)?
A: I do not see any movement on CRR but in the monetary policy Urjit Patel Committee report, there is a recommendation of a remunerative standing deposit facility. So I will not be surprise if that comes in at some point of time during the current fiscal, so it may not come tomorrow but it may some any point of time - that is one of the recommendation which is still far not been implemented.
In terms of yield movement, the good thing about the yield movement now is that there is now a deficit target and given the fact that the borrowing targets have now been revised downwards and given the fact that subsidy numbers will be reasonable. There will possibly be an upside to the disinvestment numbers, so fiscal deficit could be below the targeted level as given in the budgeted amount of 4.1 percent. So that should introduce some element of positivity on the yield movement.
RELATED NEWS

Modi  Obama to discuss ways to boost partnershipModi, Obama to discuss ways to boost partnership
PTI
Video: Indian-Americans in New York look forward to PM Modi's developmental plans
Washington, Sept 29:  
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and US President Barack Obama would discuss a range of issues of mutual interest, including ways to accelerate economic growth and bolster security cooperation, to expand and deepen the US-India strategic partnership when they meet here.
“They will also focus on regional issues, including current developments in Afghanistan, Syria and Iraq, where India and the United States can work together with partners towards a positive outcome,” the White House said.
US-India parternship
The President looks forward to working with the Prime Minister to fulfil the promise of the US-India strategic partnership for the benefit of both our citizens and the world.”
They will discuss ways to accelerate economic growth, bolster security cooperation, and collaborate in activities that bring long-term benefits to both countries and the world, it said.
Private dinner for Modi
Ahead of their first formal meeting tomorrow, Obama will host a private dinner for Modi at the White House tonight.
To be attended by a small group of invitees, the dinner hosted by Obama would be held in Blue Room of the White House.
The Blue Room is used for receptions and receiving lines, and is occasionally set for small dinners.
The President would be joined by the Vice-President, Joe Biden, Secretary of State John Kerry and National Security Advisor Susan Rice, among others for the dinner.
Modi would be accompanied by the External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj, National Security Advisor Ajit Doval and Indian Ambassador to the US S Jaishankar, among others.
Modi, who is on navaratra fast, would not eat.
Obama is hosting this rare dinner for the Prime Minister as a mark of respect to the visiting dignitaries and also to acquaint and establish a personal rapport with Modi.
Before heading to White House tomorrow, Modi would visit the Lincoln Memorial, the Martin Luther King Jr Memorial and Gandhi status in front of the Indian Embassy, where the Indian-American community is expected to be present in large numbers.
On Tuesday, the local Indian-American community has decided to celebrate the Modi-Obama meeting with a cultural programme in front of the White House.
As Obama hosts Modi for dinner, the local Indian-American community would organise “Dandiya Raas” and “Garbha” with live music outside the White House to welcome the Prime Minister to America’s national capital and for his maiden meeting with the US President.
(This article was published on September 29, 2014)
Related

Are HNI s finding value in mid and small-cap stocks02:30 pm
The market has already factored in major cues, says Sandeep Madan. He says the market has moved more than 25 percent on the Modi wave, but for it to move beyond current levels, market participants will wait and watch for prime minister Narendra Modi to walk the talk on the reforms agenda.
BSE small cap index is up almost 63 percent year-to-date and BSE mid-cap is up almost 42 percent.
A high net-worth individual (HNI) himself, Madan says the overall market will only rise higher if all the policies come true and it all depends on how things that are being spoken about ('Make in India', etc.), play out on the ground. It will be true for across the market, he adds.
“The general market will only go up now if we see that all the policies, all the good talk of this "Make in India", what our Prime Minister has been talking about, how well does this play out on the ground when people do ask for the situation to change, where manufacturing has to become easier is that are the authorities, are the bureaucrats, is the country as a whole going to be welcoming that or it is going to be more of a situation which we have been hearing where it is more of a talk less of the walk,” Madan told CNBC-TV18.
The way the markets are today, the index is at a PE of around 17 which is higher than the average that the PE trades, he adds.
According to him, the beaten down infrastructure companies will be good play if policies do play out, agendas such as clean Ganga, roads, etc., see light of the day.
RELATED NEWS

Massive Pro-Democracy Protest Rages In Hong KongHong Kong Activists Defy Police Tear Gas As Protests Spread
Reuters  | By                                                                By James Pomfret and Yimou Lee
Posted:
reddit
HONG KONG, Sept 29 (Reuters) - Riot police advanced on Hong Kong democracy protesters in the early hours of Monday, firing volleys of tear gas that sent some fleeing as others erected barricades to block the security forces in the heart of the former British colony.
Earlier, police baton-charged a crowd blocking a key road in the government district in defiance of official warnings that the demonstrations were illegal.
Several scuffles broke out between police in helmets, gas masks and riot gear, and demonstrators angered by the tear gas, last used in Hong Kong in 2005.
The unrest is the worst since China took back control of Hong Kong from Britain in 1997. It poses a serious challenge to Communist Party leaders in Beijing, concerned that calls for democracy could spread to cities on the mainland and threaten their grip on power.
Thousands of protesters were still milling around the main Hong Kong government building, ignoring messages from student and pro-democracy leaders to retreat for fear that the police might fire rubber bullets.
Police, in lines five deep in places, earlier used pepper spray against activists and shot tear gas into the air. The crowds fled several hundred yards (meters), scattering their umbrellas and hurling abuse at police they called "cowards."
Riot police use tear gas against protesters after thousands of people blocked a main road at the financial central district in Hong Kong, Sunday, Sept. 28, 2014. Photo credit: AP
"If today I don't stand out, I will hate myself in future," said taxi driver Edward Yeung, 55, as he swore at police on the frontline. "Even if I get a criminal record it will be a glorious one."
Britain returned Hong Kong to Chinese rule under a formula known as "one country, two systems" that guaranteed a high degree of autonomy and freedoms not enjoyed in mainland China. Universal suffrage was set as an eventual goal.
But Beijing last month rejected demands for people to freely choose the city's next leader, prompting threats from activists to shut down the Central business district. China wants to limit elections to a handful of candidates loyal to Beijing.
The protests later spread to the busy shopping district of Causeway Bay and across the harbor to Mong Kok, posing a greater challenge for authorities to contain, local media reported.
In a move certain to unnerve authorities in Beijing, media in Taiwan reported that student movement leaders had occupied the lobby of Hong Kong's representative office on the island in a show of support for the democracy protesters.
Hong Kong leader Leung Chun-ying had earlier pledged "resolute" action against the protest movement, known as Occupy Central with Love and Peace.
"The police are determined to handle the situation appropriately in accordance with the law," Leung said, less than two hours before the police charge began.
"NEVER GIVE UP"
Police had not used tear gas in Hong Kong since breaking up protests by South Korean farmers against the World Trade Organization in 2005.
"We will fight until the end ... we will never give up," said Peter Poon, a protester in his 20s, adding that they may have to make a temporary retreat through the night.
Police denied rumors that they had used rubber bullets.
Police officers stand guard during clashes with pro-democracy protesters in Hong Kong on September 28, 2014. Photo credit: XAUME OLLEROS/AFP/Getty Images
A spokesperson for China's Hong Kong and Macau Affairs Office said the central government fully supported Hong Kong's handling of the situation "in accordance with the law."
Such dissent would never be tolerated on the mainland, where student protests in and around Beijing's Tiananmen Square calling for democracy were crushed with heavy loss of life on June 4, 1989.
In mainland China, the phrase "Occupy Central" was blocked on Sunday afternoon on Weibo, the country's version of Twitter. It had been allowed earlier in the day.
Later, a Hong Kong government statement urged the Occupy organizers to bring an end to the "chaos," for the overall good of the city. The government said some public transport may be disrupted on Monday due to the protests, while some schools in affected areas would be closed.
A tearful Occupy organizer, Benny Tai, said he was proud of people's determination to fight for "genuine" universal suffrage, but that the situation was getting out of control, local broadcaster RTHK reported. He said he believed he would face heavy punishment for initiating the movement.
Inside the cordon, thousands had huddled in plastic capes, masks and goggles as they braced for a fresh police attempt to clear the area before Hong Kong re-opens for business in the morning. The city's financial markets are expected to open as usual on Monday.
"WE WILL WIN WITH LOVE AND PEACE"
Publishing tycoon Jimmy Lai, a key backer of the democracy movement, said he wanted as big a crowd of protesters as possible, after a week of student demonstrations, to thwart any crackdown.
"The more Hong Kong citizens come, the more unlikely the police can clear up the place," said Lai, also wearing a plastic cape and workmen's protective glasses. "Even if we get beaten up, we cannot fight back. We will win this war with love and peace."
Pro-democracy Hong Kong lawmaker Lee Cheuk-yan said three fellow legislators were among a small group of activists detained by police, including democratic leaders Albert Ho and Emily Lau.
Organizers said as many as 80,000 people thronged the streets in Admiralty district, galvanized by the arrests of student activists on Friday. No independent estimate of the crowd numbers was available.
A student protester is overcome by pepper spray from riot police as thousands of protesters surround the government headquarters in Hong Kong Sunday, Sept. 28, 2014. Photo credit: AP Photo/Wally Santana
A week of protests escalated into violence when student-led demonstrators broke through a cordon late on Friday and scaled a fence to invade the city's main government compound. Police used pepper spray to disperse the crowd. The Hong Kong Federation of Students extended class boycotts indefinitely.
Police have so far arrested 78 people, including Joshua Wong, the 17-year-old leader of student group Scholarism, who was dragged away after he called on the protesters to charge the government premises.
Wong was released from police detention without charge on Sunday evening. He told reporters that he planned to return to the protest site after resting. (Additional reporting by Donny Kwok, Charlie Zhu, Venus Wu, Diana Chan, Kinling Lo, Stephen Aldred, Farah Master, Twinnie Siu and Bobby Yip; Writing by Greg Torode and Anne Marie Roantree:; Editing by Nick Macfie, Alex Richardson and Mark Trevelyan)
More:

All you wanted to know about new Tamil Nadu CM PanneerselvamE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Press BJP symbol so hard current felt in Italy  taunts Amit ShahE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Tamil Nadu rocked by spate of suicides after Jayalalithaa sent to jailE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Mallya flouting company law in seeking USL board seatUnited Breweries (Holdings), Chairman & Member
Four Seasons Wines, Chairman
United Racing and Bloodstock Breeders, Chairman & Member
Royal Challengers Sports, Chairman
Kingfisher East Bengal Football Team, Chairman
VJM Investments, Chairman & Member
Source: Corporate affairs ministry/SES
Further, USL (where Mallya and his companies are now minority equity holders) has ordered an investigation into inter-company transactions between it and various UB Group companies. Mallya being chairman of the company and of the UB Group presents a potential conflict situation. A USL spokesperson acknowledged the receipt of Business Standard’s emailed queries, sent on Saturday, but did not offer comments.
On September 5, USL, now controlled by Diageo, said its board had ordered a probe into pre-existing loans. “Certain pre-existing loans/deposits/ advances due to the company and its wholly owned subsidiaries from United Breweries (Holdings) Ltd, which were in existence as on March 31, 2013, has been taken into consideration in the consolidated annual accounts of the company drawn up as of that date. Pursuant to a previous resolution passed by the board on October 11, 2012, such dues (together with interest) aggregating to Rs 1,337.40 crore were consolidated into, and recorded as, an unsecured loan by way of an agreement between the company and UBHL,” the company said then.
Stakeholders Empowerment Services, a proxy advisory firm, said in a note: “As a good governance measure and to provide credibility to probes, Mallya should not offer himself for re-selection till the probe is over and the board comes to the conclusion that there was nothing wrong with any of the transactions. SES is of the opinion that continuance of Mallya on the board might not do any good to the firm. So, in the larger interest of the company and its shareholders, Mr Mallya should not seek re-election,” it said.
The auditors of USL, in a note to the accounts, have referred to this entry of unsecured loan by saying the company had made a provision of Rs 330 crore, in addition to not recognising interest of Rs 96 crore. “Given the various uncertainties involved with respect to the litigation involving UBHL and the extended period for repayment of the loan, we are unable to comment on the level of provision established,” the auditors said in their qualification.
In response, the company said, “The management believes that it should be able to recover, and no further provision is required for the balance amount of Rs 9,957 million (Rs 995.7 crore), though the company will attempt to recover the entire amount of Rs 14,223 million (Rs 1,422.3 crore). However, the management will continue to assess the recoverability of the said loan on an ongoing basis.”
Even here, there is an unexplained difference of around Rs 11 crore between what the auditor said and the company explained. While the amount due (Rs 1,337.4 crore) and unrecognised interest (Rs 96.3 crore) add to Rs 1,433.7 crore, the company said it would recover the “entire amount” of Rs 1,422.3 crore.
Further explaining the terms of the board-ordered “review”, the management said it was reviewing loan agreements to explore “(i) whether any event of default(s) under the loan documents has occurred on the part of UBHL; (ii) the legal rights and remedies which the company has under the loan documents; (iii) whether the company should invoke any of the remedies available to it under the loan documents (including recalling of the entire loan); and (iv) whether there is any scope of renegotiating the terms and conditions under the loan documents.”

At Business Breakfast  PM Modi Says India Wants ChangeCommercial Mining of Coal to be Allowed After Auction: Finance Minister
New York: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday said he wants to convert the Supreme Court judgment on coal allocation into an "opportunity to move forward and clean up the past", as he wooed CEOs of large American companies to invest in India in key sectors including infrastructure.
Hosting a breakfast for 11 CEOs, including Indian-origin PepsiCo CEO Indra Nooyi, Google Chairman Eric Schmidt and Citigroup chief Michael Corbat, Mr Modi said India is open-minded and wants the change, which is "not one-sided".
Listening to concerns raised by the business leaders, Mr Modi assured them that his government will address their issues and try to make the environment in India more business-friendly.
Describing the meeting as "excellent and very good", all business leaders, including Ms Nooyi and Mr Corbat, said that the Prime Minister heard their concerns and listed out the priority areas of his government to take forward the India story to higher levels.
"(We) want to convert the Supreme Court judgment on coal allocation into an opportunity to move forward and clean up the past," Mr Modi told the CEOs.
The Supreme Court last week quashed allocation of 214 out of 218 coal blocks allotted to various companies since 1993 terming it as "fatally flawed".
Mr Modi's observation comes in the backdrop of concerns that the judgment would have an adverse impact on corporate sentiments and overall business climate.
"India is open-minded. We want change. Change that is not one sided. Am discussing with citizens, industrialists & investors," the spokesman of the Ministry of External Affairs Syed Akbaruddin tweeted, quoting Mr Modi as said at the meeting. The Prime Minister also told the business leaders that "infrastructure development is a big opportunity; it creates jobs and enhances quality of life of our citizens."
Those present at the breakfast meeting also included MasterCard CEO Ajay Banga, Cargill's President and CEO David W MacLennan, Caterpillar's Douglas Oberhelman, AES' Andres Gluski, Merck's Kenneth Frazier, Co-founder and Co-CEO of Carlyle Group David Rubenstein, Hospira's Michael Ball and Warburg Pincus' Charles Kaye.
Significantly, all companies already have considerable presence in India and their chiefs are believed to have expressed intention to further expand their engagements with the Indian government and enhance their business presence in the country.
After the meeting, Mr Banga said that the Prime Minister listed out areas like tourism, skill development and infrastructure as his key focus areas.
The over one-hour-long breakfast meet was followed by one-on-one meetings with CEOs of Boeing, KKR, BlackRock, IBM, General Electric and Goldman Sachs.
This is the first extensive business engagement in the US of the Prime Minister, who will also attend business meets in Washington tomorrow during his second leg of the five-day visit.
Story first published on: September 29, 2014 20:23 (IST)

Hong Kong protests keep stocks in checkHong Kong protests keep stocks in check
By Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/84f3b08a-4783-11e4-8c50-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Modi woos American corporates; promises tax stabilityModi woos American corporates; promises tax stability
PTI
Tweet
New York, Sept 29:  
Making a strong pitch to attract investments into India, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today assured top American corporate honchos of tax stability and friendlier business environment in the country.
Modi, who is on his maiden visit to the United States as Prime Minister, held meetings with a galaxy of American corporate executives, including those from Boeing, PepsiCo, Google, KKR and General Electric.
Bullish on the potential of the Indian market, the corporates have expressed keenness to strengthen their engagements with India especially at a time when the new government is rolling out various initiatives such as ‘Make in India’ campaign.
“It is my conviction that tax stability is essential for confidence building,” Modi told American CEOs.
His assertion comes at a time when some multinationals are caught in legal wrangles over tax matters in the country.
Wooing the corporates, Modi said he wants to convert the Supreme Court judgment on coal allocation into an “opportunity to move forward and clean up the past”. The observation comes amid concerns that the ruling could negatively impact investor sentiments and overall business climate.
During his meetings with captains of corporate America, the Prime Minister also pitched for big-ticket investments to develop India’s infrastructure and create more jobs and enhance the quality of life.
American corporates, including technology major IBM, have expressed interest to participate in diverse initiatives of the Indian government including those pertaining to smart cities.
(This article was published on September 29, 2014)
Related

Expand overseas footprint  EBRD tells India IncExpand overseas footprint, EBRD tells India Inc
Our Bureau
European bank ready to invest, share knowledge
New Delhi, September 29:  
The European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD) is keen to partner with Indian companies in their overseas projects, its Managing Director Riccardo Puliti has said.
The bank is open to not only making financial investments’ in Indian ventures in its countries of operations, but also sharing knowledge about local economies with prospective Indian investors on an informal basis.
“Our visit here is a message to say that we are ready to accompany you and be accompanied by you to markets where we can work together very well with a combination of technology, cost and other competitive advantages”, Puliti said at an interactive session organised by industry body Assocham here on Monday.
He said EBRD — which does not have Indian operations — was keen to engage more with Indian companies with all kinds of financial instruments as long as they were willing to invest in the institution’s countries of operations. Currently, EBRD is owned by 65 countries and two inter-governmental institutions. India is not a member of EBRD.
As many as 10 Indian companies have already associated themselves with EBRD and availed its assistance to set up operations.
“India is an important source of foreign direct investment in EBRD’s countries of operations as the value of the joint India-EBRD investments stood at about 800 million euros as of June 2014. EBRD accounted for 630 million in these joint investments and the rest was from Indian companies in the private sector”, Puliti said. It is currently focused on four sectors—financial institutions, infrastructure-transportation, energy, and manufacturing and services.
On whether EBRD would be willing to finance Indian small and medium enterprises (SMEs), Nandita Parshad, Director, EBRD, said the institution had special product lines for sector. “We finance all sizes of projects and companies as we operate in countries of all sizes”, she added.
Earlier in his address, Assocham President elect Sunil Kanoria said there was need to convince the Indian Government to become a member country of the EBRD. “Eastern European countries are a potential investment destination for Indian industry”, he added.
 
(This article was published on September 29, 2014)
Related

Medical regulatory bodies under the lensMedical regulatory bodies under the lens
Our Bureau
The Hindu Union Health Minister Harsh Vardhan
Harsh Vardhan says the aim is to end corruption, inefficiency
New Delhi, September 29:  
The various regulatory bodies governing medical practice, doctors, dentists and nurses, are likely to come under scrutiny, Harsh Vardhan, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, said on Monday.
Vardhan said he aimed to end the corruption and inefficiencies within the Medical Council of India, Dental Council of India and Indian Nursing Council.
High-level committees are looking into the structure, system and laws governing these councils. Vardhan has promised “radical changes” in them soon.
Disease eradication
The Medical Council of India has recently been caught in the crossfire over corruption charges, overlooking ethical conduct of doctors’ associations and other issues.
Vardhan also said that the Ministry is seeking to eradicate Kala Azar from the country by 2015.
The Minister said that the Indian Council for Medical Research has developed a non-invasive diagnostic kit for dealing with the disease, the incidence of which is prevalent in four States.
Measles and leprosy are among the other diseases that the Ministry aims to deal with on a priority basis. The Minister added that the Government is holding consultation meetings with at least 12 Chief Ministers to establish more AIIMs-like institutes.
Research focus
He added that health-related research will be a top focus for the government in all areas — rural health, vaccination, communicable/non-communicable diseases, nano-technology, molecular biology and others.
While talking about the achievements, Vardhan said his Ministry is working on a roadmap for the Universal Health Assurance Mission, under which the 50 essential drugs, 30 Ayush drugs and certain diagnostic services would be assured to the citizen.
A free insurance scheme would be integrated into this for those below the poverty line, while the rest of the population will have to pay a “low premium,” Vardhan said.
(This article was published on September 29, 2014)
Related

State Govts must reform to benefit from Central initiatives: MayaramWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.
Union Budget 2014-15 Highlights
Following are the highlights of the Union Budget 2014-15 presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament on July 10, 2014
Income-tax exemption limit raised by Rs 50,000 to Rs 2.5 lakh and for senior citizens to Rs 3 lakh
Exemption limit for investment in financial instruments under 80C raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh.
Investment limit in PPF raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh
Deduction limit on interest on loan for self-occupied house raised to Rs 2 lakh from Rs 1.5 lakh.
Committee to look into all fresh tax demands for indirect transfer of assets in wake of retrospective tax amendments of 2012
Fiscal deficit target retained at 4.1% of GDP for current fiscal and 3.6% in FY 16
Rs 150 crore allocated for increasing safety of women in large cities
LCD, LED TV become cheaper
Cigarettes, pan masala, tobacco, aerated drinks become costlier
5 IIMs to be opened in HP, Punjab, Bihar, Odisha and Rajasthan
5 more IITs in Jammu, Chhattisgarh, Goa, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala.
4 more AIIMS like institutions to come up in AP, West Bengal, Vidarbha in Maharashtra and Poorvanchal in UP
Govt proposes to launch Digital India’ programme to ensure broad band connectivity at village level
National Rural Internet and Technology Mission for services in villages and schools, training in IT skills proposed
Rs 100 cr scheme to support about 600 new and existing Community Radio Stations
Rs 100 cr for metro projects in Lucknow and Ahmedabad
Govt expects Rs 9.77 lakh crore revenue crore from taxes
Govt’s plan expenditure pegged at Rs 5.75 lakh crore and non-Plan at Rs 12.19 lakh crore.
Rs 2,037 crore set aside for Integrated Ganga Conservation Mission called ‘Namami Gange’
Kisan Vikas Patra to be reintroduced, National Savings Certificate with insurance cover to be launched
FDI limit to be hiked to 49% pc in defence, insurance
Disinvestment target fixed at Rs 58,425 crore
Gross borrowings pegged at Rs 6 lakh crore
Contours of GST to be finalised this fiscal; Govt to look into DTC proposal.
‘Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya New Teachers Training Programme’ launched with initial sum of Rs 500 crore
Govt provides Rs 500 crore for rehabilitation of displaced Kashmiri migrants
Set aside Rs 11,200 crore for PSU banks capitalisation
Govt in favour of consolidation of PSU banks
Govt considering giving greater autonomy to PSU banks while making them accountable
Rs 7,060 crore for setting up 100 Smart Cities
A project on the river Ganga called ‘Jal Marg Vikas’ for inland waterways between Allahabad and Haldia; Rs 4,200 crore set aside for the purpose.
Govt proposes Ultra Modern Super Critical Coal Based Thermal Power Technology
Expenditure management commission to be setup; will look into food and fertilizer subsides
Impasse in coal sector will be resolved; coal will be provided to power plants already commissioned or to be commissioned by March 2015
Long term capial gains tax for mutual funds doubled to 20%; lock-in period increased to 3 years
Rs 4,000 cr set aside to increase flow of cheaper credit for affordable housing to the urban poor/EWS/LIG segment.
EPFO to launch the ‘Uniform Account Number’ service to facilitate portability of Provident Fund accounts
Mandatory wage ceiling of subscription to EPS (Employee Pension Scheme) raised from Rs 6,500 to Rs 15,000
Minimum pension increased to Rs 1,000 per month

Google inks MoU with Andhra Pradesh for state s IT visionE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

In Ferguson  journalists accuse the local government of obstructionAccess, at a price.((AP Photo/Jeff Roberson))
SHARE
Daniel A. Medina @dmedin11
September 29, 2014
It seems that Ferguson officials want the world to forget about last month’s fatal shooting of Michael Brown . At least, that’s how journalists are interpreting a move by the city clerk’s office in the small St. Louis suburb: It is charging them nearly 10 times the hourly salary of one of its clerks to obtain public records on the case.
The Associated Press reported Monday that the clerk’s office charged the organization $135 an hour for nearly a day’s work, to retrieve what the AP said was just “a handful of email accounts since the shooting.” It’s not unusual for municipalities to charge the media for the time it takes staff to retrieve and photocopy documents requested under public records law. But for perspective, the entry-level hourly salary for a Ferguson city clerk is $13.90, according to the AP.
The AP, along with several other news organizations and civil rights groups, had filed its request under Missouri’s Sunshine Law , which requires government officials to release public records to news organizations, upon formal request. All US states, the District of Columbia and the federal government have open meeting laws, according to the Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press , a US non-profit dedicated to providing legal assistance to journalists. The US Supreme court has ruled that the First Amendment grants the  right of access to public records in most situations, and some states have included that right into their constitutions.
Some of these states offer the records for free, others at a small cost. In Ferguson, the AP wasn’t the only organization facing exorbitant fees: Journalists from The Washington Post told the AP the newspaper was quoted a price of $200 to fulfill its requests, and Buzzfeed said it was told it would have to pay unspecified thousands for access to emails and memos on the city’s traffic-citation policies and changes to local elections.
A representative from the Ferguson city’s clerk’s office declined to comment, and referred Quartz to the office’s outside media consultant for statement. We will update this post when we receive the statement.
Price-gouging by local governments throughout the US is a common tactic for discouraging further reporting on a given issue that is under scrutiny, the AP points out. In the case of Ferguson, because no city official has addressed the accusations from the press and others, it is difficult to say what the motive was. What is likely, however, is that there will be further scrutiny of local police and government practices as the city determines how to deal with Ferguson police officer Darren Wilson, the man who shot and killed Michael Brown. The grand jury, who began hearing evidence a full 10 days after the shooting, has until Jan. 7 to decide whether to charge Wilson.
 

Collapse of ore prices threatens shakeoutEnd of the Iron Age
By James Wilson and Neil Hume
A collapse of ore prices throws miners’ strategies into doubt and threatens an industry shakeout
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/02f9c83e-44a5-11e4-bce8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US steelmakers plan car market comebackAluminium threatens steel’s dominance of the car industry
By Robert Wright in Calvert, Alabama
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7c671aac-4372-11e4-be3f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

S&P 500 closes at record highS&P 500 closes at record high
By Michael Mackenzie in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/947300b6-8c12-11e2-8fcf-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Metal cos profit may dip on higher coal importscoal blocks
(India’s coal import bill…)
KOLKATA/MUMBAI: The profitability of metal companies with operational coal blocks is set for a sharp decline after 2014-15 as they will have to opt for imported coal to substitute captive coal supplies following cancellation of allotments by the Supreme Court.
India's coal import bill could shoot up to $22 billion in 2015-16 thanks to this, according to top rating agencies and equity research firms after the court verdict.
"Coal India may not be in a position to meet metals companies' requirements given its commitment to power companies," Crisil said.
India Ratings warned of higher import dependence following the Supreme Court decision.
"Demand supply mismatch has increased India's dependence on import for coal supplies. In FY14, India imported 171 million tonnes (mt) of coal at $16.41 billion (FY13: 145mt at $17.01 billion). A halt in domestic production of coal would increase our import dependence further. In a scenario where CIL is not able to extract coal from captive coal mines of cancelled coal blocks, India's dependence on imported coal would increase significantly in FY16. Factoring in the increase in coal production in FY14 as compared to FY13 and FY14 and the average imported coal prices, the FY16 coal import bill is likely to widen by $6.22 billion," the agency said. Kotak Institutional Equities report said, "The biggest challenge for steel companies would be suitability of imported coal to plants designed for low grade domestic coal." It also said for companies like JSPL with little proximity to ports, managing import logistics will not be easy.
However, experts are of the view that in the interim period coal production may actually go up from operational mines.
"The companies will aim at maximising production in this period, as it would improve returns even if marginally, and it may help get better compensation if any is offered when these are finally auctioned by the government," said Kameswara Rao, leader, energy utilities and mining practices, at PwC.
As India Ratings pointed out, the attorney general told the Supreme Court that CIL would need some time to adjust to the changed situation. "The allocation process (through competitive bidding or any other process) is not likely to be completed by FY15. In this situation, the CIL would take things forward.
The CIL itself is struggling to achieve its own coal production targets, in FY14. To achieve the captive coal mines' FY14 coal production target, CIL will have to improve its production performance by 8.41%, which does not look too feasible," it said.
Morgan Stanley also noted that India's coal demand from the global seaborne market will increase to some extent over the next three-four years.
"We believe the 42 operational (and about to be started) mines might not lose tonnage, but the next round of mines that were about to start in the next 1-2 years might face some delay. This could lead to some increase in India's coal deficit over the medium term. However, if the government proceeds quickly on the policy for auctions and is able to facilitate quick clearances of these mines, the deficit could be lower," it said.
Morgan Stanley also likened the situation to an earlier Supreme Court ban on iron ore mining in Karnataka and Goa. Citigroup Research, which upgraded Coal India to 'buy' from 'neutral', said in a report on Thursday the cancellation provides likely upside to e-auction pricing and volumes.
On their part, metal companies are bracing themselves to tackle the situation. Hindalco Industries, which has had its allocation cancelled, said it will take a one-time hit of about Rs 500 crore on account of penalties on the coal already mined. The company's coal imports have amounted to 300,000 tonnes so far. It could go up further next year when it has to give up its operational mine, Talabira 1.
Its other mines — Talabira II, Mahan, Tubed — are not operational yet. The company said it was not expecting captive coal immediately from these mines and hence has plans to operate on purchased coal.
The cost of production at its Hirakud smelter in Odisha used to be lower by $50-80 per tonne of aluminium than Renukoot smelter in Uttar Pradesh, Sagar Dhamorikar, Hindalco senior vice president and head, business development, said on a conference call Thursday. For Hindalco, transporting coal to the landlocked Mahan smelter in Madhya Pradesh will be a challenge. If coal block re-allocation is delayed, the company's profits could be impacted.
Hindalco currently needs more than 10 million tonnes of coal annually, some of which it gets from Talabira I, some from linkage with Coal India. The rest it buys through e-auctions. It recently started importing coal. Till date it has imported about 300,000 tonnes (0.3 mt) of coal. If Hindalco does not get all its mine re-allocated after the government auction of coal mines, it may have to increase imports of coal to replace the coal it used to get from Talabira I.
"The only incremental impact because of the cancellation of coal blocks would be on the cost of production at Hirakud smelter starting April 2015, which is not expected to be significant," Hindalco said in a regulatory filing on BSE on Thursday. While some analysts felt the impact could be marginal, others felt it would be significant.
Giriraj Daga, an analyst at Nirmal Bang, said, "Hindalco Industries will take a major hit as we had factored in the benefit of captive coal mines in our earnings estimates. We have assumed captive coal getting replaced by e-auction coal in our revised estimates." However, Chirag Shah, an analyst at Barclays, said, "We see a relatively muted potential cash outflow impact for Hindalco at about $100 million with regard to the currently operational Talabira I coal mine." Prasad Baji, an analyst at Edelweiss, also said the impact on Hindalco will be marginal.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Narendra Modi meets America CEOs: Key factsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Express 5: Will use SC coal order to clean up  look ahead  says Modi; Seema spins gold in Asian Games2014We recommend you go through these five stories from The Indian Express before starting your day.
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 30, 2014 8:31 am | Updated: September 30, 2014 10:08 am
1. Modi to America Inc.
Moving the action from the rapturous outdoors to a boardroom in a hotel, Prime Minister  Narendra Modi  on Monday met 11 top chief executives of America Inc.
READ: Modi to America Inc: Will use SC coal order to clean up, look ahead
2. Seema spins gold
One throw of 61.03m went a long way to add a golden hue to the rather smudged slate, and India won its first athletics gold — the fifth overall — at the Incheon Asian Games.
READ: Asian Games 2014: Two no-shows and two doping charges later, Seema spins gold
3. Why some Governors go abroad
Residents of India’s Raj Bhavans, generally expected to be inactive politically, seem, however, to be fairly active in matters of culture and community — sometimes pursuing these interests beyond national boundaries.
4. Opinion
The recent decision of the Supreme Court to deliver coal black justice raises a lot of questions.
READ: To Supreme Court, with anger, pain and shame
5. The flood effect
Following the worst-ever floods in Jammu & Kashmir earlier this month, the Centre has asked a team of experts to assess whether the Jhelum river can be diverted around Srinagar town to avoid a similar catastrophe in the future.

 Asia Stocks Unsettled by HK  Sluggish China FactoriesYou are here: Home Market
Asia Stocks Unsettled by HK, Sluggish China Factories
Reuters | Updated On: September 30, 2014 08:21 (IST)
Markets to Track Winter Session Action: Experts
Sydney: Asian markets were in hesitant mood on Tuesday as investors wondered what China's response would be to civil unrest in Hong Kong, while the US dollar was on track to post its biggest monthly gain in well over a year.
Tens of thousands of pro-democracy protesters blocked Hong Kong streets on Tuesday, in one of the biggest political challenges to Beijing since the Tiananmen Square crackdown 25 years ago.
The unrest was an added complication for investors amid long-standing concerns about the health of China's economy.
An HSBC survey of manufacturing (PMI) for September disappointed slightly by showing a final reading of 50.2, steady on August but down from its preliminary 50.5.
One bright spot was a measure of new export orders which climbed to a 4-1/2-year-high of 54.5.
The official version of the PMI is due on Wednesday and analysts look for a steady outcome around 51.0.
Hong Kong's Hang Seng Index shed another 0.9 per cent to its lowest in three months. MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan lost 0.5 per cent having already fallen sharply on Monday.
Chinese shares have been less troubled, perhaps because news and images of the protests are hard to come by on the mainland. The Shanghai index was flat near a 19-month peak while the CSI300 held steady.
In Japan, the latest data were so mixed that they offered little clarity about the actual state of the economy.
The figures suggested unemployment declined in August and retail sales rebounded, but also that household spending and industrial output had both fallen sharply.
The broad Topix index retreated 1.3 per cent and away from six-year highs, while the Nikkei fell 1.1 per cent.
Worryingly South Korea also reported a steep 3.8 per cent drop in industrial output in August, far worse than forecast and the biggest fall since the 2008 global financial crisis. Stocks in Seoul eased 0.6 per cent.
Asian markets got no help from Wall Street, where the Dow closed down 0.25 per cent on Monday, while the S&P 500 fell 0.25 per cent and the Nasdaq 0.14 per cent.
Shares of companies exposed to Hong Kong fell, with HSBC down 2.3 per cent and luxury goods group Richemont off 1.7 per cent.
MSCI's emerging markets index had also been dragged down by big losses in Brazil.
The Brazilian real fell to a near six-year low and the benchmark Bovespa index notched its biggest one-day drop in more than three years after a poll showed President Dilma Rousseff gaining on challenger Marina Silva ahead of Sunday's election. The Bovespa fell 4.5 per cent.
Dollar on a Roll
The US dollar hovered at a four-year peak against a basket of major currencies and its gains of 3.5 per cent so far this month were the largest since February 2013.
The dollar scaled a fresh six-year high of 109.75 yen overnight and last traded at 109.37. The euro came within a whisker of its November 2012 trough of $1.2661 before edging back to $1.2684.
One of the worst-performing major currencies this month was the New Zealand dollar, which is down nearly 7 per cent.
Data on Monday confirming the Reserve Bank of New Zealand had intervened to weaken the currency sent it as low as $0.7708, before a marginal bounce to $0.7766.
The stronger US dollar has been a heavy weight on many commodities since it makes them more expensive for buyers using other currencies.
Spot gold was down at $1,216.70 an ounce, not far from last week's trough at $1,206.85.
US crude oil eased back 23 cents to $94.34 a barrel, after managing a modest rally on Monday. Brent was off 15 cents at $97.05 and uncomfortably close to its recent two-year low.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

IDFC  DCB Bank  HDIL in FocusYou are here: Home Cheat Sheet
IDFC, DCB Bank, HDIL in Focus Today
NDTV | Updated On: September 30, 2014 08:58 (IST)
Tweet
The Nifty is likely to open lower on Tuesday as indicated by futures trade on Singapore Stock Exchange. Foreign investors turned net buyers of Indian equities on Monday after being net sellers for four days in a row. Foreign investors were net buyers to the tune of Rs 150 crore, whereas domestic investors bought shares worth Rs 235 crore in cash market on Monday. Market will look for triggers from RBI's credit policy due today.
Here are the stocks to track in trade today:
IDFC: The private equity division of IDFC, IDFC Alternative has reportedly sold a special economic zone (SEZ) in Pune and an IT park in Noida for a combined enterprise value of Rs 1,100 crore to private equity firm Blackstone Group LP.
DCB Bank: The bank has opened a qualified institutional placement (QIP) of equity shares upto Rs 275 crore on Monday. Price of the issue has been fixed at Rs 82 per share.
HDIL: Promoters of HDIL have revoked all their shares pledged with IL&FS Trust Company. Now all the shares in the promoter's category is non-pledged.
ABB India has own a Rs 172 crore order from Power Grid Company of Bangladesh for supply of four 132/33kv turnkey substations. Under this contract ABB will also help the company to expand its six other substations.
Tata Motors: Mayank Pareek, who was the former chief operating officer of Maruti Suzuki, will join Tata Motors on October 1. Mr Pareek will replace Ranjit Yadav to become to become its president of passenger vehicle business unit. Ranjit Yadav will now head international business.
Bhushan Steel: Neeraj Singal, vice-chairman and managing director of the company, who was arrested in August for allegedly offering bribes to a bank to raise the company's borrowing limit, has been released on bail on Monday.
Story first published on: September 30, 2014 08:58 (IST)

Taiwan President: Taiwanese People Are Watching Hong Kong CloselyTaiwan President Says Taiwanese People Are Watching Hong Kong Closely
Reuters
Updated:
09/28/2014  9:59 pm EDT
Ma Ying-jeou, Taiwan's president, pauses during an interview in the presidential palace in Taipei, Taiwan, on Thursday, July 25, 2013. (Photographer: Jerome Favre/Bloomberg via Getty Images) | Bloomberg via Getty Images
reddit
TAIPEI, Sept 29 (Reuters) - Taiwan President Ma Ying-jeou has said the Taiwanese people are paying close attention to the events in Hong Kong and hopes Hong Kong and China can come to a mutually acceptable solution on democracy.
Ma said in an interview with Al Jazeera the situation in Hong Kong would affect the world's perception of China. The interview was posted on the website of the President's Office at the weekend.
He said Taiwan still maintains it does not accept the "one country, two systems" under which China rules Hong Kong.
Taiwan and China separated in 1949 following a civil war between the Communists and Nationalists, who fled to Taiwan. Taiwan has been self-ruled since then, developing into a vibrant democracy, electing its own president and legislature.
China has never renounced the use of military force to take back Taiwan, which it regards as a renegade province. (Reporting by J.R. Wu; Editing by Paul Tait)
More:

Uptick in economy likely to reflect in salary hikes: 4 top pointsUptick in economy likely to reflect in salary hikes: 4 top points
ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi | Published:  Sep 30 2014, 08:24  IST
Sep 30 2014, 08:24  IST
 

Barack Obama hosts dinner for PM NarendraModiBarack Obama hosts dinner for PM Narendra Modi. (Source: MEA)
Press Trust of India | Washington | Posted: September 30, 2014 8:59 am | Updated: September 30, 2014 10:36 am
President Barack Obama on Tuesday hosted a private dinner for Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the White House here, ahead of their summit level talks.
Modi was welcomed by Obama who greeted him in Gujarati, “Kem Chho?” (how are you?), the mother tongue of the Prime Minister.
Set in an informal ambiance, the dinner is the first opportunity for both the leaders to interact with each other.
First Lady Michelle Obama, however, gave the dinner a miss. Both the leaders were joined by 20 attendees at the dinner. The President was joined by Vice President Joe Biden, Secretary of State John Kerry and National Security Advisor Susan Rice among others.
Modi was accompanied by External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj, National Security Advisor Ajit Doval and Indian Ambassador to the US, S Jaishankar among others.
As Obama hosted Modi for dinner, the local Indian- Americans celebrated the Modi-Obama meeting by organizing a cultural event and performing “Garbha” dance in front of the White House.
With President @BarackObama . We had a wonderful meeting and talked about a wide range of issues. pic.twitter.com/MRDjEjujCn
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) September 30, 2014
A small group of Kashmir separatists and Sikh separatists also held a protest outside the White House building, but they were far out numbered by the pro-Modi supporters.
There was an unprecedented level of security in and around the White House and Blair House, the official guest house of the US President, in view of the two recent security breaches.
The first meeting. Prez @BarackObama escorts PM @narendramodi to the dinner at their 1st meeting in the White House. pic.twitter.com/6FJuGqO7Qg
— Syed Akbaruddin (@MEAIndia) September 30, 2014
The Pennsylvania Avenue was closed for most part in the evening and the pro-Modi group and anti-India protesters were pushed far behind when the motorcade crossed the avenue on its way to the White House.
Smiles to end the day.Minister @SushmaSwaraj wit draws smiles from Secy @JohnKerry & laughs from Prez @BarackObama pic.twitter.com/e6GWVYVO5F
— Syed Akbaruddin (@MEAIndia) September 30, 2014
Obama received Modi at the South Gate of the White House and the dinner was held in Blue Room of the President’s official residence.
The Blue Room is used for receptions and receiving lines, and is occasionally set for small dinners.

Narendra Modis grand reception in NY reflects deep cultural ties: WhiteHousePress Trust of India | Washington | Posted: September 30, 2014 8:58 am
The “rock-star” treatment given to Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the prestigious Madison Square Garden by some 20,000 Indian-American people is the reflective of the “deep cultural ties” between the two countries, the White House has said.
“I think the strong turnout at that event and the enthusiastic reaction highlights the deep cultural ties that exist between the United States and India; that there are so many immigrants from India to the United States that are now interwoven into communities all across the countries,” White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said on Monday.
He was responding to questions about the historic turnout of some 20,000 Indian diaspora who had turned up from various parts of the country to attend the reception for Modi at the prestigious MSG in New York City on Sunday. “I think that just highlights one other way in which the relationship between our two countries is so important,” Earnest said.
On Sunday, Modi joined a long, but exclusive list of international singers and film stars among others who have spoken at the iconic Madison Square Garden. Modi was perhaps the first international delegate from a country to speak at this venue, which opened on February 11, 1968.

RBI monetary policy: Raghuram Rajan expected to hold interest ratessteadyReserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan kept its key policy repo rate unchanged at 8 per cent. (PTI)
Reuters | Mumbai | Posted: September 30, 2014 8:51 am | Updated: September 30, 2014 11:55 am
Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan today left all key rates unchanged citing increased risks to inflation and difficult external situation especially on the geopolitical front.
This is the fourth consecutive time that the RBI has kept key interest rates unchanged despite clamours from the industry to cut rates to boost economy.
The short-term lending rate (repo) rate now stands at 8 per cent, and the cash reserve requirement of banks at 4 per cent. The statutory liquidity ratio (SLR) has also been retained at 22 per cent.
Explaining the rationale for status quo policy, Rajan said though WPI inflation has ebbed to levels consistent with 8 per cent inflation by January 2015, “there are risks from food price shocks as the full effects of the monsoon’s passage unfold, and from geo-political developments that could materialise rapidly.”
He said that there are “uncertainties” over food inflation even though 6 per cent retail inflation target by January 2016 remains a possibility.
“The future policy stance will be influenced by the RBI’s projections of inflation relative to the medium term objective of 6 percent by January 2016, while being contingent on incoming data,” Rajan said.
The RBI also retained the growth projection for the current fiscal at 5.5 per cent. The apex bank sees FY16 growth at 6.3 per cent.
Stock markets remained flat with BSE Sensex at 26,626 points.
 

Narendra Modi promises US CEOs a return to marketreformsNarendra Modi (2nd R) attends a breakfast meeting with CEOs in Manhattan, New York. (Reuters)
Reuters | Posted: September 30, 2014 8:45 am
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi told nearly a dozen US company chiefs on Monday that he is committed to liberalizing his country’s economy, which has underperformed other emerging markets recently after years of breakneck growth.
Modi spoke at a breakfast with 11 chief executive officers during his first US visit since coming came to power in May, vowing to get India’s economy back on track.
The prime minister was headed to Washington for a private working dinner with President Barack Obama on the fourth day of the visit. Modi, however, is fasting.
Among those attending the breakfast at the New York Palace Hotel were the CEOs of Caterpillar Inc and Boeing Co .
“He wasn’t at all like the politicians we’re used to here,” said Caterpillar Chairman and CEO Doug Oberhelman, who shared his impressions of the breakfast meeting with Reuters.
“He acknowledged that the last five years have been very difficult for the Indian population, the Indian economy and the world in general, and he vowed and promised to change that. I believed him. He was very serious. … I was genuinely quite impressed.”
However, some US business groups have questioned Modi’s reformist credentials.
Last week, the US Chamber of Commerce and 15 other business associations representing various sectors gave a more cautious assessment of the prime minister’s record so far.
Modi also alarmed some foes of government tinkering with business last week when he said in India that multinational soft-drink giants PepsiCo Inc and Coca-Cola Co should help increase sales by Indian farmers by adding fresh fruit juices to their fizzy drinks.
In a letter to Obama, the US business groups urged the president to press Modi to remove barriers to trade when the two leaders meet on Monday and Tuesday
The letter highlighted India’s blockage of a key World Trade Organization agreement reached last year, which overshadowed a July 30-Aug. 1 visit to India by US Secretary of State John Kerry. The business alliance also complained about India’s raised tariffs and “burdensome” new testing requirements on imported information and communication technology products.
Last week, US congressional leaders on trade and finance wrote to the US International Trade Commission calling for a second investigation into India’s “unfair” trade practices, detailing any changes under Modi.
In a speech at the Council on Foreign Relations think tank on Monday before heading to Washington, Modi reiterated India’s WTO stance, saying that while India supported the trade pact, its demands for food stockpiles were not incompatible with it.
He stressed his campaign to encourage manufacturing in India and the country’s desire for US research and technology, something US firms have been reluctant to share without stronger Indian intellectual property protections
India, which once seemed to vie with China for the title of fastest-growing developing economy, has stumbled in recent years as a spate of scandals undermined continued…

Narendra Modi  Obama release US-India vision statement Chalein SaathSaathNarendra Modi (2nd R) attends a breakfast meeting with CEOs in Manhattan, New York. (Reuters)
Express News Service | Washington | Posted: September 30, 2014 7:41 am | Updated: September 30, 2014 8:48 am
“Chalein Saath Saath, forward together we go”, is how the India-US joint vision statement, released after Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s meeting with President Barack Obama, begins. “As leaders of two great democratic nations with diverse traditions and faiths, we share a vision for a partnership in which the United States and India work together, not just for the benefit of both our nations, but for the benefit of the world,” it goes on to add.
The statement says both countries will support an “open and inclusive rules-based global order, in which India assumes greater multilateral responsibility, including in a reformed United Nations Security Council”. The full statement is below:
“Chalein Saath Saath: Forward Together We Go”
Chalein Saath Saath, forward together we go. As leaders of two great democratic nations with diverse traditions and faiths, we share a vision for a partnership in which the United States and India work together, not just for the benefit of both our nations, but for the benefit of the world.
 
We have vastly different histories, but both our founders sought to guarantee freedoms that allow our citizens to determine their own destiny and pursue their personal aspirations. Our strategic partnership rests on our shared mission to provide equal opportunity for our people through democracy and freedom.
READ:  Clintons meet Narendra Modi
The currents of kinship and commerce, scholarship and science tie our countries together. They allow us to rise above differences by maintaining the long-term perspective. Every day, in myriad ways, our cooperation fortifies a relationship that matches the innumerable ties between our peoples, who have produced works of art and music, invented cutting-edge technology, and responded to crises across the globe.
Our strategic partnership is a joint endeavor for prosperity and peace. Through intense consultations, joint exercises, and shared technology, our security cooperation will make the region and the world safe and secure. Together, we will combat terrorist threats and keep our homelands and citizens safe from attacks, while we respond expeditiously to humanitarian disasters and crises. We will prevent the spread of weapons of mass destruction, and remain committed to reducing the salience of nuclear weapons, while promoting universal, verifiable, and non-discriminatory nuclear disarmament.
We will support an open and inclusive rules-based global order, in which India assumes greater multilateral responsibility, including in a reformed United Nations Security Council. At the United Nations and beyond, our close coordination will lead to a more secure and just world.
Climate change threatens both our countries, and we will join together to mitigate its impact and adapt to our changing environment. We will address the consequences continued…

Amanda Bynes arrested for DUILos Angeles, September 30, 2014
Updated: September 30, 2014 09:06 IST
Amanda Bynes arrested for DUI
DPA
AP US actress Amanda Bynes
TOPICS
celebrity
US actress Amanda Bynes was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence of a controlled substance, according to the police incident report released on Monday.
A California Highway Patrol officer stopped Bynes, 28, after she allegedly failed to stop at a red light and then stopped in the middle of an intersection in the Van Nuys neighbourhood of Los Angeles early Sunday, the report said. The former child star was said to be under the influence of an unidentified drug after being evaluated at a nearby police station, the California Highway Patrol said in the report.
Bynes was released from jail after posting a $15,000 bail.
The actress, who rose to fame as a child TV star on Nickelodeon and graduated to the big screen, publicly struggled with health issues in 2013.

Indian rupee opens lower at 61.60 per dollarSep 30, 2014, 09.08 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Indian rupee opens lower at 61.60 per dollar
Expect the USD/INR pair to trade in 60-61 range as of now, although it will perform better than its peers, says Ashutosh Raina of HDFC Bank.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Indian rupee opens lower at 61.60 per dollar
Expect the USD/INR pair to trade in 60-61 range as of now, although it will perform better than its peers, says Ashutosh Raina of HDFC Bank.
Post your opinion here
 
The Indian rupee opened marginally lower at 61.60 per dollar on Tuesday as against previous day's closing of 61.53 a dollar.
Also Read - Edelweiss expects RBI to keep policy rates unchanged
The dollar was hovering at a four-year peak against a basket of major currencies on track to post its biggest monthly gain in well over a year.
Ashutosh Raina of HDFC Bank said, "The focus will be on RBI credit policy today. Globally, the dollar strength continues to be the theme with dollar index settling above the 85 level. Expect the USD/INR pair to trade in 60-61 range as of now, although it will perform better than its peers."
RELATED NEWS

Market to open in red: Ventura SecuritiesLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Market to open in red: Ventura Securities
According to Ventura Securities, market to open in red as negative sentiments persists in global markets.
Post your opinion here
 
Ventura Securities' Fundamental Report:
Sensex, on Monday, fell 29 points and closed at 26,597. Ongoing political unrest in Hong kong and cautiousness ahead of RBI’s monetary policy weighed on investor sentiments.
Among sectors, Metals, FMCG, Bankex and PSU fell the most. Among stocks, Sesa Sterlite, Tata Steel, Coal India, ITC and Bajaj Auto declined sharply. However, the market breadth was positive with 1,872 advances against 1,074 declines.
Nifty closed flat at 7,959. Today we expect the markets to open in red as negative sentiments persists in the global markets on account of rising political unrest in Hong Kong, which if persists, could pose an economic threat, especially to the bustling tourism and retail sectors.
US markets ended the day on a negative note with Dow Jones down 0.25 percent and Nasdaq down 0.14 percent as investor sentiments took a beating with Hong Kong worries and gain in dollar. Today we will see data releases on CB Consumer Confidence, Chicago PMI and S&P/CSComposite-20 HPI y/y.
Asian markets are trading on a negative note with Hang Seng down 1.43 percent and Nikkei down 1.47 percent. SGX Nifty is trading down27 points at 7,983.
Indian ADRs ended the day on a mixed note. Among financial ADRs, ICICI Bank was down 2.5 percent and HDFC Bank was down 2.75 percent. Among IT ADRs, Wipro was up 2.74 percent and Infosys up 0.73 percent. Tata Motors was down by 2.57 percent.
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
RELATED NEWS

Not even a citrus-based superhero can save orange juiceA frost is the least of big OJ's problems. (Reuters/Scott Audette)
SHARE
Max Nisen @MaxNisen
September 29, 2014
In an effort to turn around a years-long freefall in the consumption of orange juice, the Florida Department of Citrus recently revamped its mascot  (paywall). Instead of a friendly, orange shaped chap , the new Captain Citrus is a heavily muscled Marvel-designed superhero who joins the Avengers to beat up robots in a promotional comic book.
At this point, it might need actual superpowers to save orange juice. Not only is a record bad harvest, caused by “citrus greening,” pushing up prices and killing profits, sugar conscious Americans just don’t like orange juice as much. Sales hit their lowest levels in 15 years last year. Ongoing price jumps, carb consciousness,  the death of breakfast, and many other factors make a decline seem inevitable .
The pitch for orange juice continues to be nutrition focused. Captain Citrus goes to Florida schools to make exactly that case. But high levels of vitamin C and potassium don’t hold up that well against the fact that your average serving of orange juice has as much sugar as some candy bars and nearly as much as a Coke.
The branding is more musclebound, but the message is the same—and it’s one that consumers don’t buy anymore.
New product lines focus on making orange juice less juice-like. Both Coke and Pepsi have released low sugar, low calorie orange juices, and have made significant investments in markets with room to grow,  like coconut water .
Share this:

Modi keeps away from exquisite food at dinner with ObamaModi keeps away from exquisite food at dinner with Obama
UN welcomes inauguration of new Afghan presidentUN welcomes inauguration of new Afghan president
RBI Policy preview: Status quo likelyRBI Policy preview: Status quo likely
Corporate Earnings to GrowCorporate Earnings to Grow
Financial Technologies exits MCXFinancial Technologies exits MCX
Hong Kong protesters dig inHong Kong protesters dig in
Obama  Modi may discuss human rights issues in summit talksObama  Modi may discuss human rights issues in summit talks
Here are top 10 stocks to keep an eye on Sep 30Here are top 10 stocks to keep an eye on Sep 30
Obamacare Critics Just Lost Another Talking PointObamacare Critics Just Lost Another Talking Point
Posted:
Updated:
09/26/2014  1:59 pm EDT
More health insurance companies will sell coverage on the Obamacare exchanges for next year, Health and Human Services Secretary Sylvia Mathews Burwell announced Tuesday. | AP Photo/Susan Walsh
reddit
Obamacare's so-called government takeover of health care was supposed to destroy the private insurance market. Somebody forgot to tell the health insurance companies.
More health insurers are signing on to participate in Obamacare, Health and Human Services Secretary Sylvia Mathews Burwell said during a speech Tuesday at the Brookings Institution in Washington.
The number of companies offering plans on the Affordable Care Act's health insurance exchange marketplaces for 2015 will jump to 248, a 25 percent increase over this year, in the 44 states where the numbers are available.
The department offered details in a report published at the time of Burwell's remarks.
The increase in participating companies discredits a line of attack against the 4-year-old health care law that said it would crush competition.
UnitedHealth Group, one of the largest insurers in the country, plans to sell coverage on exchanges in more than 20 states for 2015 after sitting out this year in many states where it offered other plans. The firm will join other big players including WellPoint, which sold more exchange plans than any other insurance carrier ; Humana; and Aetna, along with numerous state-based Blue Cross and Blue Shield plans. Some major insurance companies continue to avoid the exchanges, however. Wellmark Blue Cross and Blue Shield, the leading insurer in Iowa and South Dakota, is staying out of the exchanges in those states for the second year of enrollment.
Health insurance premiums tend to be lower in markets where multiple plans compete than in locales where one or two companies dominate. Although full information about premium prices on the Obamacare exchanges next year isn't yet available, the consulting firm PricewaterhouseCoopers estimates the average rise will be 7 percent. That is similar to or smaller than price hikes in the years before Obamacare, and rate increases and decreases will vary greatly across the country.
The 25 percent increase in plans on the exchanges for next year represents 77 new health insurance companies joining and 14 leaving. According to the HHS report, California is the only state where fewer insurers will sell coverage on its exchange. Information wasn't provided about Kentucky, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Nevada, Oregon or Vermont. Underscoring the volatility in this new health insurance market, Minnesota's exchange has lost its most popular insurer , meaning some customers will have to select new coverage for next year.
Nine states included in the HHS report will have the same number of health insurance companies in their exchanges for next year as they did in 2014, but the remaining 34 states will have more. Notably, New Hampshire and West Virginia each had only one insurer selling policies on its exchange for last year; for 2015, the states will have five and two, respectively. Indiana will see the most new insurers, with options rising from four to nine. New York has the most insurers in its exchange with 17.
Open enrollment on the health insurance exchanges begins Nov. 15 and runs through Feb. 15.
An estimated 7.3 million people were fully enrolled in private health insurance plans purchased via the exchanges where people buy health insurance as of Aug. 15, Burwell disclosed last week. In addition, millions have been added to the Medicaid and Children's Health Insurance Program rolls since the first Obamacare sign-up period started last October. As a result, more than 10 million previously uninsured people gained coverage , according to an analysis by HHS and the Harvard School of Public Health that was published in the New England Journal of Medicine in July.
But Obamacare enrollment hasn't reached anywhere near its potential -- particularly in the private market. The Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation estimates the Obamacare exchanges could ultimately sign up almost 29 million people for private health insurance.
This story has been updated to replace outdated information from PricewaterhouseCoopers about projected health insurance increases next year.
More:

Sensex gains 158 pointsUpdated: September 27, 2014 00:16 IST
Sensex gains 158 points
The Hindu After touching a low of 26,220.49 points in early trade, Sensex bounced back to close higher at 26,626.32 points.
TOPICS
market and exchange
In a volatile trade, stocks gained and rupee rebounded from low levels against the dollar following the rating upgrade by international rating agency, Standard & Poor’s (S&P) on India’s sovereign credit outlook from ‘negative’ to ‘stable’.
The rupee closed at 61.14 a dollar compared to its previous close of 61.34 on Thursday. Earlier it touched a low of 61.62 intra-day.
The Bombay Stock Exchange (Sensex) 30-share Sensitive Index (Sensex) closed at 26626.32 with a gain of 157.96 points or 0.60 per cent.
Metal stocks gained the most among sectoral indices with 2.49 per cent followed by realty 2.27 per cent, banks 1.91 per cent, capital goods 1.56 per cent, healthcare 1.41 per cent, oil & gas 1.25 per cent and power 1.22 per cent.
However, technology stocks at 0.55 per cent, FMCG at 0.52 per cent and consumer durables at 0.16 per cent ended in the negative territory. On the National Stock Exchange (NSE), the 50-share Nifty closed at 7968.85 with a gain of 57 points.
“Markets remained volatile on Friday but bounced back at the end of trading session as S&P upgraded the outlook on the India’s credit,” said Sanjeev Zarbade, Vice President- Private Client Group Research, Kotak Securities.

Gold shines on festive demand  rises up to Rs. 590New Delhi, September 26, 2014
Updated: September 26, 2014 19:06 IST
Gold shines on festive demand, rises up to Rs. 590
PTI
gold and precious material
Gold on Friday regained its sheen in the country’s major bullion markets with prices soaring up to Rs. 590, the second biggest single-day gain this year on emergence of buying by jewellers and retailers, triggered by ongoing festive and wedding season.
In the national capital, gold prices climbed the most by Rs. 590 to Rs 27,550 per 10 grams. The precious metal has recorded the biggest rise since June 20 this year when it had gained Rs. 605 to Rs. 28,625 per 10 grams.
In Kolkata, the precious metal recorded a significant rise of Rs. 320 to Rs. 27,285 per 10 grams, while it gained Rs. 270 at Rs. 27,190 per 10 grams in Chennai.
The precious metal rose by Rs. 190 to Rs. 26,905 per 10 grams in Mumbai.
Bullion traders attributed the rise in precious metal prices to emergence of buying by jewellers and retailers driven by ongoing ‘Navratri’, considered as an auspicious week for making new purchases according to Hindu mythology.
Besides, a better trend overseas ahead of US GDP data also influenced bullion prices on the domestic markets, they said.
Gold prices in London, which normally determines the domestic rate trend, rose by 0.1 per cent to $1,222.64 an ounce and silver by 0.5 per cent to $17.61 an ounce in early trade.
In futures trade, the October contracts of the metal, however, was trading 0.53 per cent lower at Rs. 26,792 per 10 grams on the MCX.

Apple Stock Is Getting Slammedreddit
Apple shares are sinking under the weight of too many -gates.
Apple's stock price was down 3 percent on Thursday morning. This is probably because you can't fly a dead-cat-copter without hitting some story about problems with Apple's new phones and software. Here is a chart, courtesy of Yahoo Finance:
On Wednesday Apple yanked back an update for its new mobile operating system, iOS 8, after it was found to be riddled with bugs, a controversy quickly dubbed " iOS8gate " because we can never stop labeling scandals with the suffix "-gate." And the Internet is having all kinds of fun with reports that the iPhone 6 Plus might bend in your pocket -- a real bummer if you've paid nearly $800 for it. This embarrassment is known, predictably, as " bendgate ." Although " bendghazi " is cleverer.
It's the worst day for Apple stock since September 3 , when another mess of trouble, including naked celebrity photos getting hacked from the iCloud -- "celebgate," naturally -- sent Apple's stock price down 4 percent. It bounced back to a new record high within days. Then the floodgate of -gates opened again.
Update-gate: Apple has responded to bendgate, declaring that only 9 people have so far complained of bendy phones. This did not help the stock, which ended trading down nearly 4 percent.
Also on HuffPost:

Multiple beneficial driversE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Four foods to help increase muscle tonelifestyle
Four foods to help increase muscle tone
If you haven’t given your body the nutrients it needs, no matter how much you work them, your muscles won’t benefit from your exercises as much as they would do if they were nourished.
Calcium: Calcium is vital for maintaining strong healthy bones and muscles. When exercising your muscles need to contract. This helps them to grow. However, without calcium, your body wouldn’t send your muscles the signal to contract. This means that they wouldn’t be able to perform the exercise properly and your body would struggle to achieve good muscle tone.  Foods high in calcium include cheese, milk, broccoli and almonds.
Vitamin D: This is essential for muscle contraction, function, strength and growth so if you want to get the most from your workout, make sure that you include foods rich in Vitamin D in your diet.  Foods high in Vitamin D include oily fish such as mackerel, salmon and sardines, and eggs.
Protein: Protein is key in building muscle, it’s ideal to eat after your workout to help recover the muscles too.  It can be found in oily fish, lean meat such as turkey or beef, tofu, cheese and eggs.
Related

IDBI Bank shares gain post hike in rupee borrowing limitIDBI Bank shares gain after board raises rupee borrowing limit to Rs 15,000 crore
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 29, 2014  | 12:59 IST
Photo: Reuters
IDBI Bank shares on Monday rose by over 3 per cent as its board of directors approved enhancing the rupee borrowing limit to Rs 15,000 crore and infusing an additional capital of over Rs 58 crore in a subsidiary firm.
The bank's scrip gained 3.35 per cent to Rs 64.75 on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).
On the National Stock Exchange (NSE), the stock was up 3.34 per cent to Rs 64.80.
The Board of Directors approved "enhancement in rupee borrowing limit from the present limit of Rs 4,000 crore to Rs 15,000 crore, subject to compliance with all applicable laws," IDBI Bank said in a filing to the BSE on Friday.
It also gave its nod to "infusion of additional capital of Rs 58.34 crore by way of equity in IDBI Asset Management, bank's subsidiary company, to meet the growth requirements of IAML besides maintaining net worth," the bank said.

PM announces slew of visa sops for Indian-AmericansBarun Jha and Priyanka Tikoo     New York   Last Updated: September 29, 2014  | 15:01 IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi (Photo: Reuters)
The next Pravasi Diwas will be held in Ahmedabad in January 8-9 next year, Prime Minister Narendra Modi said in New York on Sunday and announced various steps for the benefit of Non-Resident Indians including life-long visa for Person of Indian Origin (PIO) card holders.
He also announced visa on arrival facility for the American citizens and electronic arrival authorisation for them.
Person of Indian Origin and Overseas Indian citizen category to be merged to create a single category to remove the discrepancies and to help those whose spouses are of different nationality. There will not be any police reporting for those staying for long durations.
Outsourcing services will be provided to give faster and hassle free service to NRI , he said, adding he may have been living miles apart but he can understand their problems.
The Pravasi Diwas will coincide with the 100 years of coming back of Mahatma Gandhi next year, he said.
(PTI)

Doha Bank seeks shareholder nod for India assets buyDoha Bank seeks shareholders nod to buy HSBC Bank Oman's India assets
Tom Arnold     Dubai   Last Updated: September 29, 2014  | 14:35 IST
A general view shows HSBC Bank Tower (L) and Doha Bank Tower (R) in Doha, Qatar (Photo: Reuters)
The board of Doha Bank, Qatar's fifth-largest lender by assets, has authorised the purchase of the Indian assets of HSBC Bank Oman, and has called a shareholder meeting in November to approve the deal, it said in a statement on Monday.
The transaction value was not given in the statement to the Qatar Stock Exchange.
HSBC Bank Oman, an affiliate of HSBC Holding, had said in April that it had approved the sale of its Indian business to Doha Bank. The Omani lender said then it had two branches and gross assets worth Rs 3.5 billion ($57 million) at the end of 2013.
Shareholders at the meeting will also be asked to approve the bank's issuing of debt instruments of up to $2 billion, with no single deal exceeding $750 million, it said.
The Qatar-based Bank had in March 2012 sold one bond, which was five-year issue worth $500 million and priced at a spread of 262.5 basis points over midswaps.
The offering was trading at a z-spread of 97.3 basis points at 6:30 am.
(Reuters)

Sensex  Nifty flat as traders cautious; ITC drags 1%Sep 29, 2014, 01.59 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex, Nifty flat as traders cautious; ITC drags 1%
Sun Pharma, TCS, BHEL, Infosys and GAIL are top gainers while Hindalco, ITC, HUL, Tata Steel and Bajaj Auto are laggards.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex, Nifty flat as traders cautious; ITC drags 1%
Sun Pharma, TCS, BHEL, Infosys and GAIL are top gainers while Hindalco, ITC, HUL, Tata Steel and Bajaj Auto are laggards.
Post your opinion here
13:00
Moneycontrol Bureau
1:50 pm Market outlook: Ambit has introduced 15 stocks in its core opportunities portfolio to benefit from the economic revival. These include Bharat Forge , Ramkrishna Forgings , Alstom T&D and PTC India Financial among others. In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Andrew Holland, CEO of Ambit Investment Advisors, said manufacturing sector will play a key role in India’s economy, which this time around will be more ‘domestic-driven’ than outsourcing based, seen in 2003-2006.
Once the government’s kick starts the infrastructure reforms, it will have a multiplier effect on the economy, Holland said. Ambit is upbeat on the companies that are into supply side of this growth story. Ambit sees GDP growth to increase by 1 percent and says the country is likely to see significant FDI in insurance. It expects the road sector to see 8,500-km contract in FY15, and engineering, construction sectors to get big boost.
1:30 pm Buzzing: Shares of IDBI Bank was up 3 percent intraday after its board meeting. In the meeting held on September 26, the board has approved to increase borrowing limit to Rs 15000 crore from Rs 4000 crore.
“The board of directors has approved enhancement in rupee borrowing limit from the present limit of Rs. 4000 crore (approved by the shareholders on September 02, 2014) to Rs 15000 crore subject to compliance with all applicable laws, regulations & guidelines as well as the approval of shareholders to be obtained in terms of Section 42 of the Companies Act, 2013 by postal ballot,” it said in a statement.
Also, the board has approved to infuse additional capital of Rs 58.34 crore by way of equity in its subsidiary compnay IDBI Asset Management to meet its growth requirements.
Don't miss: Tourism stocks rally, Modi grants lifetime visas for PIOs
The market seems to be tired on first day of week as traders are cautious ahead of RBI policy review. The Sensex is up 23.97 points at 26650.29 and the Nifty is up 2.35 points at 7971.20. About 1851 shares have advanced, 833 shares declined, and 77 shares are unchanged. 
Sun Pharma, TCS, BHEL, Infosys and GAIL are top gainers while Hindalco, ITC, HUL, Tata Steel and Bajaj Auto are laggards.
Crude oil futures eased by 0.59 percent to Rs 5,741 per barrel today as speculators reduced their exposures amid a weakening trend in Asian trade. The trading sentiment eased at futures trade after crude oil prices fell in Asian trade today as the US dollar strengthened, analysts said.
Meanwhile, West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude forNovember delivery dropped 59 cents to USD 92.95, while Brent crude for November fell 25 cents to USD 96.75 a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange in mid-morning trade.
 

BSE Sensex falls 82 pts in early trade on profit-bookingE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Microsoft boss Nadella promises cooperation in Chinese antitrust probeE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Reliance Mutual Fund to launch India-focussed funds abroadE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

India s VA Tech Wabag gains; Standard Chartered starts at  outperformE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Oil & Gas Analyst ICICI SecuritiesExpertise : Commodities 
Rohit Ahuja is a Lead Analyst (Oil & Gas) at ICICI Securities. He has over 8 years of experience in Oil & Gas segment.
ABOUT Rohit Ahuja
Rohit Ahuja is a Lead Analyst (Oil & Gas) at ICICI Securities. He has over 8 years of experience in Oil & Gas segment.

Arun Jaitley in isolation ward  may skip US tripStory
Arun Jaitley in isolation ward, may skip US trip
Manoj Kumar, Nigam Prusty and Frank Jack Daniel     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 29, 2014  | 18:03 IST
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley (Photo: Reuters)
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley may have to cancel a trip to the United States in October after he was moved to an isolation ward of a government-run hospital to help him recover from an infection that followed a stomach operation to treat diabetes.
Jaitley is due to attend a World Bank meeting on October 10-12 in Washington, where he is also expected to meet senior government officials. He was due to leave on October 8.
"It seem doubtful that he would be able to take stress for the long journey to the US and participate in the World Bank meeting," said a senior finance ministry official, adding the final decision would be taken in consultation with his doctors.
The 61-year-old lawyer, who also holds the defence portfolio in Prime Minister Narendra Modi's four-month-old government, had to skip a meeting of finance ministers from the Group of 20 nations in Australia this month.
Jaitley was expected to visit the Pentagon during his trip to Washington.
Jaitley was admitted to a private hospital in New Delhi on September 1 for gastric bypass surgery to treat weight gain he has suffered because of a long-standing diabetic condition. He was re-admitted to hospital last week, a doctor who operated on him said.
Jaitley, who had heart surgery several years ago, was moved to the isolation ward in a government hospital on Sunday to reduce the number of people visiting him after he contracted an infection, doctor Pradeep Chowbey told Reuters.
"He has been lodged in the All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) hospital to ensure control over people visiting him - a reason for him getting the infection," said Chowbey, referring to the AIIMS.
A medical source said Jaitley's weak immune system was affected after he ate at a state dinner hosted during a visit to India by Chinese president Xi Jinping .
"He should have avoided that food, which was cooked hours before it was served. He needs to strictly follow the regimen and take proper rest for next few days," the source said.
Officials said Jaitley's absence from two key ministries for almost a month had begun to slow decision-making, including delays to appointments of officials such as the chief economic adviser in the finance ministry .
"We need a full-time minister to lead the ministry," said the finance ministry official, adding the government still had to start raising more than 584 billion rupees ($9.51 billion) through the sale of government stakes in state-run and private companies. He said minister's absence was also affecting work on a new goods and services tax, a key part of the minister's agenda.
(Reuters)

Mercedes expects double digit growth from IndiaUpdated: September 29, 2014 19:05 IST
Mercedes expects double digit growth from India
PTI
The Hindu The car maker is doubling capacity at its Pune plant by 20,000 units at an investment of Rs. 250 crore. File Photo
TOPICS
sales
Luxury car-maker Mercedes Benz is expecting double digit growth this year from India and would be focusing on Tier II and III cities, a top company official said on Monday.
“We expect a double-digit growth this year in India,” Mercedes Benz India Managing Director and CEO Eberhard Kern told reporters in Kochi.
While the growth last year was 32 per cent in the country, the German luxury car maker has already touched 25 per cent from January-June 2014.
He said 4,717 units of Mercedes Benz were sold in the six month period in the country, against 3,765 during the period last year. In Kerala, 281 were sold in the first half of this year against 581 cars sold last year during the period in the state.
The car maker will focus on Tier II and III cities by opening new dealerships and offering world class service in these cities. Mercedes Benz draws 55 per cent sales from smaller towns compared to a compound 45 per cent sales from metros like Delhi and Mumbai, he said.
Upbeat about the Kerala market, he said sales of luxury cars was growing faster in the state and 35 per cent growth has been registered from Jan-June.
The luxury car market was stagnant and was declining a bit. However, since May this year a positive trend was being seen in the total market. Since the Lok Sabha elections, there is positive sentiment, he added.
Eight new products have already been launched and two more would be launched by December this year. Fourteen new dealerships would be added this year in the country.
The car maker is doubling capacity at its Pune plant by 20,000 units at an investment of Rs. 250 crore.
Asked about the Kerala government’s recent decision to hike taxes on luxury cars by 20 per cent, Kern said, “Taxes in India are the highest in the world. We can’t do anything about it. We have to accept and live with it. It might affect business,” he said, adding, total tax collection will come down if volumes go down. In the short term, demand could be affected, he said.
Kern was here to inaugurate a 22,000 sq ft showroom where 19 cars can be displayed. There are exclusive zones for accessories, customer lounge, cafe and kid’s play area, S Sivakumar, Managing Director Rajasree motors, said.
This will be one of the largest sales outlet of the car maker in the country.

Samsung s thinnest smartphone comes to India at Rs 39 990Home
Samsung's thinnest smartphone comes to India at Rs 39,990
The Samsung Galaxy Alpha with a display of 4.7 inches has a 12 mega pixel rear camera and 2.1 mega pixel front camera, 32 GB internal memory and 2 GB RAM.
Yahoo India Mon 29 Sep, 2014
More Photos
Prev Next
Samsung Electronics unveiled its thinnest smartphone, the Galaxy Alpha, which will be available for Rs 39,990 from October first week in India.
Samsung Electronics unveiled its thinnest smartphone, the Galaxy Alpha, which will be available for Rs 39,990 from October first week in India.

UST Global launches mobile app to provide healthcare at remote placesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Useful tip: How to get a personal loan at lower interest rateEvaluating personal loan against fixed deposits
CreditVidya –  Mon 22 Sep, 2014 1:44 PM IST
View Gallery
How banks calculate loan eligibility
Managing liquidity is an important aspect of personal financial planning. Even individuals with good investment portfolios find it difficult to manage liquidity. A sudden requirement of cash can push an individual into a situation where he may have to sell his assets, sometimes at a discount to fair value. However if smartly used the traditional bank fixed deposits can come to rescue. The banks offer personal loans against bank fixed deposits, whereby one can raise short term money without breaking your fixed deposits.
Another advantage the borrower enjoys is the low interest rates as compared to other personal loans. Most banks offer personal loans at a rate of interest ranging between 16% and 24%. But a personal loan taken against fixed deposit ensures that you pay just 1% more than the rate of interest payable than the fixed deposit. For example, a bank pays 9% rate of interest on a three year fixed deposit, then the rate of interest payable on the personal loan raised against it would be 10%. This saves a lot of money which otherwise would have been paid as interest had it been a traditional personal loan backed by no security.
Personal loan against bank fixed deposit is easy to obtain and the process generally takes less than one day. The individual has to submit application form duly filled, fixed deposit receipts and other documents such as pledge/lien letter, overdraft agreement as notified by the bank. There is no prepayment penalty charged by the bank on the repayment of personal loans against fixed deposit. Banks do charge a small processing fee while giving this loan. However, if you have a long standing relationship with the bank, the banks may choose to waive half the fees.
Banks offer generally 90% of the value of the fixed deposit. For example, if you have made a fixed deposit with a bank just one month back, the bank would be offering you a personal loan to the extent of 90% of the amount you invested. If the fixed deposit has already run for two years, then the bank would be comfortable lending you bit more money than the amount you invested, since some interest is accrued on it in the past two years. Put simply, the amount of loan offered against a fixed deposit would be closer to 90% of the value of the fixed deposit. If the borrower fails to service the loan, the bank has the right to foreclose the fixed deposit to recover the money lent. This also means that the tenure of the personal loan given against bank fixed deposit cannot exceed the residual tenure of the bank fixed deposit.
Banks offer overdraft facility against bank fixed deposit. This enables borrowers to have access to liquidity. The borrower can use funds for short period of time and repay the money much before the last date. This way he pays interest only for the time he has availed cash from the bank. For example, an individual has a fixed deposit of Rs 1 lakh. Bank has approved credit limit is Rs 90,000 against the FD and the tenure is 15 months. If he draws Rs 50,000 on 1st of the month and then repays the money on 17th of the month, then he is supposed to pay the interest on Rs 50,000 availed for 17 days only.
The points to note while you take loan against the fixed deposit is that it should be free from lien or encumbrance and the deposit should not be in any minor’s name. If this deposit is in joint name say Husband and wife, all holders of the deposit have to execute the loan documents. The liability to repay the loan will lie with all holders of the deposit. The deposit holder will continue to receive interest on the underlying deposit however they need to service the EMI on the loan against deposit.
Personal loan against fixed deposit can help you in times of liquidity crunch. However you should be looking at it as a means to raise short term money. If you go overboard with a personal loan against fixed deposit, and cannot repay on time, you stand to lose your bank fixed deposit, as the bank forecloses the bank fixed deposit to recover money lent. Also it shows in your credit report, popularly known as CIBIL report. Such default can pull your CIBIL score down. So use the facility of raising personal loan against bank fixed deposit responsibly. ENDS
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook

Top 10 stocks that can return upto 9% in 4-5 daysSMC:
1) Power Finance Corporation: Target set at Rs 262
The stock closed at 246.15 on 26th September 2014. It made a 52-week low at Rs 120.10 on 29th October 2013 and a 52-week high at 344.75 on 09thJune 2014. The 200 days Exponential Moving Average (EMA) of the stock on the daily chart is currently at 232.25.
In the last week also with the gain in index it also reversed sharply by forming reversal bar on the charts with volumes. Therefore, one can buy in the range of 243-245 levels for the upside target of 260-262 levels with SL of 232.
Analyst Name: Rohit Gadia, Founder & CEO, CapitalVia Global Research Ltd
2) L&T Ltd: BUY in NSE cash above 1481 with stop loss of 1431, target of 1531, 1561
L&T bounced back on last day of this week's trading and formed bullish engulfing candle on daily charts signalling a trend reversal from the correction of the earlier few days. Now if it crosses the resistance level of 1481, it can show upside movement, where traders can initiate long position above 1481 with stop loss of 1431 and upside targets of 1531,1561.
3) Biocon: Buy in NSE cash above 500 with stop loss of 486, target of 514,524
The stock is accumulating below the psychological resistance level of 500 after showing correction recently. It is likely to move upwards with the crossing of this resistance mark. One may take long position in the stock above the level of 500 for the targets of 514 and 524 respectively. Strong support is placed at 486, which will act as stop loss for the stock.
4) HCL Technologies: Buy HCL Technologies in NSE Cash above 1735 with stop loss of 1694 and a target of Rs 1788,1818
HCL Technologies recently registered its all-time high of 1735 and now it is consolidating near to the same. The stock is sustaining below the falling trend line on the short term charts with the resistance mark of 1735. A breakout above its resistance mark may continue its bull run in upcoming sessions.
Traders can get targets of 1788 and 1818 in the stock. Stock takes support at 1694 which acts as technical stop loss for the stock.
5) Arind Ltd: BUY IN NSE CASH ABOVE 300.25 WITH SL OF 286 TGT 315,325
The stock was showing correction since past few sessions and now it forming reversal pattern on the short-term charts. It is expected to continue its primary bullish trend if it crosses its resistance mark of 300.25 in upcoming sessions, where traders can get targets of 315 and 325 in the stock while the technical stop loss for the stock is at 286.
Analyst Name: Abhijit Tambe, Lead Analyst, WealthRays Securities

Can an Indian get a Nobel this yearCan an Indian get a Nobel this year?
Vanita Srivastava , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 29, 2014
First Published: 21:38 IST(29/9/2014) | Last Updated: 21:42 IST(29/9/2014)
Comments
An Indian origin researcher has made it to the list of this year’s list of potential scientists likely to win the Nobel prize for Physics.
Dr Ramamoorthy Ramesh, a professor at the University of California, Berkeley is one of 27 scientists and economists who appear on the 2014 edition of the list, issued by Thomson Reuters, on Saturday. The Nobel Prize for Physics will be announced on October 7.
Dr Ramamoorthy’s name figures with the names of James Scott (University of Cambridge) and Yoshinori Tokura (University of Tokyo) as potential candidates for their contributions to ferroelectric memory devices and multiferroic materials.
An alumnus of Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore Dr Ramamoorthy went to University of California, Berkeley for a Ph.D. in Materials Science in 1987.In 2004 he joined the University of California faculty in the Materials Science and Engineering and Physics departments.
“ My work is in the broad area of complex oxides.. I got into this field right after my PhD when the field of Hi-Tc Superconductivity had just broken out. In 1989, at Bellcore, I started a basic program on ferroelectric thin films for memories.. almost by accident, we stumbled onto oxides that exhibited the "colossal magnetoresistance" effect.. this led to a worldwide research activity on the fundamental physics of these materials.. then in 1999, we started looking into the confluence of electricity and magnetism through Multiferroic materials... The original idea was to control magnetism by electricity to enable a broad range of low power electronics.. of course, we have to figure out the fundamentals first,” Dr Ramamoorthy, who hails from Chennai told HT.
For these estimations the main point which is taken into account, is that which nominee’s research has been cited the most, by the scientific community. These forecasts were started in 2002 by Thomson Reuters and so far, rightly guessed 35 Nobel Prize winners.
On how was he feeling - nervous, excited - he said while quoting a sholaka from Bhagwada Gita: “ This is just a prediction. We should not take it very seriously. If I get it,  it will be dedicated to humanity, to science and to the young people of the world. If I do not, then I have to take it on an equally good stride?"

HDIL Promoters Revoke Pledged Shares in IL&FS TrustYou are here: Home Corporates
HDIL Promoters Revoke Pledged Shares in IL&FS Trust
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 29, 2014 22:33 (IST)
Sebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
Mumbai: Realty player Housing Development and Infrastructure Ltd (HDIL) on Monday said its promoters have revoked all shares pledged with IL&FS Trust Company.
"Promoters of HDIL have revoked all shares earlier pledged with IL&FS Trust Company and now the entire 100 per cent shares in the promoters category is non-pledged," a company release in Mumbai said.
IL&FS Trust has released over 7.54 crore equity shares of promoters, including those of Rakesh Kumar Wadhawan, it said.
The released shares in the latest tranche comprise 51.89 per cent of the total shares pledged by promoter group.
On July 4, IL&FS Trust had released 7 crore equity shares, comprising 48.11 per cent of the total pledged shares of the promoter group.
With the latest release of pledged shares by IL&FS Trust, the total number of pledged shares by HDIL promoters at present stands nil, the release said.
Story first published on: September 29, 2014 22:14 (IST)

IDFC to Sell Full Stake in Units to Blackstone-Managed FundsSebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
New Delhi: IDFC Ltd will sell its entire stake in subsidiary firms Galaxy Mercantiles and Neopro Technologies with real estate funds managed by Blackstone.
"IDFC Ltd...has signed a share purchase agreement with real estate funds managed by Blackstone for sale of 100 per cent stake of IDFC in its subsidiary companies Galaxy Mercantiles Limited and Neopro Technologies Pvt Ltd," it said in a regulatory filing to the BSE.
Galaxy Mercantiles is an information technology park based in Noida whereas Neopro Technologies is a special economic zone located in Pune.
However, IDFC neither disclose the value of the deal signed with the real estate funds nor provided names of the entities that will acquire its stake in the two subsidiaries.
Infrastructure lending firm IDFC works in association with government and regulators in formulating policies and regulatory framework to support private investment and public private partnerships in infrastructure development.
Shares in IDFC, on Monday, ended at Rs 140.60 apiece on the BSE , down 0.88 per cent per cent from the previous close.
Story first published on: September 29, 2014 22:14 (IST)

Goldman Sachs CEO meets Modi  says eager to participate in India growth storySep 29, 2014 at 10:13pm IST
Goldman Sachs CEO meets Modi, says eager to participate in India growth story
19
0
New York: Financial services giant Goldman Sachs on Monday said it is eager to participate in India's growth story, as its CEO Lloyd Blankfein met Prime Minister Narendra Modi and described him as a "charismatic leader".
"We discussed India. We are enthusiastic about the changes and the reforms in India and we are anxious to do our part in making India a better place. The meeting was very good. He is a very charismatic leader." Blanfein said after meeting Modi.
US-based Goldman Sachs, with a global turnover of nearly USD 35 billion, has a significant presence in India as well. With offices in Bangalore and Mumbai among other cities, it offers investment banking, global investment research, operations and technology services in India.
US-based Goldman Sachs, with a global turnover of nearly USD 35 billion, has a significant presence in India as well.
#modi meets america #modi us corporate #lloyd blankfein #narendra modi
Blankfein was the last business leader to call on Modi, who had a busy morning meeting top industry doyens of the US - first over a breakfast with 11 CEOs and therefore one-on-one meetings with six business leaders.
Modi will depart for Washington after addressing global thinktank Council on Foreign Relations (CFR) here. He is on a five-day US visit from September 26-30.
38

BlackRock to host global investors meet in India next yearSep 29, 2014 at 10:04pm IST
BlackRock to host global investors meet in India next year
6
0
New York: World's largest asset manager Blackrock will host a global investors meet in India next year, CEO Laurence Flik conveyed to Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday.
With total asset under management of over $4 trillion, US-based BlackRock has investments in over 100 countries and offices in 30 countries including India. The BlackRock CEO called on the Indian Prime Minister on Monday and expressed his keen interest in expanding engagements with India.
"In response to PM @narendramodi call for investments, Black Rock to host global investors meet in India, early 2015," External Affairs Ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin tweeted. In India, BlackRock also operates a mutual fund, among other activities.
With total asset under management of over $4 trillion, US-based BlackRock has investments in over 100 countries and offices in 30 countries including India.
#blackrock #narendra modi #tracking the modi government #india
Earlier on Monday, Modi also had a breakfast meeting with CEOs of 11 large American corporations. These included PepsiCo CEO Indra Nooyi, Google Chairman Eric Schmidt, Citigroup chief Michael Corbat, Mastercard CEO Ajay Banga, Cargill's President and CEO David W MacLennan, Caterpillar's Douglas Oberhelman, AES' Andres Gluski, Merck's Kenneth Frazier, Co-founder and Co-CEO of Carlyle Group David Rubenstein, Hospira's Michael Ball and Warburg Pincus' Charles Kaye.
7

Now  SpiceJet Offers Airfare From Rs 699You are here: Home Industries
SpiceJet Offers Promotional Fares from Rs 699
NDTV | Updated On: September 29, 2014 10:31 (IST)
Manufacturing Growth May Moderate in December Quarter: Industry Body
SpiceJet has again come up with the promotional offer called 'Early New Year Sale' on its domestic flights. Under this offer, the budget carrier is offering fares from Rs 699 (inclusive of fuel surcharge but all statutory taxes and fees are to be paid by the passenger as applicable on the date of travel). SpiceJet had come up with a similar offer earlier this month.
The booking for this SpiceJet offer is open till October 1, 2014 (inclusive). It is applicable on travel between January 16, 2015, and October 24, 2015.
SpiceJet has been one of the most aggressive players in offering promotional schemes, announcing more than a dozen offers this year.
Meanwhile SpiceJet's rival AirAsia India had recently launched a promotional scheme, offering fares as low as Rs 690 as part of a promotional sale. The booking period for this AsiaAsia offer will remain open till October 5, 2014. This offer is applicable on travel between January 15, 2015 and June 30, 2015. ( Check out AirAsia's offer )
Jet Airways has launched a promotional offer on the routes operated by budget carrier AirAsia India. Jet Airways is offering fares as low as Rs. 908 (all-inclusive) as part of this promotional scheme, which is applicable on economy class tickets. ( Check out Jet Airways offer )
Budget carrier IndiGo is now allowing flyers to block their seats without making any payment. Under this offer, customers can block a booking on any IndiGo flight first and confirm it later. Customers can hold the booking for up to six hours. Importantly, under this IndiGo offer, the ticket price would remain the same for six hours. If the customer makes the payment within six hours, the booking gets confirmed, Otherwise, the booking gets cancelled.
Airlines in India this year have come up with many promotional schemes to attract flyers. Low-priced air tickets and other promotional schemes offered by various Indian airlines seem to have had an effect, with the number of passengers flown by them in August growing by over 8.3 per cent compared to July this year, official data showed. The latest figures showed the number of domestic passengers carried by the airlines grew from 52.60 lakh in July to 56.97 lakh in August. (With Agency Inputs)
 

CCFI claims Greenpeace bent on derailing Indian agricultureCCFI claims Greenpeace bent on derailing Indian agriculture 
Tomojit Basu
Tweet
New Delhi, September 29:  
The Crop Care Federation of India (CCFI) furthered its stand against foreign funded NGOs in India at an event here on Wednesday where controversial ecologist and former Greenpeace member Dr. Patrick Moore shared the stage with officials from the body. CCFI had decided to file a Rs. 50 crore defamation suit against Greenpeace’s “baseless” report on pesticide residues in tea (‘Trouble Brewing’) earlier this month.
When asked by Business Line (BL) about the rationale behind filing a lawsuit against the environmental NGO, especially when none of the tea companies had done so, the response was pivoted on Greenpeace’s secrecy about data. “Some of these NGOs want to create a problem for the country. We believe Greenpeace has cooked their data so we have asked them to show it to us. The report was published to spread panic,” said Rajju Shroff, chairman, CCFI.
Neha Saigal, senior campaigner for Greenpeace India’s sustainability campaign, refuted Shroff’s claims and said that the organisation was not legally obligated to provide any data to CCFI. “When tea companies have asked us for data and even the raw material we have shared it with them. If they’re interested in sharing it with CCFI then that’s their decision to take. The legal notices they have served us have no basis but we’ve responded to them,” she told BL.
Saigal also alluded to Tata Global Beverages’ (TGBL) recent commitment towards conducting research on non-pesticide management under the Sustainable Plant Protection Formulation (SPPF) project to promote ecological agriculture and stated that “when 60% of tea giants including TGBL are taking up our concerns in the report, it obviously shows that it has scientific credibility.”  
Dr. Moore, however, dismissed such commitments and said it was what large companies did on a regular basis to get Greenpeace off their backs. “That’s a typical response. Let’s watch what they do over the next few years. It’s like Walmart saying they’ll phase out PVC from their packaging 10 years ago but they’re still using it. Many companies take that stand. They’ll go out of business if they try to grow tea without pesticides,” he believed.
The Greenpeace report, which had found pesticide residues including DDT in a number of tea samples, has been available in the public domain since August. 
“We had been engaging with tea companies for the last six months. We let them know that it was our responsibility to publish the report publicly because tea is a public commodity. All relevant data including chromatograms have been given to the two or three tea companies which asked for it,” said Saigal who also questioned the timing of the CCFI event.   
Shroff said that CCFI was planning to file the case at the Bombay High Court. Such report, he claimed, tarnished the reputation of pesticide companies and farmers alike and was confident that NGOs’ motives would be exposed on applying legal pressure.
“Even if our sales are not affected, our reputation is hit. Our data does not support their findings. We are not in the business of poisoning the environment. We are not targeting just one NGO but all those derailing Indian agriculture. It’s unacceptable to not provide data,” said S Ganesan, Advisor (Public & Policy Affairs), CCFI.
(This article was published on September 29, 2014)
Related

Panneerselvam in Bangalore  expected to meet Jaya on TuesdayPanneerselvam in Bangalore, expected to meet Jaya on Tuesday
PTI
Tweet
Bangalore, Sep 29:  
Newly sworn-in Tamil Nadu Chief Minister O Panneerselvam, who arrived here on Monday along with his senior cabinet colleagues, is expected to meet AIADMK supremo J Jayalalithaa, who is in prison after being convicted in a disproportionate assets case.
“Panneerselvam today arrived in Bangalore along with some senior cabinet colleagues and is expected to meet Jayalalithaa tomorrow in the jail,” AIADMK sources said.
Senior AIADMK leaders and cabinet ministers, including Natham R Viswanathan, R Vaithilingam, Edapadi Palanisamy, C Vijayabaskar, K C Veeramani and B V Ramana accompanied Panneerselvam in a chartered flight from Chennai.
Panneerselvam was sworn-in as the Chief Minister to head the 31-member council of ministers by Tamil Nadu Governor K Rosaiah in a low-key function at the Raj Bhavan in Chennai this afternoon.
Earlier in the day, Jayalalithaa had moved Karnataka High Court challenging her conviction by the special court, maintaining that all charges of amassing wealth against her were false and she had acquired property through legal means and pleaded for bail.
(This article was published on September 29, 2014)
Related

Kim Kardashian  Kanye West list half-finished Bel Air mansionE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Eyes on outcome of Modi-Obama meet | Time to roll action in IndiaBarack Obama
(Corporate India is hopeful…)
NEW YORK: India Inc expects much from the bilateral meetings between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and US President Barack Obama that starts with a private dinner at the White House on Monday night. Modi's interactions with top US investors in New York and Washington are also expected to be fruitful.
"Prime Minister Modi is in the early days of his first term, while Obama is in the second half of his final term in office, so there is a window of opportunity for both countries to establish a fresh chemistry and co-operate in new areas," Ficci president Sidharath Birla told ET.
US investors are expected to be a critical source of funds for India's infrastructure development ambitions and India is keen to bring in shale gas and clean energy technologies. Corporate India is hopeful that Modi's talks with Obama will help improve the country's ties with the $15-trillion economy that have stagnated since 2010.
The Indo-US civilian nuclear cooperation pact, a high point in relations between the two countries, was completed in all respects in 2010, but hasn't translated into a single dollar of business for either side due to an onerous nuclear liability law brought in by the previous UPA government.
"I see the PM's talks with Obama as an opportunity to build bridges over the troubled waters of the last four years. Government-level talks would be important for cooperation in areas like defence, clean energy, internal security, counterterrorism and most importantly, the revival of the nuclear cooperation pact," said Rana Kapoor, managing director & CEO, YES Bank .
Kapoor, who also heads the Assocham industry grouping, said the PM's focus on meeting the private sector directly is critical for winning investments from Fortune 500 companies that have lost interest in India and that his charisma could change the narrative. "That more FDI is allowed in defence and insurance would interest investors, though Americans are also keen for more leeway in the retail sector," he said.
Ajay Shriram, chairman and managing director of DCM Ltd, said Modi's Washington visit is an occasion to renew ties and have better communication between the governments of the world's two largest democracies.
"The basic understanding and communication between America and India must improve," said Shriram, who is president of the Confederation of Indian Industry. "The US is particularly interested in industries like retail, e-commerce, defence and insurance, while we need investments and jobs across sectors," he said.
"This government understands the need for private investments to spur growth and jobs and the PM is the best salesman India has, with the orientation for change and reforms that he has demonstrated so far," Shriram said, expecting Modi pitches to global investors to elicit a positive response.
Birla said the visit should also be used to revitalise private sector dialogue between the two countries as bodies such as the US-India CEOs' forum have been in a state of drift and need to be approached with a mission.
With the finance minister scheduled to visit Washington within days after Modi's trip, India Inc hopes that Modi would have laid the groundwork for more tangible deliverables for both sides to discuss and implement.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bill Gates ranked richest American by Forbes  21st time in a rowSep 30, 2014 at 04:34am IST
Bill Gates ranked richest American by Forbes, 21st time in a row
29
0
New York: Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates topped Forbes' latest list of the 400 richest Americans for the 21st straight year.
The list, released yesterday, was largely unchanged for 2014 and showed the rich getting richer. The combined wealth of those on the list rose 13 per cent to USD 2.29 trillion, helped by a stronger US stock market. Gates' net worth totaled USD 81 billion, up USD 9 billion from 2013.
Investor Warren Buffett, the head of Berkshire Hathaway Inc, remained in second place at USD 67 billion. Oracle Corp co-founder Larry Ellison also kept his No 3 spot with USD 50 billion.
Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates topped Forbes' latest list of the 400 richest Americans for the 21st straight year.
#bil gates #forbes #richest american #microsoft
Brothers Charles and David Koch, co-owners of Koch Industries Inc, stay tied for fourth with USD 42 billion each. There were 27 new members of the list, including WhatsApp co-founder Jan Koum in the 62nd spot. Facebook announced plans to buy the mobile messaging app for USD 19 billion in February.
The biggest gainer is Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg, No 11, whose net worth grew USD 15 billion since last year to USD 34 billion.
The net worth of America's wealthiest people has risen in the years since the financial crisis, widening the gap between the exceptionally well-to-do and the rest of the country. The average net worth of a Forbes 400 member is USD 5.7 billion, up from USD 5 billion last year.
8

Nifty seen opening lower | 15 stocks in focusAshwani Gujral
NEW DELHI: The 50-share Nifty index is expected to open lower on Tuesday following muted trend seen in other Asian markets. Traders will keep a close on RBI policy which is likely to dictate the trend for markets in trade today.
At 07:30 a.m., Nifty India stock futures in Singapore were trading 39.50 points lower at 7970 indicating muted opening on the domestic market.
Most analysts do not expect Reserve Bank of India governor Raghuram Rajan to reduce interest rates at the September 30 monetary policy announcement despite all the recent good news.
The bimonthly monetary policy review is scheduled to be announced on Tuesday at 11 am.
The key repo rate, at which RBI lends to banks, is at 8 per cent, while SLR is 22 per cent. The cash reserve ratio, the proportion of deposits that has to be kept with the RBI without any interest, is at 4 per cent.
The 50-share Nifty index ended 10 points lower at 7958.90, while the S&P BSE Sensex ended the day with a loss of 29 points at 26597.11 on Monday.
"I do not think there is much expected out of RBI Monetary Policy and we are already corrected to the 50-day moving average. Today, we tried to fall, but we really could not fall below 7950," said Ashwani Gujral , Fund Manager, Ashwanigujral .com.
"So if this continues and we are able to find support, then this market becomes a buy on dip market with a stop around 7850. So chances are whenever these narrow range days resolve, they should resolve on the upside and maybe you could have a rally all the way," he added.
Overnight, U.S. stocks ended lower following protests in Hong Kong that added to worries about Chinese growth and after a disappointing forecast from Ford Motor Co.
"Ford shares fell 7.5 percent and the stock was the S&P's biggest percentage loser after it lowered its outlook late during the session, saying North American margins will be at the low end of its previous guidance," Reuters reported.
The Dow Jones Industrial average fell 41.93 points, or 0.25 per cent, to 17,071.22; the S&P 500 lost 5.05 points, or 0.25 per cent, to 1,977.8; and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 6.34 points, or 0.14 per cent, to 4,505.85.
Asian shares were trading lower. Japan's Nikkei 225 index which was trading 0.92 per cent lower at 16,161 and Hong Kong's Hang Seng index was trading 1.1 per cent lower at 22,961.
South Korea's Kospi index was trading 0.30 per cent lower at 2,020 and China's Shanghai index was trading 0.11 per cent lower at 2,355.
FEATURED ARTICLES

How a missing  Or  helped Orace India save ...You are here: Home > Collections
How a missing 'Or' helped Oracle Financial save Rs 142 crore in tax
Rajesh Mascarenhas, ET Bureau Sep 30, 2014, 10.53AM IST
Tags:
BSE
(Oracle Financial Services,…)
MUMBAI: Did the absence of a single word —'or' — in NSE's listing agreement with Oracle Financial help the company save Rs 142 crore in taxes on dividend?
Sebi's model listing agreement as well the listing agreement of the other equity exchange BSE have the following clause: "the company further agrees that the minimum time gap between the two book closures and/or record dates would be at least 30 days." However, NSE's listing agreement says: "The issuer further agrees to ensure that the time gap between two book closures and record dates would be at least 30 days."
A company's announces book closure before the AGM while the record date is fixed for distribution of dividend. Companies have been rushing to distribute dividend before October 1 after which a higher dividend distribution tax comes into effect.
Oracle Financial had declared its book closure from September 8 to 12. On September 8, the company told stock exchanges that during the shareholders' meeting — on September 12 — an interim dividend would be declared. An interim dividend of Rs 485 a share was declared and September 25 and September 29 were fixed as the record date and the date for paying the dividend, respectively.
Since clause 16 of the listing agreement states that the time gap between a book closure and a record date should be minimum 30 days, exchanges referred the matter to Sebi which on September 19 said that the record date was fixed in violation of the listing clause. Oracle moved the Securities Appellate Tribunal (SAT), a quasi-judicial body, challenging Sebi's view. Ruling in favour of Oracle, the tribunal said that the word 'and' used between 'two book closures' and 'record dates' in clause 16 of listing agreement does not mean that there should be a time gap of 30 says between a book closure and a record date.
"SAT could have looked into other aspects instead of just relying on the word 'and' between book closure and record dates," said Huzzefa Nasikwala, founder, Nasikwala Law Chambers. "Many orders in the past were based on the change of interpretations of words like 'shall', 'may', 'would' etc rather than the facts or proceedings," he added.
Oracle Financial Services , which declared a dividend of 9,700% entailing an outgo of Rs 4,081 crore, saved Rs 142 crore by distributing the dividend before October 1. This was possible as SAT allowed the software service provider to fix September 25 as the record date. ET's email query to NSE went unanswered till the time of going to press.
"SAT was right in interpreting the NSE listing agreement.
Though the intention of listing agreement — 30 days' gap between book closure date and record date — was more relevant when the shares were in physical form," said Sandeep Parekh, founder, Finsec Law Advisor .
"However, in the current demat format with the settlement happening in two days, this 30-day clause is irrelevant," he added.
The company is listed on both BSE and NSE. Though Sebi, BSE and NSE were parties to the appeal, the argument by Oracle Financial's counsel was based on the NSE listing agreement.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Pre-market: Nifty seen opening lower; RBI policy eyedAshwani Gujral
NEW DELHI: The 50-share Nifty index is expected to open lower on Tuesday following muted trend seen in other Asian markets. Traders will keep a close on RBI policy which is likely to dictate the trend for markets in trade today.
At 07:30 a.m., Nifty India stock futures in Singapore were trading 39.50 points lower at 7970 indicating muted opening on the domestic market.
Most analysts do not expect Reserve Bank of India governor Raghuram Rajan to reduce interest rates at the September 30 monetary policy announcement despite all the recent good news.
The bimonthly monetary policy review is scheduled to be announced on Tuesday at 11 am.
The key repo rate, at which RBI lends to banks, is at 8 per cent, while SLR is 22 per cent. The cash reserve ratio, the proportion of deposits that has to be kept with the RBI without any interest, is at 4 per cent.
The 50-share Nifty index ended 10 points lower at 7958.90, while the S&P BSE Sensex ended the day with a loss of 29 points at 26597.11 on Monday.
"I do not think there is much expected out of RBI Monetary Policy and we are already corrected to the 50-day moving average. Today, we tried to fall, but we really could not fall below 7950," said Ashwani Gujral , Fund Manager, Ashwanigujral .com.
"So if this continues and we are able to find support, then this market becomes a buy on dip market with a stop around 7850. So chances are whenever these narrow range days resolve, they should resolve on the upside and maybe you could have a rally all the way," he added.
Overnight, U.S. stocks ended lower following protests in Hong Kong that added to worries about Chinese growth and after a disappointing forecast from Ford Motor Co.
"Ford shares fell 7.5 percent and the stock was the S&P's biggest percentage loser after it lowered its outlook late during the session, saying North American margins will be at the low end of its previous guidance," Reuters reported.
The Dow Jones Industrial average fell 41.93 points, or 0.25 per cent, to 17,071.22; the S&P 500 lost 5.05 points, or 0.25 per cent, to 1,977.8; and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 6.34 points, or 0.14 per cent, to 4,505.85.
Asian shares were trading lower. Japan's Nikkei 225 index which was trading 0.92 per cent lower at 16,161 and Hong Kong's Hang Seng index was trading 1.1 per cent lower at 22,961.
South Korea's Kospi index was trading 0.30 per cent lower at 2,020 and China's Shanghai index was trading 0.11 per cent lower at 2,355.
FEATURED ARTICLES

RBI policy unlikely to have impact on mkts: Expert("The credit policy I do not…)
In a chat with ET Now, Ashwani Gujral, Fund Manager, Ashwanigujral.com, shares his views on markets . Excerpts:
ET Now: Do defensives keep on seeing the strength over the course of the next few days, the reason I am asking this question to you because I also heard you mention that Bank Nifty could also be a long despite the fact that there is a credit policy tomorrow?
Ashwani Gujral: Yes but the credit policy I do not think there is much expected out there and we are already corrected to the 50-day moving average. See the point is we had a large rally on Friday. Now, today all day long we tried to fall and we really could not fall below 7950. So if this continues and we are able to find support, then this market becomes a buy on dip market with a stop around 7850. So chances are whenever these narrow range days resolve, they should resolve on the upside and maybe you could have a rally all the way back up to 8150 because this remains a bull market. So maybe CNX IT and pharma will just kind of support the market because it appears that the downside immediately maybe over and then 200-300 point upswing is likely from here.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Pre-market: RBI monetary policy review in focusPre-market: RBI monetary policy review in focus
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 30, 2014 08:34 AM IST
Markets are likely to open marginal lower tracking weakness in their Asian peers with major focus on Reserve Bank of India's monetary policy review later today.
The early indicator SGX Nifty was down 24 points at 7,985.
The civil unrest in Hong Kong and a private survey of manufacturing data from China later today weighed on the Asian markets on Tuesday. Meanwhile, HSBC will release the China manufacturing data in September later today while the official  data is due on Wednesday. Shares in Japan continued to trade weak with Nikkei down 1.5% while Hang Seng lost 1.4% and Straits Times was down 0.8%. However, share in China were trading with marginal gains.
Benchmark US share indices ended lower on Monday weighed down by the ongoing civil unrest in Hong Kong and growth concerns in China. The Dow Jones ended down  0.25% at 17,071.22, the broader S&P 500 also lost 0.25% to close at 1,977.80 and the tech-laden Nasdaq ended 0.14% lower at 4,505.85.
Stocks to watch
The trend in rate-sensitive sectors such as banking, auto, capital goods and realty sectors will be dicated by RBI's stance on key policy rates.
DCB will be in focus after the board approved raising of funds up to Rs 275 crore via QIP and the floor price of the said QIP based on the pricing formula as per current regulations is fixed at Rs 86.45 per equity share.
Strides Arcolab will be in focus after the Bangalore-based mid-size publicly-held pharmaceutical company, will acquire Chennai-based Shasun Phamaceutical in an all-stock transaction. The combined entity will have revenues of Rs 2,500 crore. As part of this acquisition, shareholders of Shasun will get five equity shares of Strides in lieu of 16 Shasun shares.
IDFC will be in action IDFC after it signed a share purchase agreement with real estate funds managed by Blackstone for sale of 100% stake of IDFC in its subsidiary companies namely Galaxy Mercantiles Limited (an IT park in Noida) and Neopro Technologies Private Limited (a SEZ in Pune).
HDIL will see some activity on reports that the company has revoked all the pledged equity shares with IL&FS Trust Co.
Tata Chemicals may gain on reports that the company's US-based arm has signed long-term coal supply pact with Westmoreland.

Narendra Modi  Obama to discuss ways to boost strategicpartnershipPrime Minister Narendra Modi addressing at the Council on Foreign Relations in New York on Monday (Source: AP)
Press Trust of India | Washington | Posted: September 30, 2014 9:06 am | Updated: September 30, 2014 9:07 am
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and US President Barack Obama would discuss a range of issues, including ways to accelerate economic growth and bolster security cooperation to deepen the US-India strategic partnership, at their maiden summit meeting on Tuesday.
“The two leaders will discuss ways to accelerate economic growth, bolster security cooperation, and collaborate in activities that bring long-term benefits to both countries and the world,” White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said.
Modi and Obama will also focus on regional issues, including current developments in Afghanistan, Syria and Iraq, where India and the US can work together with partners toward a positive outcome, he added.
“The President looks forward to working with the Prime Minister to fulfill the promise of the US-India strategic partnership for the benefit of both our citizens and the world,” Earnest said, adding that Vice President Joe Biden will also participate in the meeting.
Later in the afternoon, Biden and Secretary of State John Kerry would host Modi and the visiting Indian delegation for an official lunch at the Foggy Bottom headquarters of the White House.
Human rights issues may also come up for discussion in the meeting between both the leaders.
“The issue of basic universal human rights is something that is frequently discussed in the President’s meetings with world leaders around the globe.
“So I don’t have anything specific to say about this particular meeting, but I wouldn’t be surprised if this issue that we considered to be a priority in our relations with countries all around the world is raised in the context of the meetings over the next couple of days,” said Earnest.
He was responding to questions about the various human rights bodies urging the US President to raise the issues of freedom of religion and human rights in his meeting with Modi.
Earnest said that the robust nature of the relationship between the US and India can’t be reduced to one specific issue.
“There are so many ways in which the US government interacts with the India government in pursuit of our mutual interests that it’s hard to identify just one.
“Whether it’s security cooperation or economic cooperation, even agreements related to reducing the causes of climate change, that we’re confident that we can advance the ball down the field by working closely with our counterparts in India,” he said.
“We have the kind of strategic partnership that is focused on a wide variety of areas. Whether it’s security and counterterrorism, or strengthening the economy, or a host of other regional issues, that there is a broad framework where India and the US work closely together to advance our shared interests.
“That underscores the significance of the relationship between the United States and India, which is the world’s largest democracy,” the White House Press Secretary said.

Modi  Obama release vision statement  Chalein saath  saath  ahead of talksAhead of talks Modi, Obama say 'Chalein saath saath'
Yashwant Raj , Hindustan Times  Washington, September 30, 2014
First Published: 07:30 IST(30/9/2014) | Last Updated: 17:42 IST(30/9/2014)
India and the United States on Monday released a statement of their shared intent - called "Chalein saath, saath" - to forge a partnership that will be a model for the rest of the world.
With President @BarackObama . We had a wonderful meeting and talked about a wide range of issues. pic.twitter.com/MRDjEjujCn
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) September 30, 2014
The statement was issued as Prime Minister Narendra Modi arrived at the White House for a dinner hosted by President Barack Obama.
Read: Obama greets Modi with 'kem cho', has 'wonderful meeting'
"We have a vision that the United States and India will have a transformative relationship as trusted partners in the 21st century," said the paper, "Chalein Saath Saath: Forward Together We Go".
It read a bit like a joint statement, but was minus the officialese of one and, crucially, came ahead of the talks, instead of after, as the densely worded documents do typically.
Full text: Vision statement for the US-India strategic partnership
The 'Kem Chho?' moment: US President Barack Obama greets Narendra Modi at the White House.
"As leaders of two great democratic nations with diverse traditions and faiths, we share a vision for a partnership in which the United States and India work together, not just for the benefit of both our nations, but for the benefit of the world," the statement said.
Read: Obama, Modi may discuss human rights issues in summit talks
 
"Together, we will combat terrorist threats and keep our homelands and citizens safe from attacks, while we respond expeditiously to humanitarian disasters and crises, it added.
Later, Modi met Obama, Vice President Joe Biden and other key US officials at the White House for a private dinner, ahead of formal talks in the Oval Office on Tuesday.
Modi, Obama write joint editorial
US President Barack Obama and Prime Minister Narendra Modi have for the first time interacted digitally to come out with a joint editorial.
 
External Affairs Ministry Spokesperson said both Prime Minister Modi and President Obama have written a joint editorial in a US newspaper to be published Tuesday.
 
Officials on both sides have been very secretive about the joint op-ed and have not even disclosed the name of the newspaper that will publish it.
 
Watch: Modi-Obama issue 'Chalein Saath Saath' vision after dinner bonding
Asked how the two leaders collaborated to write the joint editorial, he said both PM Modi and President Obama are great votaries of digital diplomacy and therefore, it was very easy to digitally interact.
 
Asked if both the leaders were so active digitally why there was no exchange between the two on cyber space, he said "wait and watch".
 
He also said that this was for the first time that an Indian leader has ventured on the path of a joint editorial. Modi had written an editorial in Wall Street Journal before he headed to the US.
(With agency inputs)

Nothing changes in TN: Jayalalithaa will run govt by remote controlprint
O Panneerselvam during the oath-taking ceremony
For the loyal soldiers of the Amma army in AIADMK, she is omnipotent and omnipresent. Her physical absence amounts to nothing as the party apparatus and the government machinery will function smoothly and do her bidding.
Nothing has changed, AIADMK government continues -- except in place of Jayalalithaa, her loyalist, O Pannerselvam, will be filling in for her. Her jail sentence in a disproportionate assets case will make no difference in governance delivery or style of governance.
The network of her trusted bureaucrats, who run the administration, is very much in place to guide new chief minister Panneerselvam. He himself would do nothing, either as CM or as party treasurer, without clearance from Jayalalithaa. In fact, so total and absolute is Amma’s control over the party apparatus that anyone stepping out of the line is unthinkable in AIADMK.
Read: Jayalalithaa sentenced to 4 years in jail; clashes in Tamil Nadu
AIADMK leaders were seen bowing even to the chopper carrying Amma after it took off at an election rally venue. Such is their reverence of Jayalalithaa.
A political analyst said, Amma’s control over party is absolute. “There is no vacuum. She is only jailed for four years. And she can come out clear as well, she is good fighter,” the analyst said adding “she is more dangerous for political foes from inside the jail.”
Sympathy factor could be something her political opponents would find hard to fight -- which the DMK knows so well. Which is why, it is petrified of making a loud statement about Amma’s current travails.
Meanwhile, in the aftermath of her arrest, Tamil Nadu on Monday too witnessed sporadic protests against Bangalore court judgement. Student bodies, lawyers, traders owing allegiance to AIADMK, held protest demonstrations in several places in the state.
In Chennai, a group of AIADMK MLAs began an indefinite hunger strike at Anna memorial. All the 30 ministers who were sworn in today participated in the protest before going for swearing in ceremony. The protests are slowly growing with different bodies announcing programmes.

Defiant Hong Kong protesters refuse to budgeprint
Riot police fire tear gas on student protesters occupying streets surrounding the government headquarters in Hong Kong. (AP Photo)
Beijing on Tuesday continued to call “umbrella revolution” in Hong Kong as illegal and covered reports on the mass agitation in the country’s financial hub in a web of censorship.
State media carried few reports on protests or the scale of the agitation; English newspapers carried opinion pieces criticising the events that have erupted in the financial hub, designated as a “special administrative zone” (SAR) by Beijing.
Visuals from Hong Kong telecast live on CNN and BBC were repeatedly blocked on Tuesday morning. The news bulletins resumed soon after these two channels would begin reporting other news.
Words related to the protests were blacked out from the Internet on the Mainland; some reports and users said the popular photo loading application Instagram had also being blocked.
But according to a Reuters report, the censors had not blocked the phrase “umbrella revolution” till Tuesday.
“Chinese Internet users were still able to post under the hashtag "Umbrella Revolution" in Chinese and English on Sina Weibo, China's popular Twitter-like microblogging service, on Monday and Tuesday,” the report said.
Umbrellas, a rather modest household item, have become the symbol of the agitation after protesters used them as shield against tear gas shells and pepper spray lobbed and fired at them by the riot police on Sunday.
Foreign ministry spokesperson, Hua Chunying, said Tuesday Beijing was in full support of the HK government and was confident issue of the “illegal” protests and activities could be resolved.
She warned foreign government from interfering in China’s internal affairs and influencing events in Hong Kong.
Rights groups, meanwhile, said that Beijing had the opportunity to usher in true stability in Hong Kong.
“They (the people of Hong Kong) are rejecting the August 31, 2014 decision of the National People’s Congress Standing Committee on the “selection” of the Chief Executive, which requires candidates to be endorsed by a majority of a Beijing-controlled nominating committee,” the Hong Kong-based Human Rights in China said in a statement.
The statement added: “Leaders in Beijing now face a historic test and a historic opportunity to advance genuine social stability and democracy in Hong Kong. Will they make the same tragic mistake again or demonstrate true leadership by listening to the voices of the people?”

Nifty Struggles Near 7950 Ahead of RBI Policy Announcement  Banks WeighYou are here: Home Market
BSE Sensex, Nifty Struggle Ahead of RBI Policy Announcement
NDTV | Updated On: September 30, 2014 10:38 (IST)
Markets to Track Winter Session Action: Experts
The BSE Sensex and Nifty struggled to find traction as investors remained cautious ahead of the Reserve Bank of India policy announcement later in the day. Weak Asian markets also weighed on the sentiment.
The Reserve Bank of India is likely to hold interest rates steady at its policy review meet on September 30. All but three of 46 economists surveyed by Reuters said the central bank would leave its key repo rate unchanged at 8 per cent.
The Sensex was down 12 points at 26,584 while Nifty edged lower to 7,952. Moderate buying was seen in midcap and smallcap stocks, with the BSE indices for these stocks up nearly 0.20 per cent.
Mayuresh Joshi of Angel Broking said that he does not expect any rate action from the RBI today. The RBI chief would look at more cues from the US Federal Reserve and domestic policy action before deciding on rate action.
Market analysts are cautious over the markets in the near term. Independent market analyst Sarvendra Srivastava said that the global set-up look weak and could weigh over the Indian markets. Mayuresh Joshi of Angel Broking said that it looks difficult for the Nifty to cross its previous high of 8200 levels.
Asian markets were in hesitant mood on Tuesday as investors wondered what China's response would be to civil unrest in Hong Kong, while the US dollar was on track to post its biggest monthly gain in well over a year.
The unrest was an added complication for investors amid long-standing concerns about the health of China's economy. An HSBC survey of manufacturing (PMI) for September disappointed slightly by showing a final reading of 50.2, steady on August but down from its preliminary 50.5.
Hong Kong's Hang Seng Index shed another 0.9 per cent to its lowest in three months. MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan lost 0.5 per cent having already fallen sharply on Monday. (With Agency Inputs)
Story first published on: September 30, 2014 10:38 (IST)

Indigold Trade buys 43.10 lakh shares of Pantaloons FashionSep 30, 2014, 08.46 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Indigold Trade buys 43.10 lakh shares of Pantaloons Fashion
Indigold Trade And Services Limited bought 43,10,491 shares of Pantaloons Fashion & Retail at Rs 134.98.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Indigold Trade buys 43.10 lakh shares of Pantaloons Fashion
Indigold Trade And Services Limited bought 43,10,491 shares of Pantaloons Fashion & Retail at Rs 134.98.
Post your opinion here
 
On September 29, 2014 Future Corporate Resources Limited sold 41,75,000 shares of  Pantaloons Fashion & Retail at Rs 135 on the NSE.
However, Indigold Trade And Services Limited bought 43,10,491 shares at Rs 134.98.
On Monday the share ended at Rs 134.15, up Rs 0.35, or 0.26 percent.
The share touched its 52-week high Rs 144.65 and 52-week low Rs 77.90 on 28 April, 2014 and 27 November, 2013, respectively.
RELATED NEWS

Sensex opens marginally downSensex ends flat after a wild swing
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 30:  
Sensex closed flat with a gain of 33 points after roller-coaster rider influenced by the RBI credit policy.
The benchmark Sensex opened on the higher side at 26,611 against the previous close 26,597. It made a high of 26,851 and low of 26,481 before closing at 26,631. The turnover on BSE was up at Rs 3,821 crore against Rs 2,742 crore registered on Monday.
In NSE, the Nifty was up six points at 7,965.
The Reserve Bank of India kept the key bank rates unchanged after a monetary policy review on Tuesday as it waited for more signs of inflation retreating. Interest rate sensitive banking and realty stocks declined after the RBI policy review. PSU oil market companies gained ahead their fortnightly fuel price revision on Wednesday. Tyre stocks rose across the board on persistent fall in rubber prices.
Maruti Suzuki rose two per cent to Rs 3,064. The company announced after market hours on Tuesday that it will proactively inspect and repair the wiring harness fitment of 69,555 diesel vehicles manufactured between March, 2010 and August, 2013. This exercise is limited to vehicles within the above specified range and does not pertain to any other vehicle of the company or its exports. The problem was noticed based on feedback monitoring and internal checks by the company. Accordingly proactive action has been initiated in the interest of customers, said the company.
PSU bank stocks declined after Financial Services Secretary GS Sandhu was quoted on Tuesday saying that state-run banks will soon start raising funds from markets, as part of government's efforts to infuse capital into banks to meet the Basel III norms.
Among public sector banks that declined include Bank of India (-4%), Union Bank of India (-3%), IDBI Bank (-2%), Canara Bank (-2%) and State Bank of India (-0.21%), edged lower.
The major gainers include Eicher Motors (6%), JP Infratech (6%), Apollo Tyres (6%), MRF (5%), Bhushan Steel (5%), Marico (5%) and GSK Consumer Healthcare (5%).
Prominent losers include IndiaBulls Real Estate (-5%), GMR Infra (-5%), Suzlon (-5%), Unitech (-5%), DLF (-5%), JSW Steel (-4%), Shriram Transport Finance (-4%).
(This article was published on September 30, 2014)
Related

Markets open flat; all eyes on RBI PolicyMarkets trim gains after RBI keeps policy rates unchanged
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 30, 2014 11:15 AM IST
Markets trimmed early gains to briefly dip into negative terrain after the RBI kept  repo rate and CRR unchanged at its monetary policy review today.
At 11:15AM, the 30-share Sensex was down 5 points at 26,592 and 50-share Nifty was down 4 points at 7,955.
Bank shares were the top losers along with index heavyweights Reliance Industries and Infosys.  However, gains in mortgage lender HDFC helped most of the losses post the RBI announcement.
HDFC, L&T, Sun Pharma and Dr Reddy's Labs were the top Sensex gainers while Axis Bank, ICICI Bank, Infosys and Reliance Industires were the top losers.
_____________________________
(Updated at 9:19AM)
It was another day of flat start for the market tracking weak Asian cues with major focus on Reserve Bank of India's monetary policy review later today. At 0916 hrs, the Sensex was down 27 points at 26,569 and the Nifty slipped eight points to trade at 7,951.
However, the broader markets opened in green with the midcap index up 0.1% and teh smallcap index up 0.2%.
Sectors & Stocks
On the sectoral front, Health Care and Realty indices up 0.6% were the top gainers in opening trades.
Meanwhile, Metal, IT, FMCG and Bankex indices were down 0.1-0.5%.
Hindalco, GAIL, M&M, Sesa Sterlite, Axis Bank, TCS, Infosys, ITC and Coal India which lost 0.5-1.5% were the top losers among Sensex-30.
Among the gainers were Tata Power, HDFC, Dr Reddy’s, BHEL, Maruti and Bharti Airtel up 0.7-1.3%.
The market breadth was positive due to the strength in broader markets. 913 stocks advanced while 461 stocks declined on BSE.
Global Markets
Asian markets were in hesitant mood on Tuesday as investors wondered what China's response would be to civil unrest in Hong Kong, while the U.S. dollar was on track to post its biggest monthly gain in well over a year.
The unrest was an added complication for investors amid long-standing concerns about the health of China's economy.
An HSBC survey of manufacturing (PMI) for September disappointed slightly by showing a final reading of 50.2, steady on August but down from its preliminary 50.5.
Hong Kong's Hang Seng Index shed another 0.9% to its lowest in three months. MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan lost 0.5% having already fallen sharply on Monday.
US stocks ended lower on Monday following protests in Hong Kong that added to worries about Chinese growth. The Dow Jones Industrial average fell 0.25%, to 17,071; the S&P 500 lost 0.25%, to 1,978; and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 0.14%, to 4,506.

What top American CEOs say about Narendara Modi  investments in India: 7 power pointsWhat top American CEOs say about Narendara Modi, investments in India: 7 power points
Agencies | New Delhi | Published:  Sep 30 2014, 09:16  IST
Sep 30 2014, 09:16  IST
 

Modi  Obama release joint vision statement Chalein SaathSaathThe vision statement said that US-India strategic partnership is a joint endeavour for prosperity and peace. (Source: @narendramodi, Twitter)
Written by Ritu Sarin | Washington | Posted: September 30, 2014 9:23 am | Updated: September 30, 2014 9:56 pm
As President Barack Obama welcomed Prime Minister Narendra Modi to the White House with a kem cho (Gujarati for how are you), India and United States on Tuesday issued a vision statement “Chalein Saath Saath: Forward Together We Go” to underline that “our strategic partnership… will combat terrorist threats and keep our homelands and citizens safe from attacks, while we respond expeditiously to humanitarian disasters and crises”.
The statement, issued ahead of a private dinner hosted by Obama for Modi before talks between the two leaders, supported “an open and inclusive rules-based global order, in which India assumes greater multilateral responsibility, including in a reformed United Nations Security Council. At the United Nations and beyond, our close coordination will lead to a more secure and just world”.
Smiles to end the day.Minister @SushmaSwaraj wit draws smiles from Secy @JohnKerry & laughs from Prez @BarackObama pic.twitter.com/e6GWVYVO5F
— Syed Akbaruddin (@MEAIndia) September 30, 2014
Earlier, before he left New York for Washington, Modi told the Council for Foreign Relations that “there is a need to take the challenge of terrorism seriously. It’s sad that many countries could not earlier understand the ugly face of terrorism which is an enemy of humanity”. Terrorism, her said, could not be measured on the scale of political plus and minus. “The world will have to speak in one voice against terrorism.”
The vision statement, released by White House, promised a model: “We have a vision that the United States and India will have a transformative relationship as trusted partners in the 21st century. Our partnership will be a model for the rest of the world.”
The first meeting. Prez @BarackObama escorts PM @narendramodi to the dinner at their 1st meeting in the White House. pic.twitter.com/6FJuGqO7Qg — Syed Akbaruddin (@MEAIndia) September 30, 2014
“Our strategic partnership rests on our shared mission to provide equal opportunity for our people through democracy and freedom… The currents of kinship and commerce, scholarship and science tie our countries together. They allow us to rise above differences by maintaining the long-term perspective. Every day, in myriad ways, our cooperation fortifies a relationship that matches the innumerable ties between our peoples, who have produced works of art and music, invented cutting-edge technology, and responded to crises across the globe.”
“Our strategic partnership is a joint endeavor for prosperity and peace. Through intense consultations, joint exercises, and shared technology, our security cooperation will make the region and the world safe and secure. Together, we will combat terrorist threats and keep our homelands and citizens safe from attacks, while we respond expeditiously to humanitarian disasters and crises. We will prevent the spread of weapons of mass destruction, and remain committed to reducing the salience of nuclear weapons, while promoting universal, verifiable, and non-discriminatory nuclear disarmament.”
The statement dwelt on “joint research continued…

5 Indo-Americans in Forbes rich list | Bill ...Bill Gates ranked richest American by Forbes
AP Sep 30, 2014, 07.41AM IST
Tags:
Bill Gates
(Warren Buffett, the head…)
NEW YORK: Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates topped Forbes' latest list of the 400 richest Americans for the 21st straight year.
The list, released yesterday, was largely unchanged for 2014 and showed the rich getting richer. The combined wealth of those on the list rose 13 per cent to $2.29 trillion, helped by a stronger US stock market.
Gates' net worth totaled $81 billion, up $9 billion from 2013.
Investor Warren Buffett , the head of Berkshire Hathaway Inc, remained in second place at $67 billion. Oracle Corp co-founder Larry Ellison also kept his No 3 spot with $50 billion.
Brothers Charles and David Koch, co-owners of Koch Industries Inc, stay tied for fourth with $42 billion each.
There were 27 new members of the list, including WhatsApp co-founder Jan Koum in the 62nd spot. Facebook announced plans to buy the mobile messaging app for $19 billion in February.
The biggest gainer is Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg , No 11, whose net worth grew $15 billion since last year to $34 billion.
The net worth of America's wealthiest people has risen in the years since the financial crisis, widening the gap between the exceptionally well-to-do and the rest of the country. The average net worth of a Forbes 400 member is $5.7 billion, up from $5 billion last year.
FEATURED ARTICLES

China s final HSBC PMI steady at 50.2 in SeptSep 30, 2014, 08.36 AM IST  | Source: Reuters
China's final HSBC PMI steady at 50.2 in Sept
The final HSBC/Markit Manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index(PMI) hovered at 50.2 in September, unchanged from the August reading which was a three-month low, but lower than a preliminary reading of 50.5.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
China's final HSBC PMI steady at 50.2 in Sept
The final HSBC/Markit Manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index(PMI) hovered at 50.2 in September, unchanged from the August reading which was a three-month low, but lower than a preliminary reading of 50.5.
Post your opinion here
 
Activity in China's vast factory sector showed signs of steadying in September as export orders climbed, a private survey showed on Tuesday, easing fears of a hard landing but still pointing to a sluggish economy.
The final HSBC/Markit Manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) hovered at 50.2 in September, unchanged from the August reading which was a three-month low, but lower than a preliminary reading of 50.5.
A sub-index measuring new export orders, a gauge of external demand, expanded to a 4-1/2-year-high of 54.5.
But the survey also pointed to further weakness in the job market, as the sub-index for manufacturing employment shrank for the 11th consecutive month, which is bound to concern China's Communist leaders.
The world's second-largest economy has stumbled this year as a slowdown in the housing market further weighed on softening domestic demand. Economists believe policymakers will have to roll out more stimulus measures in coming months to meet the government's 2014 growth target of around 7.5 percent.
RELATED NEWS

Just Dial: Update on allotment of 15 acres land at BangaloreSep 30, 2014, 09.24 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Just Dial: Update on allotment of 15 acres land at Bangalore
Just Dial has received a letter from the Government of Karnataka dated September 26, 2014 allotting 15 acres of land to the Company, on a leasehold basis for a period of 99 years, to establish an IT/ITES - BPO and Software Development Centre (
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Just Dial: Update on allotment of 15 acres land at Bangalore
Just Dial has received a letter from the Government of Karnataka dated September 26, 2014 allotting 15 acres of land to the Company, on a leasehold basis for a period of 99 years, to establish an IT/ITES - BPO and Software Development Centre (
Post your opinion here
 
With reference to the earlier letter dated October 11, 2013, Just Dial Ltd has now informed BSE that the Company received a letter from the Government of Karnataka dated September 26, 2014 (the "Letter") allotting 15 acres of land to the Company, on a leasehold basis for a period of 99 years, to establish an IT/ITES - BPO and Software Development Centre ("IT Park") at Devanahalli Industrial Area in Bangalore. The allotment of land to the Company is subject to various terms and conditions, including those related to payment of consideration and achievement of construction and other milestones for setting up the IT Park.The Company is currently evaluating the Letter and is in the process of placing the proposal before the Board of Directors for consideration and approval.Source : BSE

Nifty may trade between 7860-8040: Magnum Equity BrokingLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nifty may trade between 7860-8040: Magnum Equity Broking
According to a report by Magnum Equity Broking, Nifty is likely to trade between 8040 and 7860 with some downward biasness.
Post your opinion here
 
Magnum Equity Broking's Fundamental Report:
Indian market fell on Monday as rate-sensitive firms such as ICICI Bank Ltd felt the pinch a day ahead of the Reserve Bank of India's policy review, but exporters such as IT firms and drug makers cashed in on the rupee's weakness.
The benchmark BSE Sensex ended down 0.11 percent, or 29.21 points, at 26,597.11, a fourth session of fall in five and the broader Nifty lost 0.12 percent or 9.95 points to close at 7958.90. Interest rate sensitive stocks led the declines. The tone of RBI's statement could be important in setting expectations about when the central bank would lower interest rates.
ICICI Bank lost 1.3 percent, HDFC Bank fell 0.8 percent, and Kotak Mahindra Bank closed down 2.1 percent, while Axis Bank was 0.9 percent lower. The RBI is widely expected to keep interest rates on hold today, with the focus expected to be on the tone of its policy statement as Governor Raghuram Rajan has reiterated his commitment to tame inflation.
Adding to the caution, foreign investors were net sellers for four consecutive sessions, totalling over USD 500 million, their biggest selling streak since May.
US stocks closed down on Monday despite encouraging economic data as the Hong Kong protests weighed on global markets. Asian equities were mixed on Tuesday amid caution over developments in Hong Kong and as investors focused on data in China and Japan.
Global cues are subdued today, with them SGX Nifty is showing 25 points cut in morning trade indicating that Indian market would open soft today and Nifty is likely to trade between 8040 and 7860 with some downward biasness.
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

GM India commences vehicle exportsGM India commences vehicle exports
RBI Expected to Hold Interest Rates until April-June QuarterRBI Expected to Hold Interest Rates until April-June Quarter
Rupee opens lower at 61.61 per dollar ahead of RBI policy reviewRupee opens lower at 61.61 per dollar ahead of RBI policy review
Sensex flat in early trade; RBI policy eyedSensex flat in early trade; RBI policy eyed
Shanghai La Chapelle prices Hong Kong IPO at low end  raises $219 millionShanghai La Chapelle prices Hong Kong IPO at low end  raises $219 million
China Sept PMI steady on stronger global demand but risks remainChina Sept PMI steady on stronger global demand but risks remain
Upbeat US consumer data lifts Oil futuresUpbeat US consumer data lifts Oil futures
Sterlite Technologies tie up with Japanese co ViscasHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Sterlite Technologies ties up with Japanese co Viscas
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 30:  
Sterlite Technologies has entered into a joint venture agreement with Viscas Corporation, a Japanese company which specialises in providing power transmission and distribution systems solutions globally.
In an exchange filing, Sterlite Technologies said that as part of the tie up, Viscas will invest in the existing power cable facility of Sterlite at Haridwar, which is already serving the medium voltage and high voltage power cable customers in India.
(This article was published on September 30, 2014)
Related

Target No. 1 accomplished  now Rajnath Singh says it s mission No. 2 for BJPE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Bhushan Steel gains 5% as MD Neeraj Singal released on bailBhushan Steel gains 5% as MD Neeraj Singal released on bail
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 30, 2014 09:34 AM IST
Bhushan Steel is locked in upper circuit of 5% at Rs 118 after the company said that  Neeraj Singal, vice chairman and managing director of the company who was in judicial custody haS been released on bail on September 27, 2014.
Singal was arrested on 7 August for his alleged involvement in the Syndicate Bank bribery case.
Since then, the stock had tanked 67% from Rs 305 to Rs 102 on September 25 on BSE.
At 0930 hours, a combined 50,000 shares changed hands on the counter and there are pending buy orders for nearly 200,000 shares on NSE and BSE.
 

The 6 most influential business books of 2014The 6 Most Influential Business Books Of 2014
By Emmie Martin | Business Insider –  Thu 25 Sep, 2014 11:28 PM IST
Print
Ralph Orlowski/Getty Images This year, the most influential books cover topics from inequality to digital privacy.
Each year, dozens of books detailing business strategies and profiling success stories are published, making it difficult to discern which ones are worth your time.
Luckily, an esteemed panel of judges for the annual Financial Times' and McKinsey Business Book of the Year Award (previously Goldman Sachs was a partner) have released a short list of the six most influential books of the year.
The topics range from inequality to digital privacy, and the judges hope they will inspire creative thinking and help readers deepen their understanding of today's world, says Lionel Barber, editor of the Financial Times.
Panel members include Steve Coll, dean of the School of Journalism at Columbia University and a staff writer at The New Yorker magazine; Steve Denning, chairman of General Atlantic, LLC; and Rik Kirkland, director of publishing for McKinsey & Company.
Here are the books that made the list:

BJP to hold 300 rallies across 288 seats in 48hoursBJP to hold 300 rallies across 288 seats in 48 hours
Written by Shubhangi Khapre | Mumbai |       September 29, 2014 1:34 pm
Comments
The Bharatiya Janata Party has embarked on an ambitious campaign titled ‘Mulukh Maidan’ to beat the five-cornered contest in the October 15 Assembly elections in Maharashtra. In just 48 hours — on September 30 and October 1 — the BJP will hold 300 rallies across the 288 constituencies and has deployed 53 leaders, including Union ministers, to address them.
Historically, ‘Mulukh Maidan’ is the name of the heavy cannon used by Adil Shah in the battle of Bijapur. It was 4 metres long, 1.5 metres in diameter and weighed 55 tonnes.
BJP political managers said the term ‘Mulukh Maidan’ was being used just to symbolise that “once BJP takes to the battleground the rest will be wiped out of the contest”.
“It’s like equating the BJP with the cannon, which one starts firing would drive away all the political rivals,” said a leader.
Holding 300 rallies in two days is a record that has no parallel in Maharashtra politics.
In the past, several political parties including the BJP had held public rallies deploying their leaders region-wise over a period of 15 to 25 days. But considering the short time left for the polls, coupled with a five-cornered contest that will see multiple players in each Assembly seats, the BJP wants its “lotus” to register in the minds of voters.
BJP vice-president Vinay Sahastrabuddhe said: “Ideally, the campaign is to convey a strong message of single-party rule for stability in Maharashtra.”
The party leadership’s primary concern was how to connect to the masses with a strong message in a short time. The breakup with the Shiv Sena has forced them to redraw the campaign strategy and make corrective steps to cover the state with a renewed aggression in Shiv Sena strongholds like the districts of Marathwada, Mumbai, Thane and Konkan.
The BJP, which is banking on the results from Vidarbha (60 seats) and North Maharashtra (36 seats) to give them a strong edge, reckons that it needs to plug the shortcomings in Mumbai, Thane, Konkan (together 72 seats) and Marathwada (48 seats) where the battle will be challenging in the absence of partnership with Sena. Western Maharashtra is the new turf where the BJP is banking on poor image of the NCP to make inroads.
According to state BJP president Devendra Fadnavis, “Ideally, the thought uppermost in my mind is to restore the glory of Maharashtra. The single purpose of our campaign is to see 288 lotuses bloom in the current political puddle.”
The list of 53 leaders who would campaign extensively over the two days include Union Agriculture Minister Radha Mohan Singh in South Maharashtra, BJP national vice-president Purushottam Rupala in Satara, Sangali, HRD Minister Smriti Irani in Pune, former MP and cricketer Navjot Singh Sidhu in Mumbai, BJP bational secretary Muralidhar Rao in Latur and Solapur, National vice-president Vinay Sahastrabuddhe in Thane and Union Minister for Environment & Forests Prakash Javadekar in Nashik.
Delhi BJP leader Vijendra Gupta, Union ministers Uma Bharati, Kailash Mishra and Santosh Gangwar, state BJP president Devendra Fadnavis, Leader of Opposition in the Assembly Eknath Khadse, continued…

Gadchiroli cops anticipate Naxal attacks  ready with combatplanGadchiroli cops anticipate Naxal attacks, ready with combat plan
Written by Vivek Deshpande | Nagpur |       September 29, 2014 1:34 pm
Comments
The Maharashtra Police have prepared their combat plan anticipating major Naxal activity during the run-up to the Assembly elections as well as on the polling day and after, till the polling parties are safely evacuated to the district headquarters.
Despite heavy setbacks in the recent past, the police said, the Naxals were expected to make every possible attempt to disrupt polling in Gadchiroli, making liberal use of IEDs and ambushes.
With Maharashtra being the only Naxal-affected state going to polls next month, the Maoists are expected to be able to focus better on Gadchiroli. Already, a lot of posters calling for election boycott have been recovered from a lot of places and many inputs about increase in the frequency of Naxal movements are being received.
Sources said the police were anticipating major Naxal activity, ambushes in particular, in south Gadchiroli areas of Aheri and Perimili. North Gadchiroli areas of Dhanora, Murumgaon and Gyarapatti, where the Naxals have weakened considerably, might witness IED blasts in surprise attacks, said the police.
SP Sandip Patil said: “We have already started aggressive area domination. We are not allowing the Naxal bid to move in large numbers together and have foiled such attempts six times in the past 40 days. The latest was in Kasansur last week, where we foiled one such congregation bid by 40-50 Naxals and have recovered a lot of material, including a few walkie-talkie sets.” Patil added that “coordinated security operations with neighbouring states were being ensured”.
Some ten-odd booths have been shifted to safer places due to inaccessibility caused by heavy rains and thick vegetation.
Shoulder bags sporting Ganapathi photo recovered
In what is seen as unprecedented, ground-level Naxal cadres have started sporting the photograph of CPI (Maoist) general secretary Muppala Lakshmana Rao alias Ganapathi on the back of their shoulder bags. SP Sandip Patil told The Indian Express that such bags were recovered after the recent Kasansur firing incident in Gadchiroli. “This has been observed for the first time to our surprise. Maybe the Naxals have the direction to project Ganapathi as their role model,” said Patil.

VVPATs to debut in 13 AssemblypocketsVVPATs to debut in 13 Assembly pockets
Written by Tabassum Barnagarwala | Mumbai |       September 29, 2014 1:34 pm
Comments
The VVPAT system was first experimented in the Noksen Assembly bypoll in Nagaland and now will be used in the upcoming Maharashtra polls. (Source: PTI photo)
A pilot project launched by the state’s chief electoral officer will enable the electorate in 13 Assembly pockets to verify whether their votes have been cast to the right candidate.
Moving towards a more accountable polling process, a voter-verified paper audit trial (VVPAT) will be attached to the electronic voting machine (EVM) and print each vote so that it can be double-checked exclusively by the voter.
While the pilot project was first launched during the Lok Sabha elections in eight constituencies in the country — Lucknow, Gandhinagar, Bangalore South, Chennai Central, Jadavpur, Raipur, Patna Sahib and Mizoram — this time it will be tested in 13 Assembly segments in the state.
The 13 pockets are Wardha, Amravati (2 pockets), Yavatmal, Chandrapur, Nashik (3 pockets), Aurangabad (3 pockets) and Ahmednagar (2 pockets). Being relatively less populous, these Assembly constituencies were identified to test the VVPAT, Election Commission officials said.
Deputy Chief Electoral Officer A N Valvi said, “The VVPAT will print out a piece of paper each time a vote is cast. It will show the party’s symbol and serial number of the candidate for the voter’s confirmation. The slip will then automatically get deposited in a locked box attached with the EVM. In case of future allegations of bogus votes or wrong counting, these slips will give the final word.”
Currently, the expenses in setting up the entire process involve only the cost of the battery and paper.
Shekhar Chane, suburban collector in Mumbai, said: “Such a process will also build the voter’s confidence that there is no tampering with the voting machine. Apart from the voter, no one can see what is printed on the slip immediately after the vote is cast, thus ensuring the secrecy of the vote.”

Govt focussed on putting economy on upward trajectory: PMYoshita Singh and Lalit K Jha     New York   Last Updated: September 29, 2014  | 14:57 IST
PM Narendra Modi (Photo: Reuters)
Asserting that trade and commerce leads international relations in today's age, Prime Minister Narendra Modi assured the Indian-American community in New York that his government is determined to put the economy on an upward trajectory by focussing on key sectors like agriculture, manufacturing and services.
"In today's world, it is trade and commerce that leads international relations and drives the economies," Modi said at a dinner hosted in his honour by Indian Ambassador to the US, S Jaishankar.
Modi, after having addressed nearly 20,000 people of the Indian community at a rock-star style event in Madison Square Garden , spoke briefly to the select gathering of eminent men and women and underscored his government's focus and efforts to move forward on development and make India a magnet of investment.
"Our entire focus is on the growth of economic activity, on how to grow the economy be it agriculture, manufacturing or services," he said.
"I believe that for a healthy economy, one-third agriculture, one-third manufacturing, one-third services sector - if all these grow simultaneously then even if one of the sectors faces a decline, the country's economy will not be immensely impacted."
He, however, said that if the economy rests wholly on any one of the sectors, it will not be able to bear the brunt of even slight disruptions.
His government is focussed on the manufacturing sector.
In manufacturing sector there needs to be creation of small jobs.
"Our efforts is that India should progress and develop in all three sectors," he said adding that in the services sector,  tourism has a huge scope.
"In today's age one sector that has the most potential for growth is tourism. It is estimated that three trillion dollars worth of business lies in the tourism sector," he said, adding that India has not taken advantage of the huge potential that tourism holds and has not even scratched the surface in achieving its potential in the tourism sector.
"Our endeavour is that tourism should grow. I believe that terrorism divides and tourism unites," he said to a rousing applause by the audience as he said that when tourism grows, then everyone from the "autoricksha walah, taxi walah and chaiwala" earns.
(PTI)

India s Sun TV  SpiceJet gain on political turmoilE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Beware: The risks involved with investing your moneyPrint
There is no gain without pain. Even the most secure investments have some sort of risk involved. However, this should not worry you. Just because there is a risk, does not mean it will only cause you losses.
Many financial analysts calculate risk as the variation in the price of an asset. This includes both an increase in price as well as a decrease. This is why a greater risk also means a higher capacity to deliver returns. The catch here is to be smart and invest at the right time. That is how you minimize your risks.
Here’s a look at the risks involved in different kinds of securities:
· Stocks: Equities are touted to be one of the riskiest instruments. This is because prices of stocks are very sensitive and fluctuate every minute. The key risk is that any new development may lead to a sudden and sharp fall in stock prices. That said, the reverse is also quite likely. The best example is when prices of stocks rally before the company reports its financial results or before it announces the dividend. A key point to be noted here is that even amongst different stocks, risks vary. This is because of the nature of the underlying company. If a company is financially healthy, and is likely to continue being so for many years to come, then the risks reduce – especially if you are a long-term investor. Hold your reigns, dear investor. This may be a bumpy, but quite fruitful a ride.
· MFs: Mutual funds are vehicles that pool money from investors to invest in a wide array of securities including stocks, bonds, gold and so on. This reduces the risk in comparison with a single equity stock. However, in poor market conditions, like the US financial crisis in 2008, every kind of asset may fall in value. During such times, mutual funds may underperform too. Another key risk with respect to MFs is that the management may take poor decisions.
· Fixed deposits: These are counted as one of the safest instruments. Banks are not expected to fail. A bank not being able to pay interest rates or return the money held in deposits seems too far-fetched. Yet, risks remain. An example that comes to mind is that of the South Indian Co-operative Bank. In early 2000s, the bank ran into asset problems. It did not have enough liquid money left to pay depositors. Once the news reached the masses, depositors tried to exit FDs and accounts and tried to take their money out. This led to more problems for the bank.
The good news is that the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has tightened minimum capital requirements for banks and strongly regulates the risks in the banking system. This means there is close-to-zero risk of banks defaulting on interest payments to depositors.
· Bonds: This is often a cheaper source of borrowing for governments and companies. Bonds are classified on the basis of the credit risk of the issuer. Usually, bonds are considered a low-risk investment option. For this reason, they also give lower returns. The key risk involved here is if the company or government defaults. However, the chances of this happening are very low.
· Real estate: In India, housing is touted to be the most lucrative investment option. This is because, prices for real estate have sky-rocketed, and expected to continue rising. However, there is a big risk of housing price bubbles like that in the US. Getting a house is not cheap. It almost always involves getting a loan. A high demand can mean that debt levels rise. After a certain limit, this leads to a sudden fall in prices.
· Gold: Just like real estate, gold is the go-to investment option in India. This is one asset that Indians love to accumulate. They do so in anticipation of a continued rise in prices. However, India depends on imports for its gold. This means, domestic prices of gold are dependent on the international prices of the yellow metal. This exposes bullion to great risks. Take for example the debt crisis in Cyprus. This lead to a massive fall in the gold prices, including in India.
· Insurance: An insurance company gets regular payment from the insured called the ‘premium’. This money is then accumulated or invested by the company to earn profits, which is used to pay the insured in case of any emergency. It is fairly safe. However, what if the company loses all of its money? How will it pay back? This is the key risk in case of insurance companies. However, worry not. The chances of an insurance company defaulting are not high.
If reading all this puts you off investing in general, and all you wish to do is save money in bank accounts or cash lockers, consider this – inflation in India has been hovering in double-digits. This means, every year the money you ‘save’ loses value. This will surely happen whether or not you invest. The probability of losing money in investments is much lower than this.
This work is produced by Simplus Information Services Pvt Ltd. Customer engagement through content.
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
MORE ARTICLES FROM THE SAME PROVIDER

Rupee falls 38 points to log near 7-month lowForex update: Rupee falls 38 points to log near 7-month low against US dollar
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 29, 2014  | 19:59 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The rupee on Monday depreciated by 38 paise to log a near 7-month closing low of 61.53 against the Greenback following dollar demand from importers and some weakness in local equities ahead of Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) monetary policy review.
Sustained capital outflows also kept the rupee under pressure while some weakness in the dollar overseas, which was trading down by 0.14 per cent against its major global rivals, was not able to stem the rupee fall, a forex dealer said.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the rupee commenced lower at 61.35 a dollar from previous close of 61.15. The domestic unit immediately touched a high of 61.31 on initial firmness in the domestic equity market.
Later, the rupee fell back sharply to a low of 61.59 before concluding at 61.53, logging a fall of 38 paise (or 0.62 per cent). This is its weakest level since March 5, 2014 when it closed at 61.75.
In its previous session on last Friday, the rupee rose by 19 paise or 0.31 per cent.
Among other Asian currencies also the dollar appreciated. The Japanese yen headed towards the 110-mark after US data showed the economy expanded at its fastest pace since 2011 during the April-June quarter.
Meanwhile, the benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex on Monday eased by 29.21 points (or 0.11 per cent). Foreign Institutional Investors (FIIs) had pulled out US $39.95 million last Friday as per data released by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi).
Pramit Brahmbhatt, CEO, Veracity Group said, "To start the week, rupee depreciated over half a per cent during the day. It tok cues from dollar which is trading strong. Also, the increased month-end dollar demand from oil importers forced rupee to trade low.
Now all eyes are on the RBI policy review on Tuesday which will show the road ahead for the USD/INR pair. The trading range for the spot rupee is expected to be within 61.00 to 62.00."

RBI Policy Review: Relief for Borrowers UnlikelyCommercial Mining of Coal to be Allowed After Auction: Finance Minister
The Reserve Bank of India is likely to hold interest rates steady at its policy review meet on September 30. All but three of 46 economists surveyed by Reuters said the central bank would leave its key repo rate unchanged at 8 per cent.
Economists also pushed back expectations for when the first interest rate cut is likely to happen.
The Reuters poll showed that they now think the first 0.25 per cent cut in the repo rate will come between April and June next year, three months later than they had predicted in a July poll.
That would coincide with expectations of the first rate hike by the US Federal Reserve, in a move that would start pulling the curtain down on almost five years of nearly zero per cent interest rates and trillions of dollars spent on stimulus.
"From the commentary of Governor Raghuram Rajan it was very clear that inflation remains the focus," said Bhupesh Bameta, economist at Quant Capital. "That gives us more confidence that instead of the first quarter the first rate cut will be shifted to the second quarter."
At an RBI meeting in early August, Dr Rajan reaffirmed his commitment to bringing down inflation and said it was "appropriate to continue maintaining a vigilant monetary policy stance".
Consumer price inflation cooled to 7.80 per cent in August from 7.96 per cent in July. But, it is still far higher than the 6 per cent level the RBI wants it at by January 2016, and as risks of a temporary spike from escalating food prices still exist.
Story first published on: September 29, 2014 18:54 (IST)

Einstein bagels parent to be acquired by majority owner of Peet s  Caribou Coffee1
The deal has been approved by Einstein Noah’s board of directors and has the support of its largest shareholder, David Einhorn’s Greenlight Capital.
"For more than a decade, we have worked closely with the Einstein Noah Restaurant Group to execute a turnaround plan, reducing debt and expanding its store footprint,” Einhorn said in a statement. “JAB is an experienced firm that will lead Einstein Noah Restaurant Group into its next phase of growth.”
Greenlight Capital owns more than 35 percent of Einstein Noah’s outstanding common shares, and plans to tender them in favor of the deal.
The takeover is the latest change for Einstein Noah, which has been working to revitalize everything from its menu and marketing to the design of its stores. Earlier this month, it named Frank Paci as president and chief executive officer after having board member Michael Arthur in the post on an interim basis since February, when President and CEO Jeff O’Neill resigned. Chief Operating Officer Emanuel “Manny” Hilario also resigned this year.
JAB is familiar with the coffee shop business, already owning both Peet’s and Caribou. JAB is also majority owner in D.E Master Blenders 1753, the international coffee and tea company that was spun off from the former Sara Lee Corp. in 2012. JAB also owns Jimmy Choo, Bally and Belstaff, and has a majority stake in beauty company Coty.
Einstein Noah will continue to be based in Lakewood, Colo., and be operated as a stand-alone company, like JAB’s other holdings. Michael Tattersfield, CEO of Caribou Coffee Co., will serve as board chairman.
Einstein Bros. has 30 stores in the Chicago area. Nationally, the company operates, franchises and licenses more than 855 restaurants under the Einstein Bros., Noah’s New York Bagels and Manhattan Bagel brands in 42 states and Washington, D.C.
Chicago-based merchant bank BDT Capital Partners is a minority investor in the deal. BDT & Co. also served as a financial co-advisor to JAB, along with Citigroup Global Markets. Stifel is serving as Einstein Noah’s financial adviser on the deal.
mepodmolik@tribune.com

Sebi Grants Conditional Renewal to MCX-SX Clearing CorporationSebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
Mumbai: The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) on Monday granted conditional one-year renewal of recognition to MCX-SX Clearing Corporation, which were among the entities in which Jignesh Shah-led Financial Tech or FTIL was asked by the regulator to divest its stake.
Capital market watchdog Sebi's nod for MCX-SX CCL comes within weeks of renewing the approval for MCX-SX.
In the wake of the payment crisis at group firm National Spot Exchange Ltd (NSEL), Sebi in March had ruled that Jignesh Shah-led Financial Technologies (India) Ltd was not 'fit and proper' to own stakes in any stock exchange or clearing corporation.
Renewing the recognition of MCX-SX CCL, Sebi said it would be valid for one year starting from October 3. The approval is subject to various conditions, including that the clearing house should "submit an action plan for achieving net worth requirements".
"The clearing corporation shall achieve a minimum net worth of Rs 100 crore within nine months from the date of grant of recognition. The clearing corporation shall also submit quarterly status update in this regard," Sebi said in a release on Monday.
Further, MCX-SX CCL has been asked to take "immediate steps to rectify the deficiencies pointed out in the systems audit" apart from appointing Managing Director and Compliance Officer at the earliest.
According to Sebi, the clearing house should meet shareholding requirements and comply with its direction issued through the order in March this year.
Meanwhile, Sebi has renewed recognition of two other clearing houses - National Securities Clearing Corporation Ltd (NSCCL) and Indian Clearing Corporation Ltd (ICCL) - for a period of one year.
In its March 19 order, Sebi had ruled that FTIL was not 'fit and proper' to own stakes in any stock exchange and directed it to divest existing holdings in MCX-SX, MCX-SX CCL, Delhi Stock Exchange and Vadodara Stock Exchange.
As per Sebi's ruling, which had come against the backdrop of NSEL payment crisis, FTIL was not "a "fit and proper person to acquire or hold any equity share or any instrument that provides for entitlement for equity shares or rights over equity shares at any future date, in a recognised stock exchange or clearing corporation".
This would be applicable for both direct and indirect holdings of FTIL in stock exchanges and clearing corporations.
With regard to Indian Clearing Corporation and National Securities Clearing Corporation, Sebi on Monday said their approvals were subject to conditions including that they took immediate steps to rectify the deficiencies pointed out in their respective systems audit.
Additionally, ICCL has got the approval on condition that it would put in place a "business continuity plan and disaster recovery site as prescribed by Sebi".
Besides, NSCCL has been asked by the regulator "appoint compliance officer exclusively for the clearing corporation" as a condition for renewal.
While NSCCL is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the National Stock Exchange (NSE), ICCL is part of BSE.
Clearing corporations undertake the activity of clearing and settlement of trades in securities or other instruments or products that are dealt with or traded on stock exchanges.
Story first published on: September 29, 2014 22:44 (IST)

Govt will create neo-middle class to propel development: ModiPrime Minister Narendra Modi
New York, Sept 29:  
Prime Minister Narendra Modi comes out against appeasement and vote bank politics and says that things have now changed in India. I want to create a neo-middle class to accelerate development.
While addressing Council on Foreign Relations in New York, he said: My government wants to create a balance among agriculture, manufacturing and services. We are bringing labour reforms. Seeing the mandate we have got, we feel it is imperative to take India on the path of development.
I will invite experts on environment from across the world to clean up Ganga.
There is a need to take the challenge of terrorism seriously. Sad that many countries could not understand the ugly face of terrorism.
Replying to questions on trade facilitation issue, he clarified that food security is first for India, but trade facilitation and food security can co-exist.
(This article was published on September 29, 2014)
Related

Five key takeaways from Modi s CFR interaction5 key takeaways from Modi's CFR interaction
Abhishek Jha | Mumbai Sep 30, 2014 01:19 AM IST
The Council on Foreign Relations in New York is a powerful and influential policy  organization in the United States. Narendra Modi is the sixth Indian prime minister to address the CFR. His speech, however, was a rehash of what he had already said in his trip's first two days at the United Nations General Assembly and then at Madison Square Garden. What was new was the candid question and answer session that followed. Some key takeaways:
The speech highlights:  The Prime Minister’s speech combined themes from his first two days in the United States. From G-All (need to move beyond closed groups like G8 and G20) to 3D (democracy, demographic dividend and demand) formula, Modi mentioned it all. He reiterated that the present century belonged to Asia and China and that India would be at the forefront of it. Modi also stressed on the importance of univocally condemning terrorism. He also defended his government’s stance regarding the trade agreement talks at WTO, saying that he’d keep the well being of the poor section of the society in mind too. He ended his speech by inviting everyone to India and saying that, “Tourism unites, terrorism divides”.
Dynamics with US: With the focus now shifting to Washington D.C. and his meeting with US President Obama, the inevitable question was if the two nations could move beyond posturing and actually start a new chapter in their bilateral relations. Modi had a light and yet serious take on the issue. He said, “One doesn’t have to be comfortable with everything. Even between a husband and wife 100% comfort is not possible but despite that there is long-term commitment.” He added that the fundamental belief in democracy which the two nations shared could go a long way in making each other natural allies.
Terrorism outlook: There was a pointed question on the growing ISIS problem and Islamic fundamentalism. The Prime Minister had a philosophical answer. He said that all terrorism in India is "exported (from outside) and not home-grown". He added that Indians believed in non-violence as taught by Buddha and Mahatma Gandhi. He expressed confidence that the Indian Muslim would defeat the Al Qaeda's designs.  
China and the border issue: When asked if the border dispute with China required international arbitration, Modi said that it was not required. He expressed confidence in his government’s bilateral talks with China to solve the issue and added that the process has already begun after his meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping.
Helping the girl child:  The Prime Minister also stressed on the need to address girl child education and said that this was a key focus for him. He added that his cabinet had 25% female ministers and mentioned External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj, who was present there, as an example. He claimed that as the Gujarat chief minister he had ensured 100% female literacy and that was his goal for the whole nation now.

With eye on future  Wipro to slim down by a 3rd in three years sans mass layoffsWith eye on future, Wipro staff recast gets underway
Varun Sood, ET Bureau Sep 30, 2014, 06.58AM IST
Tags:
IBM
("We are looking to become…)
BANGALORE: Wipro has started a threeyear exercise to become a leaner company, initiating its most ambitious reorganisation effort since it started selling computers in 1981 and presaging similar moves in an industry that has been a prolific job-creator.
India's third-largest software company employs 1.46 lakh employees and the aim, according to people familiar with the process, is to slim down by about a third without resorting to mass layoffs of the kind that IBM and Microsoft have effected this year.
"We are looking to become around 100,000-strong.This is the plan or ambition, but it depends on how effectively we can deploy automation," said one of the sources.
"The pyramid structure will give way to an hour-glass kind of structure," he said, indicating that Wipro wants a trim middle.
Wipro an early mover
The executives ET spoke to agreed to discuss the issue of Wipro's restructuring only on condition of anonymity and with the understanding that the company has no intention of firing employees to achieve its goal.A spokesman declined comment. For about a decade-and-a-half, the information technology services industry has been a driving force for creating jobs in the formal economy. Companies such as Tata Consultancy Services, Infosys, Wipro and HCL Technologies have helped create a new middle class and establish India's reputation as one of the world's knowledge hubs.
Now, the pace of hiring by software services companies is slowing, but new opportunities are also opening up in the form of jobs at startups.While Wipro is one of the early movers in trying to cope with the structural changes in the technology business, experts said the software services industry — it employs about 3 million in India — is heading in the same direction."
The model of mass hiring from campuses is dying," said Swami Manohar, a former computer science professor at the Indian Institute of Science in Bangalore and founder of Limberlink Technologies, an engineering education startup. "We are already seeing many engineering colleges shutting down, and unless there is a change within these colleges, companies will stop going to campuses altogether."
The quality of engineering education is a concern for companies, but the big change is that they are able to do more with less, especially in areas such as software testing and maintenance of computer infrastructure. At Wipro, automated tools are expected to make their presence felt significantly in two departments — monitoring of computer infrastructure and administration, which together employ 48,000. The monitoring department makes up about one-fifth of Wipro's workforce now, and it is seen making up around 5% of the company's headcount in three years.
  Those engaged in administrative tasks will number 7,000 at the end of three years from 20,000 at present.
Wipro has an attrition rate of 16-17%, translating into about 23,000 employees leaving the company each year. So, the company will be in a position to become lean without having to issue pink slips, one executive said, observing that much of the attrition is not in important areas of operations."So do we need to replace these people as we are looking to automate a lot of processes," he asked.
Wipro's desire to become "a less bloated and a more nimble" organisation without firing employees underscores the challenges facing the country's $108-billion ( Rs 6-lakh crore) technology industry and mirrors the hiring trend at the large outsourcers. Between April 2013 and March 2014, the IT industry added only 13,000 employees for every billion dollars of revenue, as against 26,500 employees in the previous year, according to software industry grouping Nasscom.
Wipro added 241 engineers in the 12 months to March 2014. While the company attempts to become "less bloated and bureaucratic", the speed with which technology is changing the landscape means the focus will be on hiring people with skills in areas such as open source software, cloud computing and data analytics. Wipro has already started using machine learning and automation to improve productivity at its internal help desk. Earlier this year, the company started a programme that offers engineers and business management graduates equal opportunity in climbing up the ranks.
"The focus is to get back to technology," an executive said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Manufacturing: Make 3/4 goods in India  sell...Fabindia
(The company procures 98%…)
NEW DELHI: The government is likely to allow foreign-funded Indian firms to sell goods online if they make more than three-fourths of their product range themselves at home as part of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's wider push to promote manufacturing, and to boost homegrown brands such as Fabindia.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had said in his July 10 budget that manufacturers will be allowed to sell goods online even if they have foreign investment provided they manufacture locally. The existing foreign investment policy does not allow any foreign direct investment (FDI) in ecommerce. It also does not define 'manufacturing'.
Fabindia, which makes 80% of the merchandise it sells on its own but is registered as a single-brand retailer, has written to the Department of Industrial Policy & Promotion (DIPP) asking to be treated as a manufacturer. This would enable the Indian-owned and controlled garment, fabric and furnishings company to take advantage of the proposal in the Union Budget and also freely access foreign funds for expansion.
Govt shouldn't be rigid: Experts
Fabindia couldn't be immediately reached for comment.
"We are trying to find some solution to that and help an Indian brand grow big. Those manufacturing in India should be allowed to sell online. We will need to tweak the policy suitably," said a DIPP official who didn't want to be named.
Just before leaving for the US, the prime minister had on September 25 kicked off the 'Make in India' campaign in the presence of CEOs and industry captains, promising a transparent and secure environment to do business in the country as part of a strategy to boost domestic manufacturing, create more jobs and thus add to the growth impetus. Fabindia is 60% owned by Indian shareholders while JLB Canton holds a 23% stake and WCP Mauritius has 16%. The company procures 98% of the products it sells from India, of which 80% come from its own manufacturing units and the rest from small and medium enterprises.
It sells some goods through ecommerce using permission obtained in the early 1990s."It is an Indian brand, producing in India. But they are also sourcing from other places... organic teas and all. It is not allowed under the existing policy. But we are determined to sort it out," said the official cited above.The government is not keen on opening up ecommerce to FDI as it sees this as a backdoor entry for overseas investment in multibrand retail, something the ruling BJP opposed in its election manifesto.
Still, the government hasn't indicated any rollback of the previous administration's decision to allow 51% FDI in the sector and a BJP member suggested there may be a review of the stance. The government shouldn't be rigid about the manufacturing norm, an expert said.
"There's hardly any company that manufactures everything on its own. Some items are sourced from third parties locally and some are imported. The government should take cues from RBI's definition of erstwhile export-oriented units which said that if 60% of the goods were exported, it would qualify as an EOU," said a chartered accountant asking not to be named.
Jaitley had announced in the budget that manufacturing units would be allowed to sell products through retail channels, including ecommerce platforms, without any additional approvals. India allows 100% foreign investment in manufacturing.Though the government has not issued a notification based on the budget announcement, officials said a 'manufacturing' firm by definition makes all products on its own locally. But they said there is scope for relaxation on that front as well.
"We are still working on the notification. But 100% manufacturing condition is a bit too stringent. So for at least the Indian brands with foreign funding, we may keep the threshold lower at, say, 74%. We are yet to take a final decision," said the official cited above.The previous UPA government had allowed 100% FDI in single-brand retail but with conditions related to 30% domestic sourcing and the introduction of new product lines.
Fabindia wants to be classified as a manufacturer instead of a single-brand retailer to carry out business-to-consumer ecommerce, introduce new products without separate government approval, get foreign investment from private equity funds, etc.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Obama greets Modi with a "Kem Cho"Obama greets Modi with a 'Kem Cho'
Press Trust of India | Washington Sep 30, 2014 10:00 AM IST
Ahead of their Summit talks, US President Barack Obama today hosted private dinner for Prime Minister Narendra Modi as the two leaders sought to reinvigorate bilateral ties.
The Prime Minister, who arrived here late afternoon at the Andrew Airforce Base, was received by William Burns, Deputy Secretary of State and other senior officials.
From there, Modi left for the Blair house, the American President's guest house where he will be staying during his Washington trip. Later, he drove to the White House from the Blair guest house for the dinner.
"Kem Cho," asked Obama when he welcomed Modi, who replied, "Thank you very much, President."
The dinner, with limited guests from each side in the Blue Room of the White House might have a delectable spread of dishes, but the main guest only had warm water as he was observing Navratri fasts.
However, First Lady Michelle Obama did not attend the dinner as she was travelling.
"The Prime Minister did not have anything except for warm water," External Affairs Ministry Spokesperson Syed Akabruddin said.
Later, Modi said he had a wonderful meeting with Obama during which they talked about a wide range of issues.
"Obama & I share a vision for a partnership in which our nations work together for the benefit of the entire humankind," the Prime Minister tweeted.
On the issues of discussion during the 90-minute dinner meeting, Akabruddin said discussions were largely on knowing each other and sharing the initial experiences after they took over.
They shared anecdotes to connect with each other, he said while describing the dinner meeting as a 'very successful interaction'.
"They did not get to discuss any of the substantive issues. This was a very cordial and comforting conversation where each of them were trying to understand others perspective and they did not get into very substantive discussion which will follow tomorrow," he added.
They agreed to take up more substantive issue tomorrow -- both in restrictive format and in delegation level talks -- but in general the thinking was that there was a lot of goodwill between India and the US for each other, he said.
"There was a feeling that they should try and focus on some big things that they can achieve in a finite time period in the next few years," the Spokesperson said.
"There was also a feeling that India-US relationship was among the most important relationships in the world today. And therefore, it was incumbent upon both of them to work towards strengthening and deepening this relationship," he said.

FIPB to take up HDFC Bank s foreign investment proposal on Oct 21E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

India & US issue vision statement as Modi  Obama meetObama, Modi vow to boost strategic ties
Reuters | Washington Sep 30, 2014 09:50 AM IST
US President Barack Obama and Prime Minister Narendra Modi vowed on Monday to expand and deepen their countries' strategic partnership and make it a model for the rest of the world.
 
In a joint "vision statement" - 'Chalein Saath Saath: Forward Together We Go' - issued after their first meeting at a White House dinner, the two leaders said they would work together "not just for the benefit of both our nations, but for the benefit of the world."
 
They said their countries would cooperate in security and fight terrorism and back a "rules based" global order in which India assumes greater multilateral responsibility, including a reformed UN Security Council.
 
They also vowed to work together against the threat posed by climate change and to cooperate to address the consequences of unchecked pollution.
 
"We have a vision that the United States and India will have a transformative relationship as trusted partners in the 21st century. Our partnership will be a model for the rest of the world," the "vision statement" said.
 
The two leaders also said the two countries would work to ensure that economic growth brought better livelihoods for all people and stressed the importance of open markets and fair and transparent practices to allow trade to flourish.
 
The United States has been keen to expand business and security ties with India, which is sees as a key counterbalance to an increasingly assertive China in Asia. Obama has backed Delhi's bid to become a permanent member of the UN Security Council.
 
However, so far the relationship has failed to live up to his declaration in 2010 that it would become "one of the defining partnerships of the 21st Century."
 
Modi, who came to power in May, has received a warm welcome in the United States, even though he was denied a visa in 2005 over rioting in his home state three years earlier killed more than 1,000 people, mainly Muslims. Modi, denies any wrongdoing and has been exonerated by an Indian Supreme Court probe.
 
Modi has maintained a frantic schedule during his visit, which began on Friday, even though he is fasting in accordance with Hindu custom and drank only warm water at the White House dinner.
 
As part of an effort to spur foreign investment, he met more than a dozen US corporate leaders earlier on Monday and told them he was committed to liberalizing India's economy, which has underperformed other emerging markets recently after years of breakneck growth.
 
On Saturday, Modi addressed the UN General Assembly and then appeared before some 60,000 people at a musical event in New York's Central Park aimed at ending global poverty and bringing essentials such as sanitation to all.
 
On Sunday, he received a rapturous welcome from a big crowd of Indian-Americans in an appearance in New York's Madison Square Garden arena.
 

Mango crme brulee for Modi at Obama dinnerUpdated: September 30, 2014 12:54 IST
Mango crème brulee for Modi at Obama dinner
PTI
Special Arrangement Indian and US delegates at the dinner hosted at the White House for Prime Minister Narendra Modi
TOPICS
India-United States
A spread comprising of compressed avacados, crisped halibut, saffron basmati rice and salmon were part of the menu for dinner that US President Barack Obama hosted for Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who had only warm water due to his fast.
Though there was a plate put in front of the Prime Minister as per the protocol, he only had warm water and asked rest of the guest not to feel embarrassed and continue with their normal dinner, External Affairs Ministry Spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said.
The dinner was attended by limited number of guests from each side.
While from the US, Vice-President Joe Biden, Secretary of State William Burns, National Security Advisor Susan Rice, USAID’s Rajiv Shah were among the nine guests, Indian delegation had External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj, National Security Advisor Ajit Doval, Indian Ambassador here S. Jaishankar and Foreign Secretary Sujatha Singh among others.
The dinner also had mango creme brulee for the guests.
The Prime Minister has been observing Navratri fasts for last 40 years and this year it coincided with his five-day US visit from September 26.

Search for missing flight MH370 to resumeUpdated: September 30, 2014 09:42 IST
Search for missing flight MH370 to resume
PTI
AP Flight MH370 with 239 people aboard lost contact on March 8. No trace of any wreckage has been found so far.
TOPICS
air transport
The search for the missing Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 is expected to resume this week again with two specialist ships set to begin scouring the Indian Ocean for the plane which disappeared with 239 people on board nearly six months ago.
The Malaysian-contracted GO Phoenix vessel would arrive at the newly defined search area far off from the West Australian coast on Wednesday. It would stay for 20 days before sailing to Fremantle to be resupplied. It will then be joined by another ship Fugro Discovery, which is on its way to WA after undergoing fit—out work in South Africa.
Fugro Discovery is expected to arrive in Fremantle on Thursday. Survey vessel Fugro Equator will also join the search by October—end once it finishes sea floor mapping work currently underway.
The analysis of satellite data from the plane was refined which led to the conclusion that the jet may have entered the water in an area south of what was initially considered the top priority search zone.
Flight MH370 with 239 people aboard lost contact on March 8. No trace of any wreckage has been found so far. Another flight MH17 was shot down by a missile over eastern Ukraine on July 17, killing all 289 people aboard.

From Rs 20K to Rs 8 000 crore: Emami s amazing success storyHi Guest
From Rs 20K to Rs 8,000 crore: Emami's amazing success story
With the acquisition of Himani, Emami entered the mainstream personal care category in the late seventies, notes RS Agarwal.   The late 1960s were not the best of times to kick off one's own business venture. Certainly not for two young boys, who did not hail from a business family and who were already engaged in cushy jobs in a large and respectable corporate group (Birla Group). But then, if you love being the boss rather than being bossed around, if you have a desire to be in control, ...

HDIL up 4% after promoters revoke all pledged equity sharesHDIL up 4% after promoters revoke all pledged equity shares
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 30, 2014 09:44 AM IST
Shares of Housing Development and Infrastructure Limited (HDIL) is trading higher by nearly 4% at Rs 85 on National Stock Exchange (NSE) after the real estate developer said its promoters have revoked all shares earlier pledged with IL&FS Trust Company.
IL&FS Trust Company has released 75.49 million equity shares of promoters, including Mr Rakesh Kumar Wadhawan, on September 29. The released shares in the latest tranche comprise 51.89% of the total shares pledged by promoter group, HDIL said in a press release.
Earlier on July 4, 2014, IL&FS Trust Company had released 70 million equity shares, comprising of 48.11% of the total pledged shares of promoter group.
The company said, with the latest release of pledged shares by IL&FS Trust Company, the total number of pledged shares by HDIL promoters now stands nil.
The stock opened at Rs 83.75 and hit a high of Rs 85.80 on NSE. A combined 3.9 million shares changed hands on the counter in first half-an-hour of trading on NSE and BSE.
 

When Kavita Karkare expressed anguish against govt in apoemKavita Karkare (in picture), the wife of martyr Hemant Karkare (Source: PTI)
Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: September 30, 2014 10:04 am | Updated: September 30, 2014 1:20 pm
This is a poem written by Kavita Karkare, the wife of martyr Hemant Karkare. The poem was read by Kavita, who passed away on Monday, at the Marathi book launch of ‘To The Last Bullet – The Inspiring Story Of A Braveheart Ashok Kamte’ by Vinita Kamte, Vinita Deshmukh.
Following is the English translation of the poem.
Do not make the mistake of becoming a martyr in this country,
as you will be branded a headless chicken
and a dumb ass who went forward (to face the threat)
‘Why do martyrs get the Ashokchakra?’
Such will be the sophistries after your death.
The Ram Pradhan Committee will hang even the martyrs,
hence don’t make the mistake of becoming a martyr in this country
‘Why was timely help not provided during 26/11
or why were the bodies lying on the road for 40 minutes?’
Do not raise such questions as the wife of a martyr in this country.
But first, do not commit the crime of becoming a martyr in this country.
No country subjects their martyrs to an alcohol test. Our country does.
Do not try to understand the politics behind this.
Why did a certain officer switch off his cell phone?
Or why was some officer sitting on the terrace?
Do not stand up bravely and point fingers their way
The compensation for martyrs got talked about a hundred times,
and the accounts of leave encashment and Provident Fund were given
If that was not enough, there were reminders of the Rs 15000 that were given for the last rites.
Do not make the mistake of becoming a martyr while being in a government job.
Murders are forgiven in this country.
Those who have been released from prison after being charged with corruption
can mingle among the masses with their heads held high.
But when you become a martyr, you become a pariah.
Do not ever commit the crime of becoming a martyr in this country.
Should martyrs be hanged?
Or should their martyrdom be kept alive?
You will decide. You will be keeping a flame that torch that we have lit.
 

Opinion: Governor  Take The Bull by the HornsInfosys CEO Vishal Sikka Outlines Strategy in First Press Conference
(Sanjeev Bhasin is an independent analyst)
Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan is likely to hold repo rate in his policy announcement today. The chances of a rate cut are slim, but Dr Rajan is known to surprise markets.
In my view, the Governor must cut rates because,
1) Consumer price inflation hit a 19 month low of 7.8 per cent in August and even though seasonally it may spike a bit due to rainfall shortage and upcoming festival demand, it will rise only marginally.
2) Factory output slowed down in August and a rate cut can revive sentiments. It could also add colour to the festive season.
3) Extended weakness in global commodity prices has helped alleviate RBI's concerns on the fiscal side. Current account deficit and fiscal deficit are likely to narrow further.
4) India's peers are struggling. Brazil is reeling under severe debt, Russia under sanctions, while China is in the midst of a concerted slow down. A rate cut will give boost to Indians amid a difficult international climate.
The Governor should do away with small tinkering in CRR and SLR and go ahead and cut the repo rate. This could prompt some banks to cut the lending rate, which will revive credit and demand.
So go ahead Governor take your call and actually take the bull by the horns just as Prime Minister Narendra Modi embraced the "wolverine" (Hugh Jackman) in a packed Central Park.
The opinions expressed here are the personal opinions of the author. NDTV is not responsible for the accuracy, completeness, suitability or validity of any information given here. All information is provided on an as-is basis. The information, facts or opinions appearing on the blog do not reflect the views of NDTV and NDTV does not assume any responsibility or liability for the same.
Story first published on: September 30, 2014 09:57 (IST)

Sensex volatile ahead of RBI policy; midcap  smallcap gainSep 30, 2014, 10.34 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex volatile, RBI policy eyed; midcap, smallcap gain
The Reserve Bank of India will announce its monetary policy today at 11 am. Experts do not see any rate cut but they feel there could be SLR cut.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex volatile, RBI policy eyed; midcap, smallcap gain
The Reserve Bank of India will announce its monetary policy today at 11 am. Experts do not see any rate cut but they feel there could be SLR cut.
Post your opinion here
Moneycontrol Bureau
10:35am All eyes on RBI Policy
The Reserve Bank of India is expected to maintain a status quo on rates in its credit policy today, however the market is keeping an eye on governor Raghuram Rajan’s tone.
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Richard Jerram, Chief Economist at the Bank of Singapore, said that though there is no action expected but the “communication around that no action is going to be important”.
He thinks the RBI has been doing a good job in building up the credibility of the anti-inflation process, adding that one has to look at exchange rates too.
“I think you want to make very careful that you are not committing to be cutting interest at a time when there is quite a lot of currency pressure. So, I would think the markets may even welcome some signs of a continued hawkishness just because of the boost of the credibility of the overall process,” Jerram added.
10:20am FII View
Mahesh Nandurkar, CLSA says after the setback to the BJP in the recent state assembly bypolls, the focus is back on politics and the two important state government elections (Maharashtra and Haryana) soon.
“A potential loss for BJP will be a sentiment negative for the market but it will not impact Modi's policy making and the growth improvement trajectory remains intact. Any potential dip after elections will be a buying opportunity,” he adds.
10:00am Market Check
Equity benchmarks remained directionless ahead of much-awaited RBI monetary policy. The Sensex declined 3.52 points to 26593.59 and the Nifty lost 3.55 points to 7955.35.
However, the broader markets outperformed benchmarks with the BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices rising 0.5 percent each. About 1107 shares have advanced, 713 shares declined, and 61 shares are unchanged.
The Reserve Bank of India will announce its monetary policy today at 11 am. Experts do not see any rate cut but they feel there could be SLR cut.
Soumya Kanti Ghosh, Chief Economic Advisor at State Bank of India, expects status quo from the Reserve Bank in its credit policy. In fact he does not see a rate cut this year and the first half of next year.
On the central bank’s tone, Ghosh thinks it would be favourable on the back of positive developments in the past couple of days like the Scotland verdict, the current disinflationary trend and better core numbers.
Though he feels the central bank may cut the statutory liquidity ratio by 25-50 bps, he does not expect any movement in the CRR (cash reserve ratio).
Shares of TCS, Axis Bank, Hindalco Industries and Gail India fell over a percent followed by Infosys, ITC, ICICI Bank, Reliance Industries, and Mahindra and Mahindra with 0.4 percent loss.
However, HDIL topped the buying list, up 1.6 percent. L&T, Bharti Airtel, Tata Motors, HDFC Bank, Sun Pharma, Dr Reddy's Labs, Bajaj Auto, Maruti Suzuki and Tata Power gained 0.3-1.3 percent.
09:15

Modi  Obama bond over dinner  say  Chalein saath saath  ahead of talksModi  Obama bond over dinner  say  Chalein saath saath  ahead of talks
Markets to consolidate in the near term: Bekxy KuriakoseMarkets to consolidate in the near term: Bekxy Kuriakose
One reason why  RBI Guv Raghuram Rajan may not cut key policy ratesOne reason why  RBI Guv Raghuram Rajan may not cut key policy rates
DA case: Karnataka HC to take up Jayalalithaa s bail plea todayDA case: Karnataka HC to take up Jayalalithaa s bail plea today
India s terrorism not homegrown: ModiIndia s terrorism not homegrown: Modi
Modi promises market reforms to US CEOsModi promises market reforms to US CEOs
PRECIOUS-Gold poised for worst month in fifteen on dollar strengthPRECIOUS-Gold poised for worst month in fifteen on dollar strength
Nifty hovers around 8 000 levelsNifty hovers around 8,000 levels
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | September 24, 2014 12:48 IST
Some buying activity is seen in FMCG, IT and metal sectors, while auto, banking, capital goods and realty sectors are showing weakness
 
 
At 12:39PM: The S&P BSE Sensex is trading at 26,727, down 49 points, while NSE Nifty is trading at 8,006, down 11 points.
 
The BSE Mid-cap index is trading down 1.22% at 9,578, while BSE Small-cap is down 1.38% at 10,817.
 
Some buying activity is seen in FMCG, IT and metal sectors, while auto, banking, capital goods and realty sectors are showing weakness on BSE.
Coal India, HUL, Wipro, ITC, Infosys, Sun Pharma and HDFC Bank are among the gainers, whereas BHEL, L&T, Tata Power, Hero MotoCorp, TCS, Cipla and HDFC are losing sheen on BSE.
 
The Supreme Court is expected to give its verdict later in the afternoon on blocks whose allocation was declared illegal by it and in which government claimed that Rs 2 lakh crore investments have been made, says a report.
 
Power and select metal stocks like JSPL and Hindalco will be under pressure as the Supreme Court will pronounce its verdict on illegal coal block allocation.
Enter the characters shown in the image.
 
When It's About Money: Don't just save for your child's education
India Infoline News Service / 08:59, Sep 15, 2014
Many a times parents overlook other goals as they are too busy focusing on just one goal, that is on their child's education. They are too emotionally involved in achieving this particular goal that they forget planning for their retirement and saving for other emergencies.
Monday, 24 November 2014 08:51 IST
Connect with IIFL :
Accountancy Advertising Budget Commerce Derivatives Economics Finance General Mgmt. HR Mgmt. IT Marketing Material Mgmt.
Stocks:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Mutual Funds:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Insurance:
Disclaimer Disclaimer - Research Disclaimer - Discussion Boards Disclaimer - Chat Disclaimer - Twitter Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
ATTENTION INVESTORS - "Prevent Unauthorized Transactions in your demat / trading account --> Update your Mobile Number/ email Id with your stock broker / Depository Participant. Receive information of your transactions directly from Exchanges on your mobile / email at the end of day and alerts on your registered mobile for all debits and other important transactions in your demat account directly from NSDL/ CDSL on the same day." - Issued in the interest of investors.
"KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary."
www.indiainfoline.com is part of the IIFL Group, a leading financial services player and a diversified NBFC. The site provides comprehensive and real time information on Indian corporates, sectors, financial markets and economy. On the site we feature industry and political leaders, entrepreneurs, and trend setters. The research, personal finance and market tutorial sections are widely followed by students, academia, corporates and investors among others.
Copyright © India Infoline Ltd. All rights Reserved.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. SEBI Regn. No. : INB231097537/ INF231097537/ INE231097537,
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.:INB011097533/ INF011097533/ INE011097533,
MCX Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INB261097530/ INF261097530/ INE261097537,
United Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INE271097532,
5

PM witnesses historic successful insertion of MOM into Martian orbitPM witnesses historic successful insertion of MOM into Martian orbit
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | September 24, 2014 10:43 IST
The Prime Minister said that Indian scientists, through their hard work and dedication, have stretched the boundaries of human enterprise and imagination.
 
 
The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi being briefed before successful Insertion of Mars Orbiter (Mangalyan) into the Mars orbit, at ISRO Headquarters, in Bengaluru on September 24, 2014
The Prime Minister Narendra Modi has congratulated the space scientists for successfully inserting the Mars Orbiter Mission into Martian orbit. The Prime Minister was addressing scientists after witnessing the insertion procedure at ISRO in Bangalore. The Prime Minister said history has been created by the Indian scientists reaching Mars in the first attempt. He said India is the first to have succeeded in the very first attempt.
The Prime Minister said that Indian scientists, through their hard work and dedication, have stretched the boundaries of human enterprise and imagination. He described the Mars Orbiter Mission as an indigenous pan-Indian effort, stretching from Bangalore to Bhubaneswar, and Faridabad to Rajkot.
Praising the scientists, Narendra Modi said, the hunger of exploration and the thrill of discovery are not for the faint hearted. He remarked that he had chosen to be present at ISRO today, unmindful of success or failure of the mission. He exhorted scientists to set even more challenging targets for themselves, and said he had confidence that they would be able to achieve even those targets. You have "made a habit of achieving the impossible," the Prime Minister said. He said Modern India must continue playing its role of Jagadguru Bharat.
Narendra Modi said the success of the space programme is a shining symbol of what we are capable of as a nation. A successful space programme generates applications across multiple domains, he added. He said the efforts of India's space scientists are deepening our governance, strengthening our economy and improving our lives. Noting that the whole nation celebrates when the cricket team wins a tournament, the Prime Minister described the success of the Mars Orbiter Mission as a thousand times greater, and said all Indians must celebrate the success of our space scientists today. Let India celebrate the achievements of its scientists. Let students in every school and college applaud their efforts, he added.
The Governor of Karnataka, Vajubhai Vala, the Chief Minister of Karnataka Siddaramaiah, and Union Ministers Ananth Kumar and Sadanand Gowda were present on the occasion.

Will PM Modis Make In India campaign convert into a Made In India success storywill pm modis make in india campaign convert into a made in india success story
Previous Poll | Will the Supreme Courts verdict on coal blocks cancellation usher in more transparencyprevious poll | will the supreme courts verdict on coal blocks cancellation usher in more transparency
Private Equity Investments in India to Touch $12 Billion in 2014Port Louis, Mauritius: Private equity investment in India is likely to touch a staggering $12 billion in 2014 primarily on account of reform measures taken by the government at the Centre.
In the first half of the year, private equity entities pumped in $6 billion in India.
"India is expected to witness investments worth $12 billion in 2014 by private equity players, double than the amount invested by them last year," Indian Private Equity and Venture Capital Association (IVCA) president Arvind Mathur told PTI.
He told this at the sidelines of a private equity conference here, which was attended by around 200 delegates coming from various countries, including India, China, Japan and various African nations.
Mr Mathur said: "Investor sentiment in India has improved following general election results in May and a series of reform measures taken by the government."
After three decades, a single majority government under Prime Minister Narendra Modi has come to power at the Centre.
Another expert, Ameet Patel Partner at Sudit K Parekh & Co has attributed rise in investor sentiments to "strong corporate friendly government at the Centre, coupled with strong RBI Governor (who created foreign exchange reserves for the country) as well as equally strong securities market regulator Sebi --who have made some pro-active regulations."
"Private equity investors are now looking India as a more investment friendly destination," Mr Mathur said.
Now, private equity industry is expected to contribute to the growth of the country's economy on a larger scale than earlier, Mr Patel said.
Listing out the sectors where private equity investment firms can invest in India, Mr Patel said infrastructure, real estate and manufacturing are projected to see greater private equity activities, especially since the government is putting thrust on them.
Besides, mobile-banking and e-commerce are expected to attract huge investments.
The experts also advocated for Indian private equity players for investing in African nations and using Mauritius as a platform for such activity.
However, another expert Mahendra Swarup, former president at IVCA and now an independent strategic insight provider said, "Private equity players will follow a 'wait and watch' policy as they will wait for execution of the promises made by the government."
Story first published on: September 28, 2014 13:17 (IST)

India Inc Hiring Outlook Promising for Q3  FY 15: SurveyIndian Employees to See 11% Salary Hike in 2015: Report
New Delhi: The next three months are likely to favour job aspirants, with 81 per cent of the Indian employers predicting a robust hiring activity, says a survey.
According to a survey by MyHiringClub.com, the nation's net employment outlook -- an indicator of recruitment intentions -- stands at 44 per cent for October-December period of current fiscal 2014-15, representing favourable opportunities for job seekers.
The outlook has improved by a moderate two percentage points on quarter-over-quarter basis as well as year-on year.
As per the findings, of the 5,700 public and private employers surveyed, a majority (81 per cent) have predicted an increase in headcount for the third quarter of fiscal 2014-15, the report said.
"Job seekers will be going to get more opportunities as our study shows the India's employment markets will experience positive hiring activity compared to Q3, FY'14 and Q2, FY'15," MyHiringClub.com & FlikJobs.com CEO Rajesh Kumar said.
"The good news is that many markets appear to be heading in the right direction," Mr Kumar added.
Sector-wise, seven of the nine industries surveyed have positive hiring prospects, with employment in infrastructure and the retail sector projected to be most promising with improvement of 12 and 8 percentage points respectively, year-on-year.
The strongest hiring prospects are reported in the IT & ITeS sector with a Net Employment Outlook of 47 per cent.
This sector is followed by Banking & Financial Services sector (45 per cent), FMCG/FMCD (41 per cent), Infrastructure sector (40 per cent), Automobile & Manufacturing (39 per cent), Retail (37 per cent).
The weakest sectors were Real Estate (36 per cent), Telecom (36 per cent) and Hospitality (32 per cent).
A region-wise study of employers in all four regions -- North, South, East and West -- predicted a strong employment market for the third quarter of FY'15, with the most optimistic forecast for the Southern parts of the country.
The net employment outlook for the South stood at 29 per cent for the next three months. Outlooks for the North, West and East are 27 per cent, 26 per cent and 18 per cent, respectively.
Story first published on: September 28, 2014 14:32 (IST)

Jayalalithaa gets 4 year jail term in disproportionate assets caseJayalalithaa gets 4 year jail term in disproportionate assets case
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | September 27, 2014 18:22 IST
The case, famously known as Disproportionate Assets Case was filed against Ms Jayalalithaa, and her three close aides including Sasikala Natarajan by Subramanian Swamy
 
 
In a major political development, Tamil Nadu's Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa has been found guilty in a 18 year old case by a Bengaluru Court and has been awarded 4 years jail term.
The case, famously known as Disproportionate Assets Case was filed against Ms Jayalalithaa, and her three close aides including Sasikala Natarajan by Subramanian Swamy, presently in BJP, on 14th June 1996. Jayalalithaa has been convicted under section 120, 109. And 13 (1) E the prevention of Corruption Act which disqualifies her as an MLA immediately, will have to step down as Chief Minister. Rs. 25 crore has also been slapped as a penalty on each of the convicted parties.
The case was pursued by AIADMK's arch rivals DMK while they were in power as Karunanidhi had taken permission from Dr. Swamy to refile the petition to which he had agreed to.
From then to now on, Jayalalithaa had been relieved of several corruption cases barring this 'Albatross around her neck'. After the judgement was pronounced, Amma's supporters resorted to violence as they started pelting stones on the houses of Dr. Swamy as well as Karunanidhi. Many state buses traveling from Bengaluru to Chennai have been cancelled and several offices have declared holidays anticipating violence in the state.
The criminal complaint filed by Dr. Swamy alleged that Ms. Jayalalithaa had used her office during her first term as TN's cheif minister, and with the complicity of her aides, amassed assets which included 2,000 acres of land, 30 kg of gold and 12,000 saris.
Today's verdict is bound to deal a heavy blow to AIADMK's prospects in the state elections, scheduled 2 years from now. In the recent Lok Sabha elections, the party received an overwhelming mandate by winning 37 out of 39 seats. 

Doha Bank Calls Shareholder Meeting to Approve India Assets BuyYou are here: Home Corporates
Doha Bank Calls Shareholder Meeting to Approve India Assets Buy
Reuters | Updated On: September 29, 2014 12:19 (IST)
Dubai: The board of Qatar's Doha Bank has authorised the purchase of the Indian assets of HSBC Bank Oman, and has called a shareholder meeting in November to approve the deal, it said in a statement on Monday.
No value for the transaction was given in the statement to the Qatar Stock Exchange.
HSBC Bank Oman, an affiliate of HSBC Holding, said in April it had approved the sale of its Indian business to Doha Bank. The Omani lender said then it had two branches and gross assets worth Rs 350 crore ($57 million) at the end of 2013.
Shareholders at the meeting will also be asked to approve the bank's issuing of debt instruments of up to $2 billion, with no single deal exceeding $750 million, it said.
Doha Bank, Qatar's fifth-largest lender by assets, has sold one bond before: a $500 million five-year issue in March 2012, which priced at a spread of 262.5 basis points over midswaps.
The offering was trading at a z-spread of 97.3 bps at 0630 GMT.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Investing: Top picks from a global stock maven0
You could call Yockey the cable guy. He sees good value in the industry overall and in Comcast (symbol CMCSA; recent price, $57) in particular. Cable is the most cost-effective way to provide high-speed Internet services, and once built, cable networks generate gobs of cash. Plus, Philadelphia-based Comcast owns NBCUniversal, which provides media content to our numerous devices. The broadcaster's earnings are growing at a double-digit percentage rate.
Marsh & McLennan (MMC; $52) is "best of breed" in the insurance industry, says Yockey. (The New York City-based broker also does corporate consulting.) "These companies have become very efficient," says Yockey, "and insurance premiums are among those things that never go down in price." The result is a cash-generating business that enjoys consistent revenue growth.
Baidu (BIDU; $221) is the Google of China, where the search-engine business is exploding and ad revenues along with it. Analysts expect Baidu's revenues to surge 54 percent this year, with mobile search now accounting for 30 percent of sales. Baidu has already paid off for Yockey, but he's in it for the long haul. "We could own this stock for the next 10 years," he says.
Yockey also likes the long-term prospects for Dutch company ASML Holding (ASML; $97), which makes complex machines costing as much as $100 million that are used to manufacture semiconductors. Most of the world's major chip makers are customers, Yockey says, and the biggest ones help finance ASML's research and development. "They're tied at the hip," Yockey says. "Manufacturers need the latest equipment, and they want their biggest supplier to be successful." The stock slumped recently on news of delayed orders but recovered after the company announced a breakthrough in its lithography technology.
Astute shoppers will recognize a bargain in the shares of the TJX Cos. (TJX; $60), the operator of T.J. Maxx and Marshalls, which fell 16 percent in the first seven months of 2014. The problem is that the Massachusetts-based retailer doesn't have much online clout, says Yockey. "But I think there's always going to be a place for physical retailers selling high-quality brand names at attractive prices," he adds.
(Anne Kates Smith is a senior editor at Kiplinger's Personal Finance magazine. Send your questions and comments to moneypower@kiplinger.com . And for more on this and similar money topics, visit Kiplinger.com .)
(c) 2014 Kiplinger's Personal Finance; Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

Gross missed the big shiftAfter a life of trend spotting, Bill Gross missed the big shift
By Gillian Tett
Now it is governments that are intimidating – or at least wrongfooting – the bond gurus
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1131abe8-4594-11e4-9b71-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Govt cancels SEZs of Hindalco  Essar on unsatisfactory progressGovernment cancels SEZs of Hindalco, Essar, Adani on unsatisfactory progress
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 30, 2014  | 15:38 IST
Photo: Reuters
The government has cancelled approvals of nine special economic zones (SEZs), including that of Hindalco Industries, Essar and Adani as no "satisfactory" progress was made to execute the projects.
The decision was taken in the meeting of the Board of Approval (BoA) headed by Commerce Secretary Rajeev Kher on September 18.
"The Board noted that the progress made by the following developers/co-developers is not satisfactory. The Board, after deliberations, decided to cancel the formal approval/ notification/co-developer status, as the case may be, in 9 cases," Commerce Ministry said.
It said the developers have to refund the duty benefits availed by them.
"The approval is subject to the Development Commissioner furnishing a certificate that the developer has not availed any tax/duty benefits under SEZ Act/Rules or has refunded any such benefits availed by it and subject to the state government furnishing it's no objection certificate to the proposal," it added.
Hindalco Industries had proposed to set up an aluminium product SEZ in Orissa. The formal approval to the developer was granted in July 2007. The developer was granted extension from time to time and the last extension granted expired on December 31, 2013.
Essar Jamnagar SEZ, which had proposed to set up a multi-product zone in Gujarat, got formal approval in August 2006. It was expired in August 2009. The developer did not make any request for further extension of approval.
Similarly, Adani Townships & Real Estate Company had proposed an IT/ITeS zone in Gujarat. The BoA granted formal approval in June 2007, which expired in June 2010.
The developer had reported that they could not proceed with the SEZ project due to adverse demand scenario from IT sector and accordingly they are not interested in perusing the project.
The other developers whose SEZs were cancelled include Chennai Business Park, Integrated Warehousing Kandla Project Development and Gujarat Industrial Development Corporation.
As per SEZ rules, formal approval is valid for a period of three years, by which time at least one unit has to commence production and the zone becomes operational from the date of commencement of such production.
Provision to this rule provides for extension of this formal approval by BoA, for which the developer will submit his application to the concerned DC, who shall, within 15 days, forward it to the Board with his recommendations.

Temple idol cleaned after my visit  says Bihar CMEYE BROWSE
Temple idol cleaned after my visit, says Bihar CM
Bihar Chief Minister Jitan Ram Manjhi said the idol in a temple’s premises in Madhubani district was cleansed after he visited it.
Yahoo India –  Mon 29 Sep, 2014
Print
PATNA: Kicking up yet another row with his remarks, Bihar Chief Minister Jitan Ram Manjhi on Sunday said the idol in a temple’s premises in Madhubani district was cleansed after he visited it.
Speaking at a ceremony organised to commemorate the birth centenary of three-time Dalit chief minister Bhola Paswan Shastri in Patna, Manjhi said he had visited the temple only after people had earnestly asked him to.
“I came to know later that the premises and the Sanctum sanctorum were cleansed after my visit. This shows that the mindset against people of marginalised sections of society still exists,” he added.
Manjhi, who visited the temple while on campaigning in Raj Nagar, said he was informed about the incident by the mines and geology minister Ram Lakhan Ram Raman.
The CM said the ancient ‘Manuwadi’ system, which segregates people on the basis of their work, was still being practiced.
“Our situation is akin to that of a ghayal sipahi,” he remarked.
Calling upon Dalits to remain united, Manjhi said if a proper census of the Mahadalits would show their numbers to make up at least 23 per cent of the population.
“With such numbers who can prevent a member of the community from becoming the next CM?” he questioned.
Manjhi felt he had only 10 months remaining as chief minister and said that while some people told him that he would continue as the CM, they wanted to create differences within the party.
“Does anyone from the Mahadalit community become the chief minister? It is only because of Nitish’s wisdom that I became the chief minister,” he added.
Reiterating his resolve to work for the welfare of his community, the chief minister accused many people of trying to create obstacles in his way.
“Officials advised me against taking steps to fill 59 seats reserved for SC/ST in medical colleges. But I still issued orders,” Manjhi said.
However, Manjhi’s remarks evoked sharp criticism from the opposition. Senior BJP leader Giriraj Singh said Manjhi was trying to divide society on caste lines.
Lok Janshakti Party MP Chirag Paswan said the incident, if it had happened, was unfortunate.
Recommend

Police arrest 140 for religious clashes in VadodaraPolice arrest 140 for religious clashes in Vadodara as Modi tours U.S.
Reuters –  Mon 29 Sep, 2014
View Photo
Motorcycles burn after they were set on fire by a mob during a clash in Vadodara, …
NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Police in Vadodara have arrested 140 people after two men were stabbed during violence between Hindus and Muslims that left more than a dozen injured and was triggered by an image posted on Facebook, officials said on Monday.
The violence in Gujarat coincides with a visit to the United States by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who is set to meet President Barack Obama later on Monday on a trip emphasizing India's economic potential.
For almost a decade, Modi was unwelcome in the United States after Washington revoked his visa in 2005 over accusations of religious intolerance stemming from riots three years earlier in Gujarat, when he was the state's chief minister.
Gujarat's government deployed riot police to control the clashes in Vadodara over the weekend and appealed to religious leaders to intervene to curb them. Mobile telephone Internet and bulk text messaging has been suspended for four days as a precautionary step.
"We arrested 140 people on Sunday evening after two men were stabbed," the city's police commissioner, E. Radhakrishnan, said. "The injured are under medical observation and those who have been arrested are being interrogated."
Trouble was sparked by an image widely distributed on social media website Facebook that some Muslims considered offensive to Islam, said a senior administration official in the city.
India has a dark history of religious violence, especially between the Hindu majority and Muslims, who account for more than 150 million people, making India the world's third most populous Muslim nation.
Modi contested the 2014 general election from Vadodara but gave up the seat in favour of Varanasi, the Hindu holy city in north India, from which he had also contested.
At least 1,000 people, mostly Muslims, died during a month of rioting in Gujarat in 2002. Critics say Modi did not do enough to stop the violence. Courts have found insufficient evidence to back that up.
A U.S. nonprofit filed a civil lawsuit on Thursday, timed to embarrass Modi during his trip to New York and Washington and seeking compensatory and punitive damages for alleged crimes against humanity over the 2002 riots.
Human Rights Watch said last week that Obama should express concerns to Modi about the potential for communal violence and added that it would be best to “avoid excessive praise” of the Indian leader personally.
In an article on the Huffington Post website on Monday, John Sifton, the group’s director for Asia advocacy, said HRW had found “extensive evidence” of government complicity in the Gujarat violence and he added: “Even if one gives Modi generous benefit of the doubt, he still faces serious questions about poor leadership during the events.”
Modi's early training was in a movement that sees Indian culture as being primarily Hindu. Emboldened by his emphatic election victory in May, Hindu hardliners have been agitating across much of India against religious minorities.
The latest violence has marred celebrations of the Navratri festival that involves men and women in prayer, music and dance. It follows a campaign by radical Hindu groups to bar Muslims and other religious minorities from taking part in the traditionally tolerant festivities.
"The idea of banning Muslims from Hindu festivals has upset the minority but we are determined to keep the celebrations open to all," Radhakrishnan said, adding that tension had begun to ebb.
Police in Vadodara this month arrested a Muslim cleric who had labelled Navratri a "festival of demons".
(Reporting by Rupam Jain Nair; Additional reporting by David Brunnstrom in Washington; Editing by Frank Jack Daniel, Clarence Fernandez and Cynthia Osterman)
Recommend

Sachin Tendulkar felicitates Lata Mangeshkars sister at birthday celebrationspicture  others
Sachin Tendulkar felicitates Lata Mangeshkar’s sister at birthday celebrations
Former cricketer Sachin Tendulkar felicitated singer Lata Mangeshkar on her 85th birthday celebrations at Shanmukhanan hall, Mumbai on Sunday (September 28). (Source: Express Photo By Pradip Kochar)
However, Bharat Ratna Lata Mangeshkar was unable to receive the momento in person due to poor health. Her sister Usha Mangeshkar received the honour on her behalf. (Source: Express Photo By Pradip Kochar)
Sachin Tendulkar, who is also a Bharat Ratna, is all smiles as he hands over the memento to Usha Mangeshkar. (Source: Express Photo By Pradip Kochar)
Sachin Tendulkar was joined by his wife Anjali Tendulkar. (Source: Express Photo By Pradip Kochar)
Sachin and Anjali Tendulkar perform aarti on stage. (Source: Express Photo By Pradip Kochar)
Sachin Tendulkar presents a memento on stage. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Sachin bends down to touch the feet of Lata Mangeshkar's brother Hridaynath Mangeshkar as a sign of respect. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Sachin Tendulkar's wife Anjali, who was seen in a traditional attire, pictured seated at the felicitation event. (Source: Express Photo By Pradip Kochar)
Related

BMW launches automated driving project in China with BaiduSep 29, 2014 at 05:17pm IST
BMW launches automated driving project in China with Baidu
5
0
Frankfurt: German luxury carmaker BMW is teaming up with Chinese internet giant Baidu to start highly automated driving trials in Beijing and Shanghai.
BMW research vehicles capable of highly automated driving have already undergone thousands of kilometers of trials on German autobahns. The project will now be expanded to include other large cities in China, BMW said on Monday.
"BMW is embarking on a further research project which will pave the way for highly automated driving in China as well," the Munich-based automaker said in a statement.
BMW research vehicles capable of highly automated driving have already undergone thousands of kilometers of trials on German autobahns.
"China's fast-expanding urban centers present the engineers with challenges such as multi-level highways."
Prototype cars developed in this project will initially be operated on urban highways in Beijing and Shanghai.
BMW needs a partner because cars with semi-autonomous driving functions need high-resolution maps to help measure precisely when they are in danger of hitting a curb, or missing a turn.
Cars currently have insufficient memory to store detailed maps of an entire country, so automakers need to team up with telecoms and internet providers to help autonomous vehicles download detailed maps on the go.
Baidu operates China's largest search engine and is also a provider of map services and cloud services.
9

Picturesque Dharamsala may get Test statusMore
Test status likely for Himachal
The Himachal Pradesh Cricket Association (HPCA) is eager to make its picturesque cricket stadium here a Test venue.
By Indo Asian News Service | IANS –  Sun 28 Sep, 2014 9:00 PM IST
Tweet
0
Dharamsala, Sep 28 (IANS): The Himachal Pradesh Cricket Association (HPCA) is eager to make its picturesque cricket stadium here a Test venue.
The association has already requested its parent body -- the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) -- and put up a proposal in this regard.
Possibly the prettiest  venue in the country. (Reuters)"We have requested the BCCI for granting us a Test status and their response has been positive. There could be a representative from the International Cricket Council (ICC) who could be here to inspect the facility during the India vs West Indies One-Day International (ODI) Oct 14," HPCA president Anurag Thakur said here Sunday.
As per rules, the ICC inspects a venue and prepares a report for the BCCI, which then discusses and decides at its Annual General Meeting (AGM) slated for Nov 20.
"Playing a Test match here will be a different ball game altogether. The bounce, the carry, the swing, among other things -- it will Test the bowlers and the batsmen," said Thakur, who is also BCCI's joint secretary.
Dharamsala will host the fourth ODI, slated for Oct 17, of the five-match series between India and the West Indies. It will be the second international match here. The first ODI was held in January 2013, between India and England. The venue has also hosted some Indian Premier League (IPL) matches.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

Pakistan: Fresh murder  terrorism case against PM Sharif  10 others24
0
Islamabad: A fresh murder and terrorism case was on Monday slapped on Nawaz Sharif and 10 others, including his brother and ministers, over the death of three protestors during anti-government demonstrations last month, the third criminal case filed against the embattled Prime Minister.
Pakistan Tehreek-i-Insaf (PTI) party of cricketer-turned- politician Imran Khan had sought court's intervention for launching of the case after police allegedly refused to register an FIR as already a murder case was instituted on the complaint of cleric Tahir ul Qadri's Pakistan Awami Tehreek (PAT) in connection with the incident.
Police on Monday registered second FIR in the same case following the orders of a district court. Sharif, his brother and Punjab Chief Minister Shahbaz Sharif, Interior Minister Chaudhry Nisar Ali Khan and eight others have been booked on charges of murder, attempt to murder and terrorism. IG Islamabad, Deputy Commissioner Islamabad, IG Railways have also been named in the FIR.
Police on Monday registered second FIR in the same case following the orders of a district court.
#pakistan #nawaz sharif #pti #imran khan
Three persons were killed and over 500 others injured in clashes between police and supporters of Khan and Qadri last month during demonstrations against Sharif. Supporters of Khan and Qadri are agitating since August 14, demanding Sharif's ouster.
The PTI chief wants Sharif's ouster over alleged rigging in last year's general election which his party lost, while Qadri wants to bring a revolution in the country. But Sharif has refused to quit.
Sharif had already been implicated last month in connection with the death of 14 workers of PAT during a clash with police in Lahore in June.
6

27 new billionaires in richest Americans list27 new billionaires in richest Americans list
By Ben Rooney   @ben_rooney September 30, 2014: 9:39 AM ET
The 2014 class of new billionaires.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
They're so rich, they make the 1% look humble.
On average, the people on Forbes' American billionaire list released Monday have a net worth of $5.7 billion, up from $5 billion last year. Their wealth is so staggering that the magazine had to raise its "price of admission" by $25 million to $1.55 billion.
Topping the list are the familiar names of Bill Gates and Warren Buffett. But some of the biggest gains went to people who made their fortunes in Silicon Valley.
Mark Zuckerberg is now $19 billion richer than last year. The 30-year-old CEO of Facebook ( FB , Tech30 )is worth $34 billion.
 
Mark Zuckerberg's long, loud renovation
27 new inductees in Super-Rich List
Among the 27 new billionaires are tech entrepreneurs Jan Koum, who sold his messaging service What's App to Facebook for $19 billion in February, and Travis Kalanick , the CEO of on-demand car service Uber.
Nicholas Woodman, the founder of wearable camera maker GoPro ( GPRO ), saw his wealth triple to $3.9 billion after his company went public in June.
 
GoPro IPO so hot right now
Elizabeth Holmes was one of 47 women on the list. Her company, Theranos, is developing a new blood test technology in Palo Alto. She debuts on the list with $4.5 billion.
Gates, Buffett still richer than richest
Gates is the richest man in the country for the 21st year in a row. He stepped down as Microsoft's ( MSFT , Tech30 ) chairman earlier this year, but his wealth has increased by $9 billion to $81 billion.
Legendary investor Warren Buffett is $8.5 billion richer than he was last year. The chairman of Berkshire Hathaway ( BRKA ) is worth $67 billion.
Larry Ellison will have more free time to spend his billions now that he has relinquished his CEO title at Oracle ( ORCL , Tech30 ). As the third richest man in America, he is worth $50 billion.
 
Say Aloha to Larry Ellison's Hawaiian island
Charles and David Koch, the politically active billionaire brothers, tied for fourth place.
4 from Wal-Mart dynasty are in top 10
Members of the Walton family, heirs to the Wal-Mart ( WMT )fortune, took four of the top 10 spots. Michael Bloomberg, the former New York City mayor and media mogul, is the eighth richest man in America.
The richest 400 people in America had their fortunes increase by a total of $270 billion in 2014 to a record $2.29 trillion in combined wealth, according to Forbes.
It would take 597,000 years to make that kind of money
To put that into perspective, it would take the average worker earning the minimum wage of $7.25 an hour 597,000 years to earn the $9 billion that Gates took home this year.
Much of the increase in fortunes this year was related to the "strength of the U.S. stock market."
Two-thirds are self-made
Forbes also introduced this year a new "self-made score" to distinguish between those who inherited their wealth from those who earned it the old fashioned way.
According to the new ranking, there was a big increase in the number of self-made billionaires. In 2014, more than two-thirds of the people on the list made their own fortunes. By contrast, more than half were born into wealth just 20 years ago.

Airlines lure flyers with cheap new year faresSep 29, 2014, 09.51 PM IST  | Source: IBNLive.com
Airlines lure flyers with cheap new year fares
Budget carrier Spicejet was the first to announce its 'Early New Year' sale whereby passengers can book tickets at Rs.699 (excluding taxes and fees).
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Airlines lure flyers with cheap new year fares
Budget carrier Spicejet was the first to announce its 'Early New Year' sale whereby passengers can book tickets at Rs.699 (excluding taxes and fees).
Post your opinion here
 
To lure more flyers this festive and upcoming New Year travel season domestic airlines Monday launched attractive fare schemes.
Budget carrier  Spicejet was the first to announce its 'Early New Year' sale whereby passengers can book tickets at Rs.699 (excluding taxes and fees).
The airline said that the booking period for the sale is between September 29 to October 1 for travel between January 16 to October 24 2015.
Full service carrier  Jet Airways too announced a competitive prices for travel in the coming New Year. It launched a special economy class fares on sale effective September 29 to Octpber 01, 2014 which is valid for travel between Jan 16 and and Aug 25, 2015.
The discounts on base fare and fuel surcharge for the airline starts from Rs.700.
"The New Year fares offer flexibility in terms of travel validity, where guests may plan their travel anytime for the seven months period," the airline was quoted in a statement.
Sectoral experts said that other airlines are also expected to join in by offering discounted airfares.
SpiceJet stock price
On November 21, 2014, SpiceJet closed at Rs 16.06, up Rs 2.09, or 14.96 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 22.20 and the 52-week low was Rs 11.10.
The latest book value of the company is Rs -16.49 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company was -0.97.
RELATED NEWS

Conditions Becoming Favourable for Rate Cut: Finance SecretaryCommercial Mining of Coal to be Allowed After Auction: Finance Minister
Chennai: A day ahead of the Reserve Bank of India's monetary policy announcement, Finance Secretary Arvind Mayaram suggested on Monday that the economic conditions were becoming favourable for a cut in interest rates.
"Conditions are becoming favourable for a more benign monetary policy going forward in this year," he said at an event of the Madras Chamber of Commerce & Industry in Chennai.
Mr Mayaram argued that the wholesale price-based (WPI) inflation is at the lowest level since October, 2009 and retail inflation, which is based on consumer price index (CPI), is less than 8 per cent, which is the target for this year according to an RBI panel report.
He further said that current account deficit has been brought down substantially and this has also been acknowledged as of the key credit strength by S&P in its recent report.
The RBI, which has kept key interest (repo rate) high at 8 per cent for quite some time now, is scheduled to come out with its fourth bi-monthly credit policy on Tuesday, September 30.
The Finance Secretary also exuded confidence that Indian economy will clock a growth rate in the range of 5.7 to 5.9 per cent during the current fiscal year 2014-15. India's GDP had slumped to sub-fiv per cent growth levels in the previous two financial years.
"An upgrade by S&P in the overall outlook from negative to stable reaffirms the fact that the health of the economy is in a much better condition than it was a year ago," he said.
Noting that in the past, large projects had come to standstill and many others were stressed on "slow decision making and paralysis", Mr Mayaram said infrastructure development is one of the foundations on which the current government wants to accelerate growth and create job opportunities.
"Signs of recovery are visible in the sector, albeit slowly."
Story first published on: September 29, 2014 22:43 (IST)

Talks on wage revision break down; bank unions plan national strikeTalks on wage revision break down; bank unions plan national strike
Our Bureau
Negotiations The UBFU has been demanding a 25 per cent revision in pay slip components.
Improvements on many counts, but IBA not to raise wage offer beyond 11%
Kochi, September 29:  
Following the breakdown of its negotiations with the Indian Banks Association (IBA) for a wage revision agreement, the United Forum of Bank Unions (UFBU) has decided to go on a one-day all-India strike later next month.
Employees will wear black badges on October 10 and country-wide protest demonstrations will be conducted on October 17. A one-day dharna will be held at all State capitals between October 18 and 31. This would be followed by a one-day, country-wide protest strike, date for which is yet to be decided.
The decision to resort to further agitations to press the IBA to agree to a more liberal wage offer was taken by the UFBU leadership after the failure of the September 26 talks. The UBFU has been demanding a 25 per cent revision in pay slip components, but the IBA offered 11 per cent.
Union leaders told BusinessLine that while the IBA negotiators were flexible on certain issues, they were adamant that the wage increase could not go beyond the already offered 11 per cent in monthly salaries. The unions were ready to scale down their demand, but the banks’ management was totally inflexible, they alleged.
Wage agreement
At the negotiations, the IBA wage negotiation team was led by Central Bank of India Chairman and Managing Director Rajeev Rishi. The talks on a five-year wage agreement in the banking sector have been going on for more than a year.
UFBU leaders said that at the latest round of talks, the demand for 100 per cent reimbursement of hospitalisation expenses of the bank staff and their families was raised. The IBA agreed to the unions’ demand that employees will be covered by the Mediclaim scheme, but they had to submit their claims to the banks and that the reimbursement will be made by the banks with the improved benefits of the new insurance scheme. A final medical reimbursement plan will be worked out based on the consensus.
The IBA is willing to consider the demand for 100 per cent DA on pension for pre-November 2002 retirees. The IBA will also consider a reasonable proposition on updating pension. It will look into the demand for a five-day week if UFBU submitted a new set of proposals. On the issue of regulated working hours for officers, the IBA agreed to study the new proposal submitted by the unions.
The IBA’s suggestion of implementing the CTC (cost-to-company) principle was rejected by the unions. The suggestion of limiting the wage talks up to Scale-III officers instead of up to Scale-VII was also rejected.
(This article was published on September 29, 2014)
Related

Alibaba affiliate wins China bank licenceAlibaba affiliate wins approval for bank licence
By Gabriel Wildau in Shanghai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/605c26bc-47d3-11e4-ac9f-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

GMS Holdings to Pick Up 25% Stake in Strides UnitYou are here: Home Corporates
GMS Holdings to Pick Up 25 Per Cent Stake in Strides Unit for $21.9 Million
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 30, 2014 00:39 (IST)
Sebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
New Delhi: Drug firm Strides Arcolab announced on Monday that Jordan-based investment firm GMS Holdings will pick up a 25.1 per cent stake in its biotech arm Stelis Biopharma for $21.90 million (Rs 133.5 at 1 dollar = 61 rupees).
The company has entered into an agreement with GMS Holdings whereby GMS will invest $21.90 million for a 25.1 per cent stake in Stelis Biopharma to fund its greenfield project, Strides Arcolab said in a statement.
The transaction is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2014 and is subject to customary closing conditions, regulatory and corporate approvals, as may be required, it added.
"This partnership will accelerate our emerging market strategy for the biotech business," said Joe Thomas, chief corporate development officer of Strides and head of the biotech division.
As per the agreement, Strides and GMS will invest $61.9 million, taking the total equity investment in Stelis to $78.8 million.
Till date, Strides has invested $16.9 million in Stelis.
"We believe that by joining our efforts on this investment we can create significant value for both our groups," GMS Holdings chairman Ghiath Sukhtian said.
Shares in Strides Arcolab, on Monday, ended at Rs 701.95 apiece on the BSE, up 9.20 per cent from the previous close.
Story first published on: September 29, 2014 23:51 (IST)

Google  Andhra Pradesh ink pact to bridge digital divideE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

China faces biggest political challenge since TiananmenChina’s biggest political challenge since Tiananmen in 1989
By Gideon Rachman
Beijing faces a choice in Hong Kong between repression and climbdown
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e1f7562a-4593-11e4-9b71-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Govt to seek repeal of over 1 000 obsolete laws in winter sessionE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Shasun makes giant stride with Arcolab to Indias top 15E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Apples HQ & its mgmt in India locked in a tussle over launch of iPhone 6  iPhone 6 Plus» MORE FROM VIDEOS
BREAKING NEWS
Apple's India unit wants iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus to be launched on Diwali, Cupertino roots for November
By Writankar Mukherjee , ET Bureau | 30 Sep, 2014, 06.58AM IST
Apple last week announced that it had sold more than 10 million units of the iPhone 6and iPhone 6Plus models in just three days.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
KOLKATA: Apple's headquarters in Cupertino and its management in India are locked in a tussle over the launch of the new iPhone devices in India.
While the parent wants to delay the launch to early November due to unprecedented demand for the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus in the US and the China launch likely next week, the India team and distributors in the country want to make the most of upcoming festive demand by launching it before Diwali, which falls on October 23. More so because it will be leaving the field wide open to top rival Samsung , which will be launching its flagship devices by then.
That there is strong demand in India is borne out by prices in the grey market. On eBay India, the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus are available for between Rs 57,990 and Rs 1.29 lakh, based on the model and internal memory.
No marketing hype yet
In grey markets such as Mumbai's Heera Panna shopping complex and Kolkata's AC Market and Fancy Market, the 16GB variant of the iPhone 6 is the most commonly available model at around Rs 60,000-62,000.
There's a waiting period of seven to 10 days for the iPhone 6 Plus and larger memory variants of the iPhone 6. There is no clarity on what the devices will cost officially in India.
The trade has also informed Apple that it would be difficult to surpass last year's record sales of the iPhone 5s — 2 lakh units in the October-December quarter — if the launch takes place after Diwali. To be sure, things didn't go off smoothly last year --iPhone 5s supplies were patchy, leading to a retail stock shortage, something Apple wants to avoid this year.
According to three senior executives with Apple's trade's partners in India, there is no clarity on the India launch date, which is why the company is still not able to drum up marketing hype around the new handsets through avenues such as pre-bookings.
"The India team wants it to launch before Diwali like always but the unprecedented global demand for the new iPhones is making Cupertino think otherwise, which is why unlike other years there is not much buzz in the trade yet," one of the executives said on condition of anonymity. An email query sent to Apple did not elicit any response as of press time.
Apple last week announced that it had sold more than 10 million units of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models in just three days after the launch on September 19 in 10 markets, setting a new record for the company. It further announced the availability of the new iPhones in 20 additional countries last week and said the devices will be launched in 115 countries by the end of the year.Apple CEO Tim Cook said last week that while the company has managed the manufacturing ramp-up better than ever before with the new iPhones, it could have sold many more if supply was better and is working hard to fill orders as quickly as possible. There is widespread speculation that Apple will debut the new models later this week in China.

Top dollar: U.S. currency is stronger than everThe U.S. dollar is on top of the world
By Jesse Solomon   @JesseSolomonCNN September 29, 2014: 1:53 PM ET
The dollar is feeling pretty mighty these days.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Investors are pledging allegiance to the dollar.
The U.S. Dollar Index, which measures the value of the greenback against a basket of foreign currencies, has climbed to its highest level in over four years.
"The momentum of the dollar's advance is unprecedented," said analysts at Société Générale in a note Monday morning.
The dollar has long been the world's top business currency and viewed as a "safe bet" among investors. But the recent run up is partly because traders believe the American economy is improving, especially relative to other parts of the world. This will compel the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates, which is generally seen as a good thing for a country's currency.
At the same time, things aren't looking too good in Europe, so the European Central Bank is starting to do some stimulating of its own. Those measures have resulted in a weaker Euro. The Japanese Yen has also struggled because of the country's ongoing economic problems.
Related: Ruble's headlong plunge shows Russia hurting
The dollar trend is likely to continue, economists from Capital Economics claim. They expect the dollar "to appreciate further as the monetary policy of the Fed diverges from that of central banks elsewhere."
They predict that one euro will be worth $1.15 by the end of 2016, compared with around $1.27 now. The dollar has already gained more than 8% against the Euro in the past six months.
So what does a stronger dollar mean for the average American? That depends. Here's what to watch for:
Feeling buff: Americans can take comfort in the fact that a strong dollar is a sign of confidence in the U.S. economy. It means foreign investors are figuring that the country is a good place to park some money for the foreseeable future.
Related: Mohamed El-Erian says take some money out of stocks
A vigorous currency also makes it cheaper for companies to import goods from abroad. In other words, consumers stand to benefit from lower prices. That phenomenon could also help keep inflation in check and allow the Fed to hold interest rates down as long as necessary to keep stimulating the economy.
And if you're planning a vacation abroad, be sure to do a little shopping, since a favorable exchange rate should give you a little more bang for your buck. If you're eying those Italian leather shoes, now is a good time to buy them.
The downside: While a robust dollar cheapens imports, it makes American exports and products look more expensive to the rest of the world. That can hurt domestic manufacturing as U.S. firms end up competing for consumers with international rivals who are offering discounted products.
Furthermore, American-based multinationals that sell a large amount of their goods overseas get shafted when they have to exchange revenues earned abroad back into dollars.
 
Airlines in currency war with Venezuela
The takeaway: While the pros and cons of a stronger dollar are very real, it's probably too early to tell the extent to which it will affect consumers and businesses. Investor sentiment can shift quickly, and any data or central bank actions that change the way investors view the global economy can reverberate quickly across the often opaque foreign exchange market.
So unless you trade currencies for a major investment firm or in your online brokerage account, you probably won't notice a huge difference just yet, except when you buy cheaper souvenirs abroad.
First Published: September 29, 2014: 1:53 PM ET
Most Popular

http://usat.ly/1rzJh5hFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Genius? Einstein Bros. shares up 50% on deal
Deal = 50% jump in stock price. Investors in the parent company of Einstein Bros. Bagels are looking smart Monday, with shares soaring to $7 to $20.10 after the company said it would be acquired by investment
Post to Facebook
Genius? Einstein Bros. shares up 50% on deal Deal = 50% jump in stock price. Investors in the parent company of Einstein Bros. Bagels are looking smart Monday, with shares soaring to $7 to $20.10 after the company said it would be acquired by investment Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1sKUwKK
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Genius? Einstein Bros. shares up 50% on deal
Gary Strauss, USA TODAY 4:35 p.m. EDT September 29, 2014
Albert Einstein in a 1955 file photo.
(Photo: ASSOCIATED PRESS)
12 CONNECT 32 TWEET 5 LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
Deal = 50% jump in stock price.
Investors in the parent of Einstein Bros. Bagels are looking smart Monday as shares surged $6.76 to $20.15 after the company agreed to be acquired by German investment group JAB Holding for $20.25 a share.
The $374 million buyout of Einstein Noah Restaurant Group ( BAGL) includes 855 stores in 42 states operating under Einstein Bros. Bagels, Noah's New York Bagels and Manhattan Bagel.
Shares were up sharply last week after the Colorado-based company said it was pursuing strategic alternatives under newly installed CEO Frank Paci.
Under terms of the deal, Paci - who arrived Sept. 7 after serving as CEO of McAlister's Deli since 2010 - will get a "transaction success bonus" worth 50% of his $630,000 annual salary, according to corporate filings.
Among bigger winners: hedge fund manager David Einhorn, whose Greenlight Capital currently holds about  37.5% of outstanding shares. Greenlight had owned a majority stake in the company following a 2003 restructuring.
Einhorn, in a statement, supported the buyout. "JAB is an experienced firm that will lead Einstein Noah Restaurant Group into its next phase of growth," he said.
"There are no losers in this deal - only winners,'' notes Jerry Reisman, a mergers and acquisitions expert at New York law firm Reisman, Peirez, Reisman & Capobianco. "This is a fantastic premium (over last week's stock price). It tells me there's a lot of money in bagels."
JAB, which has controlling stakes in coffee chains Caribou Coffee and Peet's Coffee & Tea as well as coffee marketer D.E. Master Blenders, could parlay expanded menu offerings at both bagel and beverage chains, Reisman says.
Einstein got its start as a coffee shop in 1993. It acquired Manhattan Bagel in 1998 and Einstein and Noah's in 2001. In its latest quarter ended April 1, revenue rose 3.3% to $109.9 million, while net income fell 12.8%.
Follow Strauss on Twitter @gstrauss_
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1sKUwKK
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

BlackBerry hits premium market with Rs 49 990 Passport smartphoneE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Pimco  net of Gross© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/e7680e6c-4596-11e4-9b71-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Employees to get over 10% pay hike in 2015Financial Services
(The pharmaceutical sector…)
MUMBAI: Employees in India will see a 10.8% increase in their paychecks the coming year, according to a study by compensation tracker Towers Watson . Neighbouring countries Pakistan, Bangladesh and Vietnam will see their firms roll out a 11% raise across sectors.
In the '2014-15 Asia-Pacific Salary Budget Planning Report', the 2,900 sets of responses across 300 companies reveal that the Asia Pacific region will see an average of 7% increase in salaries.
However, a looming inflation will be a dampener as the money taken home by the employee will be less than what the increment states. In that case, China tops the list with a real salary increase of 5.2% after allowing for inflation, with Pakistan (4.5%), Bangladesh (4.3%), Vietnam (4.1%) and Sri Lanka (3.8%) trailing. India drops down two places to No. 6 with a corresponding real increase of 3.5%. Japan, with a 0.6% raise, will see the smallest increase.
"We foresee an increased economic growth in Asia Pacific in 2015 in light of a declining unemployment rate and rising GDP in the region. This, in turn, will lead to inflationary pressures that affect real salary increases. Indians will only see an effective salary increase that is one-third of the overall salary increase due to such pressures," says Sambhav Rakyan, data services practice leader, Asia Pacific at Towers Watson.
The report also stated that increments will either be equal or higher than last year in percentage terms. The only exception will be for employees in Taiwan, where the rate of increase will dip from 2.8% to 1.7% after inflation.
Employees in the pharma sector will get the highest increase while those in financial industry in India will get a modest 10% raise, similar to last year. "Compensation in financial institutions has become a major concern for governments and the general public as a consequence of the recent global financial crises," says Rakyan.
Those employed by the IT industry will get a raise of 10.7% compared with 10.5% in same period last year.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Gross former Pimco fund downgraded by MorningstarAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

See no rate change  but tone is important: Richard Jerram08:00 am
The Reserve Bank of India is expected to maintain a status quo on rates in its credit policy today, however the market is keeping an eye on governor Raghuram Rajan’s tone.
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Richard Jerram, Chief Economist at the Bank of Singapore, said that though there is no action expected but the “communication around that no action is going to be important”.
He thinks the RBI has been doing a good job in building up the credibility of the anti-inflation process, adding that one has to look at exchange rates too.
“I think you want to make very careful that you are not committing to be cutting interest at a time when there is quite a lot of currency pressure. So, I would think the markets may even welcome some signs of a continued hawkishness just because of the boost of the credibility of the overall process,” Jerram added.
Below is the transcript of Richard Jerram’s interview with Latha Venkatesh and Reema Tendulkar on CNBC-TV18.
Latha: This is a policy that is largely factored in, no action at all?
A: That is right, no action but obviously the communication around that no action is going to be important. Are they guiding that we should maybe expect some rate cuts in the foreseeable future or they are going to maintain still a very hawkish line, are they waiting till inflation is under control before they give you a real sniff of a policy easing. So, it is more complicated than simply saying no change in the interest rate structure.
Latha: The hawkishness last time on August 5 was obvious, in that the Governor said that there are upside risks to achieving that 6 percent by January 2016 and he will do whatever it takes to keep inflation on the glide path that they have, that was the phrase that scared the markets a bit, If those sentences were repeated will that worry the market at all?
A: I don’t think it will. I think it is partly a question of building up the credibility of the anti-inflation process and he has been doing a good job in recent months. We do have to look to some degree at the exchange rates. The exchange rate has been weakening in last couple of months and that does pose some degree of a threat to the economic financial stability, to the inflation fighting mode and if you look across the other emerging markets, if you look at Turkey, Brazil and South Africa in recent weeks, their exchange rates have been taking a pounding in an expectation of the US interest rate hikes that are coming next year. I think you want to make very careful that you are not committing to be cutting interest at a time when there is quite a lot of currency pressure. So, I would think that the markets may even welcome some signs of a continued hawkishness just because of the boost of the credibility of the overall process.
Reema: Would you expect a statutory liquidity ratio (SLR) or a held-to-maturity (HTM) cut today and if yes what impact would it have?
A: I don't think that is too likely. The market’s focus is going to be on rates. You are tinkering around the edge in terms of the quantitative liquidity ultimately selling the market I don't think is the key decision. I think the real issue as you are saying is, is inflation still on the glide path, is it proceeding according to plan and if it is then we can anticipate rate cuts in the future. However, you got to realise there is still a market out there, there are still people in the market that think the next move from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is going to be a rate increase as a result of -- I presume because of the currency weakness and so I think it is far from a foregone conclusion that the next move is down. So, they need to show the determination to keep inflation on this glide path, the determination to offer some protection to the exchange rate and you don’t want to be tinkering on the edges to undermine that credibility. So, I wouldn’t think you will see anything along those lines today.
Latha: That set of people did exist in August but the manner in which crude has fallen and a whole host of global commodities as well vegetable prices in September eased well if not actually fallen. Do you think now that there is a little more confidence and I am not relating to policy, are you personally a little more confident that, that 8 percent looks achievable? 
A: I think we are. I think the next move in rates is down, inflation does look quite promising but you need to be careful that you don’t put yourself in the same situation as Central Bank of Turkey where they were aggressively raising rates at the start of the year, they were trying to protect the currency. They managed to stabilise the currency but then they started cutting rates prematurely and the whole thing has sold off again inflation is high because the currency is weak. So it is very important to offer a policy consistency and I don’t think you are going to want to be too early in this process in terms of signalling rate cuts.
Latha: You said that markets will celebrate if the governor shows hawkishness because that shows preparation both in terms of his anti-inflation stance as well as protection of the currency. So do you expect that if the same hawkishness were noted, you could see more FII interest in India which is plateaued in the past few days?
A: That is a tough one in terms of the short-term moves. There is obviously a global aversion to putting new money into emerging markets at the moment. In fact, India has been coming out of this relatively well compared to some of the other members of the fragile 5 that we were talking about last year. So you need to recognise that the global environment has changed quite considerably over the past month and India is part of that but relatively speaking it is not proving to be too vulnerable to the pressure that we are seeing on some of those Fragile 5 economies.
RELATED NEWS

India  US proclaim Chalein Saath Saath: Forward Together We GoIndia, US proclaim ‘Chalein Saath Saath: Forward Together We Go’
PTI
Tweet
Washington, Sept 30:  
As Prime Minister Narendra Modi reached the White House for the private dinner hosted by President Barack Obama, India and the US on Monday issued a vision statement “Chalein Saath Saath: Forward Together We Go” that called for a joint endeavour for prosperity and peace.
“As leaders of two great democratic nations with diverse traditions and faiths, we share a vision for a partnership in which the United States and India work together, not just for the benefit of both our nations, but for the benefit of the world,” the White House said in a statement.
The vision statement said that US-India strategic partnership is a joint endeavour for prosperity and peace, and through intense consultations, joint exercises and shared technology, their security cooperation will make the region and world safe and secure.
“Together, we will combat terrorist threats and keep our homelands and citizens safe from attacks, while we respond expeditiously to humanitarian disasters and crises.
“We will prevent the spread of weapons of mass destruction, and remain committed to reducing the salience of nuclear weapons, while promoting universal, verifiable, and non—discriminatory nuclear disarmament,” it said.
Asserting that the US and India will have a transformative relationship as trusted partners in the 21st century, the White House said, “Our partnership will be a model for the rest of the world”.
(This article was published on September 30, 2014)
Related

Modis grand reception NY reflects deep cultural ties: White HouseModi’s grand reception NY reflects deep cultural ties: White House
PTI
Tweet
Washington, Sept 30:  
The “rock-star” treatment given to Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the prestigious Madison Square Garden by some 20,000 Indian-American people is reflective of the “deep cultural ties” between the two countries, the White House said today.
“I think the strong turnout at that event and the enthusiastic reaction highlights the deep cultural ties that exist between the United States and India; that there are so many immigrants from India to the United States that are now interwoven into communities all across the countries,” White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said.
He was responding to questions about the historic turnout of some 20,000 Indian diaspora who had turned up from various parts of the country to attend the reception for Modi at the prestigious MSG in New York City on Sunday.
“I think that just highlights one other way in which the relationship between our two countries is so important,” Earnest said.
On Sunday, Modi joined a long but exclusive list of international singers and film stars among others who have spoken at the iconic Madison Square Garden. Modi was perhaps the first international delegate from a country to speak at this venue, which opened on February 11, 1968.
(This article was published on September 30, 2014)
Related

AP to create Farmers  Welfare CorporationAP to create Farmers' Welfare Corporation
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sept 30:  
The Andhra Pradesh Government has decided to create a Farmers' Empowerment Corporation as an umbrella body to take care of the farm sector issues.
To be set up with an initial corpus of about Rs 7,000 crore, the new corporation's immediate mandate is to take care of the farm loan reshedulement which will enable farmers to access fresh loans.
A decision on the creation of new corporation, which will also be linked to various other state corporations relating to the farm sector, was taken on Monday evening at a meeting the Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu had with the bankers.
The corporation will repay the crop loans taken by farmers from the bankers, issue certificates which can be used in banks and also augment additional resources.
The State Government had provided for Rs 5,000 crore in the recent annual Budget for the agriculture and plans to pool in additional amount of Rs 2,000 crore to take the corpus to Rs 7,000 crore.
A meeting of the State Level Bankers' Committee is being held here today where the State Finance Minister Yanamala Ramakrishnudu will take part to finalise modalities to reschedule loan terms.
According to YS Sujana Choudary, MP and head of a committee looking in resource mobilisation, the State Cabinet slated to meet on October 1 will formalise the creation of new Corporation.
He said the Government is keen that the farmers do not face any hardship in accessing fresh crop loans.
(This article was published on September 30, 2014)
Related

China regulator approves Apple s iPhone 6 for sale in ChinaE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Air India to salaries set to fall as much as 5-10%E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Sensex rangebound ahead of RBI policy review; 15 stocks in focusSensex rangebound ahead of RBI policy review; top 15 stocks in focus
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 30, 2014, 12.01PM IST
Tags:
ABB
MUMBAI: The S&P BSE Sensex broke out of intraday range and was near day's high led by gains in capital goods, banks and auto sectors.
The Reserve Bank of India, on expected lines, has left repo rate unchanged at 8 per cent and reverse repo unchanged at 7 per cent.
At 11:45 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 26,689.59, up 92.48 points or 0.35 per cent. It touched a high of 26,737.36 and a low of 26,547.44 in trade today.
The Nifty was at 7,983.45, up 24.55 points or 0.31 per cent. It touched a high of 7,999.10 and a low of 7,943.75 in trade today.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index was up 0.78 per cent and the S&P BSE Smallcap Index gained 0.69 per cent.
Among the sectoral indices, the S&P BSE Capital goods Index gained 1.24 per cent, the S&P BSE Bankex rose 0.47 per cent and the S&P BSE Auto Index rose 1.09 per cent.
The S&P BSE IT Index declined 0.52 per cent and the S&P BSE Power Index was down 0.05 per cent.
HDFC (up 2.50 per cent), Bajaj Auto (up 1.84 per cent), L&T (up 1.73 per cent), Sun Pharma (up 1.61 per cent) and Maruti (up 1.50 per cent) were among the Sensex gainers.
Infosys (0.95 per cent), Hindalco (0.88 per cent), TCS (0.77 per cent), Axis Bank (0.75 per cent) and Hindustan Unilever (0.62 per cent) were among the top losers.
The market breadth was positive on the BSE with 1438 gainers against 950 losers.
The foreign institutional investors were net buyers worth Rs 150.1 crore and domestic institutional investors were net buyers worth Rs 234.52 crore on Monday as per the provisional data from the National Stock Exchange.
FEATURED ARTICLES

DCB Bank to raise upto Rs 275 cr via QIP; stk upYou are here: Home > Collections > Qip
DCB Bank to raise upto Rs 275 crore via QIP; stock up
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 30, 2014, 09.50AM IST
Tags:
DCB Bank
(The bank has fixed floor…)
MUMBAI: Shares of DCB Bank gained momentum in a lackluster trade after the bank approved qualified Institution placements (QIP) to raise Rs 275 crore.
The bank has fixed floor price of Rs 86.45 per share for the QIP .
The recent rally in the equity markets has prompted companies, which are facing cash crunch, to launch QIPs to raise funds for capex.
At 09:30 a.m.; the stock was at Rs 85.50, up 1.97 per cent, on the BSE. It touched a high of Rs 86.40 and a low of Rs 84.80 in trade today.
FEATURED ARTICLES

China  India armies to discuss troop withdrawal todayChina, India armies to discuss troop withdrawal
Shishir Gupta , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 30, 2014
First Published: 00:50 IST(30/9/2014) | Last Updated: 10:10 IST(30/9/2014)
Comments
The Indian Army and Chinese Peoples’ Liberation Army (PLA) divisional commanders are expected to hold a meeting at Spanggur Gap on Tuesday to confirm the withdrawal of troops from both sides to September 1 positions from Demchok and Chumar along the Line of Actual Control (LAC) in Eastern Ladakh.
Authoritative government sources said troop withdrawal from both sides was discussed at the divisional commanders level meeting in Chushul on September 26 and followed by a meeting between external affairs minister Sushma Swaraj and her Chinese counterpart Wang Yi in New York the next day. The troop withdrawal from both sides began at 6.00 am on September 27, even as Swaraj went on record saying that both sides will vacate any transgression on the LAC by September 30. The withdrawal was completed the same day.
Official sources said that both armies conducted an aerial reconnaissance on September 28 to confirm that PLA troops had vacated transgressions on Point 4991, Point 63, Point 30R and Point 5109 in the Chumar sector and Chinese civilians had gone back from Demchok sector.
“Both sides have confirmed the withdrawal by aerial verifications with the Chinese PLA uprooting their tents and going back to their original positions of September 1. The September 30 meeting is being held to undertake a review post-withdrawal and raise outstanding issues, if any,” said a senior Indian official.
One section of the Indian security establishment attributes the PLA incursions during Chinese President Xi Jinping visit to Delhi as a message that the border is still disputed, while Beijing watchers feel that the latest flare-up was part of the tussle within the middle kingdom. According to them, the Chumar incident was a response to President Xi elevating two PLA generals close to him as vice-chairman of the Central Military Commission and head of the military’s disciplinary commission. On September 21, after returning from India, President Xi ensured that the PLA commanders followed his instructions to the last word without any deviation such as Chumar.

Nifty Hovers Around 7 950 Ahead of RBI Policy AnnouncementYou are here: Home Market
BSE Sensex, Nifty Struggle Ahead of RBI Policy Announcement
NDTV | Updated On: September 30, 2014 10:38 (IST)
Markets to Track Winter Session Action: Experts
The BSE Sensex and Nifty struggled to find traction as investors remained cautious ahead of the Reserve Bank of India policy announcement later in the day. Weak Asian markets also weighed on the sentiment.
The Reserve Bank of India is likely to hold interest rates steady at its policy review meet on September 30. All but three of 46 economists surveyed by Reuters said the central bank would leave its key repo rate unchanged at 8 per cent.
The Sensex was down 12 points at 26,584 while Nifty edged lower to 7,952. Moderate buying was seen in midcap and smallcap stocks, with the BSE indices for these stocks up nearly 0.20 per cent.
Mayuresh Joshi of Angel Broking said that he does not expect any rate action from the RBI today. The RBI chief would look at more cues from the US Federal Reserve and domestic policy action before deciding on rate action.
Market analysts are cautious over the markets in the near term. Independent market analyst Sarvendra Srivastava said that the global set-up look weak and could weigh over the Indian markets. Mayuresh Joshi of Angel Broking said that it looks difficult for the Nifty to cross its previous high of 8200 levels.
Asian markets were in hesitant mood on Tuesday as investors wondered what China's response would be to civil unrest in Hong Kong, while the US dollar was on track to post its biggest monthly gain in well over a year.
The unrest was an added complication for investors amid long-standing concerns about the health of China's economy. An HSBC survey of manufacturing (PMI) for September disappointed slightly by showing a final reading of 50.2, steady on August but down from its preliminary 50.5.
Hong Kong's Hang Seng Index shed another 0.9 per cent to its lowest in three months. MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan lost 0.5 per cent having already fallen sharply on Monday. (With Agency Inputs)
Story first published on: September 30, 2014 10:38 (IST)

Nifty consolidating; focus is on defensives: Motilal Oswal08:00 am
Yogesh Mehta of Motilal Oswal Securities is of the view that fundamentally market is in a consolidation phase. However, today the Nifty is likely to take its cues from the RBI monetary policy.
In case the RBI move is positive then Nifty is likely to move towards 8100 and if negative then Nifty is likely to go to 7800-7820 levels as an extreme case. However, in case there is no surprise move from RBI, then Nifty will be range bound between 7880 and 8000.
He thinks FIIs are currently buying defensives like pharma, IT.
With regards to sectors and stocks, the house is bullish on the pharma space and auto space. From pharma space they like stocks like  Lupin and Sun Pharma , and amongst autos they like  Ashok Leyland and TVS Motor .
However, the house is bearish on metal stocks like  Tata Steel and also not very upbeat on the realty space as of now.
Below is the transcript of Yogesh Mehta’s interview with Latha Venkatesh and Reema Tendulkar on CNBC-TV18.
Latha: How are you dealing with the Nifty itself today?
A: For the strategy, it is an eventful day today but more or less everything has been factored in. If there is no surprise from the Governor then we can see Nifty in range of 7880 to 8000; that is a major range for the day.
If there is any surprise maybe positive or negative then we can see breakout from this level. If at all there is any positive surprise then we can see Nifty moving towards 8100 and with a negative surprise we feel that 7800-7820 would be the extreme case scenario.
Latha: If it is neutral as expected, do you think the cues in this market are bearish? We were just pointing out, the market has been actually buying defensives for the past many days and ignoring its cyclicals -do you think market is fundamentally bearish at this point in time? After the credit policy would you actually go and take some bearish positions?
A: On the fundamental side, market is not bearish at all but this is only a consolidation phase that is on. Major foreign institutional investor (FIIs) buying is on the defensive side because they have already been lapped up into the stocks which were there on aggressive front. However, since last few sessions they have been buying, say one or two months, defensives like pharma and IT companies which are still very strong and not correcting at all.
So, what we feel is that from hereon, moving from defensive to aggressive will not happen right now. We will see the events and again the quarterly season will start post October 10 then we will see some numbers coming out and we will see the reactions that time.
Reema: You have got a buy on both Ashok Leyland as well as TVS Motors this morning?
A: Fundamentally both companies are very sound and up coming.
For TVS Motors the month-on-month numbers are improving and the company balance sheet is also improving now with a good track record of last 10-20 years.
Now, at Rs 228.5 it seems a technical buy and Rs 221 should be a stop loss. If it is a trading opportunity then keep a stop loss of Rs 221. The target is Rs 242 which is a previous high it made last month and this month as well. So, that looks very strong.
For Ashok Leyland too the numbers are improving from hereon. It is almost out from its downward cycle. On technical front 10 and 20 days moving average was a good support for last two sessions. So, we feel that above Rs 42.75 one should buy because that is a previous high it has made in last 10 days. Buy above Rs 42.75 keeping a stop loss of Rs 2 of Rs 40.75 and target would be Rs 47.
Latha: Yesterday some of the banks took a very big beating.  Banks like Union Bank , Bank of India and even non-banking financial company (NBFCs) like  Power Finance Corporation (PFC) took quite a bashing. How would you play any of these, would you have a shorting candidate in any of the bank stocks and how would you play the Bank Nifty itself?
A: For banks we will wait for today’s event because so far it was bearish and especially the PSU banks were in a bearish zone. However, if nothing comes out of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) policy then these banks could be first ones to bounce back. Probably they are at the lows of last three to four months period then one should wait for the opportunity. Rather than going short, one should wait for buying opportunities post RBI policy.
Reema: There was a lot of strength in the pharmaceutical stocks, both largecap as well as midcap stocks of late. Would you recommend any?
A: Fundamentally we are very much bullish for Lupin. Currently, it is quoting at around Rs 1400 and we feel that the upside is still there and the potential is very high. Numbers for this quarter will also be very good. We have already upgraded the EPS. So, the fundamental plus technicals both looks very attractive for Lupin.
Overall on the pharma pack we are already bullish and we can name Sun Pharma, yesterday also stock bounced back 4 percent from the low. We think that Rs 900 could be the target but that is on a fundamental side and not on the technical front. Overall on the pharma space we are quite bullish.
Latha: Any specific strategies on any of the metal stocks, they were the other lot that were almost as bearish as the banks?
A: Metals are still in a bearish zone. It doesn’t seem that they will come out so fast from the negative territory. So, one can look at shorting Tata Steel right now and keeping a stop loss of Rs 10-12 and it will remain in the negative territory at least for short-term.
Reema: We spoke about pharmaceutical, you recommended Lupin but I wanted your thoughts on Sun Pharma?
A: Sun Pharma also we are bullish and Rs 800 is a strong support for the stock. The already stock has doubled from its low. However, from hereon it is still a good buy. We are looking at a price target of Rs 870-880 on the technical front and fundamental also we are bullish and Rs 900 would be the target for Sun Pharma. If one is looking at for a trading strategy then keep a stop loss of Rs 810.
Latha: I wanted your take on any of the real estate stocks that you may be tracking.  DLF has been having some rough days, most of the real estate stocks have not been doing too well but today we have got some fundamentally positive news on HDIL. Promoters have revoked all the pledges on their HDIL shares. HDIL , DLF or any real estate stock, any strategy?
A: At least for realty sector we don’t like any of the companies out of these names and we will not be suggesting these companies to buy at all.
RELATED NEWS

Market opens flat ahead of RBI policySep 30, 2014 at 09:52am IST
Market opens flat ahead of RBI policy
7
0
Mumbai: The market has once again opened on a flat note on Tuesday ahead of RBI's monetary policy. The Sensex is down 6.91 points at 26590.20 and the Nifty down 10.10 points at 7948.80. About 364 shares have advanced, 198 shares declined, and 24 shares are unchanged.
Dr Reddy's Labs, Tata Power, M&M, Tata Motors and Wipro are top gainers in the Sensex. Among the losers are Hindalco, Hero MotoCorp, BHEL, Reliance and SBI. The Indian rupee opened marginally lower at 61.60 per dollar as against previous day's closing of 61.53 a dollar.
The dollar was hovering at a four-year peak against a basket of major currencies on track to post its biggest monthly gain in well over a year. Ashutosh Raina of HDFC Bank said, "The focus will be on RBI credit policy today. Globally, the dollar strength continues to be the theme with dollar index settling above the 85 level. Expect the USD/INR pair to trade in 60-61 range as of now, although it will perform better than its peers."
Dr Reddy's Labs, Tata Power, M&M, Tata Motors and Wipro are top gainers in the Sensex.
#sensex #nifty #market #mumbai
On the global market front, US stocks ended lower following protests in Hong Kong that added to worries about Chinese growth and after a disappointing forecast from Ford Motor Co. Asian markets too were cautious over developments in Hong Kong and as investors focused on data in China and Japan.
Kospi weighed down by data showing August industrial output posted its worst monthly fall since 2008. In commodities, crude hovers around USD 97/bbl on support from strong US economic data last week From precious metals space-- gold holds steady above a nine-month low but poised to post its sharpest monthly loss in 15 months as a rapid climb in the dollar dimmed the metal's appeal.
1

Rupee down 9 paise against US dollar in early tradeSep 30, 2014 at  06:17pm IST
Rupee loses 22 paise to end at 7 month low of 61.75 against dollar
3
1
Mumbai: The rupee on Tuesday lost 22 paise to end at almost seven-month low of 61.75 against the dollar as month-end demand for the US currency from oil importers weighed on the local unit.
Sluggish local equities after the Reserve Bank on Tuesday kept key rates unchanged in its monetary policy and slowdown in foreign fund inflows put some pressure on the rupee, a forex dealer said.
The dollar index was sharply up by 0.60 per cent against a basket of six major global units. It was also up against other Asian units.
The dollar index was sharply up by 0.60 per cent against a basket of six major global units. It was also up against other Asian units.
#rupee #interbank foreign exchange #bse sensex #greenback
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market here, the domestic currency commenced lower at 61.60 from last close of 61.53.
It moved in a range of 61.82 and 61.55 before concluding at 61.75, a fall of 22 paise or 0.36 per cent from its last close. on Monday, it had plunged by 38 paise or 0.62 per cent.
Last time the rupee settled at this level was on March 5 when ended at 61.75.
Meanwhile, the benchmark S&P BSE Sensex on Tuesday closed better by 33.40 points after surrendering early gains. Foreign institutional investors (FIIs) injected US dollar 37.70 million on Monday, as per Sebi data.
Pramit Brahmbhatt, Veracity Group CEO, said, "Today range-bound local equities and the month-end dollar demand from oil importers forced the rupee to depreciate to 61.75. Also the dollar continues to trade high at US dollar 86.06 strongest level since July 2010 versus a basket of major currencies."
In forward market, premium dropped further on consistent receipts by exporters.
The benchmark six-month premium payable in February dipped to 193-195 paise from 203-205 paise previously.
Far-forward contracts maturing in August, 2015 also tumbled to 436-438 paise from 454-456 paise.
The Reserve Bank of India fixed the reference rate for dollar at 61.6135 and for the euro at 78.2060.
The rupee, however, recovered slightly against the pound to 99.91 from overnight close of 99.94 and also rebounded to 77.68 per euro from 78.16. It too edged up to 56.24 per 100 Japanese yen from 56.28.
3

Corporate enthusiastic but concerned about IndiaCorporate enthusiastic but concerned about India
CNN-IBN | Sep 30, 2014 at 08:10am
The US based CEOs after meeting Prime Minister Narendra Modi were enthusiastic about investing in India but the recent by-poll results and BJP-Sena split do concern them for future.
Idol Chat: In conversation with Emraan Hashmi
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

ICRA s Group CFO Vijay Wadhwa resignsSep 30, 2014, 10.26 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
ICRA's Group CFO Vijay Wadhwa resigns
ICRA Ltd has informed BSE that Mr. Vijay Wadhwa, Group CFO & Company Secretary, has resigned from the service of the Company.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
ICRA's Group CFO Vijay Wadhwa resigns
ICRA Ltd has informed BSE that Mr. Vijay Wadhwa, Group CFO & Company Secretary, has resigned from the service of the Company.
Post your opinion here
 
ICRA Ltd has informed BSE that Mr. Vijay Wadhwa, Group CFO & Company Secretary, has resigned from the service of the Company. The Board of Directors and the Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Company at their respective meetings have accepted the resignation of Mr. Vijay Wadhwa and he has been relieved of the services of the Company with effect from the close of working hours on September 29, 2014.The Company is in the process of identifying its Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary and the appointment will be intimated as it is finalised.Source : BSE

JMC Projects: Outcome of AGMSep 30, 2014, 10.25 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
JMC Projects: Outcome of AGM
JMC Projects (India) in the Annual General Meeting of the Company held on September 27, 2014, have passed special resolution for approval and adoption of new set of regulations of Articles of Association of the Company. The Company has submitted to BSE the certified copy of the special resolution in this regard.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
JMC Projects: Outcome of AGM
JMC Projects (India) in the Annual General Meeting of the Company held on September 27, 2014, have passed special resolution for approval and adoption of new set of regulations of Articles of Association of the Company. The Company has submitted to BSE the certified copy of the special resolution in this regard.
Post your opinion here
 
JMC Projects (India) Ltd has informed BSE that the shareholders of the Company, in the Annual General Meeting of the Company held on September 27, 2014, have passed special resolution for approval and adoption of new set of regulations of Articles of Association of the Company. The Company has submitted to BSE the certified copy of the special resolution in this regard.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Had a wonderful meeting with Obama: ModiHad a wonderful meeting with Obama: Modi
No money was paid to revoke pledged shares: HDILNo money was paid to revoke pledged shares: HDIL
Sterlite Tech gains on JV with Japanese firmSterlite Tech gains on JV with Japanese firm
Strides Arcolab surges after pact with GMS HoldingsStrides Arcolab surges after pact with GMS Holdings
Five Indian-origin Entrepreneurs in Forbes List of Richest AmericansFive Indian-origin Entrepreneurs in Forbes List of Richest Americans
Bill Gates is still the richest man in America  says ForbesBill Gates is still the richest man in America  says Forbes
Huawei launches smartphone  tablet in IndiaHuawei launches smartphone  tablet in India
Apple loses $20 bn on iOS 8.1 update failureApple loses $20 bn in market valuation on iOS 8.1 update failure
ANI     Washington   Last Updated: September 26, 2014  | 17:15 IST
(Reuters)
Apple Inc lost a whopping $20 billion as its latest iOS 8.1 update failed to impress users and a flood of angry iPhone 6 owners complained that the software was blocking calls and preventing the fingerprint identification feature.
The iOS 8.1 update was rolled out by Apple on Wednesday and was designed to fix a bug in the Healthkit software which was causing some fitness apps to be pulled from the App Store. However, people who downloaded it found that it caused more problems than it fixed.
Apple pulled back the update a few hours later, and apologised to users 'for the great inconvenience experienced', and guided users on how to downgrade back to the former version.
Despite the apology, shares in Apple took a plunge, wiping more than $20 billion of the company's market capitalisation. Since trading opened in New York on Friday, the share price has dipped by as much as 3.5 per cent.

Calling the shots: What your smartphone may be giving awayXiaomi Inc admitted that its devices were sending users' personal information back to a server in China prompting howls of protest and an investigation.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SINGAPORE: When popular Chinese handset maker Xiaomi Inc admitted that its devices were sending users' personal information back to a server in China, it prompted howls of protest and an investigation by Taiwan's government.
The affair has also drawn attention to just how little we know about what happens between our smartphone and the outside world. In short: it might be in your pocket, but you don't call the shots.
As long as a device is switched on, it could be communicating with at least three different masters: the company that built it, the telephone company it connects to, and the developers of any third party applications you installed on the device - or were pre-installed before you bought it.
All these companies could have programmed the device to send data 'back home' to them over a wireless or cellular network - with or without the user's knowledge or consent. In Xiaomi's case, as soon as a user booted up their device it started sending personal data 'back home'.
This, Xiaomi said, was to allow users to send SMS messages without having to pay operator charges by routing the messages through Xiaomi's servers. To do that, the company said, it needed to know the contents of users' address books.
"What Xiaomi did originally was clearly wrong: they were collecting your address book and sending it to themselves without you ever agreeing to it," said Mikko Hypponen, whose computer security company F-Secure helped uncover the problem. "What's more, it was sent unencrypted."
Xiaomi has said it since fixed the problem by seeking users' permission first, and only sending data over encrypted connections, he noted.
INDUSTRY ISSUE
Xiaomi is by no means alone in grabbing data from your phone as soon as you switch it on
A cellular operator may collect data from you, ostensibly to improve how you set up your phone for the first time, says Bryce Boland, Asia Pacific chief technology officer at FireEye, an internet security firm. Handset makers, he said, may also be collecting information, from your location to how long it takes you to set up the phone.
"It's not that it's specific to any handset maker or telco," said Boland. "It's more of an industry problem, where organisations are taking steps to collect data they can use for a variety of purposes, which may be legitimate but potentially also have some privacy concerns."
Many carriers, for example, include in their terms of service the right to collect personal data about the device, computer and online activities - including what web sites users visit. One case study by Hewlett-Packard and Qosmos, a French internet security company, was able to track individual devices to, for example, identify how many Facebook messages a user sent. The goal: using all this data to pitch users highly personalized advertising.
But some users fear it's not just the carriers collecting such detailed data.
Three years ago, users were alarmed to hear that US carriers pre-installed an app from a company called Carrier IQ that appeared to transmit personal data to the carrier.

PM Modi: Make India s development a mass movementIndian American community
(3D Mantra, skill development,…)
NEW DELHI: 3D Mantra, skill development, talent pool and India's bright economic prospects - these formed Prime Minister Narendra Modi's pitch to the Indian American community at the Madison Square Garden .
"Just like Mahatma Gandhi made freedom struggle a national movement, we have to make development and progress a people's movement. 1.25 billion people should work for the betterment of India," Modi urged. "I am sure that now an atmosphere has been created where every Indian wants go work for the nation," Modi said.
Like you, Mahatma Gandhi was an NRI. I implore you to do something in your capacity for the country," Modi exhorted.
Acknowledging the visa problems faced by PIOs, Modi said, "PIO and OCI schemes will be one in due time. We will offer life time visas. We will also give long term visas for US nationals travelling to India for tourism purposes."
Pitching his 3D mantra to the Indian American community Modi said, "We have democracy, demographic dividend and demand on our side." "These are three things that no nation has, except India. It is these three things that will take India to an assured path of success," Modi said.
India is the youngest nation in the world with 65% of its population below 35 years of age," he said.
"India has the demographic dividend to succeed. There is no reason for gloom. I am sure that India is going progress at a rapid speed, led by the strength and capabilities of its youth," Modi pitched. "A day will come when the world will not have young workforce. We will be able to supply the requisite manpower to all," Modi confidently said.
"The entire world is looking to India because it knows that the people of India will create demand for their products."
Modi cited ISRO's successful MOM as an example of India's talent pool. "An indigenous mission, which succeeded in its first attempt, that too at such less cost is what India's talent can ensure." "Skill development is key to make Indian youth harness their talent, and our government is working to make sure that people are skilled to be job creators," Modi said talking about his dream project.
Modi also spoke extensively of his government's initiatives for the economy and people, including Jan Dhan Yojana and 'Make in India'. "I invite all of you you to come, make in India," Modi said. He also invited suggestions for development on mygov.in website.
Modi said that people keep asking him for a 'grand vision. "I am an ordinary, small person. But I want to do big things for small people. People have exaggerated ideas about what a PM should do. I want to break that misconception," Modi said.
Talking about his government's agenda to clean river Ganga, Modi called the work an economic mission. "So many people of the country are dependent on the water from Ganga. Hence cleaning it is of economic importance as well," Modi explained.
Modi also spoke of 'Swatchh Bharat' mission and 'Housing for All'. "We want to ensure a clean India in line with Gandhiji's vision. By 2022 we want to ensure that everyone in India has a house. This is our dream."
Applauding the Indian American community, Modi said, "Through your actions and values you have earned immense respect in USA. You have a great role in boosting India's image not just in America, but around the world."
India was known as a nation of snakes and snake charmers. had it not been for Indian Americans, young Indians and the IT prowess shown by them, we would always been known as a nation of snake charmers," Modi said.
Talking about NDA's recent election victory, Modi said, "Indians world over have been celebrating the win. I want to take is opportunity to thank you all for coming to India and taking part in the election process."
Modi went on to add, "Winning alone is not enough. We have a huge responsibility on our shoulders and I promise you that we will work our level best to improve the economic conditions of the country." "Even the poorest of poor want change, and I assure that we will never let people down," Modi said.
"I promise you that our government will be 100% successful in meeting people's expectations," Modi reiterated. " I will clear my debt for all the love you have shown me by creating the India you want to see," he added.
Stating that many people call the 21st century as that of Asia, said, " 21st century for some is that of India. It is not without reason that people have such high expectations from India," Modi told the large gathering.
"America is the oldest democracy in the world, while India is the largest. The whole world has come and inhabited America, while Indians have gone and inhabited the entire world," Modi observed.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Madison Square Garden programme overwhelming  says Narendra ModiMadison Square Garden
(The PM said he urged Indian-American…)
NEW YORK: Prime Minister Narendra Modi Monday said that the programme at the Madison Square Garden Sunday was "overwhelming".
"The programme at Madison Square Garden was overwhelming. It was very special to interact with members of the diaspora. A big thank you," the prime minister said in a tweet.
He added that the Indian American community has earned immense respect through their "hardwork, actions and strong values".
"We are very proud of them," he said.
The prime minister said he "urged Indian-American community to support our efforts towards a clean Ganga, which would be a historic transformation for India".
"Series of initiatives announced for the Indian American community will deepen their bond with India and make travel a lot easier," Modi said in another tweet , and also shared a link to his speech.
The prime minister addressed a 20,000 strong Indian diaspora crowd at the Madison Square Garden in New York Sunday, where he promised to deliver on the electoral promises and also exhorted the Indian-American community to join in the development effort for India.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PIO cardholders to get lifelong Indian visaMadison Square Garden
("I will make the India of…)
NEW YORK: Prime Minister Narendra Modi pledged to deliver on his promise of transforming India and meeting people's aspirations through effective governance as he addressed a 20,000-strong crowd at Madison Square Garden in New York on Sunday, sending it repeatedly into rapturous cheers.
"I will make the India of your dreams... together we will serve Mother India," he said. He announced several measures that particularly pleased the audience of non-resident Indians.
Person of Indian Origin (PIO) cardholders will get lifelong visa for travel to India while those on long visits to the country will no longer need to make regular visits to police stations. The PIO and Overseas Citizenship of India (OCI) schemes will be unified and US nationals will get longterm visas. In a few months, US tourists will also be able to get electronic travel authorisations and visas on arrival.
In possibly a veiled reference to the US denying him a visa after the Gujarat riots of 2002, Modi said he empathised with those of Indian origin who faced problems in getting visas for the country.
PIO cards are issued to Indians who have been staying abroad for a few generations while OCI cards are given to individuals who are more recent migrants and have taken citizenships of other countries.
Humble origins
OCI cards are practically visas that enable holders to enter India for an indefinite period while PIO cardholders have to apply for separate visas. The merger of these two cards could make PIO cardholders also eligible for the benefits that are enjoyed by OCI cardholders.
"India will advance at a rapid pace," Modi said in his hour-long address, adding that it has three things that no other country has, referring to the 3D mantra that he cited at the launch of the 'Make in India' initiative in New Delhi on September 25 — democracy, demographic dividend (65% of the population below 35 years) and demand.
He also invoked divine benediction for the government's plans in a carefully choreographed event that saw queues forming outside Madison Square Garden very early in the day, with some people getting in queue at 6 am, three hours before the gates opened for the noon event. Many were dressed in saffron, some even in miniskirts in BJP's colours.
Modi spoke of his humble origins and his aspirations for the country. "I got here selling tea... I am a very small man, a common man. I am small, so my heart lies in working for the common man," he said. "But I want to do big things for the little people." Modi paid tribute to Mahatma Gandhi and said the country was ready for a mass movement to make development possible, likening it to the Independence struggle.
India will not only lead the 21st century, it will also supply the world with workers such as nurses and teachers because populations elsewhere would have aged, he said.
He repeatedly referenced the Father of the Nation, saying what was dearest to Gandhi's heart were India's Independence and cleanliness. "Gandhi got us freedom. Isn't it our duty to rid Mother India of the dirt?" he said, calling for this to be achieved by 2019, the Mahatma's 150th birth anniversary. He also spoke about the Clean Ganga drive and the government's programme to build toilets.
  The prime minister also said he has a dream that by 2022, when India is 75, "no family should be homeless". Modi hailed India's scientific prowess — saying its IT engineers had transformed the country's image from that of a nation of snake charmers to one that made the world dance through the power of the mouse.
The prime minister peppered his speech with witticisms while making various points. To get to Mars, a distance of 650 million km, India spent just Rs 7 a km, which meant the budget for placing a satellite successfully in orbit around the red planet was less than that of the average Hollywood movie.
Apart from his government's skill development initiative, Modi also spoke about the importance of his financial inclusion programme — the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana. By signing up 4 crore families in two weeks, it's been proven that the government works, he said.
He said the 'Make in India' programme to boost manufacturing could even be accessed through a mobile phone app. Modi also said anyone could connect with him to make suggestions on MyGov.in.
While rivals were boasting about making new rules during the election campaign that brought him to power, Modi said he had embarked on a programme to get rid of outdated laws. He would be happy to scrap one such law a day, he said.
The queue to enter Madison Square Garden wound around the entire arena from 31st to 33rd street from the morning itself, with chants of "Modi, Modi" and "Bharat Mata Ki Jai" from the crowd, leaving New York Police Department officers bemused and saying they'd never seen anything like this before.
Those who couldn't get into Madison Square Garden thronged Times Square, where the event, organised by the United States India Political Action Committee, was shown live.
The buildup to the speech included acclaimed violinist L Subramaniam and wife Kavita Krishnamurthy performing as an artist painted a portrait of Modi live on stage, starting upside down and then flipping it rightside up as he applied the finishing touches. The event was hosted by Miss America 2014 Nina Davuluri and PBS Newshour Weekend anchor Hari Srinivasan.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Will deliver on promises  build India of your dreams: PM Modi to Indians abroadabroad
(Modi praised the Indian…)
NEW YORK: Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi connected with thousands of cheering Indian diaspora at Madison Square Garden Sunday, promising them he would deliver on the electoral promise of a resurgent India and urged them to join in the mass movement to work for their country of origin.
Addressing a 20,000-strong crowd at the venue - that has seen former US presidents and rock stars take to the stage but never an Indian politician - and also thousands watching the event live outside on giant screens, and millions back home and around the world on TV and internet, Modi announced relief measures for the diaspora, including lifelong visas for Persons of Indian Origin cardholders and the merger of he PIO and Overseas Citizenship of India (OCI) schemes with a new scheme to be announced soon.
Speaking in his chatty style in Hindi for almost an hour, and attired in cream kurta-pyjama and a light orange jacket, Modi praised the Indian diaspora for its contribution to IT, saying India was no longer considered a land of snake charmers but of software wizards.
"Our forefathers maybe would play with snakes, but we play with the mouse (computer mouse)," he said, to wild cheers.
Referring to the elections that swept him to power in May, Modi thanked the diaspora for their support and said he has not taken even a 15-minute vacation since becoming prime minister.
"Winning elections is not for sitting on a seat, it is a responsibility. And I have not taken even a 15-minute vacation since becoming PM," he said.
As the crowd chanted "Modi, Modi" throughout his speech, the prime minister said his government will not leave any stone unturned to fulfil the expectations of the people.
He said India is at an opportune cusp of circumstances, blessed with a vibrant democracy, with 65 percent of its people under the age of 35, and a market of 1.25 billion people and will scale new heights in the near future.
"These three things are present in one country, this is not there anywhere in the world. And on the basis of this India will cross new heights - it is my belief," said Modi as the crowd chanted, clapped and cheered every time the prime minister made a good point.
Referring to the ageing people across the world, Modi said that India is blessed with the youngest population and the largest workforce in the world.
"India can supply the workforce to the world," he said, suggesting that India should export its trained teachers and nurses across the world.
He also proposed that the diaspora should join in the efforts to rebuild the country, a "vikas jan andolan" or a mass movement for development - in helping in any way they could.
He referred to the skill development that his government has launched for the youth. He said his government has created a skill development ministry and would invite other countries to join in the effort.
He also referred to the Make in India campaign the government launched ahead of his US visit to invite investments and to manufacture in India as also the sanitation campaign to make a Clean India, a movement which he said would gladden the hearts of Indian abroad who often get turned away by India's pervasive squalor.
After two days in New York, Modi travels to Washington Monday for summit talks with President Barack Obama, his top cabinet colleagues and congressional leaders to renew and revive a bilateral dialogue and strategic partnership that seemed to have run into uncertain weather in recent times.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Prime Minister Narendra Modi woos Indian-Americans with slew of visa sopsHe also announced visa on arrival facility for the American citizens and electronic arrival authorisation for them.
ET SPECIAL:
NEW YORK: The next Parvasi diwas will be held in Ahmedabad in January 8-9 next year, Prime Minister Narendra Modi said here today and announced various steps for the benefit of Non-Resident Indians including life-long visa for PIO holders.
He also announced visa on arrival facility for the American citizens and electronic arrival authorisation for them.
Person of Indian Origin and Overseas Indian citizen category to be merged to create a single category to remove the discrepancies and to help those whose spouses are of different nationality. There will not be any police reporting for those staying for long durations.
Outsourcing services will be provided to give faster and hassle free service to NRI, he said, adding he may have been living miles apart but he can understand their problems.
The Pravasi Diwas will coincide with the 100 years of coming back of Mahatma Gandhi next year, he said.

Rajdeep Sardesai heckled at Modi venue in New YorkNew York, September 29, 2014
Updated: September 29, 2014 12:58 IST
Rajdeep Sardesai heckled at Modi venue in New York
IANS
Senior televison journalist Rajdeep Sardesai was heckled and roughed up, allegedly by a band of supporters of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, outside the Madison Square Garden venue. (file photo)
TOPICS
television personalities
Sardesai was roughed up and pushed by supporters of Prime Minister Narendra Modi after he got a group of anti-Modi people to air their views at Madison Square Garden.
Senior journalist Rajdeep Sardesai of Headlines Today news channel was heckled and roughed up, allegedly by a band of supporters of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, outside the Madison Square Garden venue after he got a group of anti-Modi people to air their views just ahead of the Prime Minister’s much—awaited speech to thousands of the Indian diaspora.
After the live interaction with the anti—Modi group who were outnumbered by supporters of Modi, Sardesai was heckled by Modi supporters and roughed up and pushed.
A video of the heckling was posted online as were tweets of the event.

PM s failure to deliver to be biggest risk: Jim O NeillFIIS
(The new PM has done a pretty…)
Standard & Poor's upgrade of India's credit outlook is good news but not dramatic, said Jim O'Neill, a noted economist and former chairman of Goldman Sachs Asset Management.
In an interview with ET, O'Neill, who coined the acronym BRIC in 2001 to describe Brazil, Russia, India and China, said India is relatively in the early stages of getting re-rated but it all depends on Narendra Modi to deliver to match the increased optimism of foreign investors. Edited excerpts:
Will S&P's India outlook upgrade change investors' outlook towards Indian stocks?
One has to see whether the rating agency's action is following the market, leading the market, or coinciding with the market. Indian markets in particular have performed very well in the last four months since Modi was elected as the prime minister. Obviously, the markets have already become optimistic about India. I don't think the S&P outlook upgrade is dramatic news, but it's definitely good news.
How severe would be the impact of possible interest rate hike in the US on emerging markets including India?
The US monetary policy is crucial for global markets. Investors are starting to worry about the interest rate hike by the US Federal Reserve.
The event will be negative for global markets — whether it's developing markets or developed markets — and India cannot do anything about it.
Hence, India should concentrate on the macros over which it has control, and not get worried about what is happening in the US or elsewhere.
Having said that India this time is better prepared than 18 months ago, when the tapering of QE programme was announced.
FII flows into India have slowed down in the past two months and have turned negative in the past few trading sessions. Should markets be worried about it?
Investors are getting a bit worried about the monetary tightening by the US Federal Reserve. People are anticipating more volatile markets, going ahead, and here India cannot do anything about it.
Indian markets have seen severe bouts of volatility in recent trading sessions. Do you think the bull market is showing signs of fatigue and will consolidate, going forward?
Markets never move in a straight line and that's the reality. The Sensex is up about 26% year to date and things don't move in the same direction every week. Though more volatility in Indian markets will surprise me, people should not be thinking that this is the end of the Indian market rally. India is relatively in the early stages of getting re-rated, but it all depends on Modi to deliver on increased optimism of foreign investors.
Do you think valuation of the Indian market, which is relatively high compared to many emerging markets, is a cause for concern?
I am not really concerned about valuations. It's quite possible that Indian analysts may not be upgrading before the earnings. As I have said if the broad virtuous cycle continues, where the rating agencies get more happy, the business people get more happy, and Modi takes further economic reforms, then the GDP in the second half of this decade will easily be around 7.5% or more. And if this happens, then the consensus earnings forecast will get revised upwards.
Has the government delivered in line with the expectations of foreign investors?
I think Modi has done a pretty good job so far, based on the intentions of the government. I would like to see the execution of minimum government and maximum governance. I would like to see the reduction in dominance of bureaucracy. I would like to say here for all the things which the government has started, without better governance nothing can be achieved.
Though there are many things which need to be adjusted as people are more optimistic about the new government. There is a need to make strong macroeconomic policy framework, a lot of work has to been done to bring energy efficiency, environmental efficiency. Many restrictions on FDI have to be removed.
Brent crude oil along with other major commodity prices have eased considerably. To what extent will it help in tackling macro challenges?
The easing commodity prices in one way offset to some degree the US Fed's monetary tightening policy. The easing commodity prices also help in bringing down inflation and this makes easier for India to tackle some of its marco challenges.
Do you think the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will reduce interest rates in the near future as easing commodity prices have given respite?
It depends on the virtuous cycle. If the commodity prices continue to soften, going forward, then it will be extremely helpful in reducing Indian inflation. It's important that India's central bank gets greater independence and makes sure that low inflation becomes part of India's culture. I don't think there is a need to rush for lowering interest rates. If the virtuous cycle continues than India would definitely benefit from lower interest rates.
Which are the major risks associated with the Indian markets which investors should be aware of?
Among the major risks to Indian markets, the biggest would be if Modi fails to deliver what he has promised, and second is the possible interest rate hike in the US which is going to impact everybody including India. Apart from these, I don't see any major risks to India.
FEATURED ARTICLES

View: Hi-tech and manufacturing must bring India and America closerYou are here: Home > Collections > Software
PM Modi's US visit: Hi-tech and manufacturing must bring India and America closer
Sep 29, 2014, 01.55AM IST
(They are fuelling the innovation…)
By Vinod Dham
The United States leads the world in innovating new technologies at ever-faster rates.
Silicon Valley in California is the epicentre of this high technology and a very significant engineering workforce in the Valley is the Indian engineer with graduate and post-graduate degrees in computer science and electronics engineering. They are fuelling the innovation by working in the Valley's largest and most influential American enterprises, some in very senior management roles. They are also cofounding a large number of startups in the Valley. By some estimates, Indians are less than 1% of the US population, but have founded about 15% of Silicon Valley startups.
Big financial institutions on Wall Street and scores of high technology companies are also benefiting from gaining access to India's hitech talent by offshoring their work due to shortage of software and programming skills here in the US. Marc Andreessen, the inventor of the web browser that enabled internet, wrote in the article Why Software Is Eating the World, about the growing importance of software to businesses of all types: from movies to agriculture and from national defence to manufacturing.
By some estimates, the US is projected to have a shortage of 1.5 million software engineers over the next decade. India's massive pool of software and computer science talent will be essential for America to continue fuel its lead in innovation.
Here in Silicon Valley, a very large number of Indian engineers are working side by side with American engineers. The two are bound together with their common bond of creativity resulting from their free-thinking and democratic spirit. This affinity, helped by a common language for business transaction, can enable opportunities for working together in education, cyber security, energy and the environment.
Open Society And Its Contents
India, unlike China, has welcomed US hi-tech companies to flourish in its backyard. Google, Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn, among others, have a very strong presence and are widely used by Indian consumers. India's demand for electronic products is forecast to rise nearly 10 times in the next decade to reach $400 billion by 2020.
McKinsey claims that India's manufacturers have a golden chance to emerge from the shadows of the country's services sector and seize more of the global market.
Manufacturing in the 21st century will be integrated with the software as products become more personalised.
In the future, all devices will be connected to the internet. New devices ranging from smart thermostats, washers and dryers, switches, power outlets, bulbs, televisions, home automation to wearable heart monitors and automobiles with built-in sensors will need to be rebuilt for the intelligent world. According to the American information technology research and advisory firm Gartner, there will be nearly 26 billion devices on the Internet of Things by 2020. India, with its prowess in software, is uniquely positioned to be the manufacturing hub of intelligent devices needed for the 21st century.
McKinsey estimates that India's manufacturing sector could grow six fold by 2025, to $1 trillion, while creating up to 90 million domestic jobs.
India is a consumer-driven market, with consumer spending in the country projected to more than double by 2025. India has the potential to become the world's largest middle-class consumer market with an aggregated consumer spend of nearly $13 trillion by 2030, as per the Deloitte report, India Matters: Winning in Growth Markets. The US can benefit from India's growing consumer needs, but free access to India's large markets should be reciprocated by providing technology, know-how and capital to develop domestic intelligent manufacturing, deploying tens of millions of India's lowskilled youth in addition to millions of high-end software engineers.
Making Things Up
Modi has made bringing manufacturing to India a high priority for his government. With his 'Make in India' campaign, he has pulled out all stops to make the process of setting up manufacturing user-friendly.
Special cells have been set up to speed up the process and guide foreign investors on all aspects of regulatory and policy issues in obtaining clearances. The US can be a great partner in helping India achieve its manufacturing goal and help build its crumbling infrastructure, creating a win-win situation for both.
Prime Minister Modi is turning out to be India's most businessfriendly prime minister ever. He knows that India's sustained economic success as a rapidly growing powerful democracy is essential for winning Washington's interest as a long-term partner. India needs to act like a global player and follow the rules of global trade liberalisation.

Political strains in Maharashtra  Tamil Nadu can hurt investmentSeptember 29, 2014, 5:35 am IST Abheek Barman in Folk Theorem | India , Times View | ET
2
 
 
In less than a week, the politics of two of India’s largest states have been turned on their heads.
In Maharashtra, which has 48 Lok Sabha seats, and will go to polls in 288 assembly seats to elect a state government next month, two old alliances have crumbled.
The Shiv Sena has parted with the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), an ally of nearly 25 years. As soon as that happened, the alliance between the Congress and Sharad Pawar’s Nationalist Congress Party (NCP), which had ruled the state for 15 years, was also dissolved.
Now, voters in Maharashtra will see a four-cornered contest with Raj Thackeray’s Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) as a fifth spoiler.
With all alliances over, it is impossible to predict how this contest will pan out: Pawar is hoping to claw out a few seats from the ruins of his alliance with the Congress, which dominated Maharashtra politics for 15 years —both parties have strong organisations and lobbies to feed in the state.
Logical Conclusions
Yet, none was comfortable with the alliance any longer: after 15 years in power, the last few with a largely ineffective Congress chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, anti-incumbency is a strong sentiment. The Congress has no option but to go it alone.
The Sena-BJP story is more intriguing: after the death of Balasaheb Thackeray, founder of the Sena, in November 2012 and Pramod Mahajan, one of the main players of the BJP in Maharashtra in May 2006, there has been no real channel of communication between the partners.
The Sena under Balasaheb’s son Uddhav, wants to reinvent itself, but it smarts at what it perceives to be the arrogance of a new BJP led by Narendra Modi and his party president appointee Amit Shah.
Grace Period for Amma
The Sena-BJP rivalry is now a simple clash of egos and clashing personalities, unlike the clinical NCP-Congress severance.
If Maharashtra has become totally unpredictable, what’s happening down south in Tamil Nadu, where chief minister Jayalalithaa has been jailed for four years, debarred from contesting for 10 years and fined a huge amount of money in a case for graft? Three associates have also been prosecuted.
What are we to make of this? Jayalalithaa’s party, the AIADMK, enjoys a brute majority in the House. Schemes providing water, rice, salt and so on for free are dubbed ‘Amma’, or Mother, but everyone knows who the Amma is. Jayalalithaa might be convicted, but who will run the state in her absence?
Unlike Maharashtra where polls are due in less than a month, Amma has two years to recuperate before elections — a long time in politics. The funny thing that links both the tales of political uproar is that they’re both linked to the states that are India’s manufacturing hubs.
Over the years, we’ve seen the share of manufacturing go down in our economy. Many economists believe that this is inevitable, a sign of India developing into an economy that specialises in jobs in services.
That conclusion, unfortunately, is not clear, either from the numbers or from economic history.
The great movements from poverty to prosperity for most of the world were made in the late 19th and early 20th centuries, a time where manufacturing employed the bulk of workers and, despite Fordism, the assembly line innovation, managed to create vast middle classes across Europe, America, Japan and the near east.
Savers the Only Investors And there is enough evidence to prove that the growth of a salaried working class, consumption, savings and growth were all fuelled by domestic savings, not investments by foreigners. After all, in India, FDI is around 2% of GDP now; domestic savings are more than 30%. Where is the argument?
Between Chakan in Maharashtra, a manufacturing hub for vehicles, and Tiruppur in Tamil Nadu, famous for making textiles, millions of people are at risk. They can lose incomes, their children can lose education and their futures might be imperilled.
Political instability has to be contained, otherwise incomes and jobs will be imperilled.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi spoke about jobs — Make in India — just before he left for the US. His speech, supported by advertisements in all media, that figured a lion, presumably from the Gir forest in Gujarat, decorated with gears and springs to depict manufacturing, was supposed to run up the adrenalin of businessmen, entrepreneurs and investors to pour funds into manufacturing.
But is that happening?
The first thing investors look for is political stability. With Maharashtra and Tamil Nadu in uproar — and no stable government in sight — what are people supposed to believe? What is the next big story for investors in India? And where will we invest?
DISCLAIMER : Views expressed above are the author's own.
Characters Remaining: 3000

American beheading suspect s mother apologizes in videoThis March 21, 2011 photo provided by the Oklahoma Department of Corrections shows Alton Nolen. (Source: AP)
Agence-France Presse | Washington | Posted: September 29, 2014 5:55 pm | Updated: September 29, 2014 6:00 pm
The mother of an American worker suspected of beheading one of several colleagues he had tried to convert to Islam has broken her silence, apologized in a video posted online.
Alton Nolen, 30, is due to be charged today with first-degree murder, as well as assault and battery with a deadly weapon. He may also face federal charges.
It was after being fired from his job at the Vaughan Foods in an Oklahoma City suburb that Nolen went on a frenzied knife rampage Thursday, severing the head of a colleague and wounding another before being shot by his former boss.
“My heart is just so heavy right now,” his mother Joyce Nolen said in the video posted Saturday on Facebook. “That’s not my son.”
The incident came in the wake of a series of beheadings of Western captives by militant fighters in the Middle East and Algeria, but US officials have not confirmed any link to the Oklahoma case. Nolen had recently converted to Islam.
“His family, our hearts bleed right now because what they saying Alton has done,” Nolen’s mother said in the short video statement, sitting next to her daughter Megan.
“I want to apologize to both families — because this is not Alton.”
She said she was hoping that justice will prevail and “the whole story will come out.”
In a separate Facebook entry, Megan Nolen said her brother “has been a great influence to me and has always been a loving and caring person.”
“He has never been a violent person and has never done any physical harm to anyone. Only God knows why what happened took place,” she added.
“I am praying for the families as well as for my brother.”
On Facebook, Nolen went by the moniker Jah’Keem Yisrael. He posted photographs of the World Trade Center towers going up in smoke during the September 11, 2001 attacks and of graves.
“SHALOM ALHAKEIUM O YE MUSLIMS AND NON-MUSLIMS ON THE DAY OF JUDGMENT THE ONES WHO DIED IN FAITH (SERVANTS OF ALLAH SWT)
WILL RISE FROM THE DEAD TO BE JUDGED WITH EVERYBODY ON EARTH WHOS STILL LIVING…THE ONES WHO DIED IN SIN WILL REMAIN IN THEIR GRAVES CAUSE THEIR ALREADY IN HELL!!!” he wrote on September 17 in a posting that got five “likes”.
In another post in May disparaging Americans who eat pork, women who don’t cover their hair and gays getting married, he warned that “SHARIA LAW IS COMING!!!!!!”
His account shows he has 1,470 “friends,” many of them women wearing the Muslim veil.

The end of the world as we know itEYE BROWSE
The End of the World As We Know It
A popular new book spans the whole of human history to explain how we came to be what we are today and questions many of our assumptions about ourselves. Our writer speaks to the author and poses an intruiging thought experiment: what if this book is so successful that a significant number of people begin to follow its logic and question their belief in accepted stories? And does it matter, since humankind as we know it is not destined to survive?
By Srinath Perur | Grist Media –  Mon 29 Sep, 2014
Print
Yuval Noah Harari. Photo credit Richard Stanton
“Humankind will not exist. This is obvious,” says Yuval Noah Harari, attached to the Department of History at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, when asked by email what our species will be like in a thousand years. “The more interesting and difficult question is whether humankind will exist 100 or 200 years from now.”
Harari is the author of the just-released-in-English Sapiens , a 400-page feat of synthesis that attempts to answer, in essence, how we came to be the way we are. Why, given that there were a half-dozen species of humans 1,00,000 years ago, does only one exist today? Why have men dominated women in most societies throughout history? Why do we live in nation-states? How did capitalism become universal? And, inevitably, where do we go from here?
Answers to 'how' and 'why' can be prodded endlessly with the same questions. These questions do not have right answers as much as they do satisfying ones. And Harari's answers are well-argued, compelling and provocative, drawing from diverse areas of human knowledge – among them biology, archaeology, anthropology, literature, economics, philosophy and, of course, history.
Harari attributes most human achievement – the pyramids, space missions, cities, civilizations – to our ability to cooperate on a large scale and in flexible ways. “If you put me and a chimpanzee together on a lone island and we had to struggle for survival, I would place my bets on the chimp,” he says. “However, if you place 1,000 humans and 1,000 chimps on a lone island, the humans will easily win, because 1,000 chimps can never cooperate effectively.” Other animals – bees and ants for instance – have been known to cooperate in large numbers, but only over a range of narrow tasks.
What is so special about us that allows for such cooperation? Unflatteringly, it is our talent for deluding ourselves. “If you examine any large-scale human cooperation, you will always find some imaginary story at its base,” says Harari. “As long as many people believe in the same stories about gods, nations, money or human rights – they follow the same laws and rules.” To Harari, Hamurabi's Code (1776 BCE) is as imaginary as the American Declaration of Independence (1776 CE). Liberal individualism is no more 'right' in any absolute sense than is Nazism. They are both similar in that they are variants of humanism, one upholding the well-being of every individual and the other that of a well-defined collective. According to Harari, humans owe their power in large measure to the stories we create. And then we take the stories too seriously and end up serving these imagined orders.
All this is in service of Harari's preoccupation: the relation between power and happiness through history. Harari has no doubt that the power humans wield over the world has increased many fold through history: for tens of thousands of years humans have dominated every corner of the planet they have reached, bending nature to their will, hunting large animals until they are extinct; the splendors of civilization, such as they are, are all around us. But: “Humans are not very good at utilizing power to overcome suffering and to increase happiness.”
Harari's argument is that the factors that allow our species to dominate may not be in the best interest of individual human beings. For instance, a key event in the history of humankind is the Agricultural Revolution around 12,000 years ago. Small bands of foragers began to cultivate crops. They settled down to peasant life, and formed villages, towns, cities, kingdoms. Civilization in the form we know it today followed from this and is usually seen as a great leap forward. But Harari calls the advent of agriculture “history's biggest fraud”. He brings up evidence to show that hunter-gatherers worked less than peasants, had better nutrition from a larger variety of food sources, lived in better hygiene and were less vulnerable to epidemics. Further, anthropological evidence shows that forager bands were likely more egalitarian. “Agriculture opened the way for social stratification, exploitation and, possibly, patriarchy,” says Harari. “The bottom line is that even though the Indus Valley Civilization or the Mughal Empire were far more powerful than the ancient hunter-gatherer bands, the average peasant woman in Mughal India probably had a harder and less satisfying life than her ancient ancestor who lived in the Ganges Valley 20,000 years previously.”
This sort of startling, sometimes showy, inversion of commonly held ideas about human history is a recurring feature of Sapiens. “Wheat domesticated humans,” not the other way round. In evolutionary terms domesticated animals such and cattle and chickens were enormously successful by virtue of their populations, but they were among “the most miserable animals that ever lived”. There is talk of the working life of a ploughing ox suiting “neither its body nor its social and emotional needs,” and a similar comment on the farmer driving it. There is much detached, defamiliarized viewing of our world: a comment on the power of stories compares the survival of the chimpanzee alpha male with that of the Catholic alpha male who resides in the Vatican; at different points in the book Christianity, democracy, capitalism, money, human rights and any number of cherished ideas and institutions are called out as being fictions; discussing gender, Harari points out that it is only in most cases that men are males and women females.
The Hebrew version of Sapiens has been a bestseller in Israel since its release in 2011. There's little doubt that the book is set to be hugely popular in English and other languages, and, at least for that reason, influential. Given this, it would be in the spirit of books such as Sapiens to ask where Harari is coming from – what is the story behind this story of humankind.
Harari says he was always interested in the big questions of history but was disappointed to find that university didn't seem the right place to answer them. Then he encountered Jared Diamond's book Guns, Germs and Steel . “It showed me,” he says, “that it is possible to tackle the biggest questions of history and of human existence in a scientific way.”
The facts of Harari's arguments come from scholarly work and are available to anyone. But it is the sensibility behind their synthesis that gives Sapiens its power and uniqueness: an empathetic consideration of humans and other animals; a view of history that considers not just kings, presidents and empires, but also well-being and suffering among people (and even animals); the ability to examine deeply entrenched ideas in a fresh light; a delightfully non-anthropocentric worldview; an interest in telling what is real from what is imaginary.
Anyone who's taken even a passing interest in Eastern spiritual traditions can see parallels here. Harari agrees. “One of the central ideas of Hinduism, Jainism and Buddhism is 'the world is an illusion'. This strikes many people as an absurd proposition but is in fact a very accurate description of the world most humans inhabit. We live in a world of nations, gods, business corporations, human rights and money, without noticing that all these things are in fact just imaginary stories that exist only in our own minds.” Harari practices Vipassana meditation daily and visits India once a year for a retreat. The practice helps him tell “what is really real” from the mind's fictions. He says, “Without the clarity I gained from practising this meditation I would not have been able to write this book.”
Here then is a thought experiment for Harari: what if his book ended up being so successful that a significant number of people in the world questioned their belief in all these imaginary stories. Nationalism would be diluted; religion would cease to be a matter of life and death; no one would be terrified of god or hell; laws and money would be acknowledged as mere conventions. Would such a world be a utopia of the John Lennon sort or would we see chaos and societal collapse?
Harari feels at least some conventional beliefs can be abandoned without descending into chaos. “For centuries,” he says, “many thinkers warned that if people stop believing in god and hell, the result will be unbridled chaos, crime and violence.” But then, he says, look at contemporary Europe, which has largely abandoned belief in god and hell. “It is the most peaceful and orderly place in human history. Far more peaceful and orderly than the god-fearing and hell-fearing Middle East.”
Harari points out that some conventions, like money, are useful for societies to function. “We should retain our more useful fictions,” he says, “but at the same time be able to separate fiction from reality, and see reality very clearly. For most of history, people have been so obsessed with fictions such as nations, gods and money, that they lost touch with reality.” Harari offers a thumb-rule for distinguishing a real entity from an imaginary one: can it suffer? “A nation cannot suffer,” he says, “even if it loses a war. A bank cannot suffer, even if it crashes. Humans, however, can suffer. Animals can suffer. Their suffering is real. I hope that we can retain the most useful fictions of humanity, but at the same time be in touch with reality, and thereby know how to make use of our power not to inflate some fictional entity like a nation, but in order to reduce real suffering in the world.”
That may not be forthcoming any time soon. And there may be no point in worrying about human suffering a few generations from now because it may not even be a thing – it's a chilling thought that our descendants are likely to be so different from us that we lack any basis for even beginning to talk about their internal lives.
Sapiens, by Yuval Noah Harari
For almost two million years humans lived more-or-less like other animals. Then, around 70,000 years ago, they had what Harari calls a cognitive revolution, an explosion of ingenuity and linguistic ability that allowed them to cooperate in unprecedented ways and populate most of the planet. The agricultural revolution around 12,000 years ago led to the creation of settlements and social structures as we now know them. The scientific revolution, around 500 years ago, brought about the heady collusion of capital, science and empire, and before we could realize it, brought us to the precipice at which we now stand. We will likely fly away from there.
According to Harari, humankind as we know it has at most a few hundred years left. Not because it will go extinct, but because in all likelihood we will upgrade ourselves using technology to a point where we are no longer recognizable as human. Perhaps we would be “an eternally young cyborg who does not breed and has no sexuality, who can share thoughts directly with other beings, whose abilities to focus and remember are a thousand times greater than our own, and who is never angry or sad, but has emotions and desires that we cannot begin to imagine.” We would have converted ourselves into a class of beings that is impossible to relate to from our present vantage. Effectively, we would have turned into gods.
This is not as far-fetched as it might sound. We already have ear implants, pacemakers, artificial hips and knees, and likely in a matter of decades, artificial organs. Sapiens has a photograph of two people with brain-controlled prosthetic arms shaking hands. Even as the book appeared on shelves there came news reports of a demonstration that claimed thoughts were recorded from the electrical activity in a subject's brain and transmitted through the internet to another person, all the way from Thiruvananthapuram to Strasbourg. The words communicated were 'hola' and, perhaps appropriately, 'ciao'.
Srinath Perur writes on a variety of subjects, often to do with science and travel. He is the author of If It's Monday It Must Be Madurai , a book about travelling with groups.
Recommend

New York widens global lead for IPOsNew York widens global lead for IPOs
By Eric Platt in New York and Josh Noble in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/821ee226-45c1-11e4-9b71-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Encana to buy Athlon Energy in $7bn dealEncana to buy Athlon Energy in $7bn deal
By Ed Crooks in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/749936d0-47e5-11e4-ac9f-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Mars orbiter sends picture of dust storm activities on the planetSep 29, 2014 at  10:48pm IST
Mars orbiter sends picture of dust storm activities on the planet
30
0
Bangalore: India's Mars orbiter has sent a picture of regional dust storm activities over the northern hemisphere of the Red Planet, ISRO said on Monday.
"Regional dust storm activities over northern hemisphere of Mars - captured by Mars Color Camera on-board Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM)", Bangalore-headquartered Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) said on its official Facebook page with a picture.
It said the image was taken from an altitude of 74,500 kms from the surface of Mars. MOM spacecraft had sent its first images of the planet on Thursday, a day after creating history by becoming the only such endeavour so far to have met with success on the maiden attempt.
MOM aims to study the Martian surface and mineral composition and scan its atmosphere for methane, an indicator of life.
#mars orbiter mission #spacecraft #mars #isro
MOM aims to study the Martian surface and mineral composition and scan its atmosphere for methane, an indicator of life.
The spacecraft is equipped with five instruments, including a sensor to track methane or marsh gas, a colour camera and a thermal-imaging spectrometer to map the surface and mineral wealth of the planet.
The Rs 450-crore MOM is the cheapest inter-planetary mission. India is the first country to reach Mars in the very first attempt. European, American and Russian probes have managed to orbit or land on the planet, but after several attempts.
The orbiter will keep moving in an elliptical path for at least six months with its instruments sending their gleanings back home.
The spacecraft was launched on its nine-month-long odyssey on a homegrown PSLV rocket from Sriharikota in Andhra Pradesh on November 5, last year. It had escaped the Earth's gravitational field on December 1 and was placed in the Martian orbit on September 24.
13

RBI monetary policy: Raghuram Rajan expected to hold interest rates steadyE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Sarkari ports to go paperless to facilitate...Government plans smooth sailing at paperless ports
Ruchika Chitravanshi, ET Bureau Sep 30, 2014, 03.10AM IST
Tags:
FIEO
(A senior government official…)
NEW DELHI: Taking a cue from the government's call to make it easier to do business in the country, ports under the shipping ministry plan to go paperless, a move that will not only reduce logistics costs but also cut bureaucratic delays faced by exporters and importers.
A senior government official said the idea is to do away with the requirement of manual stamping at each point for moving containers, which adds to delays in cargo evacuation.
The new mechanism will first be tried out at the Nhava Sheva Container Terminal at Jawaharlal Nehru Port Trust over the next two months. If successful, the 'go-paperless' initiative will be extended to all the other major ports under the shipping ministry, the official said. "Congestion is a big problem. If trucks can simply drive through once customs have given the clearance, then it will solve a lot of problems," the official said.
The move will have a direct impact on the efficiency of ports, which have been trying to mechanise operations for long. Once a system is put in place, then the evacuation time per container will go down to 15 seconds from 4-5 minutes, which will bring down the logistics costs in the long run. Besides, automated system will ensure transparency and curb any unnecessary payments that traders might have to make to get their trucks moving. "This is a delayed but much desired decision," said Ajay Sahai, director-general and CEO of Federation of Indian Export Organisations (FIEO). "While customs and banks are on Electronic Data Interchange mechanism, shipping hasn't come on board yet completely."
According to FIEO , the initiative will bring down transaction costs by 2-3%, which will accrue benefits of $16-24 billion.
Under the new system, a container will not require a "gate pass" to be transferred from one point to the other. A simple electronic message by customs will be enough for smooth passage through the remaining stops in the journey.
The shipping ministry is also in the process of upgrading software of the existing port community system to achieve seamless connectivity between different points. At present, all cargo requires dock receipt, customs clearance, mate receipt by the shipping line and finally the bill of lading, saying the goods have been put on board. "Nhava Sheva is * in a mess," said a senior port executive.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Obama  Modi vow to boost ties | Khem Cho Obama asks ModiSave precious time tracking your investments
WASHINGTON: US President Barack Obama and Prime Minister Narendra Modi vowed on Monday to expand and deepen their countries' strategic partnership and make it a model for the rest of the world.
In a joint "vision statement" issued after their first meeting at a White House dinner, the two leaders said they would work together "not just for the benefit of both our nations, but for the benefit of the world."
They said their countries would cooperate in security and fight terrorism and back a "rules based" global order in which India assumes greater multilateral responsibility, including a reformed UN Security Council.
They also vowed to work together against the threat posed by climate change and to cooperate to address the consequences of unchecked pollution.
"We have a vision that the United States and India will have a transformative relationship as trusted partners in the 21st century. Our partnership will be a model for the rest of the world," the "vision statement" said.
The two leaders also said the two countries would work to ensure that economic growth brought better livelihoods for all people and stressed the importance of open markets and fair and transparent practices to allow trade to flourish.
With President @BarackObama . We had a wonderful meeting and talked about a wide range of issues. pic.twitter.com/MRDjEjujCn
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) September 30, 2014
The United States has been keen to expand business and security ties with India, which is sees as a key counterbalance to an increasingly assertive China in Asia. Obama has backed Delhi's bid to become a permanent member of the U.N. Security Council.
However, so far the relationship has failed to live up to his declaration in 2010 that it would become "one of the defining partnerships of the 21st Century."
Modi has maintained a frantic schedule during his visit, which began on Friday, even though he is fasting in accordance with Hindu custom and drank only warm water at the White House dinner.
As part of an effort to spur foreign investment, he met more than a dozen U.S. corporate leaders earlier on Monday and told them he was committed to liberalizing India's economy, which has underperformed other emerging markets recently after years of breakneck growth.
On Saturday, Modi addressed the U.N. General Assembly and then appeared before some 60,000 people at a musical event in New York's Central Park aimed at ending global poverty and bringing essentials such as sanitation to all.
On Sunday, he received a rapturous welcome from a big crowd of Indian-Americans in an appearance in New York's Madison Square Garden arena.
He will hold further talks with Obama and his administration on Tuesday.

Sensex rangebound  Nifty at 7950 ahead of RB...Sensex rangebound, Nifty tests 7950 levels ahead of RBI policy
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 30, 2014, 09.27AM IST
Tags:
Axis Bank
(RBI monetary policy stance…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex was trading in a narrow range with a negative bias in trade on Tuesday ahead of RBI monetary policy due later today. The fall in the index was led by losses in ICICI Bank , ITC , Axis Bank, ONGC , M&M and Sesa Sterlite.
The Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) monetary policy stance at its fourth bi-monthly monetary policy review at 11:00 a.m., is likely to dictate near-term trend for the markets .
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also slipped in red and was trading near its crucial psychological level of 7950, weighed down by losses in banks, FMCG, oil & gas and power stocks .
At 09:20 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 26,578, down 18 points or 0.07 per cent. It touched a high of 26615.20 and a low of 26557.14 in trade today.
The Nifty was at 7954.10, down 4.7 points or 0.06 per cent. It touched a high of 7956.65 and a low of 7946.65 in trade today.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index was up 0.21 per cent and BSE S&P Smallcap Index edged higher by 0.20 per cent.
Dr Reddy's Laboratories (up 1.08 per cent), Tata Power (up 0.96 per cent), Sun Pharma (up 0.80 per cent), Bharti Airtel (up 0.78 per cent) and HDFC (up 0.67 per cent) were among the major Sensex gainers.
Sesa Sterlite (down 0.98 per cent), GAIL (down 1.13 per cent), Axis Bank (down 0.82 per cent), Hindalco (down 1.1 per cent) and M&M (down 0.75 per cent) were the major index losers.
FEATURED ARTICLES

How a missing  Or  helped Oracle India save ...You are here: Home > Collections
How a missing 'Or' helped Oracle Financial save Rs 142 crore in tax
Rajesh Mascarenhas, ET Bureau Sep 30, 2014, 10.53AM IST
Tags:
BSE
(Oracle Financial Services,…)
MUMBAI: Did the absence of a single word —'or' — in NSE's listing agreement with Oracle Financial help the company save Rs 142 crore in taxes on dividend?
Sebi's model listing agreement as well the listing agreement of the other equity exchange BSE have the following clause: "the company further agrees that the minimum time gap between the two book closures and/or record dates would be at least 30 days." However, NSE's listing agreement says: "The issuer further agrees to ensure that the time gap between two book closures and record dates would be at least 30 days."
A company's announces book closure before the AGM while the record date is fixed for distribution of dividend. Companies have been rushing to distribute dividend before October 1 after which a higher dividend distribution tax comes into effect.
Oracle Financial had declared its book closure from September 8 to 12. On September 8, the company told stock exchanges that during the shareholders' meeting — on September 12 — an interim dividend would be declared. An interim dividend of Rs 485 a share was declared and September 25 and September 29 were fixed as the record date and the date for paying the dividend, respectively.
Since clause 16 of the listing agreement states that the time gap between a book closure and a record date should be minimum 30 days, exchanges referred the matter to Sebi which on September 19 said that the record date was fixed in violation of the listing clause. Oracle moved the Securities Appellate Tribunal (SAT), a quasi-judicial body, challenging Sebi's view. Ruling in favour of Oracle, the tribunal said that the word 'and' used between 'two book closures' and 'record dates' in clause 16 of listing agreement does not mean that there should be a time gap of 30 says between a book closure and a record date.
"SAT could have looked into other aspects instead of just relying on the word 'and' between book closure and record dates," said Huzzefa Nasikwala, founder, Nasikwala Law Chambers. "Many orders in the past were based on the change of interpretations of words like 'shall', 'may', 'would' etc rather than the facts or proceedings," he added.
Oracle Financial Services , which declared a dividend of 9,700% entailing an outgo of Rs 4,081 crore, saved Rs 142 crore by distributing the dividend before October 1. This was possible as SAT allowed the software service provider to fix September 25 as the record date. ET's email query to NSE went unanswered till the time of going to press.
"SAT was right in interpreting the NSE listing agreement.
Though the intention of listing agreement — 30 days' gap between book closure date and record date — was more relevant when the shares were in physical form," said Sandeep Parekh, founder, Finsec Law Advisor .
"However, in the current demat format with the settlement happening in two days, this 30-day clause is irrelevant," he added.
The company is listed on both BSE and NSE. Though Sebi, BSE and NSE were parties to the appeal, the argument by Oracle Financial's counsel was based on the NSE listing agreement.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Auto  realty  bank stocks trading mixed ahead of RBI policy meetAuto, realty, bank stocks trading mixed ahead of RBI policy meet
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 30, 2014, 10.09AM IST
(RBI is likely to keep interest…)
MUMBAI: The rate sensitives sectors such as auto, banks and realty were witnessing a mixed session ahead of the Reserve Bank of India's fourth bi-monthly monetary policy review meet today.
According to analysts, the RBI Governor is likely to keep key interest rates and CRR unchanged today. Stress on controlling inflation and tone of commentary will be eyed for direction on interest rates.
The CPI inflation which the central bank is monitoring closely, has shown a declining trend in the past few months, the levels are still out of its comfort zone.
RBI has set a glide path for CPI inflation at 8 per cent by January 15 and 6 per cent by January 2016.
Retail inflation or CPI eased to 7.8 per cent in August from 8.59 per cent in April.
At 09:50 a.m.; the BSE Bankex was down 0.12 per cent, the BSE Auto Index gained 0.40 per cent and the BSE Realty Index was 0.34 per cent higher.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sterlite Tech up following JV with leading Japanese companySterlite Tech up following JV with leading Japanese company
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 30, 2014 10:19 AM IST
Sterlite Technologies has surged 2% following the announcement of a Joint-Venture agreement with VISCAS Corporation, a leading Japanese company on September, 29 2014.
This venture is an important milestone in sustaining Sterlite’s leadership in power transmission & distribution sector with an objective of addressing the growing extra high voltage underground power cabling requirements in India.
“This partnership has the potential to attain leadership in the HV/EHV Cables market in India innext 2-3 years," said  Mr. Pravin Agarwal, Whole-Time Director, Sterlite Technologies Limited.
The stocks opened at Rs 68 and has reached a high of Rs 69.90, so far. Around 470,000 shares have changed hands on BSE and NSE combined so far.

BPL gains on divesting stake in Bharat Energy VenturesBPL gains on divesting stake in Bharat Energy Ventures
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 30, 2014 10:00 AM IST
BPL has surged over 4% to Rs 22 after the company announced that its board has approved divesting stake in Bharat Energy Ventures to raise Rs 115.41 crore.
The board has approved disinvestmnet of 11,54,14,000 equity shares of Rs 10/- each held as investment in Bharat Energy Ventures Ltd, BPL said in a release.
The said shares will be sold at a fair value of Rs 10/- each to Electronic Research Private Ltd, the release said.
The stock opened at Rs 21.90 and touched a high of Rs 22.55 so far. Over 285,000 shares were traded on both the stock exchanges so far.

PC Jeweller gains on tie up with FlipkartPC Jeweller gains on tie up with Flipkart
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 30, 2014 10:00 AM IST
Shares of PC Jeweller are trading nearly 5% higher at Rs 235 on the BSE after e-commerce portal Flipkart joined hands with the company in order to create a platform for online jewellery shopping.
 
The focus will be on the replicating the comfort, convenience and brilliance that is associated with shopping at the jewellery retailer's large format showroom online on Flipkart.
 
"We are focussed on our online jewellery brand WearYourShine by PC Jeweller and going forward, we would also like to work with Flipkart towards creating a seamless offline-online integration wherein customers get a flexibility to buy online and exchange or return offline across over 46 showrooms of PC Jeweller."
 
"We see online jewellery sales becoming a huge market in the next few years, contributing a good share to our business," PC Jeweller executive director and chief operating officer R K Sharma said.
 
The stock opened at Rs 229, touched a high of Rs 239 and a low of Rs 227 on the BSE. A total of 87,852 shares exchanged hands on the BSE so far.

RBI s monetary policy review: Live UpdatesRBI said it would cut the ceiling on bonds that must be held-to-maturity from the current 24 per cent to 22 per cent in stages.
11:27 AM
RBI Policy: Guidelines on declaring borrowers as “non-co-operative” to be out Oct end
11:27 AM
RBI Policy: Central fraud registry proposed to be created for use by banks
11:26 AM
RBI Policy: GDP growth should pick up towards end of this year
11:25 AM
RBI Policy: Inflation is expected to evolve around expected trajectory through 2014-15
11:25 AM
RBI Policy: Efforts of past monetary tightening are working on inflation
11:24 AM
Future policy stance will be influenced by inflation outlook: RBI
11:23 AM
RBI Policy: Economic activity momentum appears to have slackened in Q2
11:22 AM
RBI Policy: Risks of ensuring CPI inflation at or below 8% by 2015 remain balanced
11:22 AM
RBI Policy: CPI likely to reduce to 6% by Nov 2014 on base effect, return to 8% by Jan
11:21 AM
RBI Policy: RBI retains growth projection for current fiscal at 5.5 per cent
11:21 AM
RBI Policy: Inflation as measured by the consumer price index in August slowed to 7.80% from 7.96% in July. Wholesale price index-based inflation also fell in August--to 3.47%, near a five-year low.
11:19 AM
RBI Policy: Revised guidelines on leverage ratio framework to be issued end Oct
11:19 AM
RBI Policy: Final norms on monitoring intra day liquidity management to be issued in Oct
11:19 AM
RBI Policy: Banks will be allowed 7% of G-secs held under SLR as part of LCR req
11:19 AM
RBI Policy: New NBFCs regulatory framework to be introduced Oct end and new NBFCs will be registered post introduction of new norms.
11:18 AM
RBI: Final guidelines on small & payments banks to be issued by November
11:17 AM
RBI Policy: Investment revival to be key to growth turn around
11:16 AM
RBI Policy: Upside risks on Jan 2016 CPI inflation target warrants policy preparedness
11:16 AM
RBI Policy: Future policy stance to be influenced by inflation relative to 6% objective
11:16 AM
RBI Policy: Few risks to inflation have eased though risks from food shocks still remain
11:15 AM
RBI Policy: Demand for ECR has come down substantial to 10% of outstanding export credit
11:15 AM
RBI Policy: Limit on short sale for liquid bonds to be increased to 0.75% vs 0.5%
11:14 AM
RBI Policy: To reduce ceiling on SLR securities under HTM from 24% to 22% in phased manner
11:14 AM
RBI Policy: Reduces export credit refinance from 32% to 15% effective 10th Oct
11:14 AM
RBI Policy: International crude prices are expected to moderate through 2015
11:13 AM
RBI Policy: Domestic risks mainly on account of inflation still remain
11:12 AM
RBI Policy: Impact of monsoon deficiency to play out on agri growth, non agri sectors to face demand slowdown as spillover of weak agri growth
11:11 AM
RBI Policy: Business expectations of corporates is at a 11 quarter high
11:10 AM
RBI Credit Policy: Construction activity should benefit from various policy initiatives
11:09 AM
RBI Credit Policy: Growth projection remain unchanged from April
11:09 AM
RBI Credit Policy: Q4 FY15 GDP growth projected at 5.6%, FY16 GDP growth projected at 6.3%
11:08 AM
RBI Credit Policy: Keeps key policy rates, CRR, SLR unchangedFY15 GDP growth projected at 5-6%, with central estimate of 5.5%
11:08 AM
RBI Credit Policy: Keeps key policy rates, CRR, SLR unchanged
11:05 AM
Nilesh Shah: Policy has come as per expectations
11:05 AM
RBI Credit Policy: Continue to provide liquidity under existing LAF
11:03 AM
RBI Credit Policy: Reverse Repo rate unchanged at 7%
11:02 AM
RBI Credit Policy: Repo rate unchanged at 8%
11:01 AM
RBI keeps key policy rates unchanged
11:01 AM
Sensex makes marginal gains as RBI goes for status quo
11:00 AM
Jehangir Aziz: With the new government decision making has become faster
10:59 AM
ET Now Poll: 100% bankers expect no change in CRR
10:59 AM

ABB India wins new order; stock flatABB India wins new order; stock flat
Modi  Obama vow to boost strategic ties  create model for worldModi, Obama vow to boost strategic ties, create model for world
David Brunnstrom     Washington   Last Updated: September 30, 2014  | 12:00 IST
Photo: http://www.apexchange.com/
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and US President Barack Obama vowed on Monday to expand and deepen their countries' strategic partnership and make it a model for the rest of the world.
In a joint "vision statement" issued after their first meeting at a White House dinner, the two leaders said they would work together "not just for the benefit of both our nations, but for the benefit of the world."
They said their countries would cooperate in security and fight terrorism and back a "rules based" global order in which India assumes greater multilateral responsibility, including a reformed UN Security Council.
They also vowed to work together against the threat posed by climate change and to cooperate to address the consequences of unchecked pollution.
"We have a vision that the United States and India will have a transformative relationship as trusted partners in the 21st century. Our partnership will be a model for the rest of the world," the "vision statement" said.
The two leaders also said the two countries would work to ensure that economic growth brought better livelihoods for all people and stressed the importance of open markets and fair and transparent practices to allow trade to flourish.
The United States has been keen to expand business and security ties with India, which is sees as a key counterbalance to an increasingly assertive China in Asia. Obama has backed Delhi's bid to become a permanent member of the UN Security Council.
However, so far the relationship has failed to live up to his declaration in 2010 that it would become "one of the defining partnerships of the 21st Century."
Modi, who came to power in May, has received a warm welcome in the United States, even though he was denied a visa in 2005 over rioting in his home state three years earlier killed more than 1,000 people, mainly Muslims. Modi, denies any wrongdoing and has been exonerated by the Supreme Court probe.
Modi has maintained a frantic schedule during his visit, which began on Friday, even though he is fasting in accordance with Navratri and drank only warm water at the White House dinner.
As part of an effort to spur foreign investment, he met more than a dozen US corporate leaders earlier on Monday and told them he was committed to liberalizing country's economy, which has underperformed other emerging markets recently after years of breakneck growth.
On Saturday, Modi addressed the UN General Assembly and then appeared before some 60,000 people at a musical event in New York's Central Park aimed at ending global poverty and bringing essentials such as sanitation to all.
On Sunday, he received a rapturous welcome from a big crowd of Indian-Americans in an appearance in New York's Madison Square Garden arena.
He will hold further talks with Obama and his administration on Tuesday.
(Reuters)

RBI keeps key rates  CRR unchangedKey highlights: RBI keeps key rates unchanged, CRR maintained at 4 per cent
BT Online Bureau     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 22, 2014  | 16:32 IST
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan (Photo: Reuters)
In line with expectations, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Tuesday decided to keep key interest rates unchanged in its fourth bi-monthly policy review.
Here are the key highlights from the central bank's policy review:
> The central bank kept repo rate unchanged at 8 per cent and reverse repo rate at 7 per cent.
> Cash reserve ratio (CRR) unchanged at 4 per cent.
> Maintains FY15 GDP growth estimate at 5.5 per cent.
> Projects FY16 GDP growth at 6.3 per cent.
> Currently positioned to reach 6 per cent inflation target by 2016.
> Inflation may climb back to 8 per cent in January-March 2015.
> Expect 7 per cent inflation by Q4 of FY16.
> Upside risks from food socks persist.
> Inflation readings better on better-than-expected monsoon.
> Will bring SLR down as government finances improve.

Bangalore police chief denies reports of Jayalalithaas ill healthJayalalithaa was sentenced to four years in jail in an 18-year-old corruption case. (Source: PTI)
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 30, 2014 10:47 am | Updated: September 30, 2014 11:06 am
The Bangalore police on Tuesday denied reports that said AIADMK leader J Jayalalithaa , lodged in a city jail after her conviction in a corruption case, was unwell, calling them incorrect
M N Reddi, Commissioner of Police, Bangalore City, posted on Twitter, “Some Kannada news channels are showing that Kum. Jayalalithaa is unwell and having heart problem. THIS IS NOT CORRECT.”
He further clarified, “We usually write to couple of Govt hospitals routinely when there is a Z+ security person in city, to keep ward ready as a precaution. We have written in the same way to 2 hospitals. Public are requested not to pay heed to any such rumours of her ill health.”
Yesterday, Jayalalithaa moved the Karnataka High Court challenging her conviction in the disproportionate assets case which cost her the chief minister’s job and disqualified her from being an MLA.
Jayalalitha has contended that the trial court has overlooked several judgements and has not considered the binding nature of various income tax orders and decisions of the Income Tax Appellate Tribunal, which had accepted the income and the level of expenditure pleaded by her.
Some kannada news channels are showing that Kum. Jayalalithaa is unwell and having heart problem. THIS IS NOT CORRECT. (1/3)
— M N Reddi, IPS (@CPBlr) September 29, 2014
We usually write to couple of Govt hospitals routinely when there is a Z+ security person in city, to keep ward ready as a precaution (2/2)
— M N Reddi, IPS (@CPBlr) September 29, 2014
We have written in the same way to 2 hospitals. Public are requested not to pay heed to any such rumours of her ill health.(3/3)

Hamas  Islamic State group "branches of same poisonous tree": NetanyahuBenjamin Netanyahu, Prime Minister of Israel, holds up a picture of an alleged Hamas rocket launcher surrounded by children while speaking during the 69th session of the United Nations General Assembly at U.N. headquarters, Monday, Sept. 29, 2014. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | United Nations | Posted: September 30, 2014 11:14 am | Updated: September 30, 2014 11:36 am
In a blistering speech to the United Nations, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu warned on Monday that Hamas and the Islamic State group are “branches of the same poisonous tree,” both bent on world domination through terror, just as the Nazis were.
Netanyahu also lashed back at Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas, who accused Israel last week of carrying out war crimes and waging a “war of genocide” during the fighting in Gaza. Netanyahu said Hamas committed “the real war crimes” in Gaza by using Palestinian civilians as human shields.
Addressing the U.N. General Assembly’s annual ministerial meeting, the Israeli leader argued that Israel’s fight against Hamas and the U.S. military campaign against the Islamic State are part of the same cause — the defeat of Islamic extremism.
Netanyahu railed against world leaders for simultaneously condemning the Jewish state for its war with Hamas and praising President Barack Obama for attacking Islamic State militants and other extremists in Syria and Iraq.
“They evidently don’t understand that ISIS and Hamas are branches of the same poisonous tree,” the prime minister said, referring to the Islamic State group by one of its acronyms. He added: “When it comes to its ultimate goals, Hamas is ISIS, and ISIS is Hamas.”
Netanyahu said ISIS and Hamas, as well as other Muslim extremist movements, from al-Qaida and Nigeria’s Boko Haram to Somalia’s al-Shabab and Lebanon’s Hezbollah, share the goal of imposing militant Islam on the world. He likened them to “another fanatic ideology that swept into power eight decades ago” — Nazism.
To protect global peace and security, he said, “we must remove this cancer before it’s too late.”
Turning to another regional enemy, Netanyahu warned that the gravest threat to the world today is the danger of Iran obtaining nuclear weapons. “It’s one thing to confront militant Islamists on pickup trucks, armed with Kalashnikov rifles. It’s another thing to confront militant Islamists armed with weapons of mass destruction,” he said.
Netanyahu said Iranian President Hassan Rouhani’s condemnation of the spread of terrorism last week amounted to “one of history’s greatest displays of doubletalk.”
He accused Iran itself of mounting terrorist attacks all around the world, and lumped the country in with Islamic extremist movements. “To say that Iran doesn’t practice terrorism is like saying Derek Jeter never played shortstop for the New York Yankees,” he said.
Netanyahu criticized the efforts of six world powers to reach a nuclear deal with Iran, saying: “To defeat ISIS and leave Iran as a threshold nuclear power is to continued…

Sensex makes marginal gains as RBI goes for status quoGet a Quote
Browse Companies
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z | 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
Browse Mutual Funds

Rupee hits day s low of 61.66 against US $You are here: Home > Collections > Rupee
Rupee heads toward 61 against US dollar
PTI Sep 30, 2014, 03.50PM IST
Tags:
(A lower opening at the domestic…)
MUMBAI: The rupee hits day's low of 61.77 against the US currency after opening nine paise down.
A lower opening at the domestic equity market and the dollar's rise against other major currencies overseas put pressure on the rupee, dealers said.
Yesterday, the rupee had tanked 38 paise to log nearly 7-month closing low of 61.53 against the Greenback following dollar demand from importers and some weakness in stocks ahead of the RBI policy review.
FEATURED ARTICLES

DCB Bank to raise Rs 275 cr; stock gainsYou are here: Home > Collections > Qip
DCB Bank to raise upto Rs 275 crore via QIP; stock up
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 30, 2014, 09.50AM IST
Tags:
DCB Bank
(The bank has fixed floor…)
MUMBAI: Shares of DCB Bank gained momentum in a lackluster trade after the bank approved qualified Institution placements (QIP) to raise Rs 275 crore.
The bank has fixed floor price of Rs 86.45 per share for the QIP .
The recent rally in the equity markets has prompted companies, which are facing cash crunch, to launch QIPs to raise funds for capex.
At 09:30 a.m.; the stock was at Rs 85.50, up 1.97 per cent, on the BSE. It touched a high of Rs 86.40 and a low of Rs 84.80 in trade today.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Modi overshadowed Sharif at UN: Pak. dailyUnited Nations
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s speech at the UN was everything his Pakistani counterpart Nawaz Sharif’s was not, said a Pakistani daily Monday.
An editorial, “Modi at the UN”, in the Daily Times said: “Modi continued his charm offensive in the West with a speech to the UN General Assembly that was everything Nawaz Sharif’s was not.”
Modi began with a quaint reference to India’s ancient Vedic culture, a running theme in his speech.
He took the opportunity following this to rebut Nawaz Sharif’s speech from the day before.
“He (Modi) was correct of course; the General Assembly is no longer a platform for serious discussion, it is a way for heads of state to build an image for their country and themselves,” said the editorial.
It noted that Modi’s speech, with its references to Indian spiritual traditions was “written for the US public to consume, while Sharif’s bland, narrow focus was everything that western publics feel is wrong with Pakistan — an obsession with India, desire for territory and a total lack of charisma and likeability”.
It went on to say that the Indian Prime Minister’s speech did not focus on Pakistan except by implication.
“Also not lost were his references to India’s large population, a way to position India as a major global market...Climate change and poverty eradication, alongside terrorism, made up Modi’s three main talking points.”
The daily said that it is a credit to Modi’s political acumen that he understands how important Western public opinion is to shaping policy.
“India’s insistence that Kashmir is a ‘non—issue’ bilaterally reflects Pakistan’s continuance of supporting jihadi proxies to achieve strategic goals. Workable solutions exist and have been discussed but Kashmir remains unresolved, while Pakistan’s support for proxies has cost it dearly in lives and money. Neither position is tenable but India’s appears less so, partly because it de facto controls the territory.”

Reserve Bank Keeps Repo Rate Unchanged Citing Inflation RisksYou are here: Home Economy
RBI Keeps Repo Rate Unchanged Citing Inflation Risks
NDTV | Updated On: September 30, 2014 12:44 (IST)
Commercial Mining of Coal to be Allowed After Auction: Finance Minister
Home and auto loan installments are unlikely to come down with the Reserve Bank today deciding to keep interest rates on hold. The central bank kept the key repo rate unchanged at 8 per cent citing significant upside risk to its medium term inflation target.
The RBI's move was widely expected as Governor Raghuram Rajan has vowed to bring consumer price inflation down to 8 per cent by January 2015 and to 6 per cent a year later. (Read: RBI Chief Says on Course to Reach Inflation Targets )
"We need to reach 6 per cent by 2016... We are reasonably set that we will reach 6 per cent target, but a lot can happen over the next few months... The policy will be data-contingent," Dr Rajan said. ( Highlights of Dr Rajan's Presser )
There are signs that upward pressures on consumer prices have begun to wane as consumer price inflation slowed to 7.8 per cent in August, and core inflation, which strips out food and fuel prices, eased to 6.9 per cent.
However, Dr Rajan today said that there is uncertainty about oil prices and even the rupee has been quite strong against a basket of currencies though it has weakened against the dollar. (Also read: RBI Governor Says Wants to Reduce Undue Volatility in Rupee )
"The situation is better than August, but there are still risks in achieving the 6 per cent target. We are more confident of achieving the 8 per cent target," he added.
The RBI has kept rates on hold since raising it by 25 basis points (0.25 per cent) in January. The cash reserve ratio also stays at 4 per cent, the central bank said. The RBI also kept the statutory liquidity ratio unchanged. SLR is the minimum bond holding requirements that lenders must set aside, while CRR determines the percentage of bank deposits that must be kept at the central bank.
Economists expect the central bank to cut interest rates only in fiscal year 2015-16 now. The new government seems to be backing Dr Rajan, though his strategy is far less popular with businesses, which want relief from high interest rates, and banks which want to lend more. (Read: RBI May Begin Rate Cuts if Inflation Slides to 7%: Axis MF )
India needs far stronger investment if it is to decisively recover from the sub-five percent growth suffered in the past two years, and grow fast enough to provide jobs for the millions of young people entering the labour market.
This requires a benign interest rate regime and low inflation, which will enable corporates to invest and make savings attractive. All the RBI has offered so far this year has been modest measures to make more credit available.
Today, the RBI said it would cut the ceiling on bonds that must be held-to-maturity from the current 24 per cent to 22 per cent in stages starting in the bi-weekly cycle beginning in Jan. 10, 2015. It expects to complete the process by September 2015.
The Sensex and Nifty, which saw some correction post RBI announcement, were back in the green as of 11.20 a.m.
(With inputs from Reuters)

Hopeful of Reaching 6% Inflation Target by January 2016: RajanCommercial Mining of Coal to be Allowed After Auction: Finance Minister
The Reserve Bank of India on Tuesday kept its benchmark repo rate unchanged at 8 per cent. Addressing a press conference RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan said inflation scenario has improved since August but there are upside risks to the 6 per cent inflation target rate by 2016.
Highlights:
We are currently positioned to reach 6% CPI target by January 2016
RBI policy will be data contingent
There are upside risks to the 6% inflation target
No change in goal of reaching 6% inflation target by January 2016
Inflation scenario has improved since August
Data developments since August have been positive
6% aim tougher than 8% inflation target
As government finances improve, SLR will be brought down
SLR cut will be a measured process
Plenty of liquid securities with banks
Too early to say that expected real rates are positive now
Major reforms in coal sector could pave the way for its higher availability
Impact of banks from coal block cancellations needs to be worked out
The real issue is putting assets healthy
RBI foreign exchange reserves changes primarily to due exchange rate fluctuation, not RBI selling dollars
Not overly concerned over real estate prices, expect in a few places where it is frothy
Loan growth to real estate sector quite strong
Not focused on any particular value on dollar/rupee. Want to curb volatility
 

BSE Sensex  Nifty Turns Flat As RBI Keeps Rate on HoldYou are here: Home Market
BSE Sensex, Nifty Turn Flat As RBI Keeps Rate on Hold
NDTV | Updated On: September 30, 2014 11:46 (IST)
Markets to Track Winter Session Action: Experts
The BSE Sensex and Nifty turned flat after the Reserve Bank of India kept the key policy rates unchanged, which was mostly on expected lines.
The Sensex was down 9 points at 26,588 whereas the Nifty traded 0.06 per cent lower at 7,964.90 as of 11.12 a.m.
The rate sensitive sectors like banks, and realty fell marginally. Bank Nifty was down 0.3 per cent, and CNX Realty index was down 0.26 per cent. However the CNX Auto index was up 0.62 per cent.
Reserve Bank of India on Tuesday kept the repo rate unchanged at 8 per cent, CRR at 4 per cent and the reverse repo rate at 7%. The Reserve Bank also maintained status quo on SLR rated.
However the RBI said, it would cut the ceiling on bonds that must be kept under the held-to-maturity (HTM) category from the current 24 percent to 22 percent in stages starting in the bi-weekly cycle beginning in January 10, 2015.
The RBI's credit policy was mostly on expected lines as 43 out of the 46 economist surveyed by Reuters have expected RBI to keep rates unchanged.
Among the defensives CNX Pharma index was up 0.85 per cent whereas the IT index was down 0.44 per cent.
Out of the 50 stocks in Nifty 21 stocks advanced and 29 stocks declined. HDIL was the top gainer in Nifty with 1.97 per cent gains followed by Bajaj Auto. DLF and Power Grid Corporation were the top loser in Nifty which were down between 1.5 to 2 per cent each.
In the broader market, the BSE Mid-cap and Small-cap indices were up 0.50 per cent and 0.45 per cent respectively outperforming the Nifty and Sensex.
Story first published on: September 30, 2014 11:41 (IST)

RBI maintains satus quo policy: Repo rate unchanged at 8%Sep 30, 2014, 03.35 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
RBI keeps rates on hold, says 6% CPI aim for 2016 at risk
The RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan stayed put on the key policy rates in his fourth bi-monthly credit policy review today but sounded caution as far as meeting 2016 inflation target was concerned. The apex bank retained the growth projection for FY15 at 5.5 percent and forecasts FY16 growth at 6.3 percent.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
RBI keeps rates on hold, says 6% CPI aim for 2016 at risk
The RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan stayed put on the key policy rates in his fourth bi-monthly credit policy review today but sounded caution as far as meeting 2016 inflation target was concerned. The apex bank retained the growth projection for FY15 at 5.5 percent and forecasts FY16 growth at 6.3 percent.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
The Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan stayed put on the key policy rates in his fourth bi-monthly credit policy review today, but sounded caution as far as meeting the 2016 CPI target was concerned. The RBI now believes that attaining the projected inflation target of 6 percent by January 2016 is at risk due to expected "food price shocks as the full effects of the monsoon’s passage unfold, and from geo-political developments that could materialise rapidly." The underlying hawkish tone gives scope to conclude that Rajan will settle for a prolonged period of rate inaction .
Speaking to press shortly after announcing the policy, governor Rajan said the headline inflation has been buffetted slightly, but the risks are still towards the upside; hence reaching 6 percent inflation target by 2016 too is at risk. “The future policy stance will be influenced by the RBI’s projections of inflation relative to the medium term objective of 6 percent by January 2016, while being contingent on incoming data,” Rajan said. He said it would be rather easy to meet the 8 percent CPI target for 2018.
"Large and persistent upside pressures on food prices have resulted in their contribution rising to almost 60 percent of headline inflation in August. The full impact of the skewed rainfall distribution carries risks to the future path of food inflation...Future food prices and the timing and magnitude of held back administered price revisions impart some uncertainty to an otherwise improving inflation outlook where lower oil prices, a relatively stable currency, and a negative output gap continue to put downward pressure. Base effects will also temper inflation in the next few months only to reverse towards the end of the year. The Reserve Bank will look through base effects," the policy statement noted.
Meanwhile, key policy rates were left unchanged, which was on the expected lines. Repo rate or the rate at which RBI lends money to banks for short-term, stayed at 8 percent while the cash reserve ratio (CRR) of scheduled banks unchanged at 4.0 percent of net demand and time liabilities. Consequently, the reverse repo rate remains unchanged at 7 percent, and the marginal standing facility (MSF) rate and the Bank Rate at 9 percent.
The RBI also kept the statutory liquidity ratio (SLR) of scheduled commercial banks unchanged at 22 percent of their NDTL.
As far as GDP is concerned, the apex bank retained its growth projection for FY15 at 5.5 percent and forecasted FY16 growth at 6.3 percent. It said the quarterly growth path may slow mildly in Q2 and Q3 before recovering in Q4.
Making a case to cut deposit rate , the RBI noted that credit growth has fallen well below deposit growth in August and September easing liquidity pressures. However, despite liquidity conditions remaining comfortable and deposit growth remaining normal, non food credit growth decelerated in September 2014, the lowest level since June 2001.
The fifth bi-monthly monetary policy statement is scheduled on Tuesday, December 2, 2014.
Posted by

Alphageo gets contract worth Rs 11croreSep 30, 2014, 11.07 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Alphageo gets contract worth Rs 11crore
Alphageo (India) Limited has been awarded a Contract for 3D Seismic Data Acquisition in Cauvery Basin of State of Tamilnadu for an estimated contract value, excluding taxes and duties of about Rs 11 crore.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Alphageo gets contract worth Rs 11crore
Alphageo (India) Limited has been awarded a Contract for 3D Seismic Data Acquisition in Cauvery Basin of State of Tamilnadu for an estimated contract value, excluding taxes and duties of about Rs 11 crore.
Post your opinion here
 
Alphageo (India) Ltd has informed BSE regarding "Alphageo awarded Contract for 3D Seismic Data Acquisition in Cauvery Basin in State of Tamilnadu".  Alphageo (India) Limited has been awarded a Contract for 3D Seismic Data Acquisition in Cauvery Basin of State of Tamilnadu for an estimated contract value, excluding taxes and duties of about Rs 11 crore.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Sirpur Paper Mills: Outcome of board meetingSep 30, 2014, 11.03 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sirpur Paper Mills: Outcome of board meeting
Sirpur Paper Mills Ltd has informed BSE regarding Outcome of Board Meeting held on September 29, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sirpur Paper Mills: Outcome of board meeting
Sirpur Paper Mills Ltd has informed BSE regarding Outcome of Board Meeting held on September 29, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Sirpur Paper Mills Ltd has informed BSE regarding Outcome of Board Meeting held on September 29, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Free guide: How to choose the right Mutual FundView Gallery
10 Things You Need to Know About Compound Interest
Having more money each year is what everyone aspires for, and one of the best ways to achieve this goal is through investing in mutual funds. Mutual funds are one of the best ways to invest one’s money, given the sheer number of choices catering to every type of investor preference. The fact that one need not monitor the investments on a minute to minute basis (unlike if one’s investments were directly made into securities), and the ability to diversify one’s portfolio without high initial capital also are positive add-ons.
 Many people are attracted to mutual funds, due to its higher returns, but are concerned by the perceived risk factor. Mutual funds are actually a relatively better way to grow your money as compared to direct investments in Equities, with a variety of options - both equity as well as more conservative debt options. Investing in mutual funds is an excellent way to achieve one’s financial goals as the investor benefits from market rate of returns without having to spend too much time understanding the intricacies of the market.
 
Mutual funds offer benefits such as:
 
Hassle free avenue for investing - the investor is not required to have pre-knowledge on the various asset classes
Tax savings via ELSS funds
Tax free returns on equity investments held over a year
Opportunities to invest across different asset classes (debt, equity, commodity, etc.)
Facility to invest in foreign markets
Specialized funds to cater to varied requirements, such as index funds, sectoral funds, arbitrage funds, fund of funds, and distressed asset funds
Better liquidity than traditional investment avenues such as PPF, fixed deposits, and bonds
 
Ascertaining one’s financial situation such as income, expenses, investments and investment goals is the first step towards constructing a portfolio. Apart from financial situations and goals, points to consider are age, investment style, personality and risk tolerance. Once the current situation is taken into account, we also need to fix financial goals, and break this up into short, medium and long term.
The next step is to understand one’s risk profile and based on the risk profile, one can select the appropriate asset allocation (debt, equity, commodity, etc.). Are you a risk taker or risk averse person? If one loses sleep over the ups and downs in the stock market, it will be better to avoid any significant exposure to equity funds. However, if the investor is willing to take risks and has the ability to hold on to the investment for a reasonable period, equity funds are the best option to reach one’s financial goal.
The risk profile then decides the asset allocation, and one can divide the capital between the various instruments. Here it is very important to understand the various instruments available in the market. There are the following types/categories of mutual funds - Equities, Balanced, Gold and Debt. Equities are one of the riskiest, while at the same time one of the most rewarding investment. There is further categorization to an Equity Fund based on capitalization – Large Cap/Mid Cap/Small Cap Fund.
Based on one’s Financial Goals and Risk Appetite, one can select the suitable category of mutual fund for investments. Post deciding on the allocation for each category of fund, one need to finalise on the funds. Factors such as Past performance, portfolio size, how long the fund has been operational, and expense ratio are some of the key points that have to be studied while selecting/evaluating a fund. Fund houses with larger portfolio size (AUM) and the long plus consistent track record should be preferred over newer options, as these tend to be more stable in times of turbulent markets. The expense ratio is an aspect that will impact the returns, with different fund houses charging differing ratios, even a 0.5% reduction in the expenses can result in a substantial increase in returns over a longer period.
Historical Performances of few Mutual Fund Schemes
Scheme Name

PM Modi  Prez Obama s first ever joint editorial to be published tomorrowPM Modi  Prez Obama s first ever joint editorial to be published tomorrow
BSE Sensex  NSE Nifty rangebound ahead of RBI Guv Raghuram Rajan s policy review announcementBSE Sensex  NSE Nifty rangebound ahead of RBI Guv Raghuram Rajan s policy review announcement
Reserve Bank keeps key interest rates unchangedReserve Bank keeps key interest rates unchanged
Europe Factors to Watch-Shares seen mixed after China dataEurope Factors to Watch-Shares seen mixed after China data
Just Dial gets letter of allocation of land from Karnataka govtJust Dial gets letter of allocation of land from Karnataka govt
VA Tech Wabag Rises to All-time High; Brokers Turn BullishVA Tech Wabag Rises to All-time High; Brokers Turn Bullish
Rupee falls 9 paise on increased dollar demandRupee falls 9 paise on increased dollar demand
Prefer Hindalco Industries: Ajay Srivastava08:00 am
Ajay Srivastava, CEO of Dimensions Consulting told CNBC-TV18, "If you look at the coal verdict, it showed absolute lack of any kind of government initiative. We are not very clear about the repercussions the banks, on these companies, the penalties and all kind of stuff which is going to float in the next three-four months. This is what I was saying that you are saying buy into the sector but I am saying there is so much uncertainty in the sector today, one doesn’t know where it is going to end up. We are back to nationalisation era at this point of time. Last coal block option didn’t get a very good response. So one doesn’t know where the sector will come."
" Hindalco Industries is not a coal block story. It is a more Novelis story now than a coal block story. So you would buy Hindalco for two reasons, Novelis turnaround, expansion of capacity and the copper story coming out in Hindalco. I don’t think it is too much of a coal block situation for Hindalco at least," he added.
RELATED NEWS

RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan keeps interest rate unchanged at 8 per centE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Rupee breaks 4-day losing trendcurrency values
Snapping a four-day losing streak, the rupee on Friday recovered by 19 paise to close at 61.15 against the dollar, in tune with local equities.
Forex dealers said late selling of US currency by exporters and some banks helped the domestic unit to rise.
At the Interbank Forex market, the domestic currency resumed lower at 61.46 a dollar from last close of 61.34 and declined further to a low of 61.62 — a level not seen since August 8, 2014 when it had touched an intra-day low of 61.74.
Forex dealers attributed fall in the rupee value to continued dollar demand from importers, mainly oil refiners to meet their month-end needs as also weakness in local stocks.
Later, fag-end dollar selling by exporters and some banks and recovery in domestic equities pulled it back to a high of 61.00 before concluding at 61.15, revealing a rise of 19 paise or 0.31 per cent. In last four sessions, it had plunged by 53 paise, or 0.87 per cent.
The dollar index was up by 0.14 per cent against its six major global rivals.
“Today rupee traded volatile, in the first half it traded weak taking cues from strong dollar but in the second half local equities which opened on a weak note then recovered and closed in green as global rating agency upgraded India’s credit outlook from negative to stable. This helped rupee to gain and appreciate,” Pramit Brahmbhatt, Veracity Group CEO, said.
In forward market, premium continued its downslide on sustained receipts by exporters.
The benchmark six-month premium payable in February eased to 208—210 paise from last close of 210.5—212.5 paise and far-forward contracts maturing in August, 2015 also declined to 463—465 paise from 466—468 paise.
The Reserve Bank of India fixed the reference rate for dollar at 61.5720 and for the euro at 78.4489.
The rupee recovered against the pound to 99.69 from 99.97 previously and also turned positive to end at 56.04 per 100 Japanese yen from 56.15. It, however, remained firm to 77.85 per euro from 77.98.

Nifty Forecast: Market movement may depend on RBI monetary policy review  says Vivek GuptaE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Bank of Baroda approves 5-for-1 stock splitE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Scientists unveil  invisibility cloak  to rival Harry Potter sE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Skin renders Sun s UV radiation harmless using projectilesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Mahindra & Mahindra launches new-gen Scorpio with more sting  prices it at Rs 7.98 lakhMahindra & Mahindra launches new-gen Scorpio with more sting, prices it at Rs 7.98 lakh
fe Bureau | Mumbai | Updated:  Sep 26 2014, 10:18  IST
Sep 26 2014, 10:18  IST
 

Mercedes Benz GLA-Class review: Body of an SUV  lines of a coupeE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Modi receives big reception at Madison SquareE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Why offline retailers plan to boycott iPhone 6You are here: Home > Collections > Retailers
Offline retailers may boycott iPhone 6 as iPhone 5S being offered at discounted prices on e-commerce sites
Gulveen Aulakh, ET Bureau Sep 29, 2014, 12.19PM IST
(According to sellers that…)
NEW DELHI: Some mobile phone retailers have threatened to boycott Apple's much-awaited iPhone 6 and 6 Plus models after their expected pre-Diwali launch because they are miffed that the iPhone 5S is being offered at heavily discounted prices on popular e-commerce sites Amazon, Flipkart and Snapdeal.
According to sellers that ET spoke to, some of the 1.5 lakh retailers claimed they have returned their iPhone 5S models, saying they can't compete with the discounts, which have lowered the price of the device to less than their cost.
"All over India, there is a huge uproar and heartburn among retailers against online sellers since their business and reputation is being lost," said Subhash Chandra, managing director of retail store chain Sangeetha Mobiles, adding that offline sellers were adversely affected as customers were increasingly going online.
A top executive at another retailer told ET that if things stay as they are, he would neither display nor sell the Apple iPhone 6 or 6 Plus. Apple products are distributed in India by Redington and Ingram Micro. ET could not independently confirm whether retailers had returned iPhone 5S models. Apple didn't respond to emailed queries seeking comment.
An executive close to dealings at Apple India said the company hasn't authorised marketplaces such as Amazon, Flipkart and Snapdeal to sell iPhones in India. Infibeam is the sole authorised online seller for iPhones while Flipkart is authorised to sell iPads and iPods.
The emergence of online retailing and its pricing benefits and the rift created with traditional sales channels exists in other global markets as well, for instance, when Amazon started operating in the US.
In India, where the online retail growth story has only just begun, about 12-14% of mobile phone sales are being diverted from offline retailers on a monthly basis, according to research firm Convergence Catalyst. This will only increase as Internet penetration spreads and e-commerce grows.
"There is unrest among retailers, as even brands are supporting online," said Satish Babu, founder of retail store chain UniverCell Mobiles.
Titu Tanwani, one of the largest distributors of mobile phones in Jaipur, told ET that many retailers had decided to stop selling iPhones as they were facing massive flak from consumers who are able to buy the devices online at much lower prices.
"The price difference is as high as Rs 11,000 on some models. Apple is liquidating stocks of the older models," he said, alleging that the company was doing so in anticipation of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus launch expected next month. He added that state trade associations, such as that of Rajasthan, were protesting against the brands.
E-commerce sites show that the 16 GB iPhone 5S, the highest-selling model for the company in India this year, on offer at betweenRs 34,000 and Rs 36,000, as much as 36% less than the original retail price of Rs 53,500.
The 16 GB iPhone 5S is available on Amazon for Rs 33,999.
Tanwani added that retailers were also rallying against local handset makers. The retailers are threatening to boycott Micromax, Spice and Karbonn, which have launched devices backed by Google's Android One platform exclusively online.
Google has partnered with Micromax, Karbonn and Spice to sell Android One smartphones priced between Rs 6,299 and Rs 6,499, exclusively on the three e-commerce sites.
Spice didn't respond to ET's queries at the time of writing. "To ensure convenient access to our devices, our distribution strategy is a judicious mix of both traditional and new-age sales channels. Retailers continue to be the lynchpin of our distribution nexus and we would continue to expand our retail network in the future," Karbonn said in a statement.
A Micromax company spokesperson said all distribution channels will coexist but consumers should have the choice to buy from any platform they choose. "India is a huge market and hence different channels are developing to serve the various consumer segments. As part of our tactical promotions, we might choose a partner for a particular activity but our strategic intent is a balanced approach towards all sales channels."
A senior executive from a large format retail chain told ET that he had returned his Apple phones to distributors in protest, adding that they cannot compete with prices offered online. "We will be talking to the brands individually, but I won't hesitate to boycott a brand if I am being treated unfairly."
Several large format retailers, including UniverCell, Sangeetha Mobiles, The Mobile Store and Spice's Hot Spot, have created an informal association that is trying to sort out the situation and will be speaking to consumers and the government on the matter, which they say threatens their survival.
However, the existence of e-commerce stores and competition from them are a reality that none of the retailers can ignore, said The Mobile Store's Chief Executive Himanshu Chakravarti.
The Essar Group-owned company, which owns more than 800 stores across the country, plans to partner with e-commerce players to augment revenue and limit the loss of customers.
Sangeetha Mobiles' online store, ShopNo47.com, launched on eBay India's site early this month to sell mobile phones, smartphones, tablets and accessories.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Amelio opens largest child care facility in SiruseriUpdated: September 29, 2014 12:33 IST
Amelio opens largest child care facility in Siruseri
k.t. jagannathan
The Hindu CEO Sridevi Raghavan and Director Raghavan Jawahar, Amelio Child Care. Photo: N. Ramakrishnan
TOPICS
children
Amelio, claimed to be the country's first onsite childcare service provider, has opened its largest child care facility in Siruseri on OMR (Old Mahabalipuram Road) in Chennai.
Located on a 12000 sq.ft area adjacent to SIPCOT, the child care centre can provide pre-school, day care and after-school child management and development service to around 150 children including infants.
According to Sridevi Raghavan, Co-Founder and CEO, "The facility is expected to provide relief to working parents in the IT Hub, who are juggling between pressures at work place and the challenges of taking care of their children."
Amelio, founded by Ms. Sridevi a MBA Graduate from Harvard Business School, and Mr. Raghavan, an entrepreneur, has over 10 centers in Chennai. The company recently inked a five-year deal with CSC for an onsite childcare Center in Chennai.

Human sleep pattern may have evolved first in oceansE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Narendra Modi gets Gita as gift from US lawmaker Tulsi Gabbardpicture  others
Narendra Modi gets Gita as gift from US lawmaker Tulsi Gabbard
Influential lawmaker Tulsi Gabbard, the only Hindu member of the US Congress, met Prime Minister Narendra Modi in New York and presented her personal copy of Bhagavad Gita to him, saying it was a gesture to express her love for India. (Source: PTI)
Gabbard, a 33-year-old US Democrat Congresswoman from Hawaii, called on the Prime Minister at his hotel.  She presented to the Prime Minister a copy of Gita, which she had placed in her hand when she took oath while being sworn in to the US House of Representative.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi greeted with a garland by Member of House of Representatives Tulsi Gabbard during a meeting in New York on Sunday. (Source: PTI)
"Gita I gave u I had since child, took shelter of in Mid East war zone duty, took Congressional Oath on," she tweeted after her meeting with Modi. "Today I was very honoured to have the opportunity to meet with Prime Minister Modi, where I presented him with a gift of my personal copy of the Bhagavad Gita," she wrote on her Facebook page. (Source: PTI)
"It is said that the greatest gift you can give someone is that which is of the greatest value to you, because it is a personal sacrifice to give up something which is very dear to you. So my presenting of my personal Bhagavad Gita to the Prime Minister was my way of expressing just how deep my affection and love is for India, for the Prime Minister, and for the people of India who he represents," she added. (Source: PTI)
Gabbard was also present at the Madison Square reception hosted by Indian-Americans for Modi. "It was great to hear his message of peace and friendship at his address to an energised crowd at New York's renowned Madison Square Garden," she said after Modi's address to NRIs.  (Source: PTI)
Visitors to Madison Square Garden make their way through the building to see Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi speak on Sunday, Sept. 28, 2014, in New York. (Source: PTI)
Visitors to Madison Square Garden shuffle along in line outside the building to see Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi speak, Sunday, Sept. 28, 2014, in New York. (Source: PTI)
Supporters of India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi fill Madison Square Garden before a reception by the Indian community in honor of Modi's visit to the United States on Sunday, Sept. 28, 2014, in New York. (Source: PTI)
Dancers with an Indian cultural group perform outside Madison Square Garden in preparation for an appearance by Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday, Sept. 28, 2014, in New York. (Source: PTI)
Traditional Rajasthani dancers perform during a reception by the Indian community in honor of Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to the United States at Madison Square Garden on Sunday, Sept. 28, 2014, in New York. (Source: PTI)
Artists perform during a reception organised in the honour of Prime Minister Narendra Modi by the Indian American Community Foundation at Madison Square Garden in New York on Sunday. (Source: PTI)
Traditional Gujarati dancers perform during a reception by the Indian community in honor of Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to the United States at Madison Square Garden, Sunday, Sept. 28, 2014, in New York. (Source: PTI)
Singer Kavitha Krishnamurthy performs as a painter makes a portrait of Prime Minister Narendra Modi during a reception organised in his honour by the Indian American Community Foundation at Madison Square Garden in New York on Sunday. (SOurce: PTI)
: Supporters cheer during a reception organised in the honour of Prime Minister Narendra Modi by the Indian American Community Foundation at Madison Square Garden in New York on Sunday. (Source: PTI)
A painter carries Prime Minister Narendra Modi's portrait after making it in front of the crowd during a reception organised by the Indian American Community Foundation at Madison Square Garden in New York on Sunday. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi waves at crowd during a reception organised in his honour by the Indian American Community Foundation at Madison Square Garden in New York on Sunday. (Source: PTI)
Supporters wave an Indian flag as Prime Minister Narendra Modi prepares to address during a reception organised in his honour by the Indian American Community Foundation at Madison Square Garden in New York on Sunday. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi gives a speech during a reception by the Indian community in honor of his visit to the United States at Madison Square Garden. (Source: PTI)
Related

Kavita  wife of 26/11 hero Hemant Karkare  diesKavita, wife of 26/11 hero Hemant Karkare, dies
Kavita Karkare was admitted to a hospital after she slipped into coma following a brain hemorrhage.
Yahoo India –  Mon 29 Sep, 2014
MUMBAI: Kavita Karkare, wife of former Maharashtra anti-terror squad chief Hemant Karkare who died fighting terrorists during the 26/11 attacks in Mumbai, passed away on Monday.
Kavita Karkare died Monday morning at a private hospital following brief illness, a hospital official said.
Kavita, 57, had suffered a massive brain haemorrhage Saturday and was undergoing treatment at Hinduja Hospital, Mahim.
Her condition turned critical and she lapsed into a coma soon afterwards. She did not recover and was declared brain-dead Monday, a hospital spokesperson said.
Kavita is survived by two daughters Jui and Sayali and son Akash.
The family has consented to donate her organs including kidneys, liver, eyes and skin, hospital sources said.
Hemant Karkare, as the chief of Maharashtra Anti-Terrorist Squad, had ventured to battle with the 10 Pakistani terrorists who laid siege to large parts of Mumbai during the harrowing terror attack of Nov 26-29, 2008.
He was killed along with some other senior police officials near the Cama Hospital early hours of Nov 27.
After his death, Kavita was in the limelight for demanding better weaponry, training and other facilities for the police personnel engaged in life-threatening situations. (With inputs from agencies)
Recommend

Jaya s conviction: 16 persons commit suicidePrint
AIADMK) party workers cry after a verdict was handed down to party leader and Tamil Nadu state Chief Minister Jayaram Jayalalitha as a court in Bangalore found her guilty of possessing wealth disproportionate to her known sources of income, in Chennai. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | Chennai | Posted: September 29, 2014 4:39 pm
At least 16 persons are believed to have committed suicide either by setting themselves ablaze or by hanging since Saturday when AIADMK chief Jayalalithaa was sentenced to a four-year jail term in the disproportionate assets case by a Special Court in Bangalore.
Police said while a AIADMK worker S Venkatesan (65) died in hospital after he set himself ablaze by pouring kerosene, three others hanged themselves while another jumped before a speeding bus.
Ten persons are believed to have suffered cardiac arrest, apparently unable to come to terms with the verdict, while one person died of shock, they said.
Those who allegedly committed suicide also included two Class XII students who set themselves ablaze in Tiruppur.
Police were tight-lipped on the number of such incidents across the state and claimed that some could be due to personal problems.

Another 3-year-old girl sexually assaulted in Delhi playschoolE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Pro-Narendra Modi supporters beat up TV anchor Rajdeep Sardesai outside Madison Square GardenNarendra Modi fans beat up TV anchor Rajdeep Sardesai at Madison Square Garden event
PTI | New York | Updated:  Oct 01 2014, 08:48  IST
Oct 01 2014, 08:48  IST
 

India gears up for Durga Puja celebrations  effigies being readied for Dussehrapicture  others
India gears up for Durga Puja celebrations, effigies being readied for Dussehra
Kolkata is gearing up for the Dugra Puja celebrations which begin tomorrow. (Source: Express Photo by Partha Paul)
Pictured here, is Goddess Durga at Bagbazar sarbojani puja Pandal. (Source: Express Photo by Partha Paul)
An artisan paints an idol of Hindu goddess Durga at a workshop in Guwahati.  The five-day Hindu festival Durga Puja is scheduled to start on Sept. 30 and end with the immersion of idols. (Source: AP)
An artist prepares hands and legs of Hindu gods Durga, Lakshmi, Saraswati, Ganesha and Kartick along with the demon Asura for the upcoming Durga festival at a workshop in Allahabad. (Source: AP)
An artisan paints an idol of Hindu goddess Durga at a workshop in Guwahati. (Source: AP)
Tollywood actors Parambrata and Payal perform a Dhunuchi Dance as part of Durga Puja celebrations at the Kolkata Town Hall on Friday. (Source: PTI)
In Mumbai, artists are busy giving final touches to effigies of Ravana ahead of Dussehra at Girgaon Chowpatty. Dussehra will be celebrated across India on October 3. (Source: Express photos By Pradip Das) (raavan-effigy)
The effigy for the Ravana being made under tight security. (Source: Express photos By Pradip Das)
Related

S&P re-rating should buffer rupee when US Fed raises ratesS&P re-rating should buffer rupee when US Fed raises rates
Neelasri Barman | Mumbai Sep 30, 2014 12:47 AM IST
With global rating agency Standard & Poor’s (S&P) raising the credit rating outlook for India, the rupee is seen as less volatile in reaction to the US Federal Reserve’s rate increase, expected in 2015.
Experts believe there would be some reaction when the US Fed does move but it would be a limited impact, as investors believe India is viewed better than its peers.
“India might attract additional capital flows after S&P's decision and that shall support the rupee. Investors are putting money in Indian assets because they see growth.
However, the day the Fed announces a rate rise, there might be a minor knee-jerk reaction, due to which the rupee will see some impact. But the broad range for the rupee in 2015 is seen at 59-61 a dollar,” said N S Venkatesh, executive director and head of treasury at IDBI Bank.
S&P has revised its outlook on India’s sovereign rating to stable from negative, while reaffirming the rating at BBB-. The change was because it felt a stronger political mandate improved the ability to implement reforms, spur growth and improve its fiscal performance. Besides, S&P cited a strong external profile. With this, all three major rating agencies now rate India as investment grade, with a stable outlook.
On Friday, the rupee rebounded sharply from a one-and-a-half month low, hit early after S&P raised the sovereign rating outlook, aided by the recovery in equities.   
“We continue to recommend a short-term overweight foreign exchange weighting on the rupee in regional foreign exchange portfolios, and expect it to outperform most Asian peers, even in the face of a broad dollar move,” said Standard Chartered on Friday.
There is an expectation that based on strong US data, the Fed will start raising rates. “Sometime in the second quarter of 2015, the US Fed might hike interest rates. I see the rupee trading in the band of 57-61 in 2015. However, this is also dependent on Ukraine-Russia tensions being under check,” said a chief currency dealer with the state-run bank.
But experts agree the Reserve Bank of India will not allow the rupee to appreciate significantly from current levels, even if there are opportunities driven by the India growth story.

IBM keen on participating Smart Cities  Digital India projectsSep 29, 2014 at 09:59pm IST
IBM keen on participating Smart Cities, Digital India projects
16
0
New York: US-based global technology giant IBM om Monday expressed keen interest in participating in India's newly-launched initiatives like Smart Cities and Digital India, as its CEO Virginia Rometty met Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
With a global turnover of nearly $100 billion, IBM is a major player in India and employs a large workforce in the country. Nearly one-third of its global workforce of over four lakh persons is in India, where its headcount exceeds even that in the US.
The meeting between Modi and Rometty was part of a series of one-on-one meets the Prime Minister had here with top business leaders of the US on his last day in New York.
With a global turnover of nearly $100 billion, IBM is a major player in India and employs a large workforce in the country.
#ibm #tracking the modi government #narendra modi #virginia rometty
The Prime Minister is also likely to meet business leaders in Washington during the second leg of his five-day visit to the US. During her meeting with Modi, Romnetty discussed "software for Smart Cities and Digital India initiatives," External Affairs Ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin tweeted.
Among other places, IBM has its facilities in 14 Indian cities, including Bangalore, Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai and Hyderabad. Other business leaders who had one-on-one meetings with the Prime Minister included KKR CEO Henry Kravis and CEOs of BlackRock, GE and Goldman Sachs.
Earlier on Monday, Modi also had a breakfast meeting with CEOs of 11 large American corporations. These included PepsiCo CEO Indra Nooyi, Google Chairman Eric Schmidt, Citigroup chief Michael Corbat, Mastercard CEO Ajay Banga, Cargill's President and CEO David W MacLennan, Caterpillar's Douglas Oberhelman, AES' Andres Gluski, Merck's Kenneth Frazier, Co-founder and Co-CEO of Carlyle Group David Rubenstein, Hospira's Michael Ball and Warburg Pincus' Charles Kaye.
3

Athlon and DreamWorks Are Big Market MoversAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Will continue to meet Hurriyat: Pakistan s Sartaj AzizComments
A day after he conceded that the timing of Pakistan high commissioner Abdul Basit’s meeting with Hurriyat leaders was “perhaps not totally right,” Pakistan national security and foreign affairs advisor Sartaj Aziz on Monday said they would continue to meet the separatists.
Advertisement
Aziz also reiterated that it was up to India to resume the dialogue because “it was India who called off the talks.”
Referring to Hurriyat leaders as ‘important stakeholders,’ Aziz, who advises Pakistan prime minister Nawaz Sharif, told HT on the phone from Islamabad that Pakistan would continue to hold meetings with the separatist outfit. “We will always meet them each time we are holding talks on the issue of Kashmir. Any solution to Kashmir has to be acceptable to the people of Kashmir,” he said.
Asked why he thought the meeting between Basit and the Hurriyat was ill-timed, Aziz said the Indian media had reported his statement partially. “I used the word probably because the two foreign secretaries were meeting to see how to take the dialogue forward. They were not slated to have any substantive talks on the issue of Kashmir.”
Asked if there was pressure from the US on resuming the talks with India, Aziz said, “Many in New York said they would like to see the dialogue being resumed but our position is clear – we did not call off the talks, India did.”
The meeting between India and Pakistan’s foreign secretaries, to be held on August 25, was called off after Basit held talks with separatist leader Shabir Shah.

PM Modi s grand reception in New York reflects deep cultural ties: White House27
0
Washington: The "rock-star" treatment given to Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the prestigious Madison Square Garden by some 20,000 Indian-American people is the reflective of the "deep cultural ties" between the two countries, the White House has said.
"I think the strong turnout at that event and the enthusiastic reaction highlights the deep cultural ties that exist between the United States and India; that there are so many immigrants from India to the United States that are now interwoven into communities all across the countries," White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said on Monday.
He was responding to questions about the historic turnout of some 20,000 Indian diaspora who had turned up from various parts of the country to attend the reception for Modi at the prestigious MSG in New York City on Sunday.
"I think that just highlights one other way in which the relationship between our two countries is so important," official said.
#narendra modi #modi meets america #madison square garden #new york
"I think that just highlights one other way in which the relationship between our two countries is so important," Earnest said.
On Sunday, Modi joined a long but exclusive list of international singers and film stars among others who have spoken at the iconic Madison Square Garden. Modi was perhaps the first international delegate from a country to speak at this venue, which opened on February 11, 1968.

Full text: Vision Statement for the US-India Strategic Partnership0
"Chalein Saath Saath: Forward Together We Go"
Chalein Saath Saath, forward together we go. As leaders of two great democratic nations with diverse traditions and faiths, we share a vision for a partnership in which the United States and India work together, not just for the benefit of both our nations, but for the benefit of the world.
We have vastly different histories, but both our founders sought to guarantee freedoms that allow our citizens to determine their own destiny and pursue their personal aspirations. Our strategic partnership rests on our shared mission to provide equal opportunity for our people through democracy and freedom.
"Chalein Saath Saath: Forward Together We Go"
#india us #narendra modi #barack obama #modi meets obama
The currents of kinship and commerce, scholarship and science tie our countries together. They allow us to rise above differences by maintaining the long-term perspective. Every day, in myriad ways, our cooperation fortifies a relationship that matches the innumerable ties between our peoples, who have produced works of art and music, invented cutting-edge technology, and responded to crises across the globe.
Our strategic partnership is a joint endeavor for prosperity and peace. Through intense consultations, joint exercises, and shared technology, our security cooperation will make the region and the world safe and secure. Together, we will combat terrorist threats and keep our homelands and citizens safe from attacks, while we respond expeditiously to humanitarian disasters and crises. We will prevent the spread of weapons of mass destruction, and remain committed to reducing the salience of nuclear weapons, while promoting universal, verifiable, and non-discriminatory nuclear disarmament.
We will support an open and inclusive rules-based global order, in which India assumes greater multilateral responsibility, including in a reformed United Nations Security Council. At the United Nations and beyond, our close coordination will lead to a more secure and just world.
Climate change threatens both our countries, and we will join together to mitigate its impact and adapt to our changing environment. We will address the consequences of unchecked pollution through cooperation by our governments, science and academic communities. We will partner to ensure that both countries have affordable, clean, reliable, and diverse sources of energy, including through our efforts to bring American-origin nuclear power technologies to India.
We will ensure that economic growth in both countries brings better livelihoods and welfare for all of our people. Our citizens value education as a means to a better life, and our exchange of skills and knowledge will propel our countries forward. Even the poorest will share in the opportunities in both our countries.
Joint research and collaboration in every aspect-ranging from particles of creation to outer space -- will produce boundless innovation and high technology collaboration that changes our lives. Open markets, fair and transparent practices will allow trade in goods and services to flourish.
Our people will be healthier as we jointly counter infectious diseases, eliminate maternal and child deaths, and work to eradicate poverty for all. And they will be safer as we ensure the fullest empowerment of women in a secure environment.
The United States and India commit to expand and deepen our strategic partnership in order to harness the inherent potential of our two democracies and the burgeoning ties between our people, economies, and businesses. Together we seek a reliable and enduring friendship that bolsters security and stability, contributes to the global economy, and advances peace and prosperity for our citizens and throughout the world.
We have a vision that the United States and India will have a transformative relationship as trusted partners in the 21st century. Our partnership will be a model for the rest of the world.
35

PM orders officials to clean toilets on Gandhi JayantiSep 30, 2014 at 06:53am IST
PM orders officials to clean toilets on Gandhi Jayanti
103
0
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi has ordered government officers to work on Gandhi Jayanti to clean ministries, including toilets in a nationwide cleanliness drive.
Modi plans to honour the independence hero by launching on Thursday the Clean India campaign, which aims to solve the country's sanitation and rubbish problems within five years to mark the 150th anniversary of Gandhi's Oct 2 birthday.
Many cities, including New Delhi and Mumbai, are overflowing with garbage, a result of rapid economic growth, overcrowding and poor urban planning, as well as civic behaviour that rarely condemns littering.
Modi has ordered government officers to work on Gandhi Jayanti to clean ministries, including toilets in a nationwide cleanliness drive.
#gandhi jayanti #narendra modi #swaksh bharat #clean india
India's shortage of toilets costs the country more than $50 billion a year, mostly through premature deaths and hygiene-related diseases, according a study by the World Bank. India suffers a greater cost than other Asian countries from the inadequate collection of human excreta, the study found.Several officials in government departments told Reuters they had been called into work on Thursday to help clean up.
"We are all buying brooms, we are going to clean up the bathrooms here," one defense ministry official said. "This is our work now."
The order to sweep and clean latrines echoes Gandhi's own insistence that his disciples carry out tasks that in India are traditionally associated with people from lower castes.
During India's campaign for freedom from colonial British rule, Gandhi spoke about the need to improve cleanliness, saying "sanitation was more important than independence."
Since taking office, Modi has repeatedly invoked Gandhi and lamented the poor state of sanitation and public cleanliness in India. He has also vowed to clean the heavily polluted Ganges river in time for Gandhi's 150th anniversary.
GRUMBLING IN THE RANKS
The drive to clean up notoriously shabby and spit-stained government offices began weeks ago and has had a noticeable impact with broken office equipment, dangling wires and tonnes of dusty files thrown away since Modi took office in May.
The latest push was met with resistance from officials who are under pressure to work longer hours and whose attendance is now closely monitored. Some complained they have been forced to cancel plans to see family on a public holiday.
"Most of the officials are enthused by the new government's focus on growth and improving work culture, but there should be a limit to the publicity stunts," an official at one ministry said. "We have been working for nearly 10 hours a day and we are now even asked to come on a national holiday."
Modi is the first Indian prime minister to make cleanliness and fixing the country's chronic toilet shortage one of his top priorities, with a target to make the nation's major cities free of rubbish by 2019.
He says a cleaner India will help promote economic growth, reduce healthcare costs and provide employment.In a speech last week, Modi asked every Indian to devote about 100 hours a year, or two hours a week, to cleaning public places of litter.Five years ago, India's then environment minister, Jairam Ramesh, shocked many Indians when he said its cities were the world's dirtiest and that "if there is a Nobel Prize for dirt and filth, India will win it, no doubt."
33

Asia Stocks Unsettled by HK  Sluggish China FactoriesYou are here: Home Market
Asia Stocks Unsettled by HK, Sluggish China Factories
Reuters | Updated On: September 30, 2014 08:21 (IST)
Markets to Track Winter Session Action: Experts
Sydney: Asian markets were in hesitant mood on Tuesday as investors wondered what China's response would be to civil unrest in Hong Kong, while the US dollar was on track to post its biggest monthly gain in well over a year.
Tens of thousands of pro-democracy protesters blocked Hong Kong streets on Tuesday, in one of the biggest political challenges to Beijing since the Tiananmen Square crackdown 25 years ago.
The unrest was an added complication for investors amid long-standing concerns about the health of China's economy.
An HSBC survey of manufacturing (PMI) for September disappointed slightly by showing a final reading of 50.2, steady on August but down from its preliminary 50.5.
One bright spot was a measure of new export orders which climbed to a 4-1/2-year-high of 54.5.
The official version of the PMI is due on Wednesday and analysts look for a steady outcome around 51.0.
Hong Kong's Hang Seng Index shed another 0.9 per cent to its lowest in three months. MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan lost 0.5 per cent having already fallen sharply on Monday.
Chinese shares have been less troubled, perhaps because news and images of the protests are hard to come by on the mainland. The Shanghai index was flat near a 19-month peak while the CSI300 held steady.
In Japan, the latest data were so mixed that they offered little clarity about the actual state of the economy.
The figures suggested unemployment declined in August and retail sales rebounded, but also that household spending and industrial output had both fallen sharply.
The broad Topix index retreated 1.3 per cent and away from six-year highs, while the Nikkei fell 1.1 per cent.
Worryingly South Korea also reported a steep 3.8 per cent drop in industrial output in August, far worse than forecast and the biggest fall since the 2008 global financial crisis. Stocks in Seoul eased 0.6 per cent.
Asian markets got no help from Wall Street, where the Dow closed down 0.25 per cent on Monday, while the S&P 500 fell 0.25 per cent and the Nasdaq 0.14 per cent.
Shares of companies exposed to Hong Kong fell, with HSBC down 2.3 per cent and luxury goods group Richemont off 1.7 per cent.
MSCI's emerging markets index had also been dragged down by big losses in Brazil.
The Brazilian real fell to a near six-year low and the benchmark Bovespa index notched its biggest one-day drop in more than three years after a poll showed President Dilma Rousseff gaining on challenger Marina Silva ahead of Sunday's election. The Bovespa fell 4.5 per cent.
Dollar on a Roll
The US dollar hovered at a four-year peak against a basket of major currencies and its gains of 3.5 per cent so far this month were the largest since February 2013.
The dollar scaled a fresh six-year high of 109.75 yen overnight and last traded at 109.37. The euro came within a whisker of its November 2012 trough of $1.2661 before edging back to $1.2684.
One of the worst-performing major currencies this month was the New Zealand dollar, which is down nearly 7 per cent.
Data on Monday confirming the Reserve Bank of New Zealand had intervened to weaken the currency sent it as low as $0.7708, before a marginal bounce to $0.7766.
The stronger US dollar has been a heavy weight on many commodities since it makes them more expensive for buyers using other currencies.
Spot gold was down at $1,216.70 an ounce, not far from last week's trough at $1,206.85.
US crude oil eased back 23 cents to $94.34 a barrel, after managing a modest rally on Monday. Brent was off 15 cents at $97.05 and uncomfortably close to its recent two-year low.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Modi  Obama meet for dinner at White House  exchange anecdotes about first few days in officeOct 01, 2014 at  03:41pm IST
Modi, Obama meet for dinner at White House, exchange anecdotes about first few days in office
32
0
Washington: On the last leg of his five-day US trip, Prime Minister Narendra Modi met President Barack Obama at the White House in Washington for a private dinner on Monday night. This was the first meeting between the two leaders and continued for nearly 90 minutes in the Blue Room of the President's official residence.
The leaders discussed their areas of interest and how they can boost Indo-US relationship. "President Obama, PM Modi exchanged anecdotes about their first few days in office, to see if they had anything in common," said Ministry of External Affairs spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin.
The biggest take away from the meeting was a joint editorial which will be written by Obama and Modi in a leading US journal. "Both Obama and Modi are great coteries of digital diplomacy. They have been communicating by digital means on the joint editorial," said Akbaruddin.
#narendra modi #barack obama #white house #modi meets obama
The vision statement for the US-India Strategic Partnership is "Chalein Saath Saath: Forward Together We Go". Both Modi and Obama agreed that good Indo-US relation is very important.
The meeting was majorly on knowing each other while bilateral ties will be discussed later. Modi will meet Obama again at The Oval House on Tuesday evening.
At personal level gifts were also exchanged. Keeping in mind the preferences of Obama and giving it an Indian touch, the Prime Minsiter's Office had a range of gifts for the former. "PM Modi gave a special gift to Obama. He gifted Mahatma Gandhi's interpretation of the Gita, covered in khadi. PM Modi is aware that President Obama respects Martin Luther King. He is giving him an All India Radio's recording of Martin Luther King's speech in India. A rare of picture of Martin Luther King at Rajghat was framed and gifted to President Obama," said Akbaruddin.
Obama welcomed Modi at the South Gate of the White House and greeted him saying 'Kem Cho'. Modi replied to President saying 'Thank You'.
The dinner hosted by Obama has 20 attendees on both the sides. Modi was accompanied by External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj, National Security Advisor Ajit Doval and Indian Ambassador to the US, S Jaishankar among others.
US Vice President Joe Biden, Secretary of State John Kerry, National Security Adviser Susan Rice, USAID chief Rajiv Shah were among invitees at Obama's dinner for Modi.
US First Lady Michelle Obama, however, gave it a miss.
As Modi is fasting on Navratri, he only had warm water while others had their dinner.
Outside the White House, there was a festive atmosphere as excited NRIs organised cultural programs displying various colours of India. There were garba, bhangra performances too.

Modi  Obama to write joint editorial for leading US newspaperOct 01, 2014 at  03:41pm IST
Modi, Obama to write joint editorial for leading US newspaper
70
1
Washington: In a first, Prime Minister Narendra Modi and US President Barack Obama will pen down a joint editorial for a leading American newspaper, said MEA spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin after the two leaders met over dinner at the White House.
"This is the first time a US President and Indian leader will be writing a joint editorial," said Akbaruddin as he briefed about the 90-minute long dinner diplomacy between Modi and Obama. He, however, avoided queries on how the whole arrangement was made.
This much anticipated column is followed by a recent post by PM Modi in the reputed Wall Street Journal where he invited entrepreneurs to join his 'Make in India' mission.
The MEA spokesperson, however, avoided queries on how the whole arrangement was made.
#narendra modi #barack obama #india #us
As PM Modi arrived at the White House, Obama received him at the door. He greeted him asking "Kem Cho Mr Prime Minister", to which Modi replied, "Thank you Mr President".
"Both Obama, Modi felt that while US-India relations were good, they could be made wider, deeper, stronger," said the MEA spokesperson.
He quipped,"This was a dinner meeting and the PM did not have anything except for warm water. But discussion was convivial."

It was the right time to walk away: KallisTweet
0
Former South Africa allrounder Jacques Kallis has said that his decision to retire from international cricket was well considered and not taken at the spur of the moment. Speaking exclusively to ESPNcricinfo, Kallis revealed he felt "the time was right" to walk away from the game despite making his ambitions of playing the 2015 World Cup in Australia and New Zealand public earlier.
"I have always said the day I wake up and I don't have that feeling of wanting to play international cricket, I'll call it quits and that's exactly what happened," he said. "I was always going to be honest with myself about that. It would have been nice to get through to the 2015 World Cup but I'm certainly not going to play if I am even 1% off from where I should be for international cricket."
Kallis announced his decision to retire after scores of 0,1 and 4 in the three-ODI series against Sri Lanka in July. He had announced his Test retirement in December 2013 after the final Test against India in Durban. "I know I have made the right choice. I sleep comfortably at night," he said. "I felt I had spent enough time away from home, other things were more important than international cricket to me."
Jacques KallisOver the course of his career, Kallis was part of five World Cup campaigns that ended in defeat. He insists the tag of chokers is "overused" and is regarded as a "joke" within the side. According to Kallis "little things have gone wrong at the wrong time" in previous World Cups for South Africa. "Somewhere along the line I can guarantee you South Africa will win a World Cup and the way the team is playing at the moment, there's no reason it can't be the one coming up."
While Kallis' international career might be over after 166 Tests and 328 ODIs, he intends to continue playing T20 cricket around the world for a few more years. Currently in India for the Champions League T20 as a member of Kolkata Knight Riders, Kallis said he enjoyed the role of mentoring younger players. "When I grew up, seniors did that for me. I have 20 years of knowledge and I can pass that on to some of the youngsters and help them become cricketers they want to become."
Knight Riders, who won their second IPL title in three years in June, are currently on a hot streak of 12 consecutive victories. Kallis credited the success to the players getting on well both "on and off the field". "The side was very cleverly and well chosen. Sometimes being a good cricketer doesn't mean you are going to become a good team man," he said. "The side has very much been selected on guys getting on well off the field which sometimes plays a massive role on the field."
They were the first team to qualify for the semi-finals of the CLT20, racking up three successive wins, but Kallis insists there is no talk about the title in the dressing room. "Not a word has been spoken about that yet. We take it one game at a time. That's been a strength of this side; it's the reason why we've won 12 in a row because we haven't looked ahead."
Despite the growing popularity of T20 Kallis, who is the second-highest century maker and third-highest run-getter in Test cricket, believes the longest format of the game is "healthy". "I believe there's no need to change anything about Test cricket," he said. "Cricketers still want to be judged at how good they are in Tests. I think T20 has been magnificent for the game, it has speeded up Test cricket, made it more exciting, brought new audiences to Test cricket."
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

Tata Power  NTPC and Hindalco Industries to see some action todayTata Power  NTPC and Hindalco Industries to see some action today
Tamil Nadu film industry not to showcase any movie today to protest Jayalalithaa s sentencingSep 30, 2014 at 09:25am IST
Tamil Nadu film industry not to showcase any movie today to protest Jayalalithaa's sentencing
41
0
Chennai: Tamil Nadu continues to be on edge after the arrest of former Chief minister J Jayalalithaa in 18-year-old disproportionate assets case on September 27. The Tamil Nadu film industry will not showcase any movie on Tuesday across theatres in the state to protest Jayalalithaa's sentencing.
In order to show their support for Jayalalithaa, members of Tamil Film Exhibitors Association will go on fast on Tuesday. Members of Tamil Film Producers Council (TPFC) and South Indian Artists Association (SIAA) have also backed the hunger strike.
A PTI report said that the protest will be held at Chepauk from 9 am to 6 pm.
In order to show their support for Jayalalithaa, members of Tamil Film Exhibitors Association will go on fast on Tuesday.
#j jayalalithaa #tamil nadu #tamil nadu film industry #disproportionate assets case
In the meantime, Jayalalithaa's bail plea will come up for hearing in Karnataka High Court. She had moved the high court seeking bail and challenging her conviction.
Jayalalithaa, her aide Sasikala and two others were found guilty in the 66.65 crore case and fined by the court. While the AIADMK chief was asked to pay Rs 100 crore, the three others were fined Rs 10 crore each.
The state witnessed numerous suicide attempts and deaths soon after the judgment. Some reports said that a total of 16 persons had committed suicide or died of cardiac arrest across the state.
The AIADMK elected Jayalalithaa's right-hand man O Panneerselvam to take over the reins of the government in her absence. Panneerselvam, who broke down as he took the oath on Monday, made no changes in the portfolios, keeping home, finance and public affairs with himself.
This is Panneerselvam's second stint as the CM. In 2001, Jayalalithaa handpicked him to fill her shoes when she was convicted in the TANSI land scam. The trusted Jayalalithaa loyalist refused to sit in her chair saying it belonged to his 'revered' leader.
(With additional information from PTI)
9

Sensex  Nifty open lower ahead of RBI policy reviewMarket update: BSE Sensex caps gains on selling in interest-sensitive stocks
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 30, 2014  | 17:58 IST
The Sensex had lost 29.21 points in the previous session (Photo: Reuters)
The BSE benchmark Sensex on Tuesday surrendered most of its early gains and closed a moderate 33 points higher on selling in interest-sensitive stocks like banking and realty, after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) kept interest rates unchanged in its bi-monthly monetary policy review.
In a highly volatile trade, the BSE sensex opened higher and rose to the day's high of 26,851.33, a jump of 254.22 points from its previous close , after RBI announced its bi-monthly policy. However, selling in banking and realty sector stocks and other blue-chip stocks, gave up most of its gain to close the session 33.40 points (or 0.13 per cent) higher at 26,630.51.
The 30-share barometer had lost 29.21 points on Monday after participants trimmed positions ahead of the RBI monetary policy review.
Similarly, the broader 50-share National Stock Exchange (NSE) Nifty, in two-way movements, finally settled 5.90 points (or 0.07 per cent) higher at 7,964.80 after touching the day's high of 8,030.90 and a low of 7,923.85.
Brokers said the central bank's decision to keep key policy rates unchanged was largely in line with investor expectations and had little impact on buying by participants but profit-booking at improved levels, minimised the gains, spread over a broad front.
The Reserve Bank, in its monetary policy, left the repo rate unchanged at 8 per cent, statutory liquidity ratio (SLR) at 22 per cent and the cash reserve ratio static at 4 per cent.
Global cues were not conducive as Asian markets ended lower after a Chinese manufacturing gauge missed estimates. European markets were also weak in early trades.
While 14 of the 30 Sensex scrips ended with gains led by Sun Pharma (up 2.77 per cent), HDFC (2.17 per cent) and Bajaj Auto (2 per cent), BHEL, Axis Bank and Hindalco remained major losers.
Sectorally, BSE Consumer Durabless index gained the most by rising 1.75 per cent, followed by Healthcare (1.35 per cent), Oil & Gas index (1.14 per cent) and FMCG index (0.66 per cent). However, Banking index shed 0.47 per cent, followed by Realty index (2.66 per cent) and Auto index (0.06 per cent).

Five Indian-Americans in Forbes list of richest in US; Bill Gates tops with $81 bnE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

PVR rallies over 1% on fund raising plans via QIPYou are here: Home > Collections > Qip
PVR rallies over 1% on fund raising plans via QIP
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 30, 2014, 09.54AM IST
Tags:
Ajay Bijli
(At 09:40 a.m.; PVR was…)
NEW DELHI: PVR Ltd rallied as much as 1.3 per cent in trade on Tuesday, after the multiplex operator said that its board has approved plans to raise Rs 500 crore through qualified institutional placement (QIP).
At 09:40 a.m.; PVR was trading 1.07 per cent higher at Rs 708.35. It hit a low of Rs 707 and a high of Rs 710 in trade today.
The board in its Annual General Meeting authorised PVR to raise the fund, PVR informed the BSE. It also approved management services agreement with its JV firm PVR bluO Entertainment.
Moreover, Ajay Bijli along with five independent directors has been appointed.
On July 31, PVR had said that it would Rs 500 crore through QIP for any inorganic growth or acquisition, PTI reported.
FEATURED ARTICLES

HDIL up 5%  promoters revoke pledged shares in ILFS TrustSep 30, 2014, 10.48 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
HDIL up 5%, promoters revoke pledged shares in IL&FS Trust
On July 4, IL&FS Trust had released 7 crore equity shares, comprising 48.11 percent of the total pledged shares of promoter group. With the latest release of pledged shares by IL&FS Trust, the total number of pledged shares by HDIL promoters now stands nil.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
HDIL up 5%, promoters revoke pledged shares in IL&FS Trust
On July 4, IL&FS Trust had released 7 crore equity shares, comprising 48.11 percent of the total pledged shares of promoter group. With the latest release of pledged shares by IL&FS Trust, the total number of pledged shares by HDIL promoters now stands nil.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Housing Development and Infrastructure (HDIL) jumped 5 percent intraday on Tuesday after its promoters have revoked all shares pledged with IL&FS Trust Company.
"Promoters of HDIL have revoked all shares earlier pledged with IL&FS Trust Company and now the entire 100 percent shares in the promoters category is non-pledged," it said.
IL&FS Trust has released over 7.54 crore equity shares of promoters, including those of Rakesh Kumar Wadhawan.  The released shares in the latest tranche comprise 51.89 percent of the total shares pledged by promoter group.
On July 4, IL&FS Trust had released 7 crore equity shares, comprising 48.11 percent of the total pledged shares of promoter group. With the latest release of pledged shares by IL&FS Trust, the total number of pledged shares by HDIL promoters now stands nil, the release said.
At 09:49 hrs, the stock was quoting at Rs 84.95, up Rs 2.85, or 3.47 percent on the BSE.
 

Modi-Obama meet not likely to show immediate resultsIdol Chat: In conversation with Emraan Hashmi
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

DCB Bank to raise upto Rs 275 crore via QIP; stock upDCB Bank to raise upto Rs 275 crore via QIP; stock up
Lancor Holding s RV Shekar to step down as MDHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Lancor Holding's RV Shekar to step down as MD
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 30:  
Lancor Holdings in an exchange filing said RV Shekar, Managing Director, proposes to retire with effect from October 1. The board has requested him to continue his association with the company as non-executive chairman, which he has accepted.
Mallika Ravi, Group Chief Executive Officer of the company will discharge all responsibilities of the management subject to the superintendence of the board, the Lancor communiqué added.
(This article was published on September 30, 2014)
Related

SEBI grants recognition to clearing corpns of BSE  NSE  MCX-SX  for a yearSEBI grants recognition to clearing corpns of BSE, NSE, MCX-SX, for a year
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 30:  
SEBI has granted recognition to the clearing corporations of BSE (ICCL), MCX-SX (MCX-SX CCL) and NSE (NSCCL) for one year commencing October 3, 2014, subject to conditions.
A clearing corporation is a central counterparty. It clears and settles trades done on exchanges by interposing itself between buyers and sellers- becoming the buyer to every seller and the seller to every buyer.
All the three clearing corporations have been directed to take immediate steps to rectify the deficiencies pointed out in the systems audit done by SEBI.
In addition, ICCL has been asked to have a business continuity plan and disaster recovery site.
MCX-SX CCL has been directed to comply with shareholding requirements; implement the SEBI order on entities declared not 'fit and proper' person; submit an action plan to increase its net worth to Rs 100 crore within nine months and appoint a Managing Director and Compliance Officer.
NSCCL has been directed to appoint a compliance officer exclusively for the Clearing Corporation.
Clearing Corporations also manage collateral and risk for various segments of exchanges (equity, equity derivatives, currency fixed income and mutual funds) for which they provide clearing and settlement services.
(This article was published on September 30, 2014)
Related

Sterlite Technologies ties up with Japanese co ViscasHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Sterlite Technologies ties up with Japanese co Viscas
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 30:  
Sterlite Technologies has entered into a joint venture agreement with Viscas Corporation, a Japanese company which specialises in providing power transmission and distribution systems solutions globally.
In an exchange filing, Sterlite Technologies said that as part of the tie up, Viscas will invest in the existing power cable facility of Sterlite at Haridwar, which is already serving the medium voltage and high voltage power cable customers in India.
(This article was published on September 30, 2014)
Related

Sensex trading flat ahead of RBI policy reviewSensex ends flat after a wild swing
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 30:  
Sensex closed flat with a gain of 33 points after roller-coaster rider influenced by the RBI credit policy.
The benchmark Sensex opened on the higher side at 26,611 against the previous close 26,597. It made a high of 26,851 and low of 26,481 before closing at 26,631. The turnover on BSE was up at Rs 3,821 crore against Rs 2,742 crore registered on Monday.
In NSE, the Nifty was up six points at 7,965.
The Reserve Bank of India kept the key bank rates unchanged after a monetary policy review on Tuesday as it waited for more signs of inflation retreating. Interest rate sensitive banking and realty stocks declined after the RBI policy review. PSU oil market companies gained ahead their fortnightly fuel price revision on Wednesday. Tyre stocks rose across the board on persistent fall in rubber prices.
Maruti Suzuki rose two per cent to Rs 3,064. The company announced after market hours on Tuesday that it will proactively inspect and repair the wiring harness fitment of 69,555 diesel vehicles manufactured between March, 2010 and August, 2013. This exercise is limited to vehicles within the above specified range and does not pertain to any other vehicle of the company or its exports. The problem was noticed based on feedback monitoring and internal checks by the company. Accordingly proactive action has been initiated in the interest of customers, said the company.
PSU bank stocks declined after Financial Services Secretary GS Sandhu was quoted on Tuesday saying that state-run banks will soon start raising funds from markets, as part of government's efforts to infuse capital into banks to meet the Basel III norms.
Among public sector banks that declined include Bank of India (-4%), Union Bank of India (-3%), IDBI Bank (-2%), Canara Bank (-2%) and State Bank of India (-0.21%), edged lower.
The major gainers include Eicher Motors (6%), JP Infratech (6%), Apollo Tyres (6%), MRF (5%), Bhushan Steel (5%), Marico (5%) and GSK Consumer Healthcare (5%).
Prominent losers include IndiaBulls Real Estate (-5%), GMR Infra (-5%), Suzlon (-5%), Unitech (-5%), DLF (-5%), JSW Steel (-4%), Shriram Transport Finance (-4%).
(This article was published on September 30, 2014)
Related

IDFC Gains 2 Percent on Asset Sale BuzzYou are here: Home Market
IDFC Gains 2% on Asset Sale Buzz
NDTV | Updated On: September 30, 2014 10:21 (IST)
Markets to Track Winter Session Action: Experts
Shares in IDFC gained nearly 2 per cent to Rs 142.90 on Tuesday as the company has reportedly sold assets worth Rs 1,100 crore to private equity firm Blackstone Group in an attempt to free up capital to set up a bank.
The private equity division of IDFC, IDFC Alternative has reportedly sold a special economic zone (SEZ) in Pune and an IT park in Noida for a combined enterprise value of Rs 1,100 crore to private equity firm Blackstone Group LP.
IDFC Alternative had invested Rs 415 crore in the IT Park in Noida during 2011 and Rs 460 crore in the Pune SEZ, which were made from the balance sheet of IDFC, the news report said. At the current exit price of Rs 1,100 crore, these investments have provided an internal rate of return of around 22 per cent to the company.
After receiving approval from Reserve Bank of India to set up a bank, IDFC is looking to free up capital from its balance sheet.
As of 10.15 a.m. IDFC shares traded 0.89 per cent higher at Rs 141.85 apiece outperforming the Nifty which was up 0.09 per cent.
Story first published on: September 30, 2014 10:20 (IST)

Iron ore at five-year low  set for worst month since MayIron ore at five-year low, set for worst month since May
Reuters
Prices fall 42% in 2014
Singapore, Sept 30:  
Iron ore is on track to end September with its biggest monthly loss since May after falling to its lowest since 2009 in a rout that traders say looks likely to continue after a week-long holiday in top consumer China.
Abundant supply of iron ore has hit prices hard as the top global miners, looking to squeeze out high-cost producers, lifted output at a time when Chinese steel demand was slowing.
Third quarterly loss
The steelmaking raw material has fallen more than 42 per cent this year and is on course for its third quarterly decline.
There was limited trading activity in China ahead of the National Day holiday that starts on Wednesday, traders said.
"Most deals have been done yesterday and the days before, and other traders have really been shying away from the market in the past two months," said an iron ore trader in China's eastern Shandong province.
"Many traders are keeping low stocks because they don't think the price can find any strong support right now, given the weak real estate market in China," said the trader, who sees iron ore touching $70 in October. Ore for immediate delivery to China fell 1.2 per cent on Monday to $77.70 a tonne, its lowest since September 2009, according to data compiled by The Steel Index.
The price of the raw material, which is the top revenue earner for global miners Vale and Rio Tinto, has slumped nearly 12 per cent this month and 17 per cent in the third quarter. A cooling property sector has been a major drag on China's economy this year, with economists saying Beijing may need to launch more stimulus measures if the government is to meet its 2014 growth target of around 7.5 per cent.
China factory output
Activity in China's factory sector showed signs of steadying in September as export orders climbed, according to a private survey, easing fears of a hard landing but pointing to a still sluggish economy facing considerable risks. The HSBC/Markit Manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index stood at 50.2 in September, unchanged from the August reading, which was a three-month low, but lower than the preliminary 50.5.
Chinese steel and iron ore futures rose modestly after sharp losses on Monday. The most traded January rebar contract on the Shanghai Futures Exchange was up 0.4 per cent at 2,552 yuan ($415) a tonne by midday after sliding more than 2 per cent in the previous session. Iron ore for January delivery on the Dalian Commodity Exchange edged up 0.4 per cent to 549 yuan per tonne after Monday's 3 per cent drop.
(This article was published on September 30, 2014)
Related

Metal shares dip on sluggish China manufacturing PMImetal shares dip on sluggish china manufacturing pmi
Microsoft Corp set to offer glimpse of its vision for new WindowsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

How a missing  or  helped Oracle save Rs 142 cr in tax | Wipro to slim down by a thirdYou are here: Home > Collections
How a missing 'Or' helped Oracle Financial save Rs 142 crore in tax
Rajesh Mascarenhas, ET Bureau Sep 30, 2014, 10.53AM IST
Tags:
BSE
(Oracle Financial Services,…)
MUMBAI: Did the absence of a single word —'or' — in NSE's listing agreement with Oracle Financial help the company save Rs 142 crore in taxes on dividend?
Sebi's model listing agreement as well the listing agreement of the other equity exchange BSE have the following clause: "the company further agrees that the minimum time gap between the two book closures and/or record dates would be at least 30 days." However, NSE's listing agreement says: "The issuer further agrees to ensure that the time gap between two book closures and record dates would be at least 30 days."
A company's announces book closure before the AGM while the record date is fixed for distribution of dividend. Companies have been rushing to distribute dividend before October 1 after which a higher dividend distribution tax comes into effect.
Oracle Financial had declared its book closure from September 8 to 12. On September 8, the company told stock exchanges that during the shareholders' meeting — on September 12 — an interim dividend would be declared. An interim dividend of Rs 485 a share was declared and September 25 and September 29 were fixed as the record date and the date for paying the dividend, respectively.
Since clause 16 of the listing agreement states that the time gap between a book closure and a record date should be minimum 30 days, exchanges referred the matter to Sebi which on September 19 said that the record date was fixed in violation of the listing clause. Oracle moved the Securities Appellate Tribunal (SAT), a quasi-judicial body, challenging Sebi's view. Ruling in favour of Oracle, the tribunal said that the word 'and' used between 'two book closures' and 'record dates' in clause 16 of listing agreement does not mean that there should be a time gap of 30 says between a book closure and a record date.
"SAT could have looked into other aspects instead of just relying on the word 'and' between book closure and record dates," said Huzzefa Nasikwala, founder, Nasikwala Law Chambers. "Many orders in the past were based on the change of interpretations of words like 'shall', 'may', 'would' etc rather than the facts or proceedings," he added.
Oracle Financial Services , which declared a dividend of 9,700% entailing an outgo of Rs 4,081 crore, saved Rs 142 crore by distributing the dividend before October 1. This was possible as SAT allowed the software service provider to fix September 25 as the record date. ET's email query to NSE went unanswered till the time of going to press.
"SAT was right in interpreting the NSE listing agreement.
Though the intention of listing agreement — 30 days' gap between book closure date and record date — was more relevant when the shares were in physical form," said Sandeep Parekh, founder, Finsec Law Advisor .
"However, in the current demat format with the settlement happening in two days, this 30-day clause is irrelevant," he added.
The company is listed on both BSE and NSE. Though Sebi, BSE and NSE were parties to the appeal, the argument by Oracle Financial's counsel was based on the NSE listing agreement.
FEATURED ARTICLES

China  India armies to discuss troop withdrawalChina, India armies to discuss troop withdrawal
Shishir Gupta , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 30, 2014
First Published: 00:50 IST(30/9/2014) | Last Updated: 10:10 IST(30/9/2014)
Comments
The Indian Army and Chinese Peoples’ Liberation Army (PLA) divisional commanders are expected to hold a meeting at Spanggur Gap on Tuesday to confirm the withdrawal of troops from both sides to September 1 positions from Demchok and Chumar along the Line of Actual Control (LAC) in Eastern Ladakh.
Authoritative government sources said troop withdrawal from both sides was discussed at the divisional commanders level meeting in Chushul on September 26 and followed by a meeting between external affairs minister Sushma Swaraj and her Chinese counterpart Wang Yi in New York the next day. The troop withdrawal from both sides began at 6.00 am on September 27, even as Swaraj went on record saying that both sides will vacate any transgression on the LAC by September 30. The withdrawal was completed the same day.
Official sources said that both armies conducted an aerial reconnaissance on September 28 to confirm that PLA troops had vacated transgressions on Point 4991, Point 63, Point 30R and Point 5109 in the Chumar sector and Chinese civilians had gone back from Demchok sector.
“Both sides have confirmed the withdrawal by aerial verifications with the Chinese PLA uprooting their tents and going back to their original positions of September 1. The September 30 meeting is being held to undertake a review post-withdrawal and raise outstanding issues, if any,” said a senior Indian official.
One section of the Indian security establishment attributes the PLA incursions during Chinese President Xi Jinping visit to Delhi as a message that the border is still disputed, while Beijing watchers feel that the latest flare-up was part of the tussle within the middle kingdom. According to them, the Chumar incident was a response to President Xi elevating two PLA generals close to him as vice-chairman of the Central Military Commission and head of the military’s disciplinary commission. On September 21, after returning from India, President Xi ensured that the PLA commanders followed his instructions to the last word without any deviation such as Chumar.

Modi restored trust in India  changed perceptions: Mastercard CEOIdol Chat: In conversation with Emraan Hashmi
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

PM Modi keeps away from exquisite food at dinner with US President ObamaOct 01, 2014 at  03:42pm IST
PM Modi keeps away from exquisite food at dinner with US President Obama
21
0
Washington: A spread comprising of compressed avacados, crisped halibut, saffron Basmati rice and salmon were part of the menu for dinner that US President Barack Obama hosted for Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who had only warm water due to his fast.
Though there was a plate put in front of the Prime Minister as per the protocol, he only had warm water and asked rest of the guest not to feel embarrassed and continue with their normal dinner, External Affairs Ministry Spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said.
The dinner was attended by limited number of guests from each side.
The Prime Minister has been observing Navratri fasts for last 40 years and this year it coincided with his five-day US visit from September 26.
#narendra modi #modi meets america #barack obama #modi meets obama
While from the US, Vice-President Joe Biden, Secretary of State William Burns, National Security Advisor Susan Rice, USAID's Rajiv Shah were among the nine guests, Indian delegation had External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj, National Security Advisor Ajit Doval, Indian Ambassador here S Jaishankar and Foreign Secretary Sujatha Singh among others.
The dinner also had mango creme brulee for the guests.
The Prime Minister has been observing Navratri fasts for last 40 years and this year it coincided with his five-day US visit from September 26.

RBI keeps key rates unchanged  warns on inflationRBI keeps key interest rates unchanged, warns on inflation
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 30, 2014  | 12:34 IST
Photo: Reuters
Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan on Tuesday left all key rates unchanged citing increased risks to inflation and difficult external situation especially on the geopolitical front.
This is the fourth consecutive time that the RBI has kept key interest rates unchanged despite clamours from the industry to cut rates to boost economy. The short-term lending rate (repo) rate now stands at 8 per cent, and the cash reserve ratio(CRR) of banks at 4 per cent.
The statutory liquidity ratio (SLR) has also been retained at 22 per cent. Explaining the rationale for status quo policy, Rajan said though Wholesale Price Index (WPI) inflation has ebbed to levels consistent with 8 per cent inflation by January 2015, there are risks from food price shocks as the full effects of the monsoon's passage unfold, and from geo-political developments that could materialise rapidly.
He said that there are uncertainties over food inflation even though 6 per cent retail inflation target by January 2016 remains a possibility. The future policy stance will be influenced by the RBI's projections of inflation relative to the medium term objective of 6 per cent by January 2016, while being contingent on incoming data, Rajan said.
The RBI also retained the growth projection for the current fiscal at 5.5 per cent. The apex bank sees FY16 growth at 6.3 per cent. Stock markets gained on RBI's policy announcement with BSE Sensex trading at 26661.95 points at 11:50 am.

Homeguards take their case to street after betrayal byAAPPrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 30, 2014 11:41 am
After approaching the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP), homeguards in Delhi protested against the termination of their service, with the Delhi Congress alongside them.
The homeguards have alleged that both the BJP and the AAP had failed to keep their promise of extending their contract agreement. “The AAP had said it would protect our jobs. But they betrayed us. And now the BJP has begun hiring new persons,” Delhi Home Guards Sangarsh Samiti president Shri Sanjay Kumar said.
In 1999, the Delhi homeguards were employed on regular duty by the Delhi government. But after 1999, the Delhi government formulated a rule in which their service was fixed for three years. This was later changed in 2008-09, when their service period was extended to five years.
However, Kumar said finding employment after a five-year term was virtually impossible. “There is a high rate of depression among homeguards, with some even committing suicide over no being able to find employment and support themselves,” he said.
According to Delhi Congress president Arvinder Singh Lovely, the party had met the Lt-Governor, urging him to extend the contract of the homeguards who had been hired by the government. “As their contract has now ended, the Delhi administration should extend their contract. But instead of doing so, the government has started recruiting new people,” he said.
On Monday, the homeguards and Congress leaders attempted to protest outside the residence of Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh, but were prevented by the Delhi Police. With over 4,000 homeguards losing their jobs, the Congress promised that the regularisation of their services would be given top priority by the party in its manifesto.
Delhi Congress chief spokesperson Mukesh Sharma alleged that the BJP and the AAP were hand-in-glove.  “Homeguards have worked hard to make Delhi safe, and now with law and order being a top concern, the government can’t just wish them away,” he said.
In a written memorandum requesting the amendment of rules regarding the appointment of homeguards in Delhi, the Congress stated that, “Delhi homeguards, once appointed after completing all the relevant physical and written tests, should be allowed to continue in service till they reach the age of 50-60 years” and alternatively, “their services should be renewed for another five years, after the completion of their initial five-year service contract”.

Narendra Modi gifts Bhagavad Gita toObamaThe Prime Minister had talked about how Gandhi's freedom struggle was driven a 'mass movement' instigated by the Father of the Nation. (Source: MEA Tweet)
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 30, 2014 11:32 am | Updated: September 30, 2014 11:42 am
In his maiden visit to US, Prime Minister Narendra Modi gifted ‘The Bhagavad Gita According to Gandhi’ to US President Barack Obama during a dinner hosted at the White House.
This came after Modi, on Sunday, talked about Mahatma Gandhi and his struggle for India’s independence during a sold-out speech at Madison Square Garden. The Prime Minister had talked about how Gandhi’s freedom struggle was driven a ‘mass movement’ instigated by the Father of the Nation.
A personal gift. PM @narendramodi special gift for Prez @BarackObama pic.twitter.com/qnQG6u0nuF
— Syed Akbaruddin (@MEAIndia) September 30, 2014
He also mentioned of the guiding philosophy ‘inspired’ by Buddha and Mahatma Gandhi as far as India is concerned. “We believe in non-violence,” he said.
As far as India is concerned, we have a guiding philosophy inspired by Buddha and Mahatma Gandhi. We believe in non-violence: PM — PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 29, 2014
Meanwhile, Tulsi Gabbard, the first Hindu ever elected to the US House of Representatives and a Democrat from Hawaii, also gifted a copy of the Gita to PM Narendra Modi during the meet.
. @narendramodi Gita I gave u I had since child, took shelter of in Mid East war zone duty, took Congressional Oath on http://t.co/A9G46TtBb9 — Tulsi Gabbard (@TulsiGabbard) September 29, 2014
PM Modi shows a deep connection with the Gita. Also in his visit to Japan this month he gifted a copy of ‘Bhagavad Gita’ to Japanese Emperor Akihito.

Suspended IAS officer Sharma arrested over corruptionchargePrint
Written by Hiral Devrajbhai Dave | Ahmedabad | Posted: September 30, 2014 11:20 am | Updated: October 1, 2014 1:14 am
Suspended IAS officer Pradeep Sharma was arrested from his Ahmedabad residence in wee hours of Tuesday in connection with corruption charges in a land given to a corrugated boxes manufacturing company in Kutch where in his wife has also been a partner.
Sharma, who recently had moved court to file an FIR against PM Narendra Modi and BJP chief Amit Shah for allegedly snooping him and a woman architect, alleged that he had been manipulated by former Additional Chief Secretary P Pannervel, whose wife is 50 per cent partner in the company named Value Packaging.
Sharma, who in courts has alleged that a total of five corruption cases against him was revenge campaign by the former Gujarat chief minister Modi, was picked up by ACB team from his mother’s house in Ahmedabad around 2.30 am and till last reports came in he was kept in house arrest at his Gandhinagar residence.
All the five cases were registered in Kutch where he served as collector after the 2001 earthquake. Sharma, who was arrested in 2010 from his official residence as Bhavnagar Municipal Commissioner, was released in 2013 on bail. He faced arrest one after another in five cases.
Speaking to The Indian Express Sharma called it a conspiracy.

Hamas  Islamic State group branches of same poisonous tree :NetanyahuBenjamin Netanyahu, Prime Minister of Israel, holds up a picture of an alleged Hamas rocket launcher surrounded by children while speaking during the 69th session of the United Nations General Assembly at U.N. headquarters, Monday, Sept. 29, 2014. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | United Nations | Posted: September 30, 2014 11:14 am | Updated: September 30, 2014 11:36 am
In a blistering speech to the United Nations, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu warned on Monday that Hamas and the Islamic State group are “branches of the same poisonous tree,” both bent on world domination through terror, just as the Nazis were.
Netanyahu also lashed back at Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas, who accused Israel last week of carrying out war crimes and waging a “war of genocide” during the fighting in Gaza. Netanyahu said Hamas committed “the real war crimes” in Gaza by using Palestinian civilians as human shields.
Addressing the U.N. General Assembly’s annual ministerial meeting, the Israeli leader argued that Israel’s fight against Hamas and the U.S. military campaign against the Islamic State are part of the same cause — the defeat of Islamic extremism.
Netanyahu railed against world leaders for simultaneously condemning the Jewish state for its war with Hamas and praising President Barack Obama for attacking Islamic State militants and other extremists in Syria and Iraq.
“They evidently don’t understand that ISIS and Hamas are branches of the same poisonous tree,” the prime minister said, referring to the Islamic State group by one of its acronyms. He added: “When it comes to its ultimate goals, Hamas is ISIS, and ISIS is Hamas.”
Netanyahu said ISIS and Hamas, as well as other Muslim extremist movements, from al-Qaida and Nigeria’s Boko Haram to Somalia’s al-Shabab and Lebanon’s Hezbollah, share the goal of imposing militant Islam on the world. He likened them to “another fanatic ideology that swept into power eight decades ago” — Nazism.
To protect global peace and security, he said, “we must remove this cancer before it’s too late.”
Turning to another regional enemy, Netanyahu warned that the gravest threat to the world today is the danger of Iran obtaining nuclear weapons. “It’s one thing to confront militant Islamists on pickup trucks, armed with Kalashnikov rifles. It’s another thing to confront militant Islamists armed with weapons of mass destruction,” he said.
Netanyahu said Iranian President Hassan Rouhani’s condemnation of the spread of terrorism last week amounted to “one of history’s greatest displays of doubletalk.”
He accused Iran itself of mounting terrorist attacks all around the world, and lumped the country in with Islamic extremist movements. “To say that Iran doesn’t practice terrorism is like saying Derek Jeter never played shortstop for the New York Yankees,” he said.
Netanyahu criticized the efforts of six world powers to reach a nuclear deal with Iran, saying: “To defeat ISIS and leave Iran as a threshold nuclear power is to continued…

BSE Sensex  Nifty Turn Flat As RBI Keeps Rate on HoldYou are here: Home Market
BSE Sensex, Nifty Turn Flat As RBI Keeps Rate on Hold
NDTV | Updated On: September 30, 2014 11:46 (IST)
Markets to Track Winter Session Action: Experts
The BSE Sensex and Nifty turned flat after the Reserve Bank of India kept the key policy rates unchanged, which was mostly on expected lines.
The Sensex was down 9 points at 26,588 whereas the Nifty traded 0.06 per cent lower at 7,964.90 as of 11.12 a.m.
The rate sensitive sectors like banks, and realty fell marginally. Bank Nifty was down 0.3 per cent, and CNX Realty index was down 0.26 per cent. However the CNX Auto index was up 0.62 per cent.
Reserve Bank of India on Tuesday kept the repo rate unchanged at 8 per cent, CRR at 4 per cent and the reverse repo rate at 7%. The Reserve Bank also maintained status quo on SLR rated.
However the RBI said, it would cut the ceiling on bonds that must be kept under the held-to-maturity (HTM) category from the current 24 percent to 22 percent in stages starting in the bi-weekly cycle beginning in January 10, 2015.
The RBI's credit policy was mostly on expected lines as 43 out of the 46 economist surveyed by Reuters have expected RBI to keep rates unchanged.
Among the defensives CNX Pharma index was up 0.85 per cent whereas the IT index was down 0.44 per cent.
Out of the 50 stocks in Nifty 21 stocks advanced and 29 stocks declined. HDIL was the top gainer in Nifty with 1.97 per cent gains followed by Bajaj Auto. DLF and Power Grid Corporation were the top loser in Nifty which were down between 1.5 to 2 per cent each.
In the broader market, the BSE Mid-cap and Small-cap indices were up 0.50 per cent and 0.45 per cent respectively outperforming the Nifty and Sensex.
Story first published on: September 30, 2014 11:41 (IST)

LCC Infotech: Outcome of AGMSep 30, 2014, 11.25 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
LCC Infotech: Outcome of AGM
LCC Infotech Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the minutes of the proceedings of the 28th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 24, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
LCC Infotech: Outcome of AGM
LCC Infotech Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the minutes of the proceedings of the 28th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 24, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
LCC Infotech Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the minutes of the proceedings of the 28th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 24, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Keeping inflation in mind  RBI keeps key interest rate unchangedKeeping inflation in mind  RBI keeps key interest rate unchanged
India-US can work towards improving defence tech: VaishnavIndia-US can work towards improving defence tech: Vaishnav
Democracy protestors ignore HK leader s call to end demoDemocracy protestors ignore HK leader s call to end demo
China s final HSBC PMI steady at 50.2 in September but down from flash estimateChina s final HSBC PMI steady at 50.2 in September but down from flash estimate
Rupee remains weak against dollar  no impact of RBI policyRupee remains weak against dollar  no impact of RBI policy
Narendra Modi goofs up on Mahatma Gandhi  Congress showers tauntsNarendra Modi goofs up on Mahatma Gandhi  Congress showers taunts
RBI Guv Raghuram Rajan keeps interest rate unchanged  retains growth projection at 5.5 pctE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Markets rangebound after RBI keeps policy rates unchangedSensex up 100 points; Rate sensitive stocks gain
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 30, 2014 12:20 PM IST
Benchmark indices have recovered from the day’s low and are trading higher in the noon trades led by rate sensitive stocks including HDFC twins, Maruti Suzuki and L&T contributing nearly 100 points to the rise on the 30-share Sensex post the RBI monetary policy.
 
At 12.20 PM, the 30-share Sensex is up 100 points at 26,704 and 50-share Nifty is up 30 points at 7,989.
 
In the broader market, the BSE Mid-cap and Small-cap indices are outperforming the large counterparts and are up by 0.7% each.
 
The market breadth is positive on the BSE with 1,482 shares advancing and 1,017 shares declining.
 
Buzzing Stocks:
 
HDFC, Sun Pharma, Maruti Suzuki, L&T and Cipla are the top five stocks on the BSE trading higher between 1.5-3%.
 
Larsen and Toubro (L&T) has moved higher by 2% to Rs 1,490 after the company said it has won new orders worth Rs 1,423 crore across various business segments in September 2014, including order from Lucknow Metro Rail Corporation.
 
Shares of interest-rate sensitive such as realty, auto and bank stocks are trading higher after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) left rates unchanged for the fourth straight time while reviewing the Monetary Policy today. HDFC twins, Maruti Suzuki, Bajaj Auto, Hero Motocorp, L&T and BHEL have gained between 1-3%.
____________________________________________________________
(updated at 11.25 AM)
Markets are swinging between the positive and negative territory after the RBI kept the repo rate and CRR unchanged at its monetary policy review today.
 
At 11:25AM, the 30-share Sensex is up 28 points at 26,625 and 50-share Nifty is up 6 points at 7,965.
In the broader market, the BSE Mid-cap and Small-cap indices are outperforming the large counterparts and are up by 0.4% each.
 
The market breadth is positive on the BSE with 1,340 shares advancing and 1,014 shares declining.
 
Rupee:
 
The rupee has weakened by nine paise to trade at a fresh seven-month low of 61.6 against the dollar in early trade at the Interbank Foreign Exchange market today following increased demand for the US currency from importers post the RBI monetary policy.
 
Global Markets:
 
Asian markets were in hesitant mood on Tuesday as investors wondered what China's response would be to civil unrest in Hong Kong, while the U.S. dollar was on track to post its biggest monthly gain in well over a year.
 
The unrest was an added complication for investors amid long-standing concerns about the health of China's economy.
 
An HSBC survey of manufacturing (PMI) for September disappointed slightly by showing a final reading of 50.2, steady on August but down from its preliminary 50.5.
 
Hong Kong's Hang Seng Index shed another 0.9% to its lowest in three months. MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan lost 0.5% having already fallen sharply on Monday.
 
US stocks ended lower on Monday following protests in Hong Kong that added to worries about Chinese growth. The Dow Jones Industrial average fell 0.25%, to 17,071; the S&P 500 lost 0.25%, to 1,978; and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 0.14%, to 4,506.
 
Sectors & Stocks:
 
On the sectoral front, BSE Consumer Durables is the top gaining index up 1.5% followed by Capital Goods, Healthcare and Auto indices trading higher up to 1%. However, BSE IT, Metal, Oil & Gas and Power indices are losing sheen. Bankex and Realty index are trading flat.
 
Shares of metal companies are trading lower up to 2% on the NSE after China's factory sector posted lower than expected HSBC/Markit Manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index(PMI) quoting at 50.2 in September, unchanged from the August reading which was a three-month low.
 
Tata Steel, Jindal Steel, Hindalco, Jindal Steel, JSW Steel and Coal India are down 1-2% on the National Stock Exchange(NSE).
 
Oil and Gas majors RIL and GAIL are trading lower between 0.5-1%. However, ONGC is trading flat with a negative bias.
 
Financial stocks are trading lower after the RBI kept the interest rates steady at its policy review.  ICICI Bank, SBI and Axis Bank are down between 0.5-1%.
 
The technology pack which zoomed yesterday on the back of firm US GDP growth is down in today’s trade on account of profit taking. TCS, Wipro and Infosys have lost between 0.3-1%.
 
M&M and ITC are some of the notable losers on the BSE.
 
On the flip side, pharma shares which generate most of their revenues from exports are trading higher on the back of a weakening rupee against the US dollar are trading higher today. Sun Pharma, Cipla and Dr Reddy’s Lab are trading higher between 0.5-1.5%.
 
Fresh buying is evident in the auto space. Bajaj Auto, Hero Motocorp, Maruti Suzuki and Tata Motors have gained between 0.5-1.5%.
 
Engineering conglomerate L&T has surged nearly 1%. 
 
Tata Power, NTPC and Sesa Sterlite are some of the prominent names in green among others.
 
Among other shares, Sterlite Technologies has surged 2% following the announcement of a Joint-Venture agreement with VISCAS Corporation, a leading Japanese company on September, 29 2014.
 
Shares of PC Jeweller are trading nearly 5% higher at Rs 235 on the BSE after e-commerce portal Flipkart joined hands with the company in order to create a platform for online jewellery shopping.     
 

Jeff Bezos: With $1 bn in a year  team India is fabulousAlibaba
(Amazon’s main rivals…)
BANGALORE: India has surpassed the highest expectations for Amazon, the company's founder and CEO Jeff Bezos said, promising to keep the money tap open for a business that he announced has sold goods worth more than $1 billion (Rs 6,000 crore) in just over a year of operations.
"We had very high expectations and this team has blown past our highest expectations... It's going extraordinarily well," said Bezos, 50, who is making his second visit to India and his first after Amazon launched its India retail business in June 2013. "The results are very good. Now that's why we are doubling down our investments... If there is an opportunity to invest more, we will. We are not capital-constrained, we are ideas-constrained," he told ET in an interview.
In July, Bezos committed to invest $2 billion in India, just a day after India's biggest online retailer Flipkart announced $1 billion in funding, setting the stage for a battle for top honours in a market that retail advisory Technopak expects to be worth $32 billion (Rs 1.9 lakh crore) by 2020.
With an estimated net worth of $30 billion, Bezos is one of the world's richest men and India is crucial to his plans for Amazon, given the country's size and potential, and especially since it has failed to make much headway in China.
Unfazed by Alibaba
His company launched relatively late in this country. Amazon's share price has fallen by around 20% on the Nasdaq this year, and China's Alibaba is flush with cash after its IPO and ready to challenge Bezos around the world, including India. But Bezos, who swears by the credo of long-term thinking, is unfazed.
"Judging just based on results, I would say we have come exactly at the right time," Bezos said in response to a question about whether he has left India until too late, and let out a full-throated guffaw, one of several that punctuated the 40-minute interview.
Amazon's main rivals in India are Bangalore-based Flipkart and Snapdeal , the Delhi-based company that counts eBay , Azim Premji and Ratan Tata as investors. Together, they have sold goods worth more than $4 billion, with Flipkart alone estimated to have crossed $2 billion. Alibaba, too, is keen on India, and the Chinese company has the money, experience and ambition to succeed here.
Does Alibaba's $25-billion IPO earlier this month put Bezos under added pressure? "If so, I haven't felt it," he said, bellowing once again with laughter and reiterating his focus on good business results over the long term.
Asked what was his message for Sachin Bansal and Binny Bansal of Flipkart (both former employees of Amazon India) especially after it appeared to have tauntingly welcomed him with giant billboards across Bangalore, including one outside the Sheraton hotel where he is staying, announcing its upcoming 'Big Billion Day' sale, Bezos refused to be drawn to speak about competition.
"I have this long-standing practice about not talking about other companies. We have a somewhat unusual or rather unique approach of mostly ignoring our competitors," he said.
With revenue of nearly $75 billion in 2013 and a market value of $150 billion, Amazon is best-known as an online retailer. But it also runs a fastgrowing cloud computing business called Amazon Web Services and makes Kindle tablets and Fire smartphones. Bezos, in his personal capacity, bought The Washington Post newspaper last year. In India, Amazon started its technology operation first and employs a total of about 12,000 staff at offices in Bangalore, Hyderabad, Chennai and Delhi.
Dressed casually in beige trousers and a light blue shirt, Bezos was unstinting in his praise for country head Amit Agarwal, whose team has made sure that India is the fastest country to reach $1 billion in gross sales for Amazon. "He is going to blush because I am going to say so many good things," Bezos at the start of the interview said about his former technical advisor at Seattle headquarters.
Some of the innovations by the India operation are being exported to the rest of the world, Bezos said, pointing to its 'Easy Ship' service of delivering goods for sellers who don't stock their products with Amazon.
"I am super excited," he said. Traditionally, Amazon has grown organically but it is open to acquisitions in India, Bezos said, as he spoke of the Indian operation along with AWS, Kindle and fashion as the company's new frontiers. "Mostly we grow organically and that's true in India. But if there are opportunities to do acquisitions, we'll always consider."
Asked whether India's marketplace-based e-retailing model was a bother - Amazon operates an inventory-based model at home - Bezos said his company had no issues whatsoever, dispelling a perception that the Indian system was an irritant and he would lobby with the government during this visit to change it. "Our marketplace model is working phenomenally well... I always tell my team that whatever the rules are, we are the ones who would have to adapt to the local rules," he said.
Some five years ago, Bezos made a quiet two-week visit to India, allocating the first half of his trip for business and rest for leisure. The father of four took his nine-year-old son to the main tourist attractions, including the Taj Mahal in Agra and Varanasi, a city now represented in the Lok Sabha by Prime Minister Narendra Modi .
"I find India and the people not just energetic but personally energising," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

We ignore our competitors  never felt pressure from Alibaba s rise: BezosAlibaba
(This is a huge industry,…)
Internet retailing pioneer Jeff Bezos, in India on his second visit, has done what a visiting dignitary does — pose in Indian attire and stand atop a truck. In between practised answers that sidestep queries on rivals, his trademark loud guffaws and signing copies of an unauthorised biography, Bezos speaks to ET's Santosh Menon, Karthik Subbaraman and Pankaj Mishra about his India bet and how it has surpassed his wildest expectations. Edited excerpts:
What brings you to India now?
I'm here to celebrate our first year of Amazon India. This is, you know, an outsized early success... You know we had very high expectations and this team has here blown past all our highest expectations and they have to keep on resetting internally our higher set of expectations. The business here is going extremely well. And so I wanted to come here and thank the team.
In hindsight, do you feel that you were late in starting operations here?
It's a very interesting question. Judging, just based on results, I would say we have come exactly at the right time (laughs).
You are not alone in having this heady success. Your rivals too seem to have it too.
In general, one of the things of ecommerce is that there is room for lot of winners. This is huge industry, and all over the world where we do business, there are a lot of winners. And India would be the same.
What is your message for Sachin and Binny Bansal of Flipkart, both of whom are former Amazon India employees and now run your biggest rival?
I have this long-standing practice about not talking about other companies. We have a somewhat unusual approach of mostly ignoring our competitors (laughs). Our annual planning process does not even talk about competitors. There are some companies where the whole planning process starts with who their top three competitors are and they develop strategies to deal with them.
When you wake up in the morning and you are in the shower, are you thinking about how you are going to best your competitor or conquer this company or that company? Or as we do, you can wake up in the morning and be motivated by how we are going to invent the next big thing. Both approaches can be successful. We have just made it a practice of not obsessing over and thinking much of competitors. Our approach seems to have worked very well for us. I wake up and shower thinking about customer experience, thinking about how we are going to invent the next big thing for customers, how we can improve every day. So that is our culture.
You just mentioned how your India business has surpassed your expectations...
Far surpassed. If you would have asked me a year ago, 'What are your expectations from India?' I would have said we are very optimistic. But now I would say it's already working. The results are very good. Now that's why we are doubling down our investments. We like to plant seeds. And some of the seeds grow into big trees. But when something is working we like to double down. And that's what's happening here in India. It's going extraordinarily well.
There are certain things that are very unique in India. There are so many small and medium businesses. It's unusual. It's such a huge opportunity. So these guys have developed some inventions for them that actually we may have to export back to the rest of the word. With things like Easy Ship-- they are facilitating offline sellers, small physical stores. They (Amazon India team) are making it really easy by building the right infrastructure and toolsets for these companies (SMEs) to participate in the digital economy. I am super excited!
Is there a financial milestone that India business has crossed like a billion dollars ?
We set and surpassed a billion dollars. So we had to reset everything. We had to reset everything much higher.
How much is the new goal?
I don't know whether we going to talk about it. But internally we have new goals which are much bigger. This is growing very fast. That is why am very grateful to the team and also very grateful to the customers.
You announced $2 billion of investment in India. Are you going to double that number anytime soon?
I have this belief that when things are working you should keep funding them. There is so much we can do here (in India) in terms of infrastructure, in terms of investing in mobile. Mobile is important in all of the world but it's especially important in India.
There is so much you can do with transportation and logistics--a lot of tools that we can build for small and medium businesses to connect back to the customers. So I am very, very excited about that. So if there is an opportunity to invest more we will. We are not capital-constrained. We are ideas-constrained--about what the new idea will be.
You say India has far surpassed your expectations. But is your India business making any money?

When Amazon s CEO Jeff Bezos came callingWhen Amazon's CEO Jeff Bezos came calling
By ET Bureau | 29 Sep, 2014, 05.16AM IST
The company has booked 19 rooms and suites at Sheraton at Brigade Gateway, where Bezos is staying. Sheraton is located in the same integrated community as Amazon's Bangalore office.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BANGALORE: It's not every day that the top boss comes calling, but when the CEO is Jeff Bezos it's bound to cause quite a stir. Amazon's Bangalore office is abuzz as the man, viewed by many as a 'visionary leader', arrives on a trip that has the attention of all and sundry.
A large contingent of Amazon global executives have descended on Bangalore, along with senior executives from other India offices. The company has booked 19 rooms and suites at Sheraton at Brigade Gateway , where Bezos is staying. Sheraton is located in the same integrated community as Amazon's Bangalore office.
The Amazon office is spread on multiple levels at the World Trade Center , which has 32 levels comprising over 1 million square feet of office space. Bezos, therefore, won't have to step out of Sheraton to go to the office.
At Sheraton, Bezos is staying at the presidential suite, a 238-square-metre luxury suite with a master bedroom, separate living and dining spaces done up in earth tones, and costing Rs 74,000 a night. Amazon has also blocked rooms at Fairfield by Marriott Bengaluru at Rajajinagar, that's located at a distance of about 4 km from the Sheraton. Both Amazon and Sheraton declined to comment on any of this.
On Sunday, Bezos had luncheon with about 100 customers with guffaws, punctuating the conversation, for which he's famous for, Twitter posts reveal. The initiative was called Amazon OneonOne.
Employees, ET has learnt, are looking forward to Bezos' interaction with them at an 'All Hands' meeting on Monday.
Sources said employees have been asked to send in questions they'd like to ask the CEO. He would try to answer as many as possible. The agenda for this meeting is unknown.
Additionally, Amazon's team has set aside 90 minutes in Bezos' schedule on Monday to meet business heads and others. This will happen at ITC Gardenia in the heart of Bangalore.
According to people in the know, one major topic of discussion when Bezos meets his India lieutenants will be on how to sharpen the company's acquisition strategy. Amazon recently brought on board Abhijit Muzumder, who was earlier with venture capital firm Bessemer Partners, to lead the online retail giant's private equity investments and strategic acquisitions in India and South East Asia.
Apart from these meetings, Bezos and his top team in India are expected to thrash out various details relating to tie-ups with other consumer internet companies— a meeting that's believed to be scheduled late at night, given his tight schedule.
Likely on the agenda, is Junglee.
com, the price comparison website purchased by Amazon to enter India that was recently converted into a marketplace platform by the online retailer.
In Bangalore, Bezos signed a large sized cheque of $2 billion (Rs 12,000 crore) and got himself clicked for a photo opportunity to show his capital commitment to India. It also invited its 'special' Indian customers for a tetea-tete with Bezos.
Unlike other multinational CEOs who meet the IT minister or prime minister on their first visit to India, Bezos is likely to break the protocol. As per sources, Communications and IT Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad has no set meeting with Bezos on Monday. In Delhi, Amazon Web Services office is located within 500 metres of Sheraton Saket Hotel.
However it's yet to be ascertained whether Bezos will stay there or in ITC Maurya. With Flipkart plastering Bangalore with massive hoardings for the One Billion Day campaign, Amazon officials have started buying hoarding inventory in Delhi ahead of Bezos' visit to the city on Tuesday. "They want Jeff Bezos to see massive Amazon hoardings on the drive from Delhi airport to the city," said a person, who declined to be named.

The husband-wife duo with 100% success rate in start-up worldEntrepreneurship
(They are investors, mentors…)
This is the best office we have had," he lets on. As you enter the three-storied building in Domlur, a suburb in Bangalore, you're tempted to wonder whether K Ganesh, one half of India's most successful serial entrepreneur couple, is pulling a fast one — a narrow staircase, a cramped reception, and a virtually bare cabin small enough to remind you about those 'yo mama' jokes (yo mama's house is so small she eats her meals off a dime) rather than the cool start-up offices you're accustomed to reading about (casual seating, snack-filled kitchens, gaming spaces, graffiti-ed walls et al).
It's only a board pinned casually on the wall that assures you that you're in the right place; at what is clearly the right time for the 52-year-old Ganesh, and his 51-year-old wife Meena: It reads: 'Portea, Homelane, Bigbasket, Bluestone, Avagmah'.
That, in a line, sums up the uniqueness of the Ganeshes' entrepreneurial journey: five scorching start-ups in various stages of growth that the husband-wife duo are nurturing — as passionately and obsessively as they had reared four other ventures since the early '90s that they have now exited, and made a cool stash in the process (see The Exits).
The last exit was easily the biggest, when in 2011 Pearson acquired TutorVista, which the Ganeshes set up in 2006 with an investment of Rs 50 lakh. Pearson acquired the online tutoring firm for Rs 1,000 crore. Even as they stoke the growth fires at their five startups that are currently in play, another five are in stealth mode; at least three of those are set for a launch before the year-end. One of them is a start-up called Freshgrub, which will supply meals and ready-to-eat foods to homes and offices.
Angel Investors, Too
That's a lot on their plate, right? But that's not all. Alongside, the Ganeshes also find time to play angel investor in at least 23 start-ups, at last count. These range from Little Eye Labs, which builds performance analysis and monitoring tools, and which was acquired by Facebook; to OnlinePrasad. com, which home-delivers prasad from some 50 temples.
Say hello to the couple that has its hands full investing, strategizing, managing, mentoring — and, of course, exiting when the iron is hot. Executives in the venture capital and private equity industry peg the success rate of the start-ups the Ganeshes have been involved in at an astounding 100%; the global start-up success rate in contrast is just 5%. Small wonder then the Ganeshes have a few of India's biggest and most respected industrialists buying into their ventures.
Consider one of them: in the July of 2014, the chairman emeritus of one of the India's biggest conglomerates met the CEO of Blue-Stone.com, an online fine jewellery portal that the Ganeshes flagged off in 2012. "We met him. He got very interested. He liked BlueStone's business model — a one-stop shop for jewellery design, manufacturing and retailing which helps it cut middle men and offer better business margins," says Blue-Stone CEO Gaurav Singh Kushwaha.
 
After another meeting, the 76-year-old industrialist agreed to become co-investor along with private equity firms like Accel Partners, Sama Capital and Kalaari Capital. Oh, and in case you haven't guessed by now who this investor is, it's a certain Ratan Naval Tata.
Along with investors, the Ganeshes also have their fans amongst the doyens of India Inc. Take, for instance, Shiv Nadar, founder of HCL, with whom Ganesh worked in the early days of his career, in the mid to late '80s.
"I believe that a successful entrepreneur is one who is able to make the most of a particular environment — identify opportunities and create solutions. Ganesh's sharp knack to connect the dots allows him to create something new and relevant all the time," explains the chairman of HCL and the Shiv Nadar Foundation.
What particularly sets him apart is his ability to constantly accept feedback — to assess, reassess and introspect continuously and remain positive, he adds. "Both he and Meena are very quick thinkers too."
Midas Touch
Some of those qualities were in ample evidence when, last August, the Ganeshes launched a home healthcare services company called Portea Medical. Today, that company has a workforce of over 1,000, a presence in 18 cities and makes over 25,000 home visits a month. That's impressive enough for three investors — Ventureast, Accel and Qualcomm Ventures — to come aboard.
"The way they planned Portea and scaled it up so quickly is impressive," says Infosys co-founder Nandan Nilekani. "What is also impressive is that they enter a new field, put together a team and inevitably become successful in whichever area they get into," he adds.

Gold may fall further  despite upcoming festive seasonWhy gold is likely to fall further, despite the upcoming festive season
Narendra Nathan, ET Bureau Sep 29, 2014, 08.00AM IST
Tags:
bearish
Traditionally, gold has been the preferred asset for Indian investors and the clamour for the yellow metal increases every year during festivities as it is also considered auspicious.
The decade-long rally between 2002 and 2011 was another trigger for the investor community to flock the gold market in recent times. But now that it has started giving up some of its gains, is it time to lower your exposure to gold? Or, should you buy more as the Indian gold market is trending lower with the yellow metal hitting a 14-month low, down 9% year-onyear?
Well, like any other asset class, your investment decisions in gold would depend on where it is headed in the near-to-medium term. And, to find out whether it will be in its shining best or its glitter is on the wane, one needs to consider a host of global and domestic factors.
Fed's action
Since international gold is traded in US dollar, the Federal Reserve's action on quantitative easing will set the trend for gold prices in the near-term.
To stimulate the sagging economy, the US Fed had kept interest rates at near-zero levels and had flooded the global financial system with additional liquidity by buying bonds from the market. The move had kept the dollar range-bound at lower levels.
 
Now that the US economy is showing signs of a recovery, the US central bank has started cutting back on its quantitative easing programme and is expected to complete the exercise in its next meeting. If it goes head with its plans, the value of the dollar is expected to rise and, as a consequence, gold prices might plunge.
However, the uncertainty surrounding the Fed's action on increasing interest rates has led to speculations in the market and has proved to be more damaging than the impact of the an actual rate hike as and when it happens.
Impact of rupee and import duty Since we buy gold in rupee, its movement against the US dollar will set the tone for the Indian gold consumer and investor.
"International gold prices fall when dollar becomes strong, but the dollar also gains against currencies, including the Indian rupee," says Jayant Manglik, president, retail distribution, Religare Securities. And this dollar-rupee dynamics explain why domestic gold prices are down by only 19%, despite international gold prices falling by over 35% from its all-time peak.
 
"The dollar may strengthen further due to the expected US Fed action, but its impact on the Indian rupee will be limited because the RBI is well prepared this time," says Namdev Chougule, executive director and head of fixed income, JP Morgan AMC.
Significant dollar inflows into the India equity and debt markets, may also increase once the FDI pipeline gets cleared by the Centre. With the domestic economy picking up, the probability of a rating upgrade is also helping the Indian rupee. And that explains why the rupee remained relatively stable despite the dollar's appreciation against other world currencies over the last two months.
The other factor that has influenced gold prices is the government's decision to raise import duty from 2% to 10% and the RBI move to curb gold imports by imposing the 20:80 gold import scheme, where importers had to export at least 20% of the gold imported.
If both the government and the RBI decides to withdraw these measures, gold prices will plunge further. However, such actions may still be a few months away. "Import duty cut on gold is not expected before the next budget (February 2015) and the import restrictions imposed by RBI may also remain till that time," says Kishore Narne, associate director, Motilal Oswal Commodities Broker.
What you must do
With most economic indicators not favouring the yellow metal, it seems to be on a downhill journey. "International gold prices is heading lower and may go down to $1,000 in the next 6-9 months," says Praveen Singh, senior commodities analyst, Sharekhan. Agrees Narne: "Rising interest rates is bad news for gold. With other asset classes doing well, investors are moving out of gold."
And, this explains the constant redemption pressure on SPDR Gold Shares, the largest gold ETF in the world. The value of holding has fallen by 43% from its all-time high and is now at the lowest levels since 2008. The central bankers' sudden rush to buy gold also seems to be ending.
"No major central banks are buying gold now," says C P Krishnan, whole time director, Geojit Comtrade. A similar trend has been witnessed in India as well.
"Investors are expecting further price fall and, therefore, investment demand is lower. The rally in the stock market is another reason why investors are moving away from gold," says Hasmukh Bafna, president, Gold Chains & Jewellery Wholesalers Welfare Association.
But, should you sell your gold now? No, says experts. "Gold prices usually go up during Diwali, so don't sell it right now," says Sudip Bandyopadhyay, president, Destimoney Securities.

Silver has fallen 60% from its peak; Time to investSilver's sharp fall, rising industrial demand makes it better investment bet than gold
Narendra Nathan, ET Bureau Sep 29, 2014, 03.00AM IST
Tags:
Geojit Comtrade
(Analysts believe the poorer…)
MUMBAI: If you plan to invest in the yellow metal because prices are down, remember all that glitters is not gold. A sharper fall in prices and rising industrial demand have made silver a better investment.
Analysts believe the poorer cousin of gold could give higher returns in the coming months. While the international price of gold has fallen 35% from its peak, silver is down by more than 60% from its all-time high level.
In the domestic market, the import duty and other taxes on gold have buoyed the price of the yellow metal. In the past six months, gold has fallen 5.97% toRs 27,100 per 10 gms while silver is down 10.48% to Rs 39,025 per kg.
Global gold prices are currently close to 69 times the price of silver, much above the 10-year average of 57.75 times. So the risk-reward ratio is more in favour of silver.
On the other hand, analysts believe gold could go down further in the international market. After keeping interest rates close to zero for more than five years, the US Fed has hinted at an increase."A rising interest rate regime is bad for gold. With other asset classes doing well, investors are moving out of gold also," says Kishore Narne, associate director, Motilal Oswal Commodities Broker.
"International gold prices may go down to $1,000 in the next 6-9 months," says Praveen Singh, senior commodities analyst, Sharekhan.
Will this drag down silver prices as well? It could, but analysts believe the fall will not be as sharp. Silver prices have already been beaten down significantly, leaving little space for a further fall. The gold-silver ratio (price of gold as a multiple of price of silver) peaked at 85 in October 2008 and hit a low of 32 in April 2011 (see chart above).
The demand for silver is also very different from that of gold. "Unlike gold which is used as jewellery or held as an investment , silver has industrial uses as well," points out CP Krishnan, whole-time director, Geojit Comtrade .
Trace amounts of silver are found in virtually every electronic device, including smart phones and tablets. It is a crucial element in manufacturing the photovoltaic cells used in solar panels. "With around 60% of the global demand coming from industrial use, the expected global economic pick-up is good news for silver," says Sudip Bandyopadhyay, president, Destimoney Securities.
The increased industrial demand may cushion silver from the expected fall in gold prices in the coming months.
The production pattern of gold and silver also favours silver in the long term. Though there is 17 times more silver than gold in the world, almost the entire production of gold is hoarded as bars, coins and jewellery. This gold can make its way to the market at any time. On the other hand, 60% of the silver production that goes into industrial consumption doesn't come back. Recycling the trace amounts that go into each device is not economically feasible.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Driven by demand gold imports likely to double this OctoberDriven by demand gold imports likely to double this October
Sutanuka Ghosal, ET Bureau Sep 29, 2014, 07.08AM IST
Tags:
bullion
(However, if the capital…)
KOLKATA: India's gold imports are likely to double in October, driven by demand from consumers who purchase jewellery during the festival season. But investment demand, usually in the form of coins and bars, is likely to be less this year, which in turn may reduce the volume of gold entering the country through illegal routes, say industry executives.
The bullion industry pegs gold imports at 80 tonnes next month.
"Last year during October, we had imported around 35-40 tonnes of gold. Gold availability was under pressure due to the 80:20 rule," Prithviraj Kothari, vice-president of the Indian Bullion & Jewellery Association, told ET.
"But now the process of getting gold has eased and we are expecting 80 tonnes of gold imports as there is demand for the yellow metal in the market."
The 80:20 rule was introduced last year to reduce gold imports, which were straining the country's current account. Under the rule, agencies that import gold have to ensure that 20% of the shipment is exported after adding value, such as by turning them into jewellery. This led to the agencies slowing down imports, as they weren't sure how to ensure the export requirement, leading to a drop in gold availability in the local market. This rule, and a 10% import duty on gold, have also led to an increase in gold smuggling.
According to Kothari, entry of gold through illegal routes gathers momentum if there is a sudden surge among investors for the yellow metal. If investors sense that gold will generate good returns they start putting in money in gold.
But as of now investors are not finding gold as an attractive investment option vis-a-vis equity though the equity market has slipped this week, he said.
Investment demand for gold has dropped by 67% from a year earlier to 49.6 tonnes during the second quarter of 2014, according to the World Gold Council. However, if the capital market enters into a bearish phase, then investors may start looking at gold again, said industry executives.
"In that case, there will be pressure on the supply side which may see premium on gold going up ... which may then result in entry of gold through the illegal route as this gold carries very little premium," said Bachhraj Bamalwa, a member of the All India Gem & Jewellery Trade Federation. "At present, gold through the official route is commanding a premium of $7 per troy ounce, which is lowest in recent times."
Premium is what bulk buyers pay for immediate delivery of the metal.
Bamalwa expects gold imports to total 70-80 tonnes this October.
He said at present, the ratio between gold jewellery and investment demand is 90:10, which means most of the gold buying is in the form of jewellery. According to analysts, gold will not give much return in the near term as internationally prices are dropping. "If someone wants to invest for the long term, say for a year, then he can expect some return. That is why there is very less demand for gold in the market," said Hareesh V, senior analyst at Geojit Comtrade .
"Investors across the globe are on a wait and watch mode. Prices in India could have been lesser if the rupee had not weakened against the dollar," Hareesh added.In the international market, gold may drop below $1,200 level, and may fall to as low as $1,180 mark, analysts said. In the local physical market, gold was trading at Rs 27,000 per 10 gms.
"There is demand for gold jewellery and people are keen to buy at this price level," said Saurabh Gadgil, director of Pune-based jewellery firm PN Gadgil .
FEATURED ARTICLES

How Ajay Kolla raised Rs 22 cr from Rs 30 lakh ventureAjay Kolla
(Ajay Kolla started a forum…)
I come from a family of farmers in Guntur district in Andhra Pradesh. My parents wanted me to become an engineer, so I did a course in electronics and electrical engineering from Vijayawada. After completing my studies in 2007, I joined Infotech Enterprise, a private IT firm, as a trainee. In 2009, I left the firm and joined TCS.
For scores of IT professionals, 2008 was a horrendous year. Thousands of them lost their jobs due to the global slowdown. It was around this time, I started a Google group, TSNV Jobs, to help my out-of-work friends get placed by posting vacancies on the platform. What started as a limited initiative for my friends, became a big hit. Many others started adding their details on the group. Between 2008 and 2010, TSNV Jobs helped nearly 20,000 people get placed. I saw a business opportunity. I had around Rs 10 lakh in savings, and I raised a further Rs 20 lakh from friends and acquaintances for my business venture. The company was named Wisdom Jobs.
Most of this seed capital went into developing an application called Pragnya Meter, a tool to help us test the potential of a candidate. The tool enabled us to assess and analyse a candidate's education and technical expertise, allowing us to present them to the hiring company in a report. The remaining sum was used to take an office space on lease in Hyderabad.
My dec
ision to quit a well-paying job to start my own venture would have troubled my parents. So, I decided not to inform them about my plans and waited till the business was a success. This also meant not visiting them for close to two years. Had I visited them, they would have found out.
On the business front, things did not go as planned. It was a slow start. Cracking my first deal took me around four months. I had to borrow more to pay staff salaries and the rentals. Finally, Hindustan Unilever gave us our first opportunity. The company wanted me to help them recruit 50-60 senior and mid-level officials for a new division they had started. I had build a good network of jobseekers through my Google group and their requirement was met soon.
The deal, in addition to boosting my confidence, also helped generate more business. Wisdom Jobs registered a turnover of around Rs 60 lakh in its first financial year (2010-11). It had a staff of four. I was responsible for bringing in the business and the others managed back-end operations.
From the second year onwards, our business picking up. But we decided to concentrate on the quality of the work that we received. Our aim was to provide quality service and complete customer satisfaction rather than taking every opportunity that came our way.
In 2011 we shifted to a larger office in Hyderabad and in 2013, we opened offices in Bangalore and Chennai.
We have also created an e-university. It is an online learning hub, that helps job seekers hone 6,000 different skills. This allows them to prepare well for job interviews by testing their skill levels. Candidates can take online exams on our portal wisdomjobs. com to ascertain their level of proficiency vis-a-vis a particular skill. They add their skill scores to their resume, adding more credibility to their profile. Top recruiters, particularly from the IT industry, have been using this skill score to shortlist candidates.
  The candidate screening that we undertake by testing them on various parameters via our indigenous Pragnya Meter and other means, helps our clients get the right candidate. This has given our firm a competitive edge. Often headhunter's just pass on a potential candidate to their client which simply increases their burden. Most of our clients' work is already done before they interview the potential employee.
We have a database of around 30 million resumes. Our average annual growth rate since our launch has been more than 100%. In 2012-13, our turnover was around Rs 8 crore. It grew to Rs 22 crore in the 2013-14. This year, we are aiming to bring in Rs 40 crore in revenues. We have a clear road map to achieve this target.
Going ahead, the company plans to build a strong presence in the US market. It is also focusing on developing next-generation recruitment tools, products and search features to scale up the business and widen its reach in the global market. We also plan to start operations in major metros in India and across the world.
As told to Amit Shanbaug
FEATURED ARTICLES

How InOpen Technologies increased its turnover from Rs 11L to Rs 6 cr in 4 yrsHow InOpen Technologies increased its turnover from Rs 11 lakh to Rs 6 crore in 4 years
Amit Shanbaug, ET Bureau Sep 29, 2014, 08.00AM IST
Tags:
Educational startup
(Rupesh Shah (Right) and…)
Rupesh Shah was researching for a project at the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) Bombay, when he first thought about the need to simplify education delivery system in the country. "I began ideating on ways to make academic courses simpler and synching them with skill development," says the 27-year-old Shah.
He teamed up with his supervisor at IIT, Sridhar Iyer, and the duo launched InOpen Technologies in October 2009. The idea was to make learning fun and easy. "We raised a seed capital of Rs 25 lakh for the venture from friends and relatives," says Shah, CEO, In-Open Technologies. A major chunk of the seed money went towards researching for their flagship product, Computer Masti, while the remaining amount was used to get the firm's infrastructure in place, in Mumbai.
Computer Masti, says Iyer, the firm's director, makes computer education fun via its graded learning programme for students from kindergarten to intermediate level. It comprises text books and training support for teachers. The course content is presented in a conversational style—two children, Tejas and Jyoti, having a conversation with Moz, the teacher, and learning computer science in the process.
"The programme is available for CBSE, ICSE, IGCSE and SSC boards. In addition to teaching computer science, the courses help develop thinking and logical reasoning among students," says Iyer.
Shah and Iyer had a hard time getting schools to accept their learning programme. "As it was a new concept, we found it tough to convince schools to accept it, but gradually, Computer Masti began finding takers. By the end of the first year, 2,000 students were using our product," says Shah.
The turnover in 2009-10 was close to Rs 11 lakh and the firm had three employees. In 2010, Shah and Iyer decided to build operations and took a bank loan of Rs 50 lakh. "We got our first round of seed funding of Rs 2 crore in 2011 from Ventureast," says Shah. To expand the reach of their product, Computer Masti was translated into eight Indian languages. Subsequently, the company branched out from schools in Maharashtra to those in Bihar, Assam and Kerala.
"Currently, the product is used by 5 lakh students in over 300 schools across the country. The company, says Iyer, has also helped train around 4,000 teachers. Now, we also work with various state governments and corporates to develop the relevant content," he adds.
InOpen Technologies is looking to expand to other subjects as well. The firm, in collaboration with the Homi Bhabha Centre for Science Education, at the Tata Institute of Fundamental Research, Mumbai, recently launched a series of science books for students at the primary level.
"We have also made Computer Masti available in Japan and some West Asian countries in their own languages," says Shah. Meanwhile, e-book offerings from the company have been downloaded in 130 countries, he adds.
The firm now has 71 employees working at its offices in Mumbai and Hyderabad. It registered a turnover of around Rs 6 crore in 2013-14. "This year (2014-15), we aim to reach out to 1,000-1,200 schools across the globe and have tied up with several partners to meet this target," says Shah.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Fed repo tests drive safety scrambleFed ‘repo’ tests drive scramble for safety
By Michael Mackenzie and Tracy Alloway in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/34fcc25c-44d0-11e4-ab0c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Strides Arcolab to acquire Shasun Pharma in all stock dealStrides Arcolab to acquire Shasun Pharma in all stock deal
BS Reporter | Bangalore Sep 30, 2014 12:49 AM IST
Strides Arcolab, a Bangalore-based mid-size publicly-held pharmaceutical company, will acquire Chennai-based Shasun Phamaceutical in an all-stock transaction. The combined entity will have revenues of Rs 2,500 crore.
As part of this acquisition, shareholders of Shasun will get five equity shares of Strides in lieu of 16 Shasun shares. Based on the exchange ratio, Shasun shareholders will own 26 per cent of the combined entity. After the approval of the merger, the current promoters of Shasun will be categorised as promoters of the combined entity, along with the existing promoters of Strides.
This combination will create a vertically-integrated pharma company with presence in front-ended regulated markets finished dosages, emerging markets branded generics, institutional business, active pharmaceutical ingredients (API) and contract research and manufacturing services (Crams). A key rationale for this acquisition is to leverage on Shasun's footprint in the API manufacturing capacities.
According to a joint statement, this combination enhances finished dosages portfolio in niche and complex domains with a pipeline of 100 products and accelerates product filings with a combined research and development strength of 400 personnel. “It will also result in de-risking of operations with the combined entity having 12 manufacturing facilities including three USFDA (US Food and Drug Administration)-approved finished dosage manufacturing facilities, two USFDA-approved API manufacturing facilities, one USFDA-approved Crams facility and six manufacturing facilities catering to the emerging markets,” the statement added.
Commenting on the merger, Arun Kumar, founder and group chief executive officer of Strides, said: “Since the divestment of our injectables business, which resulted in significant value creation for our shareholders, Strides has re-focused on its oral finished formulation business. Today’s proposed combination with Shasun accelerates that step with use of our combined infrastructure.”
While Strides Arcolab stock gained a good 9 per cent to close at Rs 699.65 per share on NSE, Shasun stocked dropped by 0.33% and closed at Rs 196.15 per share on Monday.

Modi woos US CEOs with India storyModi woos US CEOs with India story
Press Trust of India
PTI Power breakfast Prime Minister Narendra Modi at a breakfast meeting with CEOs in New York on Monday.
Promises to make India more business-friendly
New York, September 29:  
Prime Minister Narendra Modi today said he wants to convert the Supreme Court judgment on coal allocation into an “opportunity to move forward and clean up the past”, as he wooed CEOs of large American companies to invest in India in key sectors including infrastructure.
Hosting a breakfast meeting with 11 CEOs, including PepsiCo CEO Indra Nooyi, Google Chairman Eric Schmidt and Citigroup chief Michael Corbat, Modi said India was open minded and wanted the change, which is “not one-sided”. Listening to concerns raised by the business leaders, Modi assured them that his Government will address their issues and try to make the environment in India more business-friendly.
Describing the meeting as “excellent and very good”, all business leaders, including Nooyi and Corbat, said that the Prime Minister heard their concerns and listed out the priority areas of his Government to take forward the India story to higher levels.
“(We) want to convert the Supreme Court judgment on coal allocation into an opportunity to move forward and clean up the past,” Modi told the CEOs.
Modi’s observation comes in the backdrop of concerns that the judgment would have an adverse impact on corporate sentiments and overall business climate. The Prime Minister also told the business leaders that “infrastructure development is a big opportunity; it creates jobs and enhances quality of life of our citizens.”
(This article was published on September 29, 2014)
Related

CY Leung appeals for calm in Hong KongShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
CY Leung appeals for calm in Hong Kong
Sep 29, 2014 : Hong Kong's chief executive Leung Chun-ying has defended police actions and called for demonstrators camped outside government buildings and in the streets to disperse.
Credits: PIctures by Reuters

PM Modi reaches out to top American business leaders  says India wants changePM Modi reaches out to top American business leaders, says India wants change
Nayanima Basu | New Delhi Sep 30, 2014 12:59 AM IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi got down to business in New York at a meeting with top US corporate honchos on Monday. He asked them to view India as a credible investment destination while assuring them of an easier business environment and a stable tax regime. He even told them that the recent cancellation of coal blocks by the Supreme Court should be seen as an “opportunity” to clean up the past.
In more than an hour-long breakfast meeting with 11 top American chief executives, Modi, flanked by foreign secretary Sujatha Singh and ministry of external affairs spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin, urged them to change their outlook towards India.
“India is open-minded. We want change. Change that is not one-sided. I am discussing this with citizens, industrialists and investors,” Modi told the CEOs while urging them to invest in India.
Soothing their nerves over the recent Supreme Court judgment cancelling over 214 coal block allocations, Modi told the CEOs to view it as an “opportunity”.
“I want to convert the Supreme Court judgment on coal allocation into an opportunity to move forward and clean up the past,” Modi said.
The 11 chief executives the PM met over breakfast at the swanky The Pierre included PepsiCo CEO Indra Nooyi, Google chairman Eric Schmidt, Citigroup chief Michael Corbat, MasterCard CEO Ajay Banga, Cargill’s president and CEO David W MacLennan, Caterpillar’s Douglas Oberhelman, AES’s Andres Gluski, Merck’s Kenneth Frazier, co-founder and co-CEO of Carlyle Group David Rubenstein, Hospira Group’s Michael Ball and Warburg Pincus’s Charles Kaye.
Modi asked the 11 honchos to invest in the country’s infrastructure development as “it creates jobs and enhances quality of life of our citizens.” The CEOs are believed to have raised the issue of retrospective tax amendments to which Modi told them no new cases would be taken up, sources told Business Standard.
The finance ministry has set up a committee under the Central Board of Direct Taxes to go into all fresh retrospective tax cases with fresh liabilities.
In an effort to sell India as a destination to do business, the PM discussed the ‘Make in India’ initiative with them, wherein he asked them to produce in India to boost the country’s manufacturing sector.
This was followed by separate one-on-one meetings with chief executives of six US multinational conglomerates with a presence in India and plans to expand their footprint in the country. The six CEOs who called on the PM separately before he left for Washington to meet US President Barack Obama were Jeffrey Immelt of GE, James McNerney of Boeing, IBM’s Virginia Rometty, Henry Kravis of Kohlberg Kravis Roberts (KKR), Laurence D Fink of BlackRock and Goldman Sachs’s Lloyd Blankfein.
Aircraft maker Boeing’s McNerney told Modi the firm planned to “accelerate engagement with India.” Keen to develop 100 smart cities across India, Modi invited IBM to build the IT backbone of these cities. IBM’s Rometty also discussed software and the Digital India initiative with the PM.
Investment management company BlackRock informed the PM that it intended to hold a global investors' meet in the country next year.
India-US ties had taken a massive hit under the Obama administration, especially with relation to business and trade. The US Chamber of Commerce had been extremely critical of some of the policies that were rolled out under the previous UPA regime.
However, ever since the BJP came to power under Modi, the American investors have expressed contentment over the government's recent decision to increase foreign direct investment ceiling in the defence sector, railway network and insurance sector.
FDI inflows from US to India during 2000-2014 stood at around $13 billion, according to the department of industrial policy and promotion (DIPP).

Dallas Hospital Monitoring Patient for EbolaAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

IDFC  DCB Bank  HDIL in Focus TodayYou are here: Home Cheat Sheet
IDFC, DCB Bank, HDIL in Focus Today
NDTV | Updated On: September 30, 2014 08:58 (IST)
Tweet
The Nifty is likely to open lower on Tuesday as indicated by futures trade on Singapore Stock Exchange. Foreign investors turned net buyers of Indian equities on Monday after being net sellers for four days in a row. Foreign investors were net buyers to the tune of Rs 150 crore, whereas domestic investors bought shares worth Rs 235 crore in cash market on Monday. Market will look for triggers from RBI's credit policy due today.
Here are the stocks to track in trade today:
IDFC: The private equity division of IDFC, IDFC Alternative has reportedly sold a special economic zone (SEZ) in Pune and an IT park in Noida for a combined enterprise value of Rs 1,100 crore to private equity firm Blackstone Group LP.
DCB Bank: The bank has opened a qualified institutional placement (QIP) of equity shares upto Rs 275 crore on Monday. Price of the issue has been fixed at Rs 82 per share.
HDIL: Promoters of HDIL have revoked all their shares pledged with IL&FS Trust Company. Now all the shares in the promoter's category is non-pledged.
ABB India has own a Rs 172 crore order from Power Grid Company of Bangladesh for supply of four 132/33kv turnkey substations. Under this contract ABB will also help the company to expand its six other substations.
Tata Motors: Mayank Pareek, who was the former chief operating officer of Maruti Suzuki, will join Tata Motors on October 1. Mr Pareek will replace Ranjit Yadav to become to become its president of passenger vehicle business unit. Ranjit Yadav will now head international business.
Bhushan Steel: Neeraj Singal, vice-chairman and managing director of the company, who was arrested in August for allegedly offering bribes to a bank to raise the company's borrowing limit, has been released on bail on Monday.
Story first published on: September 30, 2014 08:58 (IST)

The US is ready to redefine television to include the internetGlass
September 30, 2014
The US Federal Communications Commission is considering whether to treat certain online video services like cable and satellite TV providers.
The move would help the online services get cheaper access to major network programming and could allow them to become stronger competitors to the dominant pay-TV providers like Comcast.
“This is a very big deal,” said Richard Greenfield, an industry analyst for BTIG. “It could pose very significant challenges to the traditional [cable TV] bundle.”
The FCC’s Media Bureau is working on the proposal, which could be shared more broadly within the commission as early as this week, according to an FCC official.
Kim Hart, an FCC spokesman, declined to comment.
The proposal would only apply to online services that offer pre-scheduled programming. So the rules wouldn’t cover Netflix, which allows subscribers to watch videos whenever they want.
But it could revive the controversial online video service Aereo, which allowed subscribers to watch broadcast TV channels on their computers and Internet connected-TVs. The Supreme Court ruled earlier this year that Aereo was stealing the broadcasters’ copyrighted content.
In response, Aereo asked to be reclassified as a cable provider. The move wouldn’t give it free access to broadcast programming, but it would force the broadcasters to negotiate following certain rules and would likely mean cheaper access to their channels.
“Aereo is back,” Greenfield said.
Classifying the online services as cable providers would bring a variety of regulatory perks but it would also carry some burdens—such as requirements to offer certain stations.
The proposal is only an initial step. So even if the commission approves it, the agency will then have to seek public comment before making any final decisions.
Multichannel News first reported on the proposal Monday.
This story was originally published by National Journal . More:

5 key takeaways from Modi s CFR interaction5 key takeaways from Modi's CFR interaction
Abhishek Jha | Mumbai Sep 30, 2014 01:19 AM IST
The Council on Foreign Relations in New York is a powerful and influential policy  organization in the United States. Narendra Modi is the sixth Indian prime minister to address the CFR. His speech, however, was a rehash of what he had already said in his trip's first two days at the United Nations General Assembly and then at Madison Square Garden. What was new was the candid question and answer session that followed. Some key takeaways:
The speech highlights:  The Prime Minister’s speech combined themes from his first two days in the United States. From G-All (need to move beyond closed groups like G8 and G20) to 3D (democracy, demographic dividend and demand) formula, Modi mentioned it all. He reiterated that the present century belonged to Asia and China and that India would be at the forefront of it. Modi also stressed on the importance of univocally condemning terrorism. He also defended his government’s stance regarding the trade agreement talks at WTO, saying that he’d keep the well being of the poor section of the society in mind too. He ended his speech by inviting everyone to India and saying that, “Tourism unites, terrorism divides”.
Dynamics with US: With the focus now shifting to Washington D.C. and his meeting with US President Obama, the inevitable question was if the two nations could move beyond posturing and actually start a new chapter in their bilateral relations. Modi had a light and yet serious take on the issue. He said, “One doesn’t have to be comfortable with everything. Even between a husband and wife 100% comfort is not possible but despite that there is long-term commitment.” He added that the fundamental belief in democracy which the two nations shared could go a long way in making each other natural allies.
Terrorism outlook: There was a pointed question on the growing ISIS problem and Islamic fundamentalism. The Prime Minister had a philosophical answer. He said that all terrorism in India is "exported (from outside) and not home-grown". He added that Indians believed in non-violence as taught by Buddha and Mahatma Gandhi. He expressed confidence that the Indian Muslim would defeat the Al Qaeda's designs.  
China and the border issue: When asked if the border dispute with China required international arbitration, Modi said that it was not required. He expressed confidence in his government’s bilateral talks with China to solve the issue and added that the process has already begun after his meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping.
Helping the girl child:  The Prime Minister also stressed on the need to address girl child education and said that this was a key focus for him. He added that his cabinet had 25% female ministers and mentioned External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj, who was present there, as an example. He claimed that as the Gujarat chief minister he had ensured 100% female literacy and that was his goal for the whole nation now.

Chinas biggest challengeChina’s biggest political challenge since Tiananmen in 1989
By Gideon Rachman
Beijing faces a choice in Hong Kong between repression and climbdown
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e1f7562a-4593-11e4-9b71-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Raghuram Rajan likely to hold key rates todayRBI Governor Raghuram Rajan likely to hold key rates today
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 30, 2014  | 10:54 IST
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan (Photo: Reuters)
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Raghuram Rajan is widely expected to hold the key rates citing high inflation at the fourth bi-monthly monetary policy announcement on September 30, even though the pro-growth lobby has been wishing for a rate cut.
This is despite some downward movement in consumer price inflation of late, which eased to 7.8 per cent for August. But it is the medium-term targets that worry the central bank, say RBI watchers.
The RBI is targeting to ease the CPI number to 8 per cent by January 2015, but it is the January 2016 target of 6 per cent, which the RBI had voiced concerns about in the last policy review held in August, saying there are "upside risks" to the number.
Wholesale price index (WPI) inflation has also eased, although more sharply, to 3.74 per cent in August from 5.55 per cent at the start of the current fiscal.
Rajan, who has repeatedly opined that he wants a sustainable solution to the inflation problem and fight the battle in one go, had recently said he would not cut the rates only to be hiked again as inflation remains sticky.
"I have no desire to keep interest rates high for even a second longer. I want to bring down interest rates when its feasible. It will be feasible when we would have won the fight against inflation," he had said at a banking event earlier this month.
"The real problem is inflation that is persistent. We have been emphasising again and again in order to 'break the back' of inflation, we got to break this persistence," Rajan had said in what is another hint of things to come.
Rajan has hiked the rates thrice since assuming charge as the Governor in September last year and the repo rate, at which RBI lends to the banks, stands at 8 per cent at present.
The industry has for long been asking for a rate cut to boost the growth, which came in at 5.7 per cent for first quarter.
Bankers also believe that it may not be the right time for a rate cut yet.
State Bank of India chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya said, "RBI is likely to keep the interest rate unchanged."
Echoing similar views, Bank of Baroda Executive Director Rajan Dhawan told PTI that the RBI would not change interest rates in the policy review because of inflation overhang.
Credit rating agency Care said RBI has less room to cut policy rates on September 30 as there remains an upward threats to inflation going ahead.
"Given the economic parameters of improving growth of 5.7 per cent (Q1 of FY15) GDP and elevated retail inflation on the back of potential threats to inflation going ahead, we do not foresee any room for a rate cut in the upcoming policy announcement," Care said in a report.
Canara Bank chairman and managing director R K Dubey said RBI will lower the rates only if inflation comes down consistently for a few months. "So, I expect some change in rates only by January," Dubey said.
Rajan had pointed to a narrowing of the growth in factory output , calling the recovery "uneven", but asserted the need to check inflation first.
He also asked the industry to slash its prices to help fight the inflation so that the long-standing wish of a rate cut can be made.
Market participants, however, will closely watch the tone of the monetary policy.
The RBI had lowered the statutory liquidity ratio, the portion of deposits that banks are required to keep in government bonds, by 0.5 per cent to 22 per cent from 22.5 per cent unlocking about Rs 40,000 crore into the system at the last policy review. In the May policy as well SLR was cut by 0.5 per cent, releasing Rs 40,000 crore into the system.
According to Care Rating, RBI may not cut SLR on September 30 but even if it slashes SLR it won't come as a surprise. "It (SLR cut) could probably be a part of the long-term goal of lowering the SLR rather than a short-term measure," Care Rating said.
However, FirstRand Bank treasury head Harihar Krishnamoorthy feels that the Governor may cut SLR by 25 bps.
Indian Banks Association chief executive MV Tanksale said there is no need for an SLR cut now as credit pick up is slow and also there was no urgent need of liquidity.

PMJDY accounts cross 5 crore mark: Financial Services SecyKamal Narang GS Sandhu, Secretary, Financial Services, flanked by Sunil Kanoria, President Elect, Assocham, and DS Rawat, Secretary General, Assocham (left), during the 10th annual banking summit orgnised by Assocham, in New Delhi on Tuesday.
New Delhi, Sept 30:  
The number of accounts opened under the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana has touched 5.1 crore account, Financial Services Secretary G.S.Sandhu has said.
As much as Rs 3,500 crore has been deposited in these accounts, marking a record of sorts.
About 1.6 crore RuPay debit cards have been issued so far, Sandhu said at an Assocham event here.
(This article was published on September 30, 2014)
Related

Markets trim gains after RBI keeps policy rates unchangedMarkets trim gains after RBI keeps policy rates unchanged
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 30, 2014 11:15 AM IST
Markets trimmed early gains to briefly dip into negative terrain after the RBI kept  repo rate and CRR unchanged at its monetary policy review today.
At 11:15AM, the 30-share Sensex was down 5 points at 26,592 and 50-share Nifty was down 4 points at 7,955.
Bank shares were the top losers along with index heavyweights Reliance Industries and Infosys.  However, gains in mortgage lender HDFC helped most of the losses post the RBI announcement.
HDFC, L&T, Sun Pharma and Dr Reddy's Labs were the top Sensex gainers while Axis Bank, ICICI Bank, Infosys and Reliance Industires were the top losers.
_____________________________
(Updated at 9:19AM)
It was another day of flat start for the market tracking weak Asian cues with major focus on Reserve Bank of India's monetary policy review later today. At 0916 hrs, the Sensex was down 27 points at 26,569 and the Nifty slipped eight points to trade at 7,951.
However, the broader markets opened in green with the midcap index up 0.1% and teh smallcap index up 0.2%.
Sectors & Stocks
On the sectoral front, Health Care and Realty indices up 0.6% were the top gainers in opening trades.
Meanwhile, Metal, IT, FMCG and Bankex indices were down 0.1-0.5%.
Hindalco, GAIL, M&M, Sesa Sterlite, Axis Bank, TCS, Infosys, ITC and Coal India which lost 0.5-1.5% were the top losers among Sensex-30.
Among the gainers were Tata Power, HDFC, Dr Reddy’s, BHEL, Maruti and Bharti Airtel up 0.7-1.3%.
The market breadth was positive due to the strength in broader markets. 913 stocks advanced while 461 stocks declined on BSE.
Global Markets
Asian markets were in hesitant mood on Tuesday as investors wondered what China's response would be to civil unrest in Hong Kong, while the U.S. dollar was on track to post its biggest monthly gain in well over a year.
The unrest was an added complication for investors amid long-standing concerns about the health of China's economy.
An HSBC survey of manufacturing (PMI) for September disappointed slightly by showing a final reading of 50.2, steady on August but down from its preliminary 50.5.
Hong Kong's Hang Seng Index shed another 0.9% to its lowest in three months. MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan lost 0.5% having already fallen sharply on Monday.
US stocks ended lower on Monday following protests in Hong Kong that added to worries about Chinese growth. The Dow Jones Industrial average fell 0.25%, to 17,071; the S&P 500 lost 0.25%, to 1,978; and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 0.14%, to 4,506.

Apple India for Diwali launch of iPhone 6  H...» MORE FROM VIDEOS
BREAKING NEWS
Apple's India unit wants iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus to be launched on Diwali, Cupertino roots for November
By Writankar Mukherjee , ET Bureau | 30 Sep, 2014, 06.58AM IST
Apple last week announced that it had sold more than 10 million units of the iPhone 6and iPhone 6Plus models in just three days.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
KOLKATA: Apple's headquarters in Cupertino and its management in India are locked in a tussle over the launch of the new iPhone devices in India.
While the parent wants to delay the launch to early November due to unprecedented demand for the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus in the US and the China launch likely next week, the India team and distributors in the country want to make the most of upcoming festive demand by launching it before Diwali, which falls on October 23. More so because it will be leaving the field wide open to top rival Samsung , which will be launching its flagship devices by then.
That there is strong demand in India is borne out by prices in the grey market. On eBay India, the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus are available for between Rs 57,990 and Rs 1.29 lakh, based on the model and internal memory.
No marketing hype yet
In grey markets such as Mumbai's Heera Panna shopping complex and Kolkata's AC Market and Fancy Market, the 16GB variant of the iPhone 6 is the most commonly available model at around Rs 60,000-62,000.
There's a waiting period of seven to 10 days for the iPhone 6 Plus and larger memory variants of the iPhone 6. There is no clarity on what the devices will cost officially in India.
The trade has also informed Apple that it would be difficult to surpass last year's record sales of the iPhone 5s — 2 lakh units in the October-December quarter — if the launch takes place after Diwali. To be sure, things didn't go off smoothly last year --iPhone 5s supplies were patchy, leading to a retail stock shortage, something Apple wants to avoid this year.
According to three senior executives with Apple's trade's partners in India, there is no clarity on the India launch date, which is why the company is still not able to drum up marketing hype around the new handsets through avenues such as pre-bookings.
"The India team wants it to launch before Diwali like always but the unprecedented global demand for the new iPhones is making Cupertino think otherwise, which is why unlike other years there is not much buzz in the trade yet," one of the executives said on condition of anonymity. An email query sent to Apple did not elicit any response as of press time.
Apple last week announced that it had sold more than 10 million units of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models in just three days after the launch on September 19 in 10 markets, setting a new record for the company. It further announced the availability of the new iPhones in 20 additional countries last week and said the devices will be launched in 115 countries by the end of the year.Apple CEO Tim Cook said last week that while the company has managed the manufacturing ramp-up better than ever before with the new iPhones, it could have sold many more if supply was better and is working hard to fill orders as quickly as possible. There is widespread speculation that Apple will debut the new models later this week in China.

Japan s economy hit by output  spending slumpJapan's economy takes another hit as spending, factory output fall
By Reuters | 30 Sep, 2014, 10.40AM IST
The government may also be forced to compile a stimulus package if weakness persists, as Prime Minister Shinzo Abe must decide by year-end whether to proceed with a second sales tax hike planned for next year.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
TOKYO: Annual household spending in Japan fell for a fifth straight month in August and factory output unexpectedly declined, highlighting the challenges policymakers face to revive an economy reeling under the strain of a sales tax hike.
The one bright spot came in data showing the jobless rate fell in August, while the availability of jobs stayed at a 22-year high, suggesting that improvements in the job market will ease some of the pain on households.
Still, it's unlikely to be sufficient on its own to underwrite a solid rebound in the economy, especially as exports also continue to under-perform.
Internal affairs ministry data showed household spending fell 4.7 percent in August from a year earlier, weaker than a 3.8 per cent drop forecast in a Reuters poll, as an April 1 sales tax hike to 8 per cent from 5 per cent continued to take its toll.
Although the Bank of Japan is in no mood to deploy additional easing anytime soon, a run of soft data is raising doubts about the central bank's conviction that inflation will reach its 2 per cent goal by around mid-2015.
To that extent, the BOJ's key tankan corporate survey, due on Wednesday, will be closely scrutinised by central bankers at the rate-setting meeting next week.
The headline index for large manufacturers in the BOJ tankan is viewed as a leading gauge of economic growth, while capital spending plans offer clues on the strength of business activity.
"Contrary to the BOJ's view that output is rising as a trend, production is pretty sluggish. The economy won't see a clear pick-up for the rest of this year," said Takeshi Minami, chief economist at Norinchukin Research Institute.
"The government must compile quite a big fiscal stimulus package to revive the economy if it were to proceed with the second stage of the sales tax hike," he said.
The April tax hike, which drove the economy into its biggest slump since the global financial crisis in the second quarter, is keeping up pressure on the BOJ to ease again eventually.
The government may also be forced to compile a stimulus package if weakness persists, as Prime Minister Shinzo Abe must decide by year-end whether to proceed with a second sales tax hike planned for next year.
Factory output also reflected the struggles faced by companies, which have been saddled with a pile of inventories due to weak demand both at home and abroad.
Trade ministry data showed industrial output fell 1.5 per cent in August, as hopes for solid bounce remained elusive after the post-tax hike slump.
The fall compared with economists' median estimate for a 0.2 per cent increase in a Reuters poll. It followed a 0.4 per cent rise in July and a 3.4 per cent drop in June, which was the biggest decline since the March 2011 earthquake.
Manufacturers surveyed by the ministry expect output to rise 6.0 per cent in September but decrease 0.2 per cent in October.
Despite a flagging economy, the BOJ remains confident that a tighter labour market and improving income conditions will spur private consumption that accounts for about 60 per cent of the economy, keeping it on track to meet the 2 per cent price goal.
Separate data showed the jobless rate stood at 3.5 per cent in August, down from 3.8 per cent in July, with the jobs-to-applicants ratio unchanged at a 22-year high of 1.10.
Japan's economy shrank at an annualised 7.1 per cent in the second quarter, the deepest slump since the 2009 global financial crisis as April's tax hike took a heavy toll on domestic demand.
Analysts and policymakers expect the economy will rebound in the current quarter, though some warn that the recovery may lack strength and wane later this year if the tax pain drags on.

Sensex gives a thumbs-up to RGR; back from red  up about 100 pointsSensex rangebound ahead of RBI policy review; top 15 stocks in focus
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 30, 2014, 12.01PM IST
Tags:
ABB
MUMBAI: The S&P BSE Sensex broke out of intraday range and was near day's high led by gains in capital goods, banks and auto sectors.
The Reserve Bank of India, on expected lines, has left repo rate unchanged at 8 per cent and reverse repo unchanged at 7 per cent.
At 11:45 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 26,689.59, up 92.48 points or 0.35 per cent. It touched a high of 26,737.36 and a low of 26,547.44 in trade today.
The Nifty was at 7,983.45, up 24.55 points or 0.31 per cent. It touched a high of 7,999.10 and a low of 7,943.75 in trade today.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index was up 0.78 per cent and the S&P BSE Smallcap Index gained 0.69 per cent.
Among the sectoral indices, the S&P BSE Capital goods Index gained 1.24 per cent, the S&P BSE Bankex rose 0.47 per cent and the S&P BSE Auto Index rose 1.09 per cent.
The S&P BSE IT Index declined 0.52 per cent and the S&P BSE Power Index was down 0.05 per cent.
HDFC (up 2.50 per cent), Bajaj Auto (up 1.84 per cent), L&T (up 1.73 per cent), Sun Pharma (up 1.61 per cent) and Maruti (up 1.50 per cent) were among the Sensex gainers.
Infosys (0.95 per cent), Hindalco (0.88 per cent), TCS (0.77 per cent), Axis Bank (0.75 per cent) and Hindustan Unilever (0.62 per cent) were among the top losers.
The market breadth was positive on the BSE with 1438 gainers against 950 losers.
The foreign institutional investors were net buyers worth Rs 150.1 crore and domestic institutional investors were net buyers worth Rs 234.52 crore on Monday as per the provisional data from the National Stock Exchange.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rupee hits day s low of 61.70 vs $ after RBI policyYou are here: Home > Collections > Rupee
Rupee heads toward 61 against US dollar
PTI Sep 30, 2014, 03.50PM IST
Tags:
(A lower opening at the domestic…)
MUMBAI: The rupee hits day's low of 61.77 against the US currency after opening nine paise down.
A lower opening at the domestic equity market and the dollar's rise against other major currencies overseas put pressure on the rupee, dealers said.
Yesterday, the rupee had tanked 38 paise to log nearly 7-month closing low of 61.53 against the Greenback following dollar demand from importers and some weakness in stocks ahead of the RBI policy review.
FEATURED ARTICLES

CIC sells down Noble stakeChina Investment Corp sells down Noble stake
By Jennifer Hughes and Josh Noble in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9718b6ba-4851-11e4-ac9f-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

IIM Rohtak holds cleanliness campaign in Haryana schoolsIIM Rohtak holds cleanliness campaign in Haryana schools
Our Bureau
Students with the team from IIM Rohtak.
Students taking part in the cleanliness awareness campaign organised the by the team from IIM Rohtak.
New Delhi, Sept 30:  
Sparsh, the Social Development Cell of the Indian Institute of Management Rohtak, recently organised a two-day awareness campaign on the theme ‘Sanitation, Public Hygiene and Waste Management’ in three villages of Haryana. The drive, that will take place throughout the coming month, is an attempt to support the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan currently being undertaken by the Centre.
The first day of the campaign focused on the students of a Government school in the village of Majra, which has a population of 12,000 people. The students from the institute organised drawing competitions for students of classes 1 to 5 on the themes of environmental cleanliness and hygiene. Students of classes 6 to 9 presented their views on cleanliness and their understanding of issues that India faces in the field of public hygiene. Many children were given prizes for their contribution to the campaign.
The second day saw action at Government schools in the villages of Kheri Sadh and Garhi Bohar. The children showcased their talent with drawings on the theme of cleanliness. The students of classes 6 to 9 came up with speeches that highlighted the theme ‘Swachhta sarkaar ki nahi, humari zimmedari hai’ (Cleanliness is the responsibility of all of us, not just the Government).
P. Rameshan, the IIM Rohtak Director, was present at Kheri Sadh to encourage the efforts of the students. There were prizes distributed to the students with the best drawings and speeches. Awareness campaigns were also held for women that focused on personal hygiene.
Sparsh, the Social Development Cell at IIM Rohtak, works to encourage the spirit of social responsibility among the students of the institute and others.
(This article was published on September 30, 2014)
Related

RBI keeps key interest rates unchangedRBI keeps key interest rates unchanged, warns on inflation
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 30, 2014  | 12:34 IST
Photo: Reuters
Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan on Tuesday left all key rates unchanged citing increased risks to inflation and difficult external situation especially on the geopolitical front.
This is the fourth consecutive time that the RBI has kept key interest rates unchanged despite clamours from the industry to cut rates to boost economy. The short-term lending rate (repo) rate now stands at 8 per cent, and the cash reserve ratio(CRR) of banks at 4 per cent.
The statutory liquidity ratio (SLR) has also been retained at 22 per cent. Explaining the rationale for status quo policy, Rajan said though Wholesale Price Index (WPI) inflation has ebbed to levels consistent with 8 per cent inflation by January 2015, there are risks from food price shocks as the full effects of the monsoon's passage unfold, and from geo-political developments that could materialise rapidly.
He said that there are uncertainties over food inflation even though 6 per cent retail inflation target by January 2016 remains a possibility. The future policy stance will be influenced by the RBI's projections of inflation relative to the medium term objective of 6 per cent by January 2016, while being contingent on incoming data, Rajan said.
The RBI also retained the growth projection for the current fiscal at 5.5 per cent. The apex bank sees FY16 growth at 6.3 per cent. Stock markets gained on RBI's policy announcement with BSE Sensex trading at 26661.95 points at 11:50 am.

Foriegn media on Narendra Modis visit to USPrint
Express News Service | Posted: September 30, 2014 12:21 pm | Updated: September 30, 2014 12:33 pm
Indian Prime Minster’s US visit has created much buzz in the national papers. This being the first diplomatic meeting between President Barack Obama and Prime Minister Narendra Modi, international media have been reporting on the visit as well.

How missing  Or  saved Oracle Rs 142 cr | Wipro s most ambitious staff recast underwayYou are here: Home > Collections
How a missing 'Or' helped Oracle Financial save Rs 142 crore in tax
Rajesh Mascarenhas, ET Bureau Sep 30, 2014, 10.53AM IST
Tags:
BSE
(Oracle Financial Services,…)
MUMBAI: Did the absence of a single word —'or' — in NSE's listing agreement with Oracle Financial help the company save Rs 142 crore in taxes on dividend?
Sebi's model listing agreement as well the listing agreement of the other equity exchange BSE have the following clause: "the company further agrees that the minimum time gap between the two book closures and/or record dates would be at least 30 days." However, NSE's listing agreement says: "The issuer further agrees to ensure that the time gap between two book closures and record dates would be at least 30 days."
A company's announces book closure before the AGM while the record date is fixed for distribution of dividend. Companies have been rushing to distribute dividend before October 1 after which a higher dividend distribution tax comes into effect.
Oracle Financial had declared its book closure from September 8 to 12. On September 8, the company told stock exchanges that during the shareholders' meeting — on September 12 — an interim dividend would be declared. An interim dividend of Rs 485 a share was declared and September 25 and September 29 were fixed as the record date and the date for paying the dividend, respectively.
Since clause 16 of the listing agreement states that the time gap between a book closure and a record date should be minimum 30 days, exchanges referred the matter to Sebi which on September 19 said that the record date was fixed in violation of the listing clause. Oracle moved the Securities Appellate Tribunal (SAT), a quasi-judicial body, challenging Sebi's view. Ruling in favour of Oracle, the tribunal said that the word 'and' used between 'two book closures' and 'record dates' in clause 16 of listing agreement does not mean that there should be a time gap of 30 says between a book closure and a record date.
"SAT could have looked into other aspects instead of just relying on the word 'and' between book closure and record dates," said Huzzefa Nasikwala, founder, Nasikwala Law Chambers. "Many orders in the past were based on the change of interpretations of words like 'shall', 'may', 'would' etc rather than the facts or proceedings," he added.
Oracle Financial Services , which declared a dividend of 9,700% entailing an outgo of Rs 4,081 crore, saved Rs 142 crore by distributing the dividend before October 1. This was possible as SAT allowed the software service provider to fix September 25 as the record date. ET's email query to NSE went unanswered till the time of going to press.
"SAT was right in interpreting the NSE listing agreement.
Though the intention of listing agreement — 30 days' gap between book closure date and record date — was more relevant when the shares were in physical form," said Sandeep Parekh, founder, Finsec Law Advisor .
"However, in the current demat format with the settlement happening in two days, this 30-day clause is irrelevant," he added.
The company is listed on both BSE and NSE. Though Sebi, BSE and NSE were parties to the appeal, the argument by Oracle Financial's counsel was based on the NSE listing agreement.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex  Nifty Trade Range Bound As RBI Keeps Rates on HoldYou are here: Home Market
BSE Sensex, Nifty Turn Flat As RBI Keeps Rate on Hold
NDTV | Updated On: September 30, 2014 11:46 (IST)
Markets to Track Winter Session Action: Experts
The BSE Sensex and Nifty turned flat after the Reserve Bank of India kept the key policy rates unchanged, which was mostly on expected lines.
The Sensex was down 9 points at 26,588 whereas the Nifty traded 0.06 per cent lower at 7,964.90 as of 11.12 a.m.
The rate sensitive sectors like banks, and realty fell marginally. Bank Nifty was down 0.3 per cent, and CNX Realty index was down 0.26 per cent. However the CNX Auto index was up 0.62 per cent.
Reserve Bank of India on Tuesday kept the repo rate unchanged at 8 per cent, CRR at 4 per cent and the reverse repo rate at 7%. The Reserve Bank also maintained status quo on SLR rated.
However the RBI said, it would cut the ceiling on bonds that must be kept under the held-to-maturity (HTM) category from the current 24 percent to 22 percent in stages starting in the bi-weekly cycle beginning in January 10, 2015.
The RBI's credit policy was mostly on expected lines as 43 out of the 46 economist surveyed by Reuters have expected RBI to keep rates unchanged.
Among the defensives CNX Pharma index was up 0.85 per cent whereas the IT index was down 0.44 per cent.
Out of the 50 stocks in Nifty 21 stocks advanced and 29 stocks declined. HDIL was the top gainer in Nifty with 1.97 per cent gains followed by Bajaj Auto. DLF and Power Grid Corporation were the top loser in Nifty which were down between 1.5 to 2 per cent each.
In the broader market, the BSE Mid-cap and Small-cap indices were up 0.50 per cent and 0.45 per cent respectively outperforming the Nifty and Sensex.
Story first published on: September 30, 2014 11:41 (IST)

Lions face stiff qualification testMore
Lions need massive win to qualify
For Lions to qualify, they need to win by a large margin - by around 50 runs if they bat first, or by around the 15th over if they are chasing.
By The Preview by Siddarth Ravindran | ESPNcricinfo –  Mon 29 Sep, 2014 5:30 AM IST
0
Big picture
It's calculator-time in the Champions League T20, as a victory for Lahore Lions in their last league match will result in the net run-rate deciding whether Lions or Chennai Super Kings progress to the semi-finals. For Lions to qualify, they need to win by a large margin - by around 50 runs if they bat first, or by around the 15th over if they are chasing.
Skipper Mohammad Hafeez is a key played for Lions. (BCCI)Lions have already been in a similar situation once before in this tournament, when they needed to win their final league game of the qualifying stage. On that occasion, they thumped Sri Lanka's Southern Express to stay alive. Now they are up against Perth Scorchers, who have already been eliminated.
Scorchers have had their share of problems against spin in this tournament - averaging 19.9 against the turning ball compared to 32.37 against pace. They are likely to be tested by the offspin of Mohammad Hafeez and Adnan Rasool, both of whom have strangled the opposition in the CLT20, with both conceding less than 7 an over. The match could well be decided by the battle between Scorchers' batsmen and Lions' spinners.
Lions' supporters will already be disappointed after their second side lost in the final of the domestic Twenty20 final on Sunday. They will hope the first XI gives them something to cheer about.
Form guide
Lahore Lions WLWLW (completed matches only, most recent first)
Perth Scorchers LLWWW
>
Watch out for
Nathan Coulter-Nile will be playing only his third game since a five-month break due to a hamstring injury. He looked sharp in the previous game, stifling the hitters of Chennai Super Kings with the new ball, before getting the coveted wicket of MS Dhoni later on. Coulter-Nile has said he wants to make the World Cup squad, and with little over four months to go for the start of that tournament, he needs to string together as many solid performances as he can.
Rarely have players been as important to a team as Mohammad Hafeez is to Lions - he is the side's captain, and has often opened the batting as well as the bowling for them. How much will being reported for a suspect action affect him in the crunch match? With only one score above 20 in five matches in the CLT20, he will also look to provide more with the bat against Scorchers.
>
Stats and trivia
 
Yasir Arafat needs one more wicket to equal Azhar Mahmood's tally of 241 T20 wickets, which will put him joint fourth on the all-time list
 
 
The Chinnaswamy Stadium has now hosted more T20 matches (64) than any other Indian ground, barring the Rajiv Gandhi International Stadium in Hyderabad (70).
 

RBI May Begin Rate Cuts if Inflation Slides to 7%: Axis MFRBI May Begin Rate Cuts if Inflation Slides to 7%: Axis MF
Ex-Real director Valdano convinced Ronaldo will continue to play in top form for yearsEx-Real director Valdano convinced Ronaldo will continue to play in top form for years
HK protests   Umbrella Revolution  tag escapes China s censors - so farHK protests   Umbrella Revolution  tag escapes China s censors - so far
Zinc up by 0.4% on global cuesZinc up by 0.4% on global cues
Sensex remains flat post RBI policy; Consumer durables up  IT downSensex remains flat post RBI policy; Consumer durables up  IT down
China s PMI from HSBC for September at 50.2China s PMI from HSBC for September at 50.2
Larsen and Toubro gains on Rs 1 423 crore new ordersLarsen and Toubro gains on Rs 1 423 crore new orders
More gloomy data casts doubt on Japan recoveryMore gloomy data casts doubt on Japan recovery
Vadodara Communal Clashes: Over 200 Arrested  Mobile Data Services Remain SuspendedVadodara Communal Clashes: Over 200 Arrested  Mobile Data Services Remain Suspended
Zicom Electronic Security: Updates on outcome of AGMSep 30, 2014, 12.27 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Zicom Electronic Security: Updates on outcome of AGM
Zicom Electronic Security Systems Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the proceedings of the 20th Annual General Meeting of the Company held on September 05, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Zicom Electronic Security: Updates on outcome of AGM
Zicom Electronic Security Systems Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the proceedings of the 20th Annual General Meeting of the Company held on September 05, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Zicom Electronic Security Systems Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the proceedings of the 20th Annual General Meeting of the Company held on September 05, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Asia stocks unsettled by HK  sluggish China factoriesAsian stocks unsettled by HK, sluggish China factories
Reuters
Tweet
Sydney, Sept 30:  
Asian markets were in hesitant mood on Tuesday as investors wondered what China's response would be to civil unrest in Hong Kong, while the US dollar eased back a touch but was still on track for its biggest monthly gain in well over a year.
Tens of thousands of pro-democracy protesters blocked Hong Kong streets on Tuesday, in one of the biggest political challenges to Beijing since the Tiananmen Square crackdown 25 years ago.
The unrest was an added complication for investors amid long-standing concerns about the health of China's economy.
An HSBC survey of manufacturing (PMI) for September disappointed slightly by showing a final reading of 50.2, steady on August but down from its preliminary 50.5.
One bright spot was a measure of new export orders which climbed to a 4-1/2-year-high of 54.5.
The official version of the PMI is due on Wednesday and analysts look for a steady outcome around 51.0.
Hong Kong's Hang Seng Index shed another 1.3 per cent to its lowest in three months. MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan lost 0.3 per cent having already fallen sharply on Monday.
Chinese shares have been less troubled, perhaps because news and images of the protests are hard to come by on the mainland.
The Shanghai index inched up 0.1 per cent to near a 19-month peak, while the CSI300 held steady.
Mixed data for Japan
In Japan, the latest data was so mixed that they offered little clarity about the actual state of the economy.
The figures suggested unemployment declined in August and retail sales rebounded, but also that household spending and industrial output had both fallen sharply.
The Topix index retreated 0.8 per cent and away from six-year highs, while the Nikkei also fell 0.8 per cent.
Worryingly South Korea also reported a 3.8 per cent drop in industrial output in August, the biggest fall since the 2008 global financial crisis, though some of that was due to strike action at automakers. Stocks in Seoul eased 0.3 per cent.
MSCI's emerging markets index had also been dragged down by big losses in Brazil.
The Brazilian real fell to a near six-year low and the benchmark Bovespa index notched its biggest one-day drop in more than three years after a poll showed President Dilma Rousseff gaining on challenger Marina Silva ahead of Sunday's election. The Bovespa fell 4.5 per cent.
Asian markets got no help from Wall Street, where the Dow closed down 0.25 per cent on Monday, while the S&P 500 fell 0.25 per cent and the Nasdaq 0.14 per cent.
Shares of companies exposed to Hong Kong fell, with HSBC down 2.3 percent and luxury goods group Richemont off 1.7 per cent.
There was better news for Apple Inc after China approved the sales of the iPhone 6 in the country.
The iPhone 6 had been released in other countries on September 19 but Apple did not give a date for China, the world's largest smartphone market.
Dollar on a roll
The US dollar hovered at a four-year peak against a basket of major currencies and its gains of 3.5 per cent so far this month were the largest since February 2013.
The scale of the gains tempted profit-takers on Tuesday and the dollar took a small step back to 109.34 yen and off a six-year high of 109.75 hit overnight.
The euro came within a whisker of its November 2012 trough of $1.2661 before edging back up to $1.2693.
One of the worst-performing major currencies this month was the New Zealand dollar, which is down nearly 7 per cent.
Data on Monday confirming the Reserve Bank of New Zealand had intervened to weaken the currency sent it as low as $0.7708, before a bounce to $0.7802.
The stronger US dollar has been a heavyweight on many commodities since it makes them more expensive for buyers using other currencies.
Spot gold was down at $1,216.50 an ounce, not far from last week's trough at $1,206.85 and poised to post its sharpest monthly loss since June 2013.
U.S. crude oil eased a couple of cents to $94.55 a barrel, after managing a modest rally on Monday. Brent nudged up 5 cents to $97.25 but remained uncomfortably close to its recent two-year low.
Oil prices on both sides of the Atlantic were on track for their third monthly loss in a row due to ample supply and subdued demand in Europe and China.
(This article was published on September 30, 2014)
Related

Sensex up 89 points; consumer durables  healthcare stocks upSensex ends flat after a wild swing
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 30:  
Sensex closed flat with a gain of 33 points after roller-coaster rider influenced by the RBI credit policy.
The benchmark Sensex opened on the higher side at 26,611 against the previous close 26,597. It made a high of 26,851 and low of 26,481 before closing at 26,631. The turnover on BSE was up at Rs 3,821 crore against Rs 2,742 crore registered on Monday.
In NSE, the Nifty was up six points at 7,965.
The Reserve Bank of India kept the key bank rates unchanged after a monetary policy review on Tuesday as it waited for more signs of inflation retreating. Interest rate sensitive banking and realty stocks declined after the RBI policy review. PSU oil market companies gained ahead their fortnightly fuel price revision on Wednesday. Tyre stocks rose across the board on persistent fall in rubber prices.
Maruti Suzuki rose two per cent to Rs 3,064. The company announced after market hours on Tuesday that it will proactively inspect and repair the wiring harness fitment of 69,555 diesel vehicles manufactured between March, 2010 and August, 2013. This exercise is limited to vehicles within the above specified range and does not pertain to any other vehicle of the company or its exports. The problem was noticed based on feedback monitoring and internal checks by the company. Accordingly proactive action has been initiated in the interest of customers, said the company.
PSU bank stocks declined after Financial Services Secretary GS Sandhu was quoted on Tuesday saying that state-run banks will soon start raising funds from markets, as part of government's efforts to infuse capital into banks to meet the Basel III norms.
Among public sector banks that declined include Bank of India (-4%), Union Bank of India (-3%), IDBI Bank (-2%), Canara Bank (-2%) and State Bank of India (-0.21%), edged lower.
The major gainers include Eicher Motors (6%), JP Infratech (6%), Apollo Tyres (6%), MRF (5%), Bhushan Steel (5%), Marico (5%) and GSK Consumer Healthcare (5%).
Prominent losers include IndiaBulls Real Estate (-5%), GMR Infra (-5%), Suzlon (-5%), Unitech (-5%), DLF (-5%), JSW Steel (-4%), Shriram Transport Finance (-4%).
(This article was published on September 30, 2014)
Related

Intex launches 3 Android KitKat phones in its Aqua Star series; Starts at Rs 6 990Intex has launched Aqua Star, Aqua Star HD and Aqua Star Power at a price of Rs. 6,990, Rs. 8,690 and Rs. 7,490 respectively. All the models come with a unique selfie feature.
Written by Debashis Sarkar | Goa | Posted: September 26, 2014 7:09 pm | Updated: September 26, 2014 7:14 pm
 
Intex Technologies has announced the launch of three smartphones – Aqua Star, Aqua Star HD and Aqua Star Power at a price of Rs. 6,990, Rs. 8,690 and Rs. 7,490 respectively. All the smartphones in the Aqua Star series comes with a unique feature that allow users to take selfies with the rear camera by clicking the volume rocker keys of the phone. Users can also click selfies (with the rear camera) by pressing the volume rocker keys of the earphone or Bluetooth headset.
The cheapest in the series is the Aqua Star model, priced at Rs. 6,990. The device with a 5-inch FWVGA IPS display at a resolution of 854 x 480 pixels runs on Android 4.4.2 KitKat OS and 1.3 GHz quad-core Mediatek (MT 6582M) processor with 1 GB RAM. With dual-SIM functionality (3G+2G), the phone features an 8 MP rear camera along with a 2MP front camera. It has 8 GB of internal memory which can be expanded up to 32 GB and is powered by a 2,000 mAh battery.
Next in line is the Intex Aqua Star HD featuring a 5-inch HD IPS display with OGS at aresolution of 1280 x 720 pixels is priced at Rs. 8,690. The device features a 13 MP auto focus rear camera along with a 5 MP front camera and is powered by a 1,800 mAh battery. Rest of the specs is similar to the Aqua Star.
Intex Aqua Star Power boasts a 3,000 mAh battery which can deliver up to 12 hours of 3G talktime along with 15 days of battery life on standby. The Aqua Star Power is priced at Rs. 7,490. The device sports a 4.5-inch FWVGA IPS display at a resolution of 854 x 480 pixels along with an 8 MP auto focus rear camera and a 2 MP front camera. Rest of the specs is similar to the Aqua Star.
All the models support USB OTG connectivity which helps users to connect their pen drives to the smartphone. Intex will give an USB OTG cable for free along with Aqua Star HD and Aqua Star Power models.
Key specs in common:

Credit Score Dropped After Clearing Loan Here s What to DoKisan Vikas Patra Vs Bank FD: What You Should Know
Very often, people ask why their credit score dropped after they cleared their loans. Isn't clearing a loan a good idea? Then why does it lead to a drop in score? Should you be worried about such a drop in score? How can you avoid this? For this it is important to understand the factors that go into calculating the credit score from Credit Information Bureau of India Limited (Cibil), India's leading credit information company.
Yesh Naidu, a 30 year old Mumbai-based computer graphic designer, was on cloud nine this April. He had cleared his three-year long student loan. It freed almost 50 per cent of his salary, which he paid as EMI (equated monthly installment) to clear the loan. Soon, he wanted a car. So he chose a brand new Maruti Swift VXI and was surprised to see that his Cibil credit score had dropped.
"It is not that my loan application was rejected. It is just that I do not understand why my score fell from 790 to 750 when I cleared my student loan? Isn't clearing a student loan a healthy sign of my finances?" Mr Naidu said.
When he came to us, we felt the need to enumerate the factors that go into deciding the Cibil credit score. Here are the factors:
Repayment history: Is the customer paying back his dues on time? Has he defaulted in the past? This forms the most important characteristic of your Cibil score. On-time payments will ensure you a good score.
Credit Utilization: How much credit is this consumer using? It is important to keep your credit utilization below 30 per cent.
Types of credit: Do you have only credit cards? Or do you have a healthy mix of home loan, student loan, auto loan and credit card? Having only credit cards and personal loans is a definite score dropper.
    
Number of inquiries: Has this consumer applied for new loans? If yes, how many loan applications? How many were rejected? Avoid too many inquiries as it indicates 'credit hungry' behavior to the lenders. Besides, each inquiry costs you 5-10 points of your score.
Credit Age: How much experience does the consumer have in handling his credit? If you have been servicing debt for a longer period of time and handling it responsibly, it is going to have a positive impact on your score.
While the above-mentioned factors are by and large common to most credit scoring algorithms, it is important to understand that every credit profile is different and showcases varied credit behavior. The score is calculated based on the person's credit profile parameters at that point in time.
So, typically when you clear a loan, it is important to understand that you are closing a line of credit. Having low credit utilization is good for your Cibil credit score, but having no credit utilization is bad. But it is a temporary situation. Also such a drop may not be drastic, it may fall anywhere between 20 and 40 points.
So, if you are at 810 and it falls to 790, it is still a good score and your future lenders wont frown looking at this drop. About 80 per cent of the new loans are sanctioned to individuals with a Cibil score of 750 or more. Hence, keeping a score above 750 becomes vital.
Disclaimer: All information in this article has been provided by Creditvidya.com and NDTV Profit is not responsible for the accuracy and completeness of the same.
Story first published on: September 28, 2014 18:35 (IST)

DLF Under Scanner for Alleged Service Tax Evasion: ReportSebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
New Delhi: Real estate major DLF has come under the scanner of central revenue officials for allegedly evading service tax to the tune of about Rs 30 crore.
A case against DLF has been registered by the Directorate General of Central Excise Intelligence (DGCEI) for alleged non -payment of service tax over transfer of development rights to other firms, official sources said.
The liability for payment of service tax is on the owners who transfer land to others. DLF did not discharge its service tax liability on the consideration received towards transfer of the development rights of its land, they said.
When contacted by PTI, DLF denied any charge of service tax evasion by it and any of its group companies.
"We will like to deny any charges of evasion of service tax by any group company. The matter of development rights has been under discussion with the tax authorities because development rights are a part of an immovable property and hence not subject to service tax.
"We adhere to the highest standards of compliance in all tax matters and are hopeful of an early and satisfactory resolution of this issue with them," a DLF spokesperson said.
Story first published on: September 28, 2014 17:55 (IST)

Modi`s US visit and its biz connotationsModi's US visit and its biz connotations
By Reema Sharma |                              Last Updated: Tuesday, September 23, 2014 - 17:55
0
While the Obama administration is all set to give a red carpet welcome to Prime Minister Narendra Modi, the business sector in India is both excited and hopeful that the trip will yield positive results for the Indian economy.
 
Modi's much touted US visit has generated a lot of expectations from both sides. However, the Indian PM must address a few major concerns when he meets US President Barack Obama.
 
Resolving the visa and immigration Issue
 
The H1B visa issue will be closely watched by the Indian information technology sector. US accounts for 61 percent of total exports of the Indian IT industry, and the US Immigration Bill in its current form puts restrictions on IT companies on hiring employees on H-1B visas, which are temporary work visas for non-immigrant workers in speciality occupations.
 
This has led to a higher number of H-1B visa applications by Indian IT majors such as Infosys, TCS and Wipro getting rejected - to the benefit of emerging markets like Philippines and Indonesia.
 
Foreign-born workers under the H-1B visa programme can typically be employed for three years by a sponsor company and apply to stay longer, but the use of the programme came under the scanner after the US Senate debated comprehensive immigration reform.
 
The industry has high hopes that Modi would provide a platform for positive discussions on the long pending immigration and visa issues.
 
India, US bilateral trade
 
Narendra Modi's meeting with American President Barack Obama is also expected to impart new momentum to the strategic partnership between the two countries. India has received about USD 12 billion in FDI from the US companies during April 2000 to March 2014.
 
In order to further strengthen the relations on the economic front, Modi's visit may see some forward movement on global free trade agreement (FTA) deadlock.
 
The business lobby also expects Narendra Modi to revisit its stand on the policy of 51 percent FDI in multi-brand retail that was passed by the outgoing UPA-2 government. Though, FDI in fields like education and online multi-brand retail remains fully closed, other sectors like insurance, pension and defence have been partially opened up.
 
The news of French retail giant Carrefour shutting down its five cash and carry stores in India, couple of months ago, has dealt a severe blow to the optimism around foreign investment in India. The Indian industry keenly wants revision in the norms of mandatory sourcing requirements from local small and medium enterprises to allow entry of multinationals in the country.
 
While industry watchers believe that there is an urgent need to simplify labour laws and taxation to attract American businesses into India, it will be interesting to see as to how the Modi government in India will push ahead on reforms.
 
WTO Deal
 
While global economic powerhouses want the successful conclusion of the WTO Bali Agreement, India's stand on the same has not been well appreciated. Major economies, including the US, have criticised India for its hard stance. The WTO member countries were not able to arrive at a consensus by the July 30 deadline due to strong opposition from New Delhi.
 
Amid India's tough posture over the food security issue, Modi's visit might bring optimism of finding a solution. Meanwhile it is also expected that the visit might bring an early conclusion of the Totalisation Agreement with America under which the expatriate in either country need not contribute to social security schemes of the host country.
Breakfast meeting with corporate honchos
Narendra Modi's upcoming monumental first visit to the United States will begin with a breakfast meeting with a select group of 10 CEOs. With economic development his key priority, Modi is expected to interact with the American business community in both New York and Washington DC.
In his interactions with top American CEOs, a significant majority of them are likely to be from Fortune 200 and almost all of them from Fortune 500,  Modi would be rolling out his policy of “red carpet” and not “red tape” to invite them to come, invest and “make in India”.
In New York, Modi will have one-to-one interaction with five key corporate and finance leaders with an aim to interest them to invest in India. He will be meeting with corporate leaders like Ginni Rometty of IBM, Marilyn Hewson of Lockheed Martin and Jeff Immelt of GE.
Modi will also meet with Michael Bloomberg, mainly because of his involvement in smart city projects. The Prime Minister is interested in seeking his views on the ambitions 100 smart cities project that his government has undertaken after coming to power in May this year.
Modi's meeting with the US business stalwarts will hold a lot of significance since it will be instrumental in deciding the direction of PM's pre-poll promise on job and employment.
Patent Row
India has time and again accused the US of taking "unilateral measure" to pressurise countries to accept Intellectual Property Rights (IPR) protection beyond WTO obligations.
While the Obama administration had been strongly criticising India's investment climate and IPR laws, especially in the pharmaceutical and solar sectors, India has always maintained that its Patents Act related to pharmaceutical products is not discriminatory against foreign companies.
Modi's visit with Obama will also be important for the Pharma industries amidst expectations that India’s stand on intellectual property regime remains assertive and firm. Indian Pharma sector is hopeful that the PM's visit will withstand pressures from the Obama administration over concessions on IP issues.
The euphoria around Narendra Modi has encompassed all and sundry. If the new government, which has recently completed 100 days in office, has to deliver on its promise of ‘acche din’ (good days), it must ensure that Prime Minister’s visit to US brings gains like big ticket investments in the country.
 
The meeting between a superpower and an emerging power is bound to have major business connotation for both the nations.
First Published: Tuesday, September 23, 2014 - 17:55
0

Mobilio outsells Ertiga  Innova in its debut monthMobilio outsells Ertiga, Innova in its debut month
By Nabeel A Khan & Deepanshu Tomar, ET Bureau | 29 Sep, 2014, 04.54AM IST
Honda sold 5,539 units of the multi-purpose seven-seat vehicle in August, according to data from the Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: In its first month of launch, Honda Motor's Mobilio has captured the second spot in India's utility vehicles market, outselling Toyota Motor's Innova and Maruti Suzuki's Ertiga.
Honda sold 5,539 units of the multi-purpose seven-seat vehicle in August, according to data from the Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers. The data indicate the Mobilio eating into the market share of similarly sized Innova and Ertiga as well as Ford Motor's compact sportutility vehicle EcoSport. The Ford vehicle kept its fourth place intact as the Ertiga fell two places down to the fifth spot on the list led by Mahindra & Mahindra's Bolero, which still sees strong demand, especially from rural and semi-urban buyers, despite being in the market for many years.
"The response to the Honda Mobilio has been very good from the market. We are confident that it will continue to expand the MPV segment in India," said Jnaneswar Sen, senior vice-president for marketing and sales at Honda Cars India. According to Sen, the initial data showed that 42% of the Mobilio customers were from joint families.
In the first month (50 days) of its launch in 2012, Maruti sold 6,802 units of the Ertiga.
Honda sold 5,530 Mobilios in the first month (39 days) despite having a much smaller dealer network. These numbers are of vehicles the companies dispatched from factories, not retail sales.
"Most often it is seen that the first month of launch of a car, the customer response is quite good," said Subrata Ray, senior vice-president, corporate ratings, at ratings firm ICRA .
Experts say apart from the new launch euphoria, the Mobilio has an edge over the Ertiga in terms of space and drive quality. Another factor going in favour of the new vehicle is the reputation of Honda.
"Honda has a much better reputation and Mobilio has been positioned as a personal vehicle while other competitors like Ertiga have mostly fleetowner and commercial buyers," said automobile expert Murad Ali Baig. Mobilio is much more comfortable as a personal vehicle, so it will sustain growth in the short term, he said.
Mahindra's Scorpio fell to the eighth spot in August from fifth, probably because of anticipation of its new version that the company introduced in September.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Toyota revives plan to launch Lexus in IndiaToyota revives plan to launch Lexus in India
By Chanchal Pal Chauhan , ET Bureau | 29 Sep, 2014, 05.18AM IST
Toyota sells Lexus across all major markets, with US being the largest. It deferred the plan to bring Lexus here in 2012 because of high import duty and a sluggish local auto market.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Toyota Motor has revived plans to launch its Lexus luxury brand in India where sales of high-end vehicles have bucked the trend in an otherwise weak auto market by growing at a double-digit pace for three straight years.
Toyota sells Lexus across all major markets, with US being the largest. It deferred the plan to bring Lexus here in 2012 because of high import duty and a sluggish local auto market.
In the luxury car market — ruled by German majors Audi , BMW and Daimler's Mercedes-Benz — sales, however, have nearly doubled between 2010 and 2014. With increasing disposable incomes of Indians and an improving economy, Toyota now expects the growth in the luxury market to remain strong and is seeking a slice of that. "The luxury car space is a prized segment ... We need to go for that," said Naomi Ishii , managing director of Toyota Kirloskar Motor , the local unit of the Japanese automaker.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Panneerselvam sworn in as Tamil Nadu s new CMYou are here: Home > Collections
Jayalalithaa's trusted aide Panneerselvam sworn as Tamil Nadu's new chief minister
V Prem Shanker, ET Bureau Sep 29, 2014, 04.15AM IST
Tags:
AIADMK
(Described as "Mr Faithful",…)
CHENNAI: When J Jayalalithaa's tried and trusted political lieutenant O Panneerselvam takes oath as Tamil Nadu chief minister on Monday, he has his first task cut out: to "move heaven and earth" to secure bail for his party supremo currently lodged in a Bangalore prison after being convicted in a disproportionate assets case.
Party sources told ET that their legal team was doing everything possible to get the Chief Justice of the Karnataka high court to convene a special bench to hear Jayalalithaa's bail petition in HC on Monday or Tuesday. Noted lawyer and former Union law minister Ram Jethmalani is likely to appear on behalf of Jaya in HC. As an immediate relief, Jaya will first seek bail which will be followed by an appeal against the judgment.
In Chennai, a team of glumfaced MLAs — a few even wailing — signed on the dotted line at a meeting in the party HQ on Sunday evening electing finance m i n i s t e r Panneerselvam as the legislative party leader.
AIADMK sources said the swearing in will be a sombre affair. "The effort will be to finish off the ceremony as soon as possible to send a strong message to the cadres that Panneerselvam is just a substitute till Amma returns," a party functionary told ET.
This would be the second time that Panneerselvam gets sworn in as the CM. Jaya had handed over the responsibility to him in 2001 following her conviction in the TANSI land case. Back home in Periyakulam, Theni district, where Panneerselvam grew up, stories of his humility and valour began doing the rounds all over again. Damodaran, a classmate and close friend of Panneerselvam, said: "He has remained humble and loyal all his life to the party and its leader." Damodaran is the local leader of an MGR Forum attached to AIADMK in Periayakulam.
"Panneerselvam has always risen to the occasion. When a local tank had breached, Panneerselvam as a young lad had then led a team with all of us to plug the breach. Even a couple of months ago when he witnessed a road accident on the highway between Trichy and Chennai, OP took the victim in his car and got her admitted at the hospital," Damodaran added.
Panneerselvam's father Ottakara Thevar was a farmer and ran a tea shop in Pariyakulam town in Theni district. OP completed his schooling and graduation in Periayakulam and while helping out his father in the Tea shop, he was actively involved in political work. He started small as the party's ward councillor and went on to become Periyakulam Municipality Chairman. He grew through the ranks and became MLA for Pe r i yakulam Constituency in 2001. His fortunes looked up when he came to the attention of TTV Dinakaran, nephew of Jaya's close aide Sasikala.
In 2001, when Jayalalithaa had to step down over a corruption case, she had appointed Panneerselvam as her stand-in. He was "shell-shocked" over the announcement. But his work as a substitute in running a proxy government has clearly impressed the party chief enough to give him a second opportunity now.
FEATURED ARTICLES

J Jayalalithas case points to legal  political failingsJ Jayalalithaa’s case points to legal, political failings
ET Bureau Sep 29, 2014, 05.50AM IST
Tags:
AIADMK
(Political parties need…)
A Special Court in Bangalore finding Tamil Nadu CM J Jayalalithaa guilty in an 18-year-old disproportionate assets case, and sentencing her to four years in jail and a Rs 100-crore fine, is one of the few examples of a powerful politician being held accountable for graft in our endemically corrupt political system. So, the court's ruling is of symbolic value. Unless overturned by a higher court, the judgment means Jayalalithaa cannot contest elections for 10 years and, under the new guidelines for elected officials, will have to resign as CM. Law and order in the state might become an issue, though a proxy CM has been nominated.
But, clearly, cases like this one are the exception rather than the rule for politicians in this land. Simply, the lady isn't alone in allegedly amassing vast fortunes while in a position of power. Many others have, continue to, and will keep doing the same. The problem is wider, and has to do with how political funding works in India.
But first, consider the long years it took for this case to reach this conclusion. In between, the case was shifted out of Tamil Nadu, dragged on through Jayalalithaa's stints as chief minister , the appointment of Special Public Prosecutors became an issue all by itself, judges retired and were replaced. It seems unjustifiable to call such delays in our judicial process a case of justice not being denied, just merely delayed. Why can't we have such cases, as others, being decided within a time frame of, say, a couple of years, including any appeals process? This posits the need for judicial reform: from huge expansion and professionalism and even new IT systems. It isn't really a matter of choice any more, but a desperate need.
Political parties need money, and lots of it. They end up collecting and spending these vast sums in underhand ways — the sums they officially report are just a fraction of the real deal. This patronage and extortion at the political level corrupts the administration and, hence, almost all spheres of public life. The answer is to make political funding transparent. But given the moolah to be made, will our politicians agree?
FEATURED ARTICLES

J Jayalalithaa Verdict: How the case unfolded(Jayalalithaa is the first…)
By Sudha G Tilak
Looking back at the years between 1991 and 1996, the political scene in Tamil Nadu could best be described as crude. There was no social media for governments to disseminate information.
There were only a few regional television channels for relaying information. Journalists would routinely wait on the footpath outside the fortressed walls of the posh Poes Garden residence in Madras of the new chief minister for sound bites that would never be made, and press meets that didn't happen from chief minister J Jayalalithaa or her government representatives.
Twenty-two years later on September 27, a verdict by a special court in Bangalore has pronounced Jayalalithaa as guilty of amassing wealth of Rs 66.65 crore — an amount disproportionate to her known sources of income — during her first term in office.
The court has sentenced her to four-year imprisonment and a Rs 100-crore fine. This was unimaginable when the case started 18 years ago.
Happily, though, it has happened.
Jayalalithaa is the first serving CM in India to be convicted and disqualified as a legislator. This landmark chapter in the saga of crimes and punishments in India throws up many questions about the future of Tamil Nadu's political landscape.
Following the amendment of the Representation of the People's Act in 2001 ruling, she cannot contest an election for the next six years from her date of release, leaving her in political exile for the next 10 years. The main opposition, the Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (DMK), is mired in family wars, scams and corruption issues of its own. In a state where leadership and personality cults are strong, a party without someone at its helm will not command much confidence among the voters.
The near future may also see a change from the primacy of regional parties to the rise of national players such as the BJP that will try to wheedle in to fill the vacuum likely to be created in TN. Used to the cultural comforts of having Dravidian parties in the fray, the electorate may take time to align with national parties.
The lack of strong and prominent politicians in both the BJP and the Congress in TN for decades needs to be rectified now. Alliances made with minor regional players should be a way forward for their presence to grow. Whether the DMK still has the muscle to resist this foray remains to be seen, especially in the run up to the 2016 assembly elections.
Unlike her first stint as CM, Jayalalithaa appeared to be a more sober sartorial figure this time around, dishing out populist schemes and winning elections with or without the support of national parties. Much water has flown down the Cooum since her first term, and popular memory is filled with scams of recent vintage committed by the DMK that have been bigger and more brash.
What is ironic is that the people of Tamil Nadu have always given Jayalalithaa a second chance despite her excesses, corruption charges and political vendettas. In her earliest public persona, she appeared more standoffish than the average Tamil woman. She was a potent caricature in her cape, dazzling Kanjeevaram silks, glittering diamonds and the owner of 750 pairs of footwear in her closet, earning her the title of 'Imelda Marcos of India'. And yet, she was reelected to serve four terms as chief minister of the state.
In a culture that salutes masculinity, political correctness or gendersensitivity was damned in private and public discourses. Jayalalithaa's former profession as an actress was held up as a disparaging reminder of her past, her friendship with Sasikala Natarajan was heckled, and her loneliness taunted with aggression. No one in his worst days stopped hailing her bete noire M Karunanidhi of the DMK as 'Kalaigner' (The Artist). No one ever referred to his former profession as the master of purple prose. Jayalalithaa's grand title, 'Puratchi Thalaivi' (Revolutionary Leader) or 'Amma' (Mother) was a ready matter for mirth.
Electorates are not happy with corrupt governance but unhappier with no governance at all. The AIADMK's lack of leadership and the DMK's internal chaos make for uncertain political times for Tamil Nadu. What is more worrying is whether Tamil Nadu, a developed state and the second-largest economy in the country, will be able to maintain its economic indices in the face of political uncertainty.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rajan unlikely to cut rates in Sept 30 monetary policyRBI governor Raghuram Rajan unlikely to cut rates in September 30 monetary policy
Saikat Das & MC Govardhana Rangan, ET Bureau Sep 29, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Arun Jaitley
(Although Rajan's stance…)
MUMBAI: Almost no one expects Reserve Bank of India governor Raghuram Rajan to reduce interest rates at the September 30 monetary policy announcement despite all the recent good news. In the year since he took over last September, Rajan has made amply clear he's not swayed by sentiment and that, as the governor said in August, he's determined to quell inflation "once and for all".
This recent good news has included Standard & Poor's upgrading its outlook on India's rating to stable from negative and finance minister Arun Jaitley cutting the government's borrowing target for the fiscal year by Rs 8,000 crore as revenue picks up on the back of a reviving economy and in anticipation of a blockbuster asset-sale programme, besides other money expected to come into the exchequer's coffers and improve government finances.
Rajan has said that he'll keep interest rates unchanged until there are convincing signs of inflation falling to 6% by January 2016. Those seeking signs of a possible easing of policy will look for the socalled 'fan chart' forecasting inflation, which may be pointing lower than in August due to sliding commodity prices and improving government finances.
RBI guidance may be peppered with words such as "data dependent" and "vigilant" without giving much away despite all-round improvement as Rajan would prefer to avoid what happened after the last policy statement, which for some in the market regarded as being 'in conflict' with the one before that. But Rajan said investors misread him.
None of the 14 economists and fund managers polled by ET are factoring in a cut anytime soon despite slowing inflation.
The consumer price index reflects the drop in shopping bills for potatoes, tomatoes and onions, which are at least 30% lower than their recent peaks. That should comfort Rajan, for whom food prices are a key determinant of monetary policy since it pinches the pockets of more than three fourths of the population.
Lower food prices despite a deficient monsoon, which sparked fears of a runaway price increase in vegetables and fruits, means the inflation expectations of people may also be easing.
Two-thirds of the fund managers and economists polled by ET believe there could be a further reduction in the statutory liquidity ratio, the proportion of deposits that banks have to hold in government bonds as he prepares the ground for banks to lend freely when demand revives, which is likely if economic revival takes hold as expected.
Almost the same number—two out of three surveyed--expect the first interest rate cut to come between February and June, and the remaining believe it could be in the second half of the next calendar year.
The key repo rate, at which RBI lends to banks, is at 8%, while SLR is 22%. The cash reserve ratio, the proportion of deposits that has to be kept with the RBI without any interest, is at 4%. The bimonthly monetary policy review is scheduled to be announced on Tuesday at 11 am.
"The effectiveness of policy measures for controlling both food as well as core inflation will determine if, and by how much, rates can be cut," said Saugata Bhattacharya, chief economist at Axis Bank. "The inflation fan chart is likely to be centred at around 7.5%, down from 8% in the last review, and likely to meet the first waypoint in the two-year glide path."
Rajan, who has raised rates thrice since last September, has been adamant that the back of inflation needs to be broken if the country has to get back to the path of sustainable, high economic growth. Unless savers are provided positive real returns, the financial system may become skewed and any interest rate reduction could be temporary, forcing the RBI to reverse its stance quickly.
"The problem in the last few fights against inflation has been that every time we look like we are succeeding, the clamour arises— Oh, we have had high interest rates, inflation is coming down, why don't you cut interest rates?" Rajan said in August. "And it is true that we don't want higher rates for longer than we need to have, but we don't want to keep fighting inflation every two years. And that's what we have been doing for the last six years. So our point is let us try, and reliably bring down inflation."
Inflation as measured by the consumer price index in August slowed to 7.80% from 7.96% in July. Wholesale price index-based inflation also fell in August--to 3.47%, near a five-year low.
Although Rajan's stance has drawn protests from industry and short-term investors, the Narendra Modi government has backed him with Jaitley holding off from calling for a reduction in rates.
Meanwhile, indications of an improvement in economic activity, easing price pressures and better government finances led to Standard & Poor's outlook revision. The next step can only be a rating upgrade, which means more investment money pouring into India.

View: Its the right time for RBI to go for rate cutIt’s the right time for RBI to go for rate cut
Sep 29, 2014, 10.23AM IST
Tags:
(In CPI, food and fuel have…)
By Nirmal Jain
In 1947, Shanmukham Chetty, the first finance minister of Independent India, commented in his Budget speech regarding persistent inflation and food shortage - "The only real answer to inflation is to increase our internal production and, thereby, close the gap between the available supplies and purchasing power." In 1974, the renowned industrialist late KK Birla, then FICCI president, wrote to then Prime Minister Indira Gandhi, criticising tight monetary policy and raising of interest rate stating, "Demand management policies have played out their role and should not be allowed to outlive their utility. Let us shift the focus now on revival of demand and, in particular, supply expansion." The logic is as relevant today as it was then.
Currently, the reason for tight monetary policy is high inflation as indicated by CPI numbers. In CPI, food and fuel have close to 60% weightage. In my opinion, food & fuel prices are as uncontrollable by RBI as 'atrocities against women' or 'Vitamin D deficiency in kids'. What then is the real purpose served by tight monetary policies? Is it the core inflation (other than food or fuel) or is it to manage inflationary expectations? Whatever be the case, there ought to be clarity on the drivers for policy decisions.
But I have another more important question. "Is food inflation really bad?" Most of us have economic dictums hard wired in our mind, since we studied Economics books of Milton Friedman and others at college. For instance, inflation is a demon that needs to be exorcised and tight money and high interest are the weapons for the same. When everybody from World Bank, global rating agencies, policy makers and government subscribe to the same theory about inflation and tight money, my argument may sound like heresy. It still deserves a patient hearing.
Most economists theorised the backdrop of early industrialisation where a few producers were exploiting a large number of consumers and making abnormal inventory profit. Inflation was a tax on the poor, dwindling their real income. However, food inflation situation in India is very different.
There are large numbers of fragmented small farmers who produce more than what they consume and actually benefit from inventory profit. It is the urban middle class that suffers. As all journalists live in urban areas, the subject gets unduly highlighted in the media. All of us know about the political upheaval caused by onion prices touching Rs 100/kg. However, the flipside of it did not get much publicity. When onion prices plummeted to Rs 1/kg, many farmers were driven to commit suicide. In fact, most farmer suicides have been driven by glut and steep drop in food prices. Therefore, if food inflation is the subject matter of monetary policy, RBI would be expected to contain the damage from food deflation driving farmers to penury and suicide.
It would be a subject matter of a different discussion, but the reality is that artificially low food inflation in the last six decades in India is the key reason for famers to perpetuate in poverty. Consider the paradox that farmer's per capita income has become one-third of his counterpart working in the industries or services since Independence, when every government and every budget has had subsidies and more than proportionate allocation for farmer and agriculture. Just as food and fuel inflation are beyond the control of monetary policy, so is the fall in their prices or deflation. If global crude prices fall and food inflation is lower due to the elevated base of last 3 years, we may well see headline inflation numbers falling. It would be a comedy of errors to attribute the same to the monetary policy. On the other hand, if it really affects growth, investment and thereby denies or delays job opportunities to millions, it would be a tragedy of errors for the nation.
I strongly feel that this is the opportune time for the interest rate cut to happen because global commodity prices have fallen, domestic core inflation is down, fiscal and current account deficits are trending down and sentiment for investment is improving. Bank credit growth has fallen below 10% per annum and investment cycle has practically collapsed.
When the current RBI governor took charge, his brilliant masterstroke and a calculated gamble of allowing FCNR B deposits did the magic. Everyone agrees that the move was the game changer and one of key building blocks for today's optimism. Today, Indian economy seems set to accelerate and rate cut is the timely impetus it needs.
Author is Chairman, India Infoline
FEATURED ARTICLES

RBI unlikely to change interest rates on September 30: S Krishnakumarcommentary
("The food inflation is something…)
In a chat with ET Now, S KrishnaKumar, Head Equity, Sundaram Mutual, shares his views on the market and the upcoming RBI policy on September 30. Excerpts:
ET Now: Let's talk about the big action in the market on Friday. The speed at which market rebounded, almost 80-90 points on the Nifty from lows, mainly on the S&P outlook upgrade, how do you analyse this development?
S Krishnakumar: This was expected to happen sometime now in terms of the outlook being raised to stable. However, the more important expectation would be to see the credit rating being upgraded, which would happen over the next one or two quarters. So that would be more important from the cost of funds perspective rather than just outlook upgrade. The other rating agencies already have India's outlook at stable. So it is just that S&P has been moving up to match the others.
ET Now: How are you looking at this correction that we have seen with the Nifty and the Sensex almost 2 per cent down for the week? Should we be reading a lot more into it?
S Krishnakumar: There was some amount of excesses in the market in some of the market cap segments like small caps and midcaps and also in certain sectors. The markets were waiting for a reason to correct a little bit and consolidate. The two events which came by in terms of the coal block cancellation and delay in gas pricing announcements, both of them dampened the sentiments and resulted in triggering a correction in the markets. Our view is that as we head into the results season, the results are going to be a little disappointing compared to the current valuations and expectations. So the current month could be a time where the markets could again move sideways rather than getting into a fresh near-term up market. However, we remain positive on the long run and we think investors should use this kind of time correction to get into the markets.
ET Now: Let us talk about the big factor which the market would be watching out for next week and that is of course the RBI policy scheduled on September 30. What would you be watching out for as a market participant as cues from the commentary of the governor ?
S Krishnakumar: Dr. Raghuram Rajan has clearly guided for an inflation glide and rate glide that would accompany it. So we think we are going to continue to be on a pause at this point in time. There is enough liquidity in the market. So that is not a worry. We would expect the RBI to probably look at easing rates over the next three months as we get more data from the inflation front, mainly the food inflation side. We believe that the non-food inflation is definitely on the way down and that is not a cause of worry. The food inflation is something that RBI would be keenly watching out for and the trajectory would determine rate action. So we would expect a pause at this point in time.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Capital goods firms see light at the end of the tunnelCapital goods firms see light at the end of the tunnel
Aneesh Phadnis | Mumbai Sep 30, 2014 12:50 AM IST
Capital goods companies have been battling a severe downturn over the past couple of years, as orders thinned over projects stalled in an economic downturn and for lack of clearances. Payment cycles worsened as power distributors delayed payments and companies, in turn, squeezed their suppliers.
There is, however, light at the end of the tunnel. Along with improving business confidence, many grounded projects are coming back on track, though top executives with capital goods companies and industry analysts said the investment cycle would take 6-24 months to revive.
“From the fourth quarter onwards, we could see a revival in certain sectors such as food processing, pharmaceuticals, textiles, chemicals and light engineering. These sectors do not require policy correction by the government,” said M S Unnikrishnan, chief executive of Thermax.
TURNAROUND IN OFFING?
The downturn is mainly because orders thinned over projects stalled in an economic downturn and for lack of clearances
Payment cycles worsened as power distributors delayed payments and companies, in turn, squeezed their suppliers
However, business confidence has improved lately
Many grounded projects are coming back on track, though top executives with capital goods companies and industry analysts said the investment cycle would take 6-24 months to revive
Softening prices of copper and aluminium are expected to boost profit margins
Sectors like power and steel are likely to lag because of unresolved issues, but oil, gas and railway projects could see a pick-up due to policy reforms. “I do not see much growth in the power sector for two years in light of the Supreme Court order cancelling coal blocks,” Unnikrishnan added.
Executives and analysts said payment problems would ease out as stalled projects started moving. This, in turn, would also lead to revenue growth. Unnikrishnan expected payment issues to sort out over the next two-three quarters.
Another positive development for the sector will be a decline in metal prices. Softening prices of copper and aluminium are expected to boost profit margins of some capital goods companies by lowering their input costs.
“Six of our transmission and distribution projects, in various stages of completion and stuck due to lack of environment clearances, have started moving as clearances have come through,” said Vimal Kejriwal, president, transmission and  distribution, of RPG-group company KEC International.
A Goldman Sachs report said sales for the capital goods sector fell in the first quarter of 2014-15 year on year but profit margins improved because of cost savings. The sales performance was better than the fourth quarter of 2013-14, which had seen a sharper eight per cent decline year on year. The report said much of the sales growth was due to overseas orders and the local market remained subdued. The companies’ order books grew two per cent in the first quarter, with Larsen & Toubro driving the growth.
Analysts said companies were dusting off capital expenditure  plans as business sentiment turned positive, but order inflows would be more in short-cycle industrial products as long-cycle projects depended on regulatory approvals.
“The business sentiment and investment outlook have significantly changed, but these are yet to translate into orders, at least for equipment makers in the power sector, which face heavy competition from overseas. Infrastructure and power producers are focused on completing projects,” said Kameswara Rao, energy and utilities head at PricewaterhouseCoopers.
Large infrastructure players, including the GMR group and the Jaypee group, are divesting assets to pare debt. Most gas-based power plants of the GMR group and the GVK group are shut due to a gas shortage. Last month, Lanco Infratech announced it would sell plants producing 3,000 Mw of electricity to reduce debt.
“We are in the development stage for various hydroelectric power projects. Fresh orders will be for construction of upcoming hydroelectric power projects. We are focused on taking forward projects in hand,” said a GMR Group spokesperson.
“The capital expenditure proposed in 2014-15 towards completion of projects is Rs 3,135 crore. The fund will be used for the Chhattisgarh project, the Bajoli Holi and Badrinath ( Alaknanda) hydroelectric projects and transmission,” the GMR spokesperson added.
“Companies will begin investing if entrepreneurship is rewarded. Banks will lend to projects when they know loans will not turn into NPAs (non-performing assets). The central government is taking steps to encourage growth. There are positive vibes,” said Nilesh Shah, chief executive of Axis Capital.
Michael Thiemann, chief executive officer of ThyssenKrupp India, hoped to see growth in infrastructure with Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s ‘Make In India’ vision. “We believe the increase in business prospects will raise global interest in local business and it will be a win-win situation for both the Indian economy and multinational conglomerates,” Thiemann said.

Shiv Sena s only minister in Modi cabinet to resignEYE BROWSE
Shiv Sena's only minister in Modi cabinet set to resign
Union Heavy Industries Minister Anant Geete will submit his resignation after the prime minister returns from his US trip.
Yahoo India –  Mon 29 Sep, 2014
Print
MUMBAI: Union Heavy Industries Minister Anant Geete is set to resign from Prime Minister Narendra Modi's cabinet following the break-up of Bharatiya Janata Party-Shiv Sena alliance last week, India Today reports.
The report adds the minister will submit his resignation after Modi returns from his US trip on Wednesday.
Geete is the only minister from Shiv Sena in the Modi government.
Three weeks before the Maharashtra assembly elections, the 25-year-old BJP-Shiv Sena alliance collapsed Thursday last week, with BJP deciding to fight the polls with smaller allies.
State BJP chief Devendra Fadnavis announced that the Bharatiya Janata Party and the Shiv Sena had "decided to go our independent ways" following the failure of seat-sharing talks.
A Shiv Sena leader who did not wish to be identified by name told IANS that the BJP's "super arrogance" -- following its victory in the Lok Sabha battle -- was to blame for the end of the alliance.
The break-up came after days of bickering over which party in the six-party Grand Alliance will contest how many seats and who will be the chief ministerial candidate.
"We tried out level best till the very last to save the alliance," a grim looking Fadnavis told the media.
"However, there was no suitable proposal from the Shiv Sena on the issue of seat-sharing which could honourably accommodate all the partners.
"Hence we have decided to go our independent ways," he said.
Responding to the development, Shiv Sena MP Anandrao Adsul alleged that the BJP's decision to dump the Sena followed its "secret understanding" with the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP).
Speculation was rife whether the Shiv Sena would now continue to remain with the BJP-led government of Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
There were reports that Anant Geete, the sole Sena minister in the Modi government, had left New Delhi for Mumbai.
Fadnavis, however, said that the BJP would continue its "friendship" with the Sena and his party would not attack the Sena during the election campaign.
"We regret and feel sad by this (development) but we had no options as the Shiv Sena did not cooperate till the last minute," he said.
"The deadline for filing nominations is Sep 27, and we were compelled to take this decision reluctantly," Fadnavis said.
BJP's Eknath Khadse, leader of the opposition in the Maharashtra assembly, said the Sena refused to budge from its stand of contesting 151 seats in the 288-member assembly.
This left 137 seats for the BJP, the Republican Party of India (A), the Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatana (SSS), the Rashtriya Samaj Paksha (RSP) and the Shiv Sangram.
Of these, he said the SSS, RSP and Shiv Sangram had decided to ally with the BJP for the Oct 15 elections.
Khadse added that the Shiv Sena's discussions centred more on the post of chief minister.
"Our united efforts were to rid Maharashtra of the Congress-NCP combine at any cost. Other things would follow," Khadse said, reiterating the BJP stand.
The Sena-BJP alliance was widely expected to seize power in the upcoming assembly elections.
Senior BJP and Shiv Sena leaders had indicated to IANS Sep 19 that the alliance was virtually over.
"It's on the verge of breaking. Only a formal announcement is awaited," a senior BJP leader had said.
Similarly, a Shiv Sena functionary hinted to IANS that the alliance "is over" but the party had decided to wait for further developments before declaring its stand. (With inputs from agencies)
Recommend

Jayalalithaa appeals in Karnataka HC against convictionUpdated: October 20, 2014 12:08 IST
Jayalalithaa appeals in Karnataka HC against conviction
Special Correspondent
The Hindu Experts say a stay on conviction is necessary to get Jayalalithaa's disqualification suspended.
TOPICS
corruption & bribery
Former Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa's appeal against Special Court's conviction order in disproportionate assets case was filed in the Karnataka High Court around 11 a.m on Monday.
Her advocates filed the appeal, with a plea seeking suspension of sentence, in the High Court's registry section.
Jayalalithaa’s aide Sasikala, her relatives V.N Sudhakaran and Ilavarasi also approached the High Court, seeking bail.
Senior Supreme Court advocate Ram Jethmalani will represent Jayalalithaa with the defence team. Earlier on Sunday, the legal team discussed options to get the sentence suspended and the conviction stayed, party sources said.
Legal experts say a stay on the conviction is deemed necessary to get her disqualification suspended. While the Supreme Court has said in many cases that the appellate court has the power to suspend both the sentence and conviction, it laid down in 2001 that when a public servant has been convicted for corruption, the conviction should not be stayed during the pendency of an appeal.
Since the High Court was on vacation, the application may be taken up by a vacation bench on Tuesday.

Government Cancels Special Economic Zones of Hindalco  Essar  AdaniYou are here: Home Corporates
Government Cancels Special Economic Zones of Hindalco, Essar, Adani
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 29, 2014 17:08 (IST)
Sebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
New Delhi: The government has cancelled approvals of nine special economic zones (SEZs) including those of Hindalco Industries, Essar and Adani as no "satisfactory" progress was made to execute the projects.
The decision was taken in a meeting of the board of approval (BoA) headed by Commerce Secretary Rajeev Kher on September 18.
"The Board noted that the progress made by the following developers/co-developers is not satisfactory. The Board, after deliberations, decided to cancel the formal approval/notification/co-developer status, as the case may be, in 9 cases," the Commerce Ministry said.
It said the developers have to refund the duty benefits availed by them.
"The approval is subject to the Development Commissioner furnishing a certificate... that the developer has not availed any tax/duty benefits under SEZ Act/Rules or has refunded any such benefits availed by it and subject to the state government furnishing it's no objection certificate to the proposal."
Hindalco Industries had proposed to set up an aluminium product SEZ in Orissa. The formal approval to the developer was granted in July 2007. The developer was granted extension from time to time and the last extension granted expired on December 31, 2013.
Essar Jamnagar SEZ Ltd, which had proposed to set up a multi-product zone in Gujarat, got formal approval in August 2006. It was expired in August 2009. The developer did not make any request for further extension of approval.
Similarly, Adani Townships & Real Estate Company Ltd had proposed an IT/ITeS zone in Gujarat. The BoA granted formal approval in June 2007, which expired in June 2010.
The developer had reported that they could not proceed with the SEZ project due to adverse demand scenario from IT sector and accordingly they are not interested in perusing the project.
The other developers whose SEZs were cancelled include Chennai Business Park, Integrated Warehousing Kandla Project Development and Gujarat Industrial Development Corporation.
As per SEZ rules, formal approval is valid for a period of three years, by which time at least one unit has to commence production and the zone becomes operational from the date of commencement of such production.
Provision to this rule provides for extension of this formal approval by BoA, for which the developer will submit his application to the concerned DC, who shall, within 15 days, forward it to the Board with his recommendations.
Story first published on: September 29, 2014 15:52 (IST)

Kolkata take on Dolphins in dead gameMore
KKR take on Dolphins in inconsequential match
Kolkata Knight Riders face Dolphins in their last league match in Oppo Champions League T20 cricket tournament here Monday.
By Indo Asian News Service | IANS –  Sun 28 Sep, 2014 9:00 PM IST
Tweet
0
Hyderabad, Sep 28 (IANS): Kolkata Knight Riders face Dolphins in their last league match in Oppo Champions League T20 cricket tournament here Monday.
Gautam Gambhir's team was the first into the semis. (BCCI)With KKR already making the semifinals and Dolphins crashing out with losses in all three matches, the group A match is inconsequential.
KKR, which won all three matches in the championship, will be looking for their 13th T20 victory in a row.
KKR assistant coach Vijay Dahiya, however, said there is no extra pressure on team to win every match.
"There is no pressure that we have to win one more game or to set any record. There is no extra pressure," he told reporters before the team's practice session at Rajiv Gandhi International Stadium here Sunday.
Dolphins, who crashed out with the defeat at the hands of Lahore Lions in Bangalore Sunday, also had a practice session here.
IPL champions KKR are taking it match by match.
"We had close games in IPL. The thinking was that let us win one game. We always believed that if we play good cricket and go to crucial juncture we can win the game but players never felt pressure that they have to keep winning," said Vijay.
"Lot of people are talking about how many games we have won. As coaching staff and as players the atmosphere in the dressing room is about playing good cricket. We always say that if you play good cricket, the results will take care of its own. We are happy that we are playing good cricket," he added.
NOT DEPENDENT ON ONE INDIVIDUAL
The assistant coach said the good thing is that the team is not dependent on any one individual.
"The way guys are finishing speaks about the teams's confidence. The way Suryakumar Yadav played in the last game was remarkable. There was no tension on him. Everbody knows how Andre Russel can deliver for the team."
Vijay believes the match against Dolphins will not be a cakewalk for KKR.
"Every day is a new day. You do't even make a mistake by thinking that it will be a cakewalk. We are playing good cricket but we have to give respect to the opposition. In T20 game you can't take any game lightly."
The assistant coach said Monday's match will be played on a new surface. He said the team enjoyed playing on this ground.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

Ram Manjhi orders probe into purification of temple after visitPrint
Manjhi claimed he was a victim of such caste bias as a temple was washed soon after his visit for obeisance. (SourcE: PTI/file)
Written by Santosh Singh | Tharthi ( Madhubani ) | Posted: September 29, 2014 7:39 pm | Updated: October 2, 2014 3:38 pm
A day after Bihar Chief Minister Jeetan Ram Manjhi alleged that a Madhubani temple and its “idol” were “washed after his visit” during the recent Assembly bypolls, state rural development minister Nitish Mishra and JD(U) MLC Vinod Kumar Singh, who had accompanied Manjhi to the temple, denied the Chief Minister’s charge. Monday also saw Manjhi ordering the Darbhanga commissioner to conduct an inquiry into the incident and asked zonal IG to follow it up. When confronted regarding Mishra and Singh’s claims, Manjhi said: “I have never lied in life,” said the CM.
Mishra told The Indian Express that the temple, to which he and Vinod Singh accompanied the CM, does not have an idol but an earthen pind. “It is an ancient Kali temple, which is open to all. DMs, BDOs and other officials from Scheduled Caste have also visited it”.
Denying the Chief Minister’s allegations of the temple having been “washed after his visit”, Mishra said: “No such thing happened. Rather, the Chief Minister was overwhelmed with the reception. He may have been misinformed about it.”
He added that had such a thing happened, a case would have been registered promptly and the entire village would have been fined.
JD(U) MLC Vinod Kumar Singh echoed what Mishra said. “Ram Lashan Ram Raman (stae Mines and Geology Minister) must have been misinformed by his people. Those people should be brought before the police and the media to give the true version,” said Singh.
On the other hand, residents of Tharhi are greatly upset at Manjhi’s allegations. The villagers demanded Manjhi “apologise to the goddess” and alleged that he “might have issued such remarks to further his Dalit politics ahead of next year’s elections”.
Parmeshwari temple priest Ashok Kumar Jha said they were pained at the allegation. “I could not even carry out regular evening cleaning that day as people continued to visit the temple till late in the evening. The clay pind in any case is never washed,” he said.
Dhanesar Ram, a Mahadalit, was beating drums at the temple amidst ongoing Durga Puja festivities. A third generation drum beater, Ram said he seldom faced casteist remarks in the Brahmin-dominated village.
Local RJD leader Ramvilas Dhangar, also a Mahadalit, said he had contested thrice from Rajnagar Assembly as BSP candidate but never faced or learnt of caste discrimination at the temple.
Shivesh Jha, a village elder, said: “We are deeply hurt. The CM should have checked his facts. We gave him so much respect and he returned the favour by playing Dalit politics”.
Villagers paraded some Mahadalits of the village on Monday evening to show that the temple does not discriminate on caste lines. Young voters were enraged and demanded Manjhi “apologise to continued…

Tata Motors ropes in Mayank Pareek as head passenger carsSep 29, 2014, 09.44 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Tata Motors ropes in Mayank Pareek as head passenger cars
Pareek will join the company on October 1, 2014 and will take over from Ranjit Yadav, who will now head International Business for Passenger and Commercial vehicles, Tata Motors said in a statement.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Tata Motors ropes in Mayank Pareek as head passenger cars
Pareek will join the company on October 1, 2014 and will take over from Ranjit Yadav, who will now head International Business for Passenger and Commercial vehicles, Tata Motors said in a statement.
Post your opinion here
 
Tata Motors  today announced appointment of former  Maruti Suzuki Chief Operating Officer (Marketing & Sales) Mayank Pareek as President of its Passenger Vehicle Business Unit (PVBU).
Pareek will join the company on October 1, 2014 and will take over from Ranjit Yadav, who will now head International Business for Passenger and Commercial vehicles, Tata Motors said in a statement.
As the President, PVBU, Pareek would be responsible for steering the passenger vehicle business. He will also be a member of the corporate steering committee, it added. "His extensive experience in the passenger car market will play a significant role in harnessing Tata Motors growth potential to help position the company as one of the leading passenger car manufacturers in India," the company said.
Pareek comes with over two decades of experience with Maruti Suzuki India Limited (MSIL) where his last role was as the Chief Operating Officer, wherein he was heading the Marketing and Sales vertical.
He was responsible for domestic marketing and sales, dealer development, product development, used car business, outbound logistics, spare parts and accessories, after-market services and international marketing and sales. He was also member of MSIL Management Committee, and a permanent invitee to the MSIL Board, the statement said.
Pareek began his career in 1982 with BHEL and worked in the manufacturing function and joined Maruti Udyog in 1991. He has a post graduate diploma in Business Management from Indian Institute of Management, Bangalore and a Bachelor of Engineering Degree from Indian Institute of Technology, BHU.
RELATED NEWS

Singareni to Open India s Biggest Underground MineSebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
New Delhi: Singareni Collieries, India's second-largest coal producer, will open the country's biggest underground mine next month with a capacity of 2.8 million tonnes per year, which should help the firm edge past its output target for this fiscal year (2014-15).
Singareni's better-than-expected output will ensure sufficient supplies to south India-based power plants it caters to, at a time when the country is facing a severe shortage of coal. Nearly half of India's power plants have less than a week's stock of the fuel.
Singareni's output is just about 10 per cent of what Coal India, the world's largest miner, digs out. But its small size and focus on one state - Telangana - has helped it beat its production targets for years, unlike Coal India that has its mines across the country.
Singareni chairman Sutirtha Bhattacharya told Reuters on Monday the company will be able to produce about 1-1.5 million in 2014-15 from the new underground mine. Most of India's mines are easy-to-operate open cast pits.
The company expects to produce a total of 55 million tonnes in the current fiscal year ending March 31, 2015, and 56 million the year after that. Its target for the current fiscal year was 54.5 million.
"We are the only company to provide more than 100 percent of what we commit to our power customers," Mr Bhattacharya said. "We also make up for others' deficits and help in lowering imports."
Most of the power plants with critical stocks are suffering from low levels of supply from Coal India, which is struggling to raise output as rains slowed activity in some mines.
Coal India fell short of its production target of 183.9 million tonnes for April-August by 8 million tonnes. The company fears it may not be able to meet its commitment of supplying 408 million tonnes to power firms this fiscal year.
The inability of Coal India - accounting for 80 percent of the country's coal output - to raise production fast enough has made India the world's third-largest coal importer despite sitting on the fifth-largest reserves.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Hong Kong democracy protests test Beijing© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/85d95cd2-478a-11e4-ba74-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Nepali boy seeks to be youngest film directorprint
Film sets can be quite unnerving for children, but Saugat Bista is very comfortable in such settings. In fact he is in control of what happens in the studio or outdoors.
This eight-year-old from Kathmandu has already directed a feature film and has his eyes set on the Guinness World Records to become the world’s youngest film director.
A student of Class II at Suryodaya School, Saugat’s film ‘Love You Baba’ is due to be released at movie theatres across Nepal this December.
Once that happens and his claim is accepted by Guinness, he will replace current record holder India’s Kishan Srikanth who directed ‘Footpath’ (2006) when he was just nine years old.
While Srikanth’s film told the story of an orphaned boy who wants to go to school, Saugat’s venture deals with the struggles of father as he attempts to raise his 10-year-old daughter alone.
“When I asked my father if I could direct a film he checked online and found that a nine year old from India had already done it. That gave him the confidence that I could also make an attempt,” Saugat told a gathering at the film’s launch last month.
Deepak Sharma Bajgain of World Records Holders’ Council of Nepal informed that proof of Saugat’s record bid are being collected to be forwarded to the Guinness World Records.
The director also makes an appearance on screen.
“The visualisation of the script turned out better than expected. We are confident that this film is worth watching and the public will like it,” he said during a promotional event on Sunday.

HK protesters turn to private internetHong Kong protesters turn to ‘private internet’ to communicate
By Hannah Kuchler in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/579f02c6-47f4-11e4-ac9f-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Jet Airways in trouble as 189 JetLite pilots line up at Vistara  IndiGoE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Nikkei 225 drops on weak dataAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Ford overcomes sales dip to boost profitsFord overcomes sales dip to boost profits
By Robert Wright in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/85be1f6a-1325-11e4-8244-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Japan s Economy Takes Another Hit as Spending  Factory Output FallRegulators Fine Global Banks $3.4 Billion in Forex Probe
Tokyo: Annual household spending in Japan fell for a fifth straight month in August and factory output unexpectedly declined, highlighting the challenges policymakers face to revive an economy reeling under the strain of a sales tax hike.
The one bright spot came in data showing the jobless rate fell in August, while the availability of jobs stayed at a 22-year high, suggesting that improvements in the job market will ease some of the pain on households.
Household spending fell 4.7 per cent in August from a year earlier, data by the internal affairs ministry showed, more than a 3.8 per cent drop forecast in a Reuters poll, weighed by an April 1 sales tax hike to 8 per cent from 5 per cent.
Although the Bank of Japan is in no mood to deploy additional easing anytime soon, a run of soft data is raising doubts about the central bank's conviction that inflation will reach its 2 per cent goal by around mid-2015.
To that extent, the BOJ's key tankan corporate survey, due on Wednesday, will be closely scrutinised by central bankers at the rate-setting meeting next week.
The headline index for large manufacturers in the BOJ tankan is viewed as a leading gauge of economic growth, while capital spending plans offer clues on the strength of business activity.
The April tax hike, which drove the economy into its biggest slump since the global financial crisis in the second quarter, is keeping up pressure on the BOJ to ease again eventually.
The government may also be forced to compile a stimulus package if weakness persists, as Prime Minister Shinzo Abe must decide by year-end whether to proceed with a second sales tax hike planned for next year.
Factory output also reflected the struggles faced by companies, which have been saddled with a pile of inventories due to weak demand both at home and abroad.
Trade ministry data showed industrial output fell 1.5 per cent in August, as hopes for solid bounce remained elusive after the post-tax hike slump.
The fall compared with economists' median estimate for a 0.2 per cent increase in a Reuters poll. It followed a 0.4 per cent rise in July and a 3.4 per cent drop in June, which was the biggest decline since the March 2011 earthquake.
Manufacturers surveyed by the ministry expect output to rise 6.0 per cent in September but decrease 0.2 per cent in October.
Despite a flagging economy, the BOJ remains confident that a tighter labour market and improving income conditions will spur private consumption that accounts for about 60 per cent of the economy, keeping it on track to meet the 2 per cent price goal.
Separate data showed the jobless rate stood at 3.5 per cent in August, down from 3.8 per cent in July, with the jobs-to-applicants ratio unchanged at a 22-year high of 1.10.
Japan's economy shrank at an annualised 7.1 per cent in the second quarter, the deepest slump since the 2009 global financial crisis as April's tax hike took a heavy toll on domestic demand.
Analysts and policymakers expect the economy will rebound in the current quarter, though some warn that the recovery may lack strength and wane later this year if the tax pain drags on.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Obama must target Narendra Modi over religious freedom in IndiaE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Michelle Obama gives Narendra Modi dinner a miss!E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Jet Airways announces celebratory pan-India airfare discounts starting Rs 700E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Gionee CTRL V4S Android KitKat smartphone at Rs 9 999E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

5 Indo-Americans in Forbes US  rich list | G...Bill Gates ranked richest American by Forbes
AP Sep 30, 2014, 07.41AM IST
Tags:
Bill Gates
(Warren Buffett, the head…)
NEW YORK: Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates topped Forbes' latest list of the 400 richest Americans for the 21st straight year.
The list, released yesterday, was largely unchanged for 2014 and showed the rich getting richer. The combined wealth of those on the list rose 13 per cent to $2.29 trillion, helped by a stronger US stock market.
Gates' net worth totaled $81 billion, up $9 billion from 2013.
Investor Warren Buffett , the head of Berkshire Hathaway Inc, remained in second place at $67 billion. Oracle Corp co-founder Larry Ellison also kept his No 3 spot with $50 billion.
Brothers Charles and David Koch, co-owners of Koch Industries Inc, stay tied for fourth with $42 billion each.
There were 27 new members of the list, including WhatsApp co-founder Jan Koum in the 62nd spot. Facebook announced plans to buy the mobile messaging app for $19 billion in February.
The biggest gainer is Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg , No 11, whose net worth grew $15 billion since last year to $34 billion.
The net worth of America's wealthiest people has risen in the years since the financial crisis, widening the gap between the exceptionally well-to-do and the rest of the country. The average net worth of a Forbes 400 member is $5.7 billion, up from $5 billion last year.
FEATURED ARTICLES

What did a fasting Narendra Modi have during Barack Obama dinnerE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Coal Block Verdict: Banks to Ask RBI for Recasting Loans  Says Financial Services SecretaryManufacturing Growth May Moderate in December Quarter: Industry Body
Mumbai: Acknowledging that the Supreme Court's order on mass cancellation of coal block licences may impact banks' asset quality, a top Finance Ministry official on Monday said the lenders will approach the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) for restructuring such assets.
"Some impact may be there, and what exactly it will be is being assessed. The banks will be talking to RBI so that they are given some kind of flexibility in restructuring those accounts...efforts will be made to avoid these accounts from becoming NPAs," Financial Services Secretary G S Sandhu said in Mumbai.
He was talking to reporters on the sidelines of the annual general meeting of Indo-American Chamber of Commerce. The Financial Services Department, which oversees functioning of all the 27 state-run banks - which control nearly three-fourths of banking system - is also talking to the coal and power ministries to ensure that the fuel supply alternatives are put in place, he said.
On the affected sectors, Mr Sandhu said banks have lent to power companies and steel plants which in turn have coal linkages with the cancelled coal mines.
Indian Banks Association, which represents lenders' managements, had discussed the matter at a meeting last week and hinted at seeking a "regulatory forbearance" in case there is impact on the asset quality from the affected accounts.
The Supreme Court on September 25 cancelled allocation of 214 coal blocks made since 1993, impacting at least 11 corporate groups like JSW Steel and Hindalco. Bankers point out that only 46 of these mines are operational and implications of the ruling will have to be studied.
Story first published on: September 29, 2014 23:46 (IST)

Modi s G-All mantra left major impact on world community: MD Mahindra GroupIdol Chat: In conversation with Emraan Hashmi
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

IDFC jumps 2%  sells 2 IT SEZs for Rs 1125 crSep 30, 2014, 10.57 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
IDFC jumps 2%, sells 2 IT SEZs for Rs 1125 cr
According to CNBC-18 sources say the deal has been concluded for about Rs 1125 crore. Both put together IDFC had bought the assets for about Rs 950 crore. It had paid Rs 500 crore back in 2011 for the Noida Sez and Rs 450 crore for the one in Pune that they had acquired from Paranjape Schemes in 2012.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
IDFC jumps 2%, sells 2 IT SEZs for Rs 1125 cr
According to CNBC-18 sources say the deal has been concluded for about Rs 1125 crore. Both put together IDFC had bought the assets for about Rs 950 crore. It had paid Rs 500 crore back in 2011 for the Noida Sez and Rs 450 crore for the one in Pune that they had acquired from Paranjape Schemes in 2012.
Post your opinion here
 
Shares of  IDFC jumped 2 percent intraday on Tuesday after it sold off its two IT SEZs. It has signed a share purchase agreement with real estate funds managed by Blackstone for sale of 100 percent stake in its subsidiary companies namely Galaxy Mercantiles (Noida SEZ) and Neopro Technologies Private limited (Pune SEZ).
According to CNBC-TV18, sources say the deal has been concluded for about Rs 1,125 crore. Both put together IDFC had bought assets for about Rs 950 crore. It had paid Rs 500 crore back in 2011 for the Noida Sez and Rs 450 crore for the one in Pune that they had acquired from Paranjape Schemes in 2012.
Back then IDFC was in the process to form a rent-yielding fund, but owing to subdued market conditions IDFC had deferred these plans indefinitely. Also, it is in the process of setting up their bank. So, to keep up to the RBI requirements it was essential for them to sell these assets and Blackstone is in full swing to expand its commercial portfolio in India.
At 10:33 hrs IDFC was quoting at Rs 141.90, up Rs 1.30, or 0.92 percent on the BSE.
RELATED NEWS

Windows 9: Microsoft expected to give an early look at next Windows on September 3025
2
San Francisco: Microsoft plans to offer a glimpse of its vision for Windows this week, as its new CEO seeks to redefine the company and recover from missteps with its flagship operating system.
Although the new software won't be formally released until next year, analysts already consider its success crucial for Microsoft and Satya Nadella, who has made mobile devices and Internet-based services priorities since becoming CEO in February.
With its tablet-like touch controls, Windows 8 had been Microsoft's answer to slumping sales in personal computers amid a rising demand for mobile devices. But the company alienated many users by forcing radical behavioral changes. Research firm IDC even blamed Windows 8 for accelerating a decline in PC sales in the first full quarter following the system's release in October 2012.
Although the new software won't be formally released until next year, analysts already consider its success crucial for Microsoft and Satya Nadella.
#windows #windows 9 #microsoft #satya nadella
Microsoft has released updates that address some of the complaints, yet analytics firm Net Applications estimates that five out of six Windows users are still using something other than Windows 8.
The next major release will be the company's chance to regain its footing and show that Microsoft can embrace mobile devices without sacrificing the traditional computing experience.
"It's one of the most important launches that they will ever have," said Patrick Moorhead at the research firm Moor Insights and Strategy. "It's very important they get it right."
Microsoft is expected to give an early look at some new features Tuesday during an event the company has billed as a discussion about "what's next for Windows." The company hasn't said what it plans to call the new Windows version.
The San Francisco event is geared toward the business market. Separate sessions focused on home computer users and others will be held in the coming months. Analysts say the sessions are part of an effort by Microsoft to gather feedback and avoid the stumbles it made with Windows 8.
Even after two years of declining sales of personal computers, software licenses for Windows are a key element of a business segment that contributes roughly 21 percent of Microsoft's annual revenue - second only to sales of the company's commercial software.
Windows 8 introduced a host of new features for personal computers, including touch-screen functions that are now common with tablets. Many PC users, however, found the redesigned interface difficult to navigate, particularly with keyboards and mice on devices without touch screens. They also missed familiar controls, such as the "start" button that was a longtime component of previous Windows systems.
"It was a miscalculation on the part of Microsoft," said analyst Steve Kleynhans at the Gartner research firm. "You can't force people into a situation where everything they know changes."
Still, experts say Microsoft has good reason to design software that attempts to broaden its appeal to smartphone and tablet users. Although the company still dominates the PC industry, that market is barely growing. Meanwhile, Microsoft has gained little traction in a booming smartphone market dominated by Apple's iPhones and devices running Google's Android software.
Nadella has said he wants the next version of Windows to be a "single, converged operating system for screens of all sizes."
Microsoft currently has three main systems - Windows 8 for traditional computers and tablets, Windows Phone 8 for cellphones and Xbox for its gaming console. That makes more work for developers, who must create three versions of apps if they want to reach people on multiple devices. By unifying the underlying systems, software developers will be able to create apps for the various devices more easily. Consumers will also be able to switch devices more easily and avoid having to buy the same apps multiple times.
The new Windows is also expected to emphasize more software apps and services that are hosted on the Internet, or "in the cloud." Nadella has made the transition to cloud computing a priority.
But Microsoft will need to make the transition to a new Windows less jarring for the average user Moorhead said. That might include a return to a more traditional "start" menu for desktops, for example. Microsoft restored a limited version of the "start" button when it released a Windows 8.1 update last year.
The company also has hinted that it may restore a key component of Windows: the ability to run apps in windows that can overlap and be adjusted to any size. For newer apps in Windows 8, resizing was limited to how much horizontal space each app takes on the screen.
Windows 8 offered some improvements in security and efficiency, but corporations balked at using the software because they didn't want to spend time and money teaching employees how to use it, Moorhead said.
Now, as Google and Apple are starting to pitch their own operating systems to business users, he added, Microsoft needs to convince business customers that the next version of Windows is worth using.
11

Did Pimco bond king resign or was it a coup© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a93e37f6-45a0-11e4-9b71-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Toyota hit by recall  US regulator probeSeptember 30, 2014 6:52 am
Toyota hit by recall and US regulator probe
By Kana Inagaki in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/881fd640-485e-11e4-ad19-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

RBI keeps key rates unchanged in policy review | Live UpdatesRBI keeps key rates unchanged in monetary policy review
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 30, 2014, 11.03AM IST
Tags:
Raghuram Rajan
(Although Rajan's stance…)
NEW DELHI: In line with market expectations, Reserve Bank of India on Tuesday kept the repo rate unchanged at 8%. The central bank also kept CRR, SLR unchanged. The reverse repo rate was also maintained at status quo of 7%.
However, it said it would cut the ceiling on bonds that must be held-to-maturity from the current 24 percent to 22 percent in stages starting in the bi-weekly cycle beginning in Jan. 10, 2015. It expects to complete the process by September 2015.
"For the near-term objective, the risks around the baseline path of inflation are broadly balanced, though with a slant to the downside. However, the undershooting of the objective may be temporary because of base effects. Turning to the medium-term objective (6 per cent by January 2016) the balance of risks is still to the upside, though somewhat lower than in the last policy statement," said Raghuram Rajan .
"This continues to warrant policy preparedness to contain pressures if the risks materialise. Therefore, the future policy stance will be influenced by the Reserve Bank's projections of inflation relative to the medium term objective (6 per cent by January 2016), while being contingent on incoming data," Rajan explained.
According to RBI, the momentum of activity in all sectors of the economy is yet to stabilize. "Agriculture should shed the effects of recent shocks and pick up in Q4 of 2014-15. Industrial activity will await improvement in the business environment and the resumption of consumption and investment demand before gaining sustained speed. Post-monsoon revival in construction activity and the likely strengthening of momentum in business and financial services should sustain the recent signs of expansion in the services sector," RBI said in its statement.
"The key to a turnaround in the growth path of the economy in the second half of the year is a revival in investment activity - in greenfield as well as brownfield stalled projects - supported by fiscal consolidation, stronger export performance and sustained disinflation. With expectations of these conditions remaining broadly unchanged, the projection of growth for 2014-15 is retained at 5.5 per cent within a range of 5 to 6 per cent around this central estimate. The quarterly growth path may slow mildly in Q2 and Q3 before recovering in Q4," the statement added.
The Governor also said the final guidelines on small banks and payments banks will be issued by end-November, while the final norms with regard to the changes in the regulatory framework for NBFCs will be introduced by end-October.
Rajan reduced the liquidity provided under the export credit refinance (ECR) facility from 32 per cent of eligible export credit outstanding to 15 per cent with effect from October 10.
RBI, however, continued to provide liquidity under overnight repo at 0.25 per cent at the LAF repo rate and liquidity under 7-day and 14-day term repos of up to 0.75 per cent through auctions.
Inflation as measured by the consumer price index in August slowed to 7.80% from 7.96% in July. Wholesale price index-based inflation also fell in August--to 3.47%, near a five-year low.
Rajan, who has raised rates thrice since last September, has been adamant that the back of inflation needs to be broken if the country has to get back to the path of sustainable, high economic growth.
(With inputs from PTI & Reuters)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rock show in New York over  time to roll action in India(Modi said 65% of the population…)
By: Swaminathan S Anklesaria Aiyar
Narendra Modi's Madison Square Garden address to overseas Indians was more a rockstar concert than a prime minister's lecture. He had delirious fans cheering, clapping, and chanting "Modi, Modi, Modi!" He plucked their heartstrings, praising them lavishly for raising India's global image, and promised that India would become a stunning success that would make them proud.
This was not an occasion for policy announcements, but for celebrations with fans that had backed him in his darkest days. It was a rally of the faithful, an outpouring of mutual admiration. And yet, halfway through his US visit, the question remains whether his golden dreams will become real. Modi loves alliterations, and said India had the advantage of three Ds — democracy, the demographic dividend, and demand (one of the biggest markets in the world). These, he declared, would make India a superpower.
But India had these three Ds even under Manmohan Singh, yet went downhill three years running. Translating potential into performance is tough. Modi said the secret lay in making development a national movement, just as Mahatma Gandhi made Independence a national movement. People's participation was all-important.
Nice words, but Rahul Gandhi said the same thing. Congress talked non-stop of the aam aadmi, inclusive growth, rights of women and minorities, of rights-based development. It promised financial inclusion and sanitation, just like Modi. Yet Congress was thrashed at the polls. Modi's future will rest on his skills as a doer, not as an orator.
He said the Mars Mission cost just Rs 7/km, whereas an auto-rickshaw ride in Ahmedabad costsRs 10/km. The audience roared its appreciation. But why is India more successful in outer space than at home? Why can India slash the cost of space missions but not of food at home, resulting in the highest, most persistent inflation in any major nation?
Modi stressed on skills and manpower. He said 65% of the population was under 35, and this young workforce could conquer the world, something achieved by the IT industry. India could send nurses, teachers, and others to every corner of the globe.
Many reasons for worry too
Yes, but the latest ASER (Annual Status of Education Report) report shows the proportion of class 5 students who can read a class 2 text has declined 15 percentage points since 2005, and the proportion of class 8 students who can do division has fallen 23 percentage points.
Does this indicate a country with surplus teaching manpower that can be exported to the world? Will the millions of children that cannot read or do elementary math become future teachers? India is indeed exporting many doctors, nurses and teachers, but that's worsening the huge shortage of essential skills at home.
Enthusing NRIs and harnessing their financial and lobbying power is an important foreign policy exercise. Modi has done this brilliantly. Let's hope he can show similar brilliance at home.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Patel Logistics up 45% in 2 days on Amazon dealPatel Integrated Logistics rallies 45% in two days
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 30, 2014, 10.57AM IST
Tags:
Amazon India
(It informed that there is…)
MUMBAI: Shares of Patel Integrated Logistics have surged nearly 45 per cent in last two sessions following reports that the company has entered into an air cargo alliance with Amazon.
The company in a clarification to stock exchanges informed that there is no exclusive tie up with Amazon India but regular business dealing like any other customer.
"..with Amazon, we have a regular business contract for the last 5-6 months and there is a relationship as a regular customer only. There is no financial or non financial special arrangement in any manner is entered into with Amazon other than Vendor to customer relationship," the company said.
ET had reported that Patel Logistics will be responsible only for moving goods from one airport to another. Once the products reach the respective airports, Amazon's other vendors such as Gati, Blue Dart and FedEx handle last-mile delivery.
Demand for next-day delivery, which Amazon started in December last year, is rising rapidly in smaller cities and towns that are not necessarily well connected. Customers will have to pay Rs 99 per order for the speedier service.
Patel Logistics reported a net profit of Rs 78 lakhs during quarter ended June 2014 against a net profit of Rs 12 lakhs in the corresponding quarter last fiscal.
Revenues in June'14 increased to Rs 148.39 crore from Rs 120.80 crore in year-ago period.
At 10:15 a.m.; the stock was locked 20 per cent upper circuit at Rs 64.85 on the BSE. There were over pending buy orders for over 97,000 shares and no sellers.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Auto  realty stocks see marginal recovery after RBI goes for a status quo on ratesAuto, realty stocks see marginal recovery after RBI maintains status quo on rates
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 30, 2014, 11.35AM IST
Tags:
Apollo Tyres
(Reacting to the policy review,…)
NEW DELHI: Rate sensitive stocks in sectors such as autos, realty bounced back from lows in trade after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) maintained its status-quo stance on key policy rates.
India's central bank kept the policy repo rate under the liquidity adjustment facility (LAF) unchanged at 8.0 per cent and the cash reserve ratio (CRR) of scheduled banks unchanged at 4.0 per cent of net demand and time liabilities (NDTL).
Reacting to the news, auto and realty stocks managed to recoup losses but most of the banking stocks were still trading with a shade of red.
At 11:15 a.m.; BSE Auto index was trading 0.7 per cent higher and the BSE Realty index was trading with a positive bias, up 0.2 per cent. While, the BSE Banking index was trading 0.28 per cent lower as compared to 0.07 per cent gain seen in the BSE Sensex.
The BSE Auto index was trading 0.7 per cent higher led by gains in Eicher Motors (up 5.9 per cent), Apollo Tyres (up 5.2 per cent), MRF (up 4 per cent), Bajaj Auto (up 1.1 per cent) and Maruti Suzuki (up 0.8 per cent).
The BSE Realty index was trading 0.2 per cent higher led by gains in HDFC (up 3.4 per cent), Phoenix Mills (up 1.8 per cent), Sobha Developers (up 1.05 per cent) and DB Realty (up 0.37 per cent).
BSE Banking index was trading 0.28 per cent lower led by losses in Axis Bank (down 1.1 per cent), Yes Bank (down 0.9 per cent), Bank of India (down 0.75 per cent) and Canara Bank (down 0.6 per cent).
FEATURED ARTICLES

IIT Delhi alumni hosts innovation and entrepreneurship summitIIT Delhi alumni hosts innovation and entrepreneurship summit 
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 30:  
The Alumni Association of IIT Delhi hosted an ‘International Innovation Sustainability and Entrepreneurship Summit’ (I2SES) recently at the IIT Delhi campus.
The summit focussed on how entrepreneurship can be achieved through innovation. “The aim was to bring student innovators, entrepreneurs, bureaucrats, scientists, university heads and corporate leaders on the same podium,” said Ashok Kumar, President of the IIT Delhi Alumni Association, in a press statement.
The summit also featured the latest innovations. Several initiatives showcased in the summit, if deemed nationally beneficial, will be incorporated in the coming years, said Aparna Saroagi, Vice-President and Head, Market Risk Reporting and Controls at RBS. Saroagi is an IIT Delhi alumna and was convening the event.
The alumni body had partnered the Foundation of Innovation and Technology Transfer, IIT Delhi, and the Knowledge Resource Development and Welfare Group to organise the event.
(This article was published on September 30, 2014)
Related

Narendra Modi  Barack Obama unveil India-US vision statement:  Chalein Saath SaathE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Telangana CM K Chandrasekhara Rao hints of single window system to ensure zero-corruptionA 'chasing cell’ to pursue queries from corporate and industrialists interested in investing is also being set up in the CMO.
Written by Sreenivas Janyala | Hyderabad | Posted: September 30, 2014 12:20 pm | Updated: September 30, 2014 12:21 pm
Telangana Chief Minister K Chandrasekhara Rao on Tuesday hinted that the highlight of the state’s new industrial policy would be a single window system that will ensure that all departments concerned would issue permissions and licences without any interference or delay.
“There will be no red tape and it is going to be a zero-corruption system. All the departments from which permissions and licences are required would work in tandem and issue the orders within a time frame,’’ the CM told a delegation from Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) on Tuesday. The CM sought suggestions from the CII delegates and representatives from Telangana Industrialists Welfare Federation and Federation of AP Chambers of Commerce and Industry to fine tune the proposed policy. The Chief Minister also holds the industry portfolio.
“The CM said the new industrial policy would be system driven, and that when it becomes an Act, the policy will be one of the best Legislation in the country,’’ an official said. The Chief Minister’s Office will be incharge of the single window system and required permissions and licences would be issued within 15 days. A ‘chasing cell’ to pursue queries from corporate and industrialists interested in investing is also being set up in the CMO. It doesn’t matter how many permissions are required from how many departments, the CMO will issue the final order to start work with a fortnight of applying, the CM is learnt to have told the delegation.
Telangana Government has already identified some five lakh acres of land across the 10 districts to be made available for setting up industries. The CM said that industrial parks for at least five core sectors like pharma, food processing etc would be set up in each of the 10 districts of TElangana. “The new industrial policy which we are proposing will make TElangana the first choice of investors. We have already identified 5 lakh acres that can be given to new investment projects. We will overcome power supply problems within year,’’ KCR said. The government will also give 100 per cent stamp duty waiver to new industries coming in with Rs 200 crores investment.
The survey to identify land to be made available to investment projects was taken up by the Telangana State Industrial Infrastructure Development Corporation (TSIIDC) which has identified and recorded how much land is available in each district. Telangana Government would introduce the proposed policy in the budget session and make it a legislation.

PVR up over 1% on fund raising plans via QIPYou are here: Home > Collections > Qip
PVR rallies over 1% on fund raising plans via QIP
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 30, 2014, 09.54AM IST
Tags:
Ajay Bijli
(At 09:40 a.m.; PVR was…)
NEW DELHI: PVR Ltd rallied as much as 1.3 per cent in trade on Tuesday, after the multiplex operator said that its board has approved plans to raise Rs 500 crore through qualified institutional placement (QIP).
At 09:40 a.m.; PVR was trading 1.07 per cent higher at Rs 708.35. It hit a low of Rs 707 and a high of Rs 710 in trade today.
The board in its Annual General Meeting authorised PVR to raise the fund, PVR informed the BSE. It also approved management services agreement with its JV firm PVR bluO Entertainment.
Moreover, Ajay Bijli along with five independent directors has been appointed.
On July 31, PVR had said that it would Rs 500 crore through QIP for any inorganic growth or acquisition, PTI reported.
FEATURED ARTICLES

LIVE: Film fraternity  AIADMK supporters stage protestUpdated: October 3, 2014 09:36 IST
Kollywood stars, AIADMK supporters stage protest
Tweet
The Hindu Actors Surya and Sivakarthikeyan at the protest. Photo: K. Pichumani
Producer Kalaipuli S. Dhanu with Director Cheran and Pyramid Natarajan at the Chepauk state guest house where members of the film industry are participating in a fast to protest Jayalalithaa's conviction, in Chennai on Tuesday. Photo: K. Pichumani
Actor Vikram with actor Karthi at the solidarity meet in Chennai.
The Hindu Actor-politician Sarath Kumar, producer Abirami Ramanathan at the Chepauk state guest house where members of the film industry are participating in a fast to protest Jayalalithaa's conviction, in Chennai on Tuesday. Photo: K. Pichumani
In a show of support for former CM Jayalalithaa, AIADMK cadres and the Tamil film fraternity stage protests
3.00 pm: Cinema halls shut down in Chennai today. Distributors expressed solidarity with film industry protesting the verdict in Jayalalitha's disproportionate assets case. This is a picture outside Sangam theatre. Photo: Petlee Peter
2.00 pm: Posters hailing former Chief Minister Jayalalithaa at the protest venue
1.00 pm: Actor Karthi arrived just moments ago to a rousing welcome by fans
12.25 pm: Superstar Rajinikanth will not participate in the solidarity gathering as he is in Bangalore today. Actor Kamal Haasan too is unlikely to participate.
Kasimedu fishermen stage token fast,another gathering at Moolakadai junction says @petleepeter . @ChennaiConnect @ramyakannan #Jayaverdict
— Asha (@sridhar_asha) September 30, 2014
Director Bala at the solidarity gathering.
12.15 pm: Despite the scorching sun, the supporters of AIADMK have turned up in big numbers for the show of solidarity organised by the Tamil film fraternity for Jayalalithaa. There is no confirmation as to whether the top heroes of Tamil cinema will participate since since the meeting was planned only late yesterday evening. Actor Suriya and Karthi, however, are expected to participate post noon.
Vellore Corporation council passes special resolution condemning Jaya's conviction in disproportionate assets case.
— serena josephine (@serenasundar) September 30, 2014
Watch: Kollywood's show of support
Protests in Chennai: Agitators condemning the verdict against Ms. Jayalaithaa gathered in different location in Chennai from 9 am onwards. Flags and banners expressing solidarity for the AIADMK supremo were flashed throughout the city. Earlier an anonymous caller issued a telephonic threat that a bomb is planted for the stage opposite the State guest house, Chepauk hosting the event. Bomb squads were despatched to the location and a thorough inspection for nearly an hour proved the threat to be a hoax. Police are probing further to track the anonymous caller.
Actors Prabhu and Sathyaraj join the protest. Photo: K. Pichumani
12.00 pm: Let me state that this is not a protest. We are shocked and saddened by the verdict and this is to show our support to her in these difficult times. We are hoping she would soon be acquitted from the case and come back as Tamil Nadu's Chief Minister. - Director Vikraman, President of Tamil Nadu Film Directors Association.
11.50am: We are not here under any compulsion or threat from anyone. The CM has supported the film industry in many ways. Which is why we are here to support her, said Actor Sarathkumar
11.10 am: The Karnataka High Court adjourned Jayalalithaa's bail application and appeal to Monday, October 6, 2014.
11.00 am: Protests and fasts staged in Cuddalore, Banruti, Kancheepuram, Erode, Sathiyamangalam and other places.
10.50 a.m.: Producer Keyaar, Director S.J. Surya and others at the protest being held by the film fraternity in Chepauk.
10.45 a.m.: Producer Kunjumon and Director P. Vasu at the film industry sit in to protest.
10.40 a.m.: Actor-politician Sarath Kumar, producer Abirami Ramanathan at the Chepauk state guest house where members of the film industry are participating in a fast to protest Jayalalithaa's conviction, in Chennai on Tuesday. Photo: K. Pichumani
10.20: Girl who attemped self-immolation dies in Madurai. Read
Film industry rallies around leader
All film screenings in the State would be cancelled on Tuesday, in a show of support for Jayalalithaa. Read here
Jayalalithaa bail hearing in Bangalore
Bangalore city police have tightened security around Karnataka High Court in view of hearing on appeal by AIADMK chief Jayalalithaa, who has sought suspension of sentence and bail following her conviction in Rs.53.6 crore disproportionate assets case.
A large number of AIADMK supporters who have come to the High Court premises have been stopped outside court's entrance gates. The Court Hall 11, where vacation bench will be hearing Ms Jayalalithaa's plea along with petitions related to criminal cases, is jampacked at 10 am though sitting will start only at 10.30 am.

Modi bonds with Obama over dinner  presents copy of GitaObama greets Modi with 'kem cho', has 'wonderful meeting'
Yashwant Raj , Hindustan Times  Washington, September 30, 2014
First Published: 07:56 IST(30/9/2014) | Last Updated: 15:01 IST(30/9/2014)
Comments
And they talked, and talked and talked.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and US President Barack Obama realised they had a lot in common, more than just their love of technology and early embrace as an election tool.
The two leaders began their first meeting, in a rather informal setting of a quiet dinner at the White House, with Obama greeting Modi in Gujarati, “Kem Cho.”
Without missing a beat, Modi replied, in English, “Thank you, Mr President.” And with that the two leaders began to get to know each other — they had only spoken on phone before.
Read: Modi, Obama bond over dinner, say 'Chalein saath saath' ahead of talks
The 'Kem Chho?' moment: US President Barack Obama greets Narendra Modi at the White House. (Photo courtesy: Twitter, @MEAIndia)
“We had a wonderful meeting and talked about a wide range of issues,” Modi tweeted late in the night, when Obama, by his own admission, catches up with his files.
The dinner, along with a handful of senior officials on both sides, took place in an “extremely convivial” atmosphere, MEA spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin told reporters later.
And that’s because their experiences tracked remarkably. Both leaders came to their respective capitals as outsiders — Obama came to the insular world of Beltway politics from Illinois, and Modi Raisina Hill from Gujarat.
Both were early converts to technology, and pioneers of its use in elections. And they were both struck and disappointed by the it relatively low at their new places of work.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi with US President Barack Obama at the White House dinner. (Photo courtesy: Twitter, @MEAIndia)
“Prime Minister Modi told President Obama when he moved to Delhi after taking office, he found the use of technology even less than in Gujarat,” said the spokesperson. The dinner meeting lasted 90 minutes.
The prime minister was accompanied by external affairs minister Sushma Swaraj, National Security Adviser Ajit Doval, foreign secretary Sujatha Singh and five other officials.
The president had with him vice-president Joe Biden, secretary of state John Kerry, National Security Adviser Susan Rice and other officials.
First lady Michelle Obama, was not there. It was not clear if she was to attend. Officials previewing the meeting had said “that the President and First Lady are very excited and pleased to welcome the Prime Minister”. But they had said the dinner was being hosted by the president.
Modi, as expected, settled down with only a glass of water because of his Navaratri fast. But requested everyone to continue as they would with their dinners, and they did.
A spread comprising of compressed avacados, crisped halibut and saffron basmati rice were part of the menu for dinner.
 
Gifts for President Obama
Prime Minister Modi presented the US president a copy of Gita by Mahatma Gandhi, specially printed for Obama, bound in khadi and contained in a special box.
Obama has said he is a big believer in Gandhi. He also was inspired a lot by Martin Luther King — the second gift was recording of a speech by him when he came to India in 1959.
Also from the same visit, a picture and a video clip of Martin Luther King at Rajghat.
PM Narendra Modi gifted a special edition of Gita to US President Barack Obama. (Photo courtesy: Twitter, @MEAIndia)

DA case: Jaya to stay in jail  bail plea hearing set for October 6High court to hear Jaya’s bail plea today
Sudipto Mondal , Hindustan Times  Bangalore, September 30, 2014
First Published: 09:51 IST(30/9/2014) | Last Updated: 02:03 IST(1/10/2014)
Comments
The Karnataka high court has agreed to hear former Tamil Nadu CM Jayalalithaa's appeal against her conviction on a priority basis. The matter will be heard on Wednesday by a specially constituted vacation bench.
The significant turn of events came hours after a vacation bench on Tueaday morning adjourned the matter to October 6. The adjournment order was issued after the Karnataka government failed to appoint a public prosecutor to contest the challenge mounted by Jayalalithaa's legal team.
Her lawyers immediately approached the high court registrar and the chief justice seeking urgent hearing of the matter.
They submitted that the matter should be treated as an exception as the continued incarceration of Jayalalithaa was causing law and order problems in Tamil Nadu.
 
They also argued that the AIADMK leader's health was unstable. Contesting the need for a public prosecutor to file objections, her lawyers cited sections of the CrPC and said that when the sentence is less than 10 years the judge of a higher court can adjudicate the appeal on merits without seeking the view of the prosecutor.
Jaya refuses to meet Panneerselvam
Former Tamil Nadu CM Jayalalithaa on Wednesday refused to meet O Panneerselvam, the man she has entrusted with the job of holding the CM's chair until she gets the relief she's hoping for from the court.
Panneerselvam was camping in the city since Monday evening for a chance to meet his jailed leader and seek her blessings. He landed in the city shortly after he was administered the oath of office by the Tamil Nadu governor.
He returned disappointed after jail authorities told him that Jayalalithaa had refused to meet him. Jail sources told HT that her cell is far from the visitor's area and she was not in a physical state to walk the distance.

RBI keeps rates unchanged but 6% inflation target at riskSep 30, 2014, 03.35 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
RBI keeps rates on hold, says 6% CPI aim for 2016 at risk
The RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan stayed put on the key policy rates in his fourth bi-monthly credit policy review today but sounded caution as far as meeting 2016 inflation target was concerned. The apex bank retained the growth projection for FY15 at 5.5 percent and forecasts FY16 growth at 6.3 percent.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
RBI keeps rates on hold, says 6% CPI aim for 2016 at risk
The RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan stayed put on the key policy rates in his fourth bi-monthly credit policy review today but sounded caution as far as meeting 2016 inflation target was concerned. The apex bank retained the growth projection for FY15 at 5.5 percent and forecasts FY16 growth at 6.3 percent.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
The Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan stayed put on the key policy rates in his fourth bi-monthly credit policy review today, but sounded caution as far as meeting the 2016 CPI target was concerned. The RBI now believes that attaining the projected inflation target of 6 percent by January 2016 is at risk due to expected "food price shocks as the full effects of the monsoon’s passage unfold, and from geo-political developments that could materialise rapidly." The underlying hawkish tone gives scope to conclude that Rajan will settle for a prolonged period of rate inaction .
Speaking to press shortly after announcing the policy, governor Rajan said the headline inflation has been buffetted slightly, but the risks are still towards the upside; hence reaching 6 percent inflation target by 2016 too is at risk. “The future policy stance will be influenced by the RBI’s projections of inflation relative to the medium term objective of 6 percent by January 2016, while being contingent on incoming data,” Rajan said. He said it would be rather easy to meet the 8 percent CPI target for 2018.
"Large and persistent upside pressures on food prices have resulted in their contribution rising to almost 60 percent of headline inflation in August. The full impact of the skewed rainfall distribution carries risks to the future path of food inflation...Future food prices and the timing and magnitude of held back administered price revisions impart some uncertainty to an otherwise improving inflation outlook where lower oil prices, a relatively stable currency, and a negative output gap continue to put downward pressure. Base effects will also temper inflation in the next few months only to reverse towards the end of the year. The Reserve Bank will look through base effects," the policy statement noted.
Meanwhile, key policy rates were left unchanged, which was on the expected lines. Repo rate or the rate at which RBI lends money to banks for short-term, stayed at 8 percent while the cash reserve ratio (CRR) of scheduled banks unchanged at 4.0 percent of net demand and time liabilities. Consequently, the reverse repo rate remains unchanged at 7 percent, and the marginal standing facility (MSF) rate and the Bank Rate at 9 percent.
The RBI also kept the statutory liquidity ratio (SLR) of scheduled commercial banks unchanged at 22 percent of their NDTL.
As far as GDP is concerned, the apex bank retained its growth projection for FY15 at 5.5 percent and forecasted FY16 growth at 6.3 percent. It said the quarterly growth path may slow mildly in Q2 and Q3 before recovering in Q4.
Making a case to cut deposit rate , the RBI noted that credit growth has fallen well below deposit growth in August and September easing liquidity pressures. However, despite liquidity conditions remaining comfortable and deposit growth remaining normal, non food credit growth decelerated in September 2014, the lowest level since June 2001.
The fifth bi-monthly monetary policy statement is scheduled on Tuesday, December 2, 2014.
Posted by

Firstsource Solutions  subsidiary repays USD 11.25mn debtsSep 30, 2014, 12.08 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Firstsource Solutions' subsidiary repays USD 11.25mn debts
Firstsource Solutions Ltd has informed BSE that Firstsource Group USA, Inc, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company has successfully made its sixth quarterly repayment of USD 11.25 million on its outstanding debt on September 29, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Firstsource Solutions' subsidiary repays USD 11.25mn debts
Firstsource Solutions Ltd has informed BSE that Firstsource Group USA, Inc, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company has successfully made its sixth quarterly repayment of USD 11.25 million on its outstanding debt on September 29, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Firstsource Solutions Ltd has informed BSE that Firstsource Group USA, Inc, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company has successfully made its sixth quarterly repayment of USD 11.25 million on its outstanding debt on September 29, 2014.Source : BSE

Buy Larsen and Toubro on dips: Ajay Srivastava08:00 am
Ajay Srivastava, CEO of Dimensions Consulting told CNBC-TV18, "If you look at the banking sector, I would still position that  Axis Bank perhaps would be a better buy than  ICICI Bank at this point of time in relative to the performance, relative to the valuations etc. If you really want to be in banking sector, take out ICICI Bank and maybe substitute to Axis Bank, should give you better return, I think Axis also should have fallen a little more than ICICI Bank in the context of 9-10 percent that we are talking about."
"If you look at  Larsen and Toubro - if you are playing the infrastructure story, the India story, you have to have it in a portfolio. If you don’t buy L&T, that means you cannot buy India story at all in the infrastructure side. So L&T, I would still say is a buy on dips kind of a situation at this point of time," he added.
"Axis Bank would be better and  ONGC - I would still believe that with the falling oil prices, oil marketing companies represent a much better bet on valuation than ONGC. Given the oil exploration policy, which is not very clear, what is going to happen to gas pricing is not very clear, I would still say I would put the money in oil marketing companies, which have also seen about 20 percent correction or thereabouts or maybe 15 percent, I would rather put the money there than ONCG at this point," he said.
RELATED NEWS

S V Global Mill s company secretary K. Venkatesan resignsSep 30, 2014, 12.06 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
S V Global Mill's company secretary K. Venkatesan resigns
S V Global Mill Ltd has informed BSE that Mr. K. Venkatesan, Company Secretary of the company has relinquished his role as Secretary of the Company on September 29, 2014 and is relieved as Company Secretary on September 29, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
S V Global Mill's company secretary K. Venkatesan resigns
S V Global Mill Ltd has informed BSE that Mr. K. Venkatesan, Company Secretary of the company has relinquished his role as Secretary of the Company on September 29, 2014 and is relieved as Company Secretary on September 29, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
S V Global Mill Ltd has informed BSE that Mr. K. Venkatesan, Company Secretary of the company has relinquished his role as Secretary of the Company on September 29, 2014 and is relieved as Company Secretary on September 29, 2014.At the meeting of the Board of Directors held on September 29, 2014, Mr. R. Sugumaran is appointed as the Company Secretary of the Company with effect from September 29, 2014 and he shall be the 'Compliance Officer'.Source : BSE

PM Modi gifts Gita  Martin Luther King s memorabilia to US President ObamaOct 01, 2014 at  03:41pm IST
PM Modi gifts Gita, Martin Luther King's memorabilia to US President Obama
46
0
Washington: Keeping in mind the two people US President Barack Obama admired most, Prime Minister Narendra Modi personally chose gifts for him which included a 'Gita by Gandhi' in Khadi cover and audio-video clips from the 1959 India visit of Martin Luther King.
"The Prime Minister has brought several gifts. At the personal level, he has brought a special edition of Gita by Gandhi Ji. This is Gandhi Ji's interpretation of Gita. The book was published many years ago," External Affairs Ministry Spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said.
"The Prime Minister had specifically ordered a special edition of the book and copies of it were specially done up with a certain getup as Khadi on its cover...these were prepared in Delhi and were brought and were handed over to the President.
Prime Minister had paid special attention to President Obama's interest and he brought these gifts which were his personal gifts to President Obama.
#narendra modi #barack obama #modi meets america #modi meets obama
"Also, he has given some other personal gifts. He is aware that President Obama has great regard for Martin Luther King and there is a Gandhi link between President Obama, the King and the Prime Minister, so he (Modi) had looked up and asked All India Radio to provide a recording of Martin Luther King's speech which he gave in India in 1959 when he visited India. In addition, there are some other memorabilia of Martin Luther King.
"There is a photograph of the King at the Rajghat, which the Prime Minister has framed and given to Obama. There is a small clip which goes back to 1959. The Photos Division was able to track back a video clip of Martin Luther King's visit to India. All these were prepared by the Prime Minister's Office in advance and presented to President Obama today," he said.
"These were personal gifts. Official gifts would be presented tomorrow," Akbaruddin said.
Prime Minister had paid special attention to President Obama's interest and he brought these gifts which were his personal gifts to President Obama.
According to the sources, he has also got gifts for Obama's two daughters -- Sasha and Malia.
Martin Luther King was an American pastor, activist, humanitarian, and prominent leader in the African-American Civil Rights Movement.

In pics: US President Barack Obama hosts private dinner for PM Modimore »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Huawei Honor 6 with a 5-inch 1080p display  octa-core processor  3GB RAM launched at Rs 19 999 in India18
0
New Delhi: Chinese telecom firm Huawei said it aims to sell 1 million smartphones in India this year as the company charts out a new retail strategy with launch of Honor series, which will be its online only brand.
The company launched four devices under Honor series, which will be available exclusively on Flipkart and there will be no offline retail.
"We are aiming to sell 1 million smartphones in 2014 and are on track to achieve our target," Huawei Telecommunications India CEO Cai Liqun said here.
Running Android 4.4 KitKat, the Huawei Honor 6 has a 13 megapixel rear camera and 3GB of RAM.
#huawei honor 6 #huawei #android #smartphone
The company said as part of the strategy, it will sell Ascend series handsets through offline retail and Honor series through online medium with Flipkart.
"Honor series will be our online brand. The Ascend series phones will be available on retail stores and we will continue to strengthen our distributor network," Huawei India President (Consumer business group) Allen Wang said.
"At the onset of the festive season, the devices including - two smartphones - Honor 6 and Honor Holly and two tablets - Honor X1 and Honor T1 will be available to the 26 million regular visitors of Flipkart," Wang said.
Priced at Rs 19,999 and the flagship device, Honor 6 is a 4G phone, which comes with 3GB RAM and 13 megapixel rear camera. The Huawei Honor 6 will be exclusively available on Flipkart.com starting October 6.
The Honor T1 tablet is priced at Rs 9,999.
Asked about launch of more 4G devices in India, Liqun said, "The availability of more 4G devices in India will depend on the network rollout by operators. The $100 4G phone is likely to be available in China by the end of this year and it will also be brought to India later depending on the rollout by telcos," Liqun said.
8

Jayalalithaa to stay in jail as court adjourns hearing on bail pleaJayalalithaa to stay in jail as court adjourns hearing on bail plea
XLRI takes home Deloitte s Maverick titleXLRI takes home Deloitte's Maverick title  
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept. 30:  
The Xavier Institute of Labour Relations (XLRI), Jamshedpur, has won the third season of the Deloitte Campus Maverick programme held in Hyderabad. After gruelling debates, boardroom presentations and stringent evaluations, the XLRI team ‘Sounds Cool’ took away the prize money of Rs 3 lakh. Team ‘Three Wise Men’ from the Indian institute of Management, Ahmedabad, were the runners-up, winning prize money of Rs 1.5 lakh.
Conducted in a multi-stage elimination format, the programme saw a shortlist of 60 teams from across India participate in the four regional qualifiers held in the campuses of IIM Lucknow (Noida Campus), Narsee Monjee Institute of Management Studies – Mumbai, XIMB Bhubaneshwar, and the Great Lakes Institute of Management Chennai.
The final 12 teams travelled to Deloitte’s Hyderabad office to compete for the Maverick 2014 title. They included IIM-A, IIM-K, IIM Raipur, IIM Rohtak, Great Lakes Chennai, FMS Delhi, IMT Ghaziabad, XLRI, NMIMS Mumbai, SIBM Bangalore, and SCMHRD Pune.
“Through the Maverick programme we are innovating to expose management students to the challenges and opportunities of tomorrow’s business world, today," said Bruce Stewart, Principal, Deloitte LLP, according to a press statement. "The programme exposes students to a corporate environment, and challenges them to think of unconventional solutions that are sustainable, learn from Deloitte’s business leaders, and display an innovation mindset and competencies that differentiate a leader.”
Over 13,500 management students from 54 business schools in India participated in the eight-week long programme, and worked in teams to design, propose and defend innovative solutions to business issues across multiple industry sectors.
(This article was published on September 30, 2014)
Related

Foreign media on Narendra Modis visit toUSPrint
Express News Service | Posted: September 30, 2014 12:21 pm | Updated: September 30, 2014 12:33 pm
Indian Prime Minster’s US visit has created much buzz in the national papers. This being the first diplomatic meeting between President Barack Obama and Prime Minister Narendra Modi, international media have been reporting on the visit as well.

Sensex gives a thumbs-up to RGR; back from red  up over 200 pointsSensex makes smart gains as RBI leaves policy rates unchanged
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 30, 2014, 12.42PM IST
Tags:
Axis Bank
(At 11:10 a.m.; the Nifty…)
MUMBAI: The S&P BSE Sensex broke out of intraday range and was near day's high led by gains in capital goods, banks and auto sectors.
The Reserve Bank of India, on expected lines, has left repo rate unchanged at 8 per cent and reverse repo unchanged at 7 per cent.
At 12:42 pm, the Sensex was at 26,799.12; up 202.01 points. The Nifty was at 8,017.90; up 59.00 points.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index was up 0.78 per cent and the S&P BSE Smallcap Index gained 0.69 per cent.
Among the sectoral indices, the S&P BSE Capital goods Index gained 1.24 per cent, the S&P BSE Bankex rose 0.47 per cent and the S&P BSE Auto Index rose 1.09 per cent.
The S&P BSE IT Index declined 0.52 per cent and the S&P BSE Power Index was down 0.05 per cent.
HDFC (up 2.50 per cent), Bajaj Auto (up 1.84 per cent), L&T (up 1.73 per cent), Sun Pharma (up 1.61 per cent) and Maruti (up 1.50 per cent) were among the Sensex gainers.
Infosys (0.95 per cent), Hindalco (0.88 per cent), TCS (0.77 per cent), Axis Bank (0.75 per cent) and Hindustan Unilever (0.62 per cent) were among the top losers.
The market breadth was positive on the BSE with 1438 gainers against 950 losers.
The foreign institutional investors were net buyers worth Rs 150.1 crore and domestic institutional investors were net buyers worth Rs 234.52 crore on Monday as per the provisional data from the National Stock Exchange.
MUMBAI: The Nifty continued to remain lackluster as the Reserve Bank of India, on expected lines, left key policy rates unchanged. Repo rates are unchanged at 8 per cent and reverse repo unchanged at 7 per cent.
At 11:10 a.m.; the 50-share index was at 7,961.60, up 2.70 points or 0.03 per cent. It touched a high of 7,977.30 and a low of 7,943.75 in trade today.
The S&P BSE Sensex was at 26,623.33, up 26.22 points or 0.10 per cent. It touched a high of 26,659.12 and a low of 26,547.44 in trade today.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index was up 0.50 per cent and the S&P BSE Smallcap Index gained 0.41 per cent.
Among the sectoral indices, the S&P BSE Healthcare Index gained 0.89 per cent, the S&P BSE Capital goods Index rose 0.65 per cent and the S&P BSE Auto Index rose 0.68 per cent.
The S&P BSE IT Index declined 0.38 per cent, the S&P BSE Metal Index was down 0.28 per cent and the S&P BSE Power Index slipped 0.31 per cent.
Axis Bank (1.29 per cent), Tata Steel (1.04 per cent), Hindalco (1.03 per cent), GAIL (0.91 per cent) and Infosys (0.76 per cent) were among the top losers.
HDFC (up 2.10 per cent), Bajaj Auto (up 1.58 per cent), Sun Pharma (up 1.53 per cent), Maruti (up 1.04 per cent) and Tata Power (up 1.02 per cent) were among the Sensex gainers.
The market breadth was positive on the BSE with 1,295 gainers against 1,031 losers.
Foreign institutional investors were net buyers worth Rs 150.1 crore and domestic institutional investors were net buyers worth Rs 234.52 crore on Monday as per the provisional data from the National Stock Exchange.
FEATURED ARTICLES

OP keeps the bulk of portfoliosUpdated: September 30, 2014 12:53 IST
OP keeps the bulk of portfolios
Special Correspondent
Tweet
The Hindu Gokula Indira breaks down while taking the oath as a Minister at the Raj Bhavan on Monday.
O. Panneerselvam, who was sworn in as Chief Minister for the second time on Monday, will carry a heavy interim baggage, holding the portfolios of Finance, Home, Police, Public Works Department and Planning among others.
The list of portfolios released by the Raj Bhavan on Monday night said that apart from these, Mr. Panneerselvam will handle the portfolios of Public, IAS, IPS and IFS officers, General Administration, District Revenue Officers, Legislative Assembly, Elections and Passports and Irrigation, including Minor Irrigation and Programme Works.
 Natham Viswanathan, now no. 2 in the 31-member Cabinet, will continue to hold the Electricity and Non-conventional Energy Development portfolios. Prohibition and Excise, and Molasses are among the other subjects to be dealt by him. 
R. Vaithilingam, ranked third in this Cabinet, as the Minister for Housing and Urban Development, will also be in charge of Slum Clearance Board, Town Planning, and Chennai Metropolitan Development Authority.
The portfolios allocated to the other Ministers are as follows:
Edapadi K Palanisamy (Minister for Highways and MinorPorts); P. Mohan (Rural Industries and Labour); B. Valarmathi ( Social Welfare and Nutritious Noon Meal Programme); P. Palaniappan (Higher Education); Sellur K Raju (Cooperation); R. Kamaraj (Food); P. Thangamani (Industries); V. Senthil Balaji (Transport); M.C. Sampath (Commercial Taxes and Registration); Agri. S.S. Krishnamoorthy (Agriculture); S.P. Velumani (Municipal Administration, Rural Development, Law, Courts and Prisons); T.K.M. Chinnayya (Animal Husbandry); S. Gokula Indira (Handlooms and Textiles); S. Sundararaj (Sports and Youth Welfare); Cheudur Pandian (HR & CE); S.P. Shanmuganathan (Tourism); N. Subramanian (Adi Dravidar and Tribal Welfare); K.A. Jayapal (Fisheries); Mukkur N Subramainan (Information Technology); R.B. Udhaya Kumar (Revenue); T.K. Rajenthra Bhalaji (Information and Special Programmes Implementation); B.V. Ramanaa (Milk and Dairy Development); K.C. Veeramani (School Education); M.S.M. Anandan (Forests); Thoppu N.D. Venkatachalam (Environment); T.P. Poonachi (Khadi and Village Industries); S. Abdul Rahim (Backward Classes and Minorities Welfare); and Dr. C. Vijayabaskar (Health, Medical Education and Family Welfare).
All the Ministers took oath on Monday.
RELATED NEWS

Kannan declares moral support to JayalalithaaUpdated: September 30, 2014 12:52 IST
Kannan declares “moral support” to Jayalalithaa
Special Correspondent
The Hindu P. Kannan.
‘Her opponents may be happy, but a strong sympathy wave prevails among the public’
Senior Congress leader and Rajya Sabha member P. Kannan caused a flutter in political circles on Monday by declaring his “moral support” to the imprisoned AIADMK general secretary, Jayalalithaa.
Addressing journalists here, he said that while the conviction of Ms. Jayalalithaa in the disproportionate assets case was considered a setback to her, it caused anguish among the people, who sympathised with her, because she had implemented several measures for the benefit of the poor and the middle-class.
“Her opponents may be happy, but a strong sympathy wave prevails among the public. The wave will change the political scenario in Puducherry and Tamil Nadu,” he said.
Mr. Kannan said: “All who go to jail cannot be dismissed as guilty in absolute terms in the same way that not everyone not in jail can be regarded as innocents.”
He said he would go meet her wherever it was possible. The people who imagined her political life was finished would end up disappointed.
Asked whether he would switch over to the AIADMK, Mr. Kannan said: “I am not a defector. I will never be defecting.”
If the CBI and other agencies handled the 2G spectrum case in a proper way, many should have gone to prison. Several persons involved in the scam were roaming free, he said.

Sensex Rises Sharply  Nifty Above 8 000 MarkYou are here: Home Market
Sensex Rises Sharply, Nifty Above 8,000 Mark
NDTV | Updated On: September 30, 2014 12:53 (IST)
Markets to Track Winter Session Action: Experts
The BSE Sensex and Nifty recovered sharply from the lows hit after the Reserve Bank kept key policy rated unchanged.
As of 12.30 a.m. The Sensex traded 162 points higher at 26,759 and the Nifty was up 0.56 per cent at 8,003.45.
Rate sensitive sectors like bank, auto and realty also recovered from their day's low. The Bank Nifty was up 0.4 per cent, the CNX Auto index gained 0.95 per cent and the CNX Realty index was up 0.24 per cent.
Although the Reserve Bank kept key rates unchanged, but it said, it would cut the ceiling on bonds that must be kept under the held-to-maturity (HTM) category from the current 24 percent to 22 percent in stages starting in the bi-weekly cycle beginning in January 10, 2015. This move will improve the liquidity situation of banks further.
Among the banks Kotak Mahindra Bank gained the most, which was up over 2 per cent whereas Union Bank of India, Federal Bank and United Bank of India were up over 1 per cent each.
CNX Pharma sub-index gained 1.33 per cent as investors preferred to stay with defensives. Glenmark Pharmaceuticals gained 2 per cent whereas Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy were up over 1.5 per cent each extending their last two day's gains. Including today's gain Sun Pharma has gained over 9 per cent in last three trading sessions.
The broader markets outperformed the Nifty and Sensex as both the BSE Midcap and BSE Small cap index were up over 0.8 per cent each.
Market breadth remained positive as 345 stocks out of the 500 stocks in BSE 500 were up.
Story first published on: September 30, 2014 12:53 (IST)

Modi-Obama Power Meet in PicturesModi-Obama Power Meet in Pictures
Microsoft announces local data centres in indiaMicrosoft announces local data centres in india
Terrorism in India "exported"  not home-grown: Narendra ModiTerrorism in India "exported"  not home-grown: Narendra Modi
Flipkart joins hands with PC Jewellers to start online jewellery bizFlipkart joins hands with PC Jewellers to start online jewellery biz
UM Motorcycles India announces joint venture with Lohia AutoUM Motorcycles India announces joint venture with Lohia Auto
Asian stocks unsettled by HK  sluggish China factoriesAsian stocks unsettled by HK, sluggish China factories
Reuters
Tweet
Sydney, Sept 30:  
Asian markets were in hesitant mood on Tuesday as investors wondered what China's response would be to civil unrest in Hong Kong, while the US dollar eased back a touch but was still on track for its biggest monthly gain in well over a year.
Tens of thousands of pro-democracy protesters blocked Hong Kong streets on Tuesday, in one of the biggest political challenges to Beijing since the Tiananmen Square crackdown 25 years ago.
The unrest was an added complication for investors amid long-standing concerns about the health of China's economy.
An HSBC survey of manufacturing (PMI) for September disappointed slightly by showing a final reading of 50.2, steady on August but down from its preliminary 50.5.
One bright spot was a measure of new export orders which climbed to a 4-1/2-year-high of 54.5.
The official version of the PMI is due on Wednesday and analysts look for a steady outcome around 51.0.
Hong Kong's Hang Seng Index shed another 1.3 per cent to its lowest in three months. MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan lost 0.3 per cent having already fallen sharply on Monday.
Chinese shares have been less troubled, perhaps because news and images of the protests are hard to come by on the mainland.
The Shanghai index inched up 0.1 per cent to near a 19-month peak, while the CSI300 held steady.
Mixed data for Japan
In Japan, the latest data was so mixed that they offered little clarity about the actual state of the economy.
The figures suggested unemployment declined in August and retail sales rebounded, but also that household spending and industrial output had both fallen sharply.
The Topix index retreated 0.8 per cent and away from six-year highs, while the Nikkei also fell 0.8 per cent.
Worryingly South Korea also reported a 3.8 per cent drop in industrial output in August, the biggest fall since the 2008 global financial crisis, though some of that was due to strike action at automakers. Stocks in Seoul eased 0.3 per cent.
MSCI's emerging markets index had also been dragged down by big losses in Brazil.
The Brazilian real fell to a near six-year low and the benchmark Bovespa index notched its biggest one-day drop in more than three years after a poll showed President Dilma Rousseff gaining on challenger Marina Silva ahead of Sunday's election. The Bovespa fell 4.5 per cent.
Asian markets got no help from Wall Street, where the Dow closed down 0.25 per cent on Monday, while the S&P 500 fell 0.25 per cent and the Nasdaq 0.14 per cent.
Shares of companies exposed to Hong Kong fell, with HSBC down 2.3 percent and luxury goods group Richemont off 1.7 per cent.
There was better news for Apple Inc after China approved the sales of the iPhone 6 in the country.
The iPhone 6 had been released in other countries on September 19 but Apple did not give a date for China, the world's largest smartphone market.
Dollar on a roll
The US dollar hovered at a four-year peak against a basket of major currencies and its gains of 3.5 per cent so far this month were the largest since February 2013.
The scale of the gains tempted profit-takers on Tuesday and the dollar took a small step back to 109.34 yen and off a six-year high of 109.75 hit overnight.
The euro came within a whisker of its November 2012 trough of $1.2661 before edging back up to $1.2693.
One of the worst-performing major currencies this month was the New Zealand dollar, which is down nearly 7 per cent.
Data on Monday confirming the Reserve Bank of New Zealand had intervened to weaken the currency sent it as low as $0.7708, before a bounce to $0.7802.
The stronger US dollar has been a heavyweight on many commodities since it makes them more expensive for buyers using other currencies.
Spot gold was down at $1,216.50 an ounce, not far from last week's trough at $1,206.85 and poised to post its sharpest monthly loss since June 2013.
U.S. crude oil eased a couple of cents to $94.55 a barrel, after managing a modest rally on Monday. Brent nudged up 5 cents to $97.25 but remained uncomfortably close to its recent two-year low.
Oil prices on both sides of the Atlantic were on track for their third monthly loss in a row due to ample supply and subdued demand in Europe and China.
(This article was published on September 30, 2014)
Related

Market weathers RBI Governors decision to hold ratesSensex ends flat after a wild swing
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 30:  
Sensex closed flat with a gain of 33 points after roller-coaster rider influenced by the RBI credit policy.
The benchmark Sensex opened on the higher side at 26,611 against the previous close 26,597. It made a high of 26,851 and low of 26,481 before closing at 26,631. The turnover on BSE was up at Rs 3,821 crore against Rs 2,742 crore registered on Monday.
In NSE, the Nifty was up six points at 7,965.
The Reserve Bank of India kept the key bank rates unchanged after a monetary policy review on Tuesday as it waited for more signs of inflation retreating. Interest rate sensitive banking and realty stocks declined after the RBI policy review. PSU oil market companies gained ahead their fortnightly fuel price revision on Wednesday. Tyre stocks rose across the board on persistent fall in rubber prices.
Maruti Suzuki rose two per cent to Rs 3,064. The company announced after market hours on Tuesday that it will proactively inspect and repair the wiring harness fitment of 69,555 diesel vehicles manufactured between March, 2010 and August, 2013. This exercise is limited to vehicles within the above specified range and does not pertain to any other vehicle of the company or its exports. The problem was noticed based on feedback monitoring and internal checks by the company. Accordingly proactive action has been initiated in the interest of customers, said the company.
PSU bank stocks declined after Financial Services Secretary GS Sandhu was quoted on Tuesday saying that state-run banks will soon start raising funds from markets, as part of government's efforts to infuse capital into banks to meet the Basel III norms.
Among public sector banks that declined include Bank of India (-4%), Union Bank of India (-3%), IDBI Bank (-2%), Canara Bank (-2%) and State Bank of India (-0.21%), edged lower.
The major gainers include Eicher Motors (6%), JP Infratech (6%), Apollo Tyres (6%), MRF (5%), Bhushan Steel (5%), Marico (5%) and GSK Consumer Healthcare (5%).
Prominent losers include IndiaBulls Real Estate (-5%), GMR Infra (-5%), Suzlon (-5%), Unitech (-5%), DLF (-5%), JSW Steel (-4%), Shriram Transport Finance (-4%).
(This article was published on September 30, 2014)
Related

HK protests expected to last for long periodHong Kong expects democracy protests to last for ‘long period’
By Demetri Sevastopulo in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/40ba38de-485b-11e4-b5ad-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Samsung Alpha comes to India at Rs 39 990The phone comes with a heart rate monitor and syncs with Gear range of devices.
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | Posted: September 27, 2014 1:38 pm | Updated: September 28, 2014 12:16 pm
With the festival season just kicking off in the country, Samsung on Saturday launched its new Alpha smartphone in India. The phone Will be priced Rs 39,990 and will be available in the first week of October.
The stylish phone is different from the trademark Galaxy design of the Korean tech giant and will try and woo those looking for a top end phone.
Powered by an octa-core processor (1.8GHz +1.3GHz) with 2GB RAM the Android Kitkat, Alpha will have a 4.7-inch HD super AMOLED screen.  It has a 12 MP rear camera and 2.1 MP front camera. The phone has a 1860 mAh battery and 32GB internal storage. The phone will also come with the fingerprint scanner.
Samsung claims the new display saves about 10 per cent of battery while the octave core professorship helps save on power consumption. Like in other top end Kitkat phones, the Alpha too comes with Ultra Power Saving.
The phone comes with a heart rate monitor and syncs with Gear range of devices. It also has 4G LTE capability and Airtel Will give 5GB of LTE data and 2GB or 3G/2G free for two months.

Club Mahindra Resorts to add 500 rooms @ 500 crComments
Mahindra Holidays and Resorts, a vacation ownership company part of the Mahindra Group, plans to spend up to Rs. 500 crore over the next 18 months towards capacity expansion. The company will add new resorts in India and possibly abroad too, according to a senior company official.
The company, which operates under the Club Mahindra brand, has over 40 resorts and about 1.72 lakh members.
“We are looking at more destinations to expand and plan to add around 500 more rooms in the next 18 months,” Deepali Nair, chief marketing officer, Mahindra Holidays, said on the sidelines of a recently held HT Brand Summit.
While some of the rooms will be added to its existing resorts like Virajpet, in Karnataka, it is also looking to build new resorts. Apart from India, the company also has resorts in international markets like Dubai, Thailand and Austria. The company acquired a 60-room resort in Manali, Himachal Pradesh in June. Earlier this year, it also acquired 18.8% stake in Finland vacation ownership firm Holiday Club Resorts. Mahindra Holidays will continue to be on the prowl to buy properties as well, Nair said.
“Opportunistically we will acquire and we are also building. We are open to national as well as international,” she said.
Hotel companies have had to weather a slowdown over the last 1-2 years. Mahindra Holidays’ consolidated net profit for the year-ended March 2014 declined to Rs. 87 crore from Rs. 91 crore, although net sales increased to Rs. 769 crore from Rs. 694 crore.
The company offers memberships for 25 years, and Nair said that the wider industry and economic downturn has slowed down its pace of member additions.
“New memberships... we have not seen a acceleration or growth. Because, I think, what may get impacted due to the discretionary spends being low is that a commitment to the 25 year thing, that is going to get impacted. I am adding new members, but its not that I am adding more members this month than the same period last year,” she said.
The company is focusing on schemes like zero interest EMIs and member referral programmes to boost memberships, Nair added.  
Battling slowdown with growth
* Club Mahindra brand has over 40 resorts and about 1.72 lakh members.
* Mahindra Holidays’ consolidated net profit for the year-ended March fell to Rs. 87 crore.
* It is focusing on schemes like zero interest EMIs to boost memberships.

Swachh Bharat: Govt in talks with Gates  FacebookBaba Ramdev
(The government is also trying…)
NEW DELHI: The Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation and social media giant Facebook are likely to partner with the government on Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Swachh Bharat sanitation drive that will be launched on October 2.
While the charity foundation of Microsoft founder Bill Gates and his wife will likely share its R&D experience and also offer technology to build cost-effective toilets, Facebook is likely to be a part of a huge social media campaign that the government will launch, said a senior government official.
"We are trying to rope in the Gates Foundation. Several plans are under consideration at the moment," he said, not wanting to be named.
Gates met Urban Development Minister Venkaiah Naidu last week and had in principle agreed on a partnership to promote user-friendly toilets to ensure universal sanitation in India with the objective of addressing sanitation-related health concerns.
There is also speculation that Facebook founder and Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg will be part of the launch of the Swachh Bharat Mission on Gandhi Jayanti.
The government is also trying to involve the likes of Aamir Khan and Baba Ramdev for the programme but discussions are still at an early stage and are likely to be finalised next week, the official said.
"We will also use Facebook, Twitter, WhatsApp and other mediums to promote sanitation."
Modi's Swatch Bharat call from the ramparts of the Red Fort in Delhi during his Independence Day speech has pushed both the government and the private sector into action.
Under this mission, the plan is to equip every household with toilet facility by 2019, Mahatma Gandhi's 150th birth anniversary year. Modi has also urged all Indians to devote at least 100 hours every year to cleanliness.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Swachh Bharat Abhiyan  launched in Rashtrapati Bhavan'Swachh Bharat Abhiyan' launched in Rashtrapati Bhavan
PTI Sep 27, 2014, 06.33PM IST
Tags:
Narendra Modi
(Over 2,000 officers and…)
NEW DELHI: The Narendra Modi government's 'Swachh Bharat Abhiyan' of initiating cleanliness drive in the surroundings was launched in the Rashtrapati Bhavan today.
Over 2,000 officers and staff of the Presidential Estate, including those from the President's Bodyguard, Army Guard and Delhi Police, undertook a cleanliness drive within the large campus and they were led by President's Secretary Omita Paul in the initiative.
The cleanliness drive has been initiated in three different sections of the Rashtrapati Bhavan and the weekend of September 27-28 has been declared working days for all officers and staff.
The cleanliness drive will continue till Gandhi Jayanti on October 2, a Rashtrapati Bhavan statement said.
The statement said President Pranab Mukherjee will mark the birth anniversary of the Father of the Nation from his home in West Bengal.
"On account of Puja, the President would be at his ancestral home in Mirati in West Bengal on Gandhi Jayanti. He will pay homage to the father of the nation by garlanding a portrait of Mahatma Gandhi in the Kirnahar Shib Chandra High School in Birbhum.
He will also mark the day by flagging off a cleanliness drive by children belonging to the local school," it said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Missed rally Here s how you can still rake in profitsMissed the stock rally? Here's how you can still rake in profits
Sanket Dhanorkar, ET Bureau Sep 29, 2014, 11.40AM IST
Tags:
bull market
(The consensus is that the…)
Once every year in the Brazilian capital of Rio de Janeiro, almost the entire nation stops and participates in the feverish merrymaking of the carnival. Nobody wants to miss out on the fun. Over the past year, the Indian stock market has also been witness to a carnival of sorts.
Equity investors bid goodbye to a bruising six-year-long volatile market as the sentiment turned decidedly bullish.
However, the similarity between the two carnivals ends here. A large part of the public here completely stayed away from the 'festivities' and only a handful of individuals really benefited from the rally. Most small investors remained on the sidelines, either afraid to venture into the stock market due to their previous bad experience, or unconvinced about the revival story, or both.
If you are among such investors, you are likely to be in a bind now. You can see the rewards that patient investors are reaping and want to get a piece of the pie. However, if you are trying to catch the bus, be aware of what you are getting into. The previous bull markets have shown enough instances of people ending up taking rash decisions as they tried to make up for lost opportunities. In the pages that follow, we lay out a path for all those who have been left behind by the charging bulls.
Should you jump in now?
If you have stayed away from the market all this time, do not be hard on yourself. The extent of the rally has caught even some seasoned market professionals by surprise.
Stocks prices have soared across the board, with some stocks doubling or even tripling in value. The big question is whether the bull market is likely to continue or is a correction waiting to happen? The consensus is that the Indian economy, after a long and exhausting ordeal, is well-placed to clock higher growth in the years to come. A confluence of various positives is expected to provide a big fillip to economic growth and corporate earnings. Nandkumar Surti, CEO, JP Morgan Asset Management Company, says that a combination of factors indicates that corporate profitability should steadily improve over the coming quarters. There is a strong leadership at the RBI and the Centre, proactive steps are being taken by the government to tackle inflation and crude oil prices are low, which augur well for the fiscal and current account deficit. "The equity market indices are a slave of corporate earning numbers and as long as the economic conditions continue to improve, the markets should continue with the positive trend in line with the earnings momentum," adds Surti.
  In a big endorsement of India's growth prospects under a new pro-reform government, global credit rating agency S&P revised India's credit outlook last week from 'negative' to 'stable'. This will further boost investor sentiment and attract a higher foreign flow into the domestic market.
The good news for investors is that most experts are convinced there is still a lot of steam left in the market. Even if you missed the initial rally, there is scope to make gains now. At 27,000, the Sensex may look lofty enough to deter investors from putting in money at these levels. This is where investors are getting the math completely wrong, says Vikas Gupta, executive vice-president, Arthveda Fund Management. Gupta argues that investors should not look at absolute index levels. "Though the market is at an alltime high in terms of absolute levels, such levels are hardly a measure of the true price of the markets."
Indeed, if you look at metrics such as price to earnings (PE) ratio and price to book value (PBV) ratio, the valuations are still below historic levels. This suggests that there is still scope for more gains. When the Sensex hit its previous peak in 2008, it was trading at 28 times its past 12 months' earnings. During the 2010 peak, it was at 24 times. By comparison, at the peak of 27,355 earlier this month, the Sensex PE was 19 (see graph).
Experts say that those wanting to invest in stocks must step in now. Waiting for a correction to get a foot-hold in the market would not be a good idea. Nirakar Pradhan, CIO, Future Generali Life Insurance, says, "More money is lost in the stock market by waiting for correction than in actual correction. Rather than waiting for a correction, one should enter the market and follow a structured approach to investing in equity now." So if you are keen on putting in some money now, go ahead and do it. However, do not step into the market blindly. Make sure you have a proper strategy in place as you look to ride the unfolding recovery.
5 THINGS INVESTORS SHOULD DO NOW
1. Don't be in a hurry to build your equity allocation.
Having missed the rally and given the promise of gains still to be made, many investors would be tempted to dive headlong into the market now. They may try to ramp up their equity exposure in order to make up for the lost time. But diving into the deep end of the pool will not be a good idea, feel experts.

Investors likely to face a riskier entry point in market rallyYou are here: Home > Collections
Investors likely to face a riskier entry point in market rally
Sep 29, 2014, 08.00AM IST
Tags:
(The markets are not at attractive…)
By Ajit Dayal
One year ago, I wrote a column urging investors not to ignore equity as an asset class. Not many took heed. Fixed deposits, and their packaged equivalents, such as fixed maturity plans, remained the sole focus of investment for many.
Today, the investment team at Quantum Long Term Equity Fund made the headlines because the fund has unusually high levels of cash. The "high cash" levels is not a judgement on any government or any macro call on where the world is headed. Rather, it is the residual outcome of the decision by the investment team to sell shares that have surged and are no longer, in the eyes of the research team at Quantum AMC, what we would call "value" stocks.
As stocks are sold, cash is generated and, since the long-term research and investment process is not being able to identify any new stocks to buy, the cash levels increase.
Predictably, very few mutual fund houses are now selling fixed return products. They are selling equity as an asset class of choice, despite the spectacular returns of between 50% and 100% over the past one year. The army of sales professionals employed by many of these players in the AMC business are out there to sell whatever is likely to move. They are usually not paid to educate and caution clients or encourage rational behaviour.
There is no investment law that says that the "long-term value" process adopted by Quantum Long Term Equity Fund is right. Value managers, like those who manage the fund, could be, and have been, horribly wrong for long periods of time. Making bad investment calls is not a function of net worth needed to launch an AMC, as both small and large AMCs can be wrong.
The stock market does not stop rising just because a "value" manager believes it is time to book some profits. No, the markets have a mood of their own. The herd mentality of markets can sometimes ignore the most blatant bit of bad news. Conversely, group-think can assume that a figment of imagination is a holy reality.
With the Sensex at the 27,000 levels, many expect it to hit 30,000 in one year. That may sound impressive, but in simple arithmetic, that is a return of 10%. Fixed deposits yield 9% for one year. And, while FDs are not likely to lose their capital value, investment in equity mutual funds, or individual stocks, can see a substantial erosion of wealth if the "market sentiment" sours, as it has on several occasions in the past.
Buy earnings growth, not hope!
Over the long-term, markets are driven by the earnings power of companies. So far, there is little to suggest that corporate India has seen any uptick in its ability to expand profits beyond the present mediocre rate of 10% per annum. The Modi victory has led to expectations, but the reality is lagging.
The risk-reward ratio is no longer in favour of investors. The safe point of entry, from a "value" investor's perspective, probably ended around the 22,000 levels for the BSE-30 Index. Yet, retail investors must have an exposure to equity as an asset class.
But they must diligently do so by investing small amounts of money over extended periods of time. Our suggestion to some clients, who are low in equity and have a 10-year view on generating returns, is to invest 10% of what they wish to invest at these levels and the balance 90% over the next nine months.
For others with a higher risk appetite we have suggested a mix of 50% now and 50% to be added when (and if ) the market corrects. The advice is based on individual client discussions, where possible.
By keeping some money earmarked for equity, out of the markets for now, clients with low equity exposure can increase the allocation or change the time line of their investments as and when the market corrects. SIPs are flexible and can be cancelled and modified. Those with high equity exposure, or a lesser ability to withstand the eventual downward movement, should trim their exposure.
Buying small-cap or mid-cap funds or individual stocks in a higher proportion can be dangerous. The range of exposure to such a risky asset class should be 0-25% depending on many factors, including the time horizon and one's ability to withstand risk.
There are few successful companies that have transitioned from being small caps to mid caps and then to large caps. But there are many more that have tried and failed, and caused a massive erosion of investor wealth along the way. Yes, finding these rough diamonds is exciting and very rewarding, but putting too much emphasis on this path to getting rich is not advisable.
While I am a big believer in the India story, at the end of the day, investors in equity shares or equity mutual funds buy an estimated flow of earnings and not the hope of an increase in the estimated flow of earnings. The markets are not at attractive entry levels and, unless there is some big bang reform to support it, these index levels are not sustainable. Be a buyer, but beware.
(The author is Director, Quantum Advisors and Chairman, Quantum AMC.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Key risks posed by market upswings can wipe out gainsKey risks posed by market upswings can wipe out gains
Sanjay Kumar Singh, ET Bureau Sep 29, 2014, 08.00AM IST
Tags:
earnings
(The first rate hike is expected…)
Saurin Parekh, 34, an Ahmedabad-based equity investor, has been part of the market upswing that has carried the Sensex from 18,000-plus to 26,000-plus over the past one year. But Parekh is now fearful that an untoward event may wipe out his gains. What should investors like him do?
Rate hike by the US Fed
The biggest bogey in the markets is the US Fed hiking the Fed funds rate. The first rate hike is expected in mid-2015, but it could be advanced by a quarter or two if the US economy recovers faster than expected. Market participants fear that FII investments, which have been robust so far this year, may decline or even reverse.
Some market experts are confident that the impact on the Indian markets will not be as severe as in the summer of 2013. Says Sanjay Sinha, founder, Citrus Advisors, a wealth management firm:
"The Fed has reduced bond buying from $85 billion a month to $15 billion over the past few months. During this period, India and several other emerging markets have seen high FII investment. This appears to suggest that money chases attractive markets and is not influenced only by its easy availability."
The Fed has been preparing the markets for this eventuality. Nonetheless, some short-term turbulence can't be ruled out. Says Ravi Gopalakrishnan, head of equities, Canara Robeco Asset Management: "It is natural to expect some changes in the amount of liquidity flowing to emerging markets, including India. But on a relative basis our country stands tall, so it will continue to attract investments. I don't think there will be a significant reversal in fund flows."
Global risks
Several other concerns are also emanating from abroad, such as an upsurge in housing prices in the US, the unwieldy balance sheets of economies such as France, Italy and the US, and sluggish overall growth.
Says Sinha: "Against the backdrop of these global risks , the rally in the global markets, exemplified by the Dow Jones and the S&P 500 crossing all-time highs, may retrace to some extent. In such a scenario, it may be difficult for the Indian market to stand up in isolation."
If earnings disappoint
Valuations within the Indian market are no longer inexpensive. The Nifty is trading at 17-18 times 2015-16 earnings, higher than long-term averages.
Currently, the market expects corporate earnings growth to gather pace by the middle of 2015-16, by when the measures being taken by the government to revive growth may bear fruit.
That's when the earnings growth rate may rise to the 18-20% level. "Growth will have to accelerate in 2015-16 and beyond for the markets to sustain their current valuations," says Gopalakrishnan.
If reforms don't materialise
Already there is some disappointment among investors with the NDA government's reluctance to undertake politically sensitive reforms. The government is currently focusing more on implementation and removing procedural delays.
While this is definitely required to revive manufacturing, at some stage the government will have to show its intent to undertake important reforms—announcing a hike in the price of natural gas to encourage indigenous production, passing the insurance reforms bill, and so on—if it wants foreign investors to remain interested.
Oil prices may reverse
The current low oil prices will have a positive impact on India's inflation rate, trade balance, fiscal deficit, and the input costs of corporates.
But if geopolitical events cause a disruption in oil supplies and a spike in its price, it would be a setback for both the Indian economy and the markets.
On the positive side, the economic recovery is underway, the current account deficit is not a concern, inflation may finally be waning, and the country has a government that is intent on reviving growth and creating an investor-friendly environment. In view of these positives, do limited profit booking and stick to your asset allocation.
Will robust FII investments continue?
A key fear in the markets today is that FII investments might slacken or reverse if the Fed decides to raise interest rates.
FEATURED ARTICLES

After eliminating polio  govt targets measlesNew Delhi, September 29, 2014
Updated: September 29, 2014 17:11 IST
After eliminating polio, govt targets measles
PTI
The Hindu File photo of a child being administered with measles vaccine in Chennai.
TOPICS
vaccines
An ambitious drive to eliminate or control a host of diseases, including measles, which affects lakhs of people and leave many killed every year will be launched, Health Minister Harsh Vardhan on Monday said.
Dr. Vardhan said the government was already working towards eliminating measles by 2015 and Rubella, also known as German measles, and ‘Kala-azar’ or black fever by 2015.
It also aims to eliminate parasitic disease Filaria by 2015 and Leprosy at district level by 2017.
“We got rid of Smallpox in 1977 and Polio in 2014. There is no reason why we cannot finish others,” he said during a press conference here.
Dr. Vardhan said the government has called a meeting of health secretaries from across the country on October 9 in this regard, following which a nationwide programme will be launched regarding elimination of such diseases and others.
“We have problems of hypertension, diabetes, cancer, obesity among others and a detailed module and protocol to deal with them is ready. There will be a final discussion on October 9 before we roll it out,” he said.
Boost for Ayush
Hinting that ‘Ayush’, which includes Ayurveda and Yoga, may receive a boost under the BJP government, Dr. Vardhan said the Health Ministry is ready with ‘The Recognition of New Systems of Medicine Bill, 2014,’ to determine the distinctive characteristics of alternative systems of medicine.
The government for the first time will also host the ’World Ayurveda Congress’ between November 7—9 and 24 ministers from 40 countries will participate in it, he said.
“Universal Health Assurance Mission, which is yet to get the government’s nod, will have 50 essential drugs with a package of diagnostics and about 30 Ayush drugs that will be made accessible to all citizens,” he said.

Rahul  Sonia assure full support to flood-affected people in J&KCongress president Sonia Gandhi along with party Vice President Rahul Gandhi meeting with flood affected people at Dehruna village of Anantnag district of South Kashmir on Monday. (Source:PTI)
Written by Mir Ehsan | Anantnag | Posted: September 29, 2014 6:44 pm | Updated: October 2, 2014 3:20 pm
Congress president Sonia Gandhi and the party’s vice-president Rahul Gandhi interacted with villagers during their visit to flood-hit Wantpora Dhurama village in South Kashmir on Monday.
Around 41 houses in this hamlet, located about 68 km away from Srinagar, were damaged by the floods on September 5. The 19 families of this village lost every household item in the calamity and could not control their emotions when Sonia and Rahul reached a relief camp in the village.
Congress president Sonia Gandhi along with party Vice President Rahul Gandhi during a meeting with flood affected people at Dehruna village of Anantnag district of South Kashmir on Monday. (Source: PTI)
An old villager Ghulam Qadir told the Congress leaders that he lost everything he had earned over six decades and also spoke of how difficult it would be to spend the winter months in temporary shelters. Some families also told Sonia that generous funding from the Centre was needed to enable the flood victims to start their lives afresh.
Congress president was accompanied by leader of Opposition in Rajya Sabha Ghulam Nabi Azad and J&K Pradesh Congress president Saifuddin Soz.
Sonia Gandhi and senior leader Ghulam Nabi Azad meeting with a flood affected family at Dehruna village of Anantnag district of South Kashmir on Monday. (Source: PTI)
Moved by the plight of the flood victims, Rahul said that before winter, they would make arrangements for providing relief to the affected families.
Sonia and Rahul also made an aerial survey of the flood-affected villages and visited some hamlets in Central Kashmir’s Berwah village. The Congress president also distributed relief kits among the affected villagers.
Sonia also held a review meeting in the evening during which senior leaders briefed her about the damages caused by the floods.
On Tuesday, Sonia and Rahul will be visiting Poonch and Rajouri districts of Jammu and Kashmir. “Congress president Sonia Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi were moved by the devastations caused by the floods in the state. They promised to help the people,” J&K state Congress president Saifudin Soz told The Indian Express.

When and why the world has turned its gaze on Narendra ModiWhen and why the world has turned its gaze on Narendra Modi
Prashant Jha , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 29, 2014
First Published: 19:40 IST(29/9/2014) | Last Updated: 20:07 IST(29/9/2014)
Comments
If you thought that it was only the Indian media which was covering Narendra Modi’s US visit, you are mistaken – for the American media is gazing hard at what hit New York over the weekend. 
When the then Prime Minister Manmohan Singh visited White House last year, on his final bilateral visit to the US, the Washington Post did not find it quite newsworthy. This time, even before Modi got to the US capital, the paper had done several stories around his visit. 
Annie Gowen, the India bureau chief of the Post, told HT, “There has been a lot more coverage than when Indian prime ministers have visited in the past. I have already done a story. We had a blog on the Madison Square Garden (MSG) event, and another story on the Indian diaspora. Our White House reporters will be covering Modi’s meetings with Obama, as well as the State Department lunch.”
The New York Times has also kept a close watch on the visit. Its South Asia bureau chief, Ellen Barry, wrote a piece introducing Modi’s style of governance so far, which was published on Page 1. The Times ran a snippet on how Modi’s fast would impact White House’ dinner diplomacy, as well as stories on Modi as the ‘Social Media Politician’, the build up to his MSG event, a mood piece on the event itself, and an analytical story on the bilateral relationship.
In one story, a reporter gushed, “Old and young, Indian-born and American-born, the crowd laughed and roared, hollered and clapped.” Apart from the Post and Times, Modi himself gave a pre-visit interview to CNN and wrote an oped in the Wall Street Journal.
The Economist, in a blog, was less adulatory in its tone, pointing to the traffic snarl caused by Modi, and analysed his motivations as two-fold – to build an American support base powerful enough to shape US policy towards India and provide TV images back home to confirm his status as a global giant. Strikingly, Modi even made it to the news-satire John Oliver show, Last Week Tonight, on HBO where Oliver said among world leaders who had descended on New York for the UN summit, no one has had a ‘bigger impact’ than Modi – though he mistakenly called him India’s foreign minister.
So what explains the interest?
One reason is precisely that Americans, outside campaign season, are not used to the fever pitch excitement around a politician – especially at a time when their own politicians have low popularity ratings. Milan Vaishnav, South Asia associate at Carnegie Endowment, told HT from Washington, “Many Americans are fascinated that a world leader can book (and fill) MSG.”
He added that the ‘dramatic reversal’ in US government’s perception of Modi and his imminent welcome to Oval office, as well as his compelling life story and electoral mandate means he is coming to DC from a position of strength. “This is a departure from recent PM visits to Washington.”
Gowen concurs, “He is obviously a larger-than-life figure and fairly charismatic to many Indians. He is newly elected. Many in US tuned in rather late to the prospect of him winning, and realized this was a man who was banned to enter the United States. So there is curiosity about this person India has elected.”
Some perspective is important though. While there is an increase in US press coverage, it pales in front of the relentless Indian media coverage. The increase has also been largely in print and online and it is to be seen if US TV channels ramp up coverage as Modi arrives in the US capital.

Benefit of Ranbaxy Deal to Accrue in Few Years: Sun PharmaSebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
New Delhi: Drug maker Sun Pharma has said that it will take a "few years" for it to realise the benefits of its $4-billion takeover of Ranbaxy, terming the deal as a "complex and large acquisition".
Sun Pharma chairman Israel Makov said that his company will leverage on complementary functional strengths to achieve topline growth and gains through both revenue enhancement and operational synergies, translating into higher margins, greater market share and more profits through the takeover of Ranbaxy.
"Ranbaxy is a large and complex acquisition and it will take us a few years to fully realise the above benefits," Mr Markov said while addressing the shareholders last week.
He added that Sun has robust track record of turning around its acquisitions into success stories.
The proposed acquisition is expected to close by the end of 2014, subject to approvals from Indian Courts and the antitrust body in India and the US, Mr Makov said.
"This landmark transaction has the potential to create significant value for shareholders of both the companies in the long term... The merged entity will emerge as the world's 5th largest specialty generic company with strong presence in India, emerging markets and the US," he said.
He added that the relatively low share of Indian firms in the US generics market implies good long-term potential.
"Post the closure of the Ranbaxy acquisition, Sun Pharma will become the largest Indian supplier of pharmaceutical products to the US market."
Sun Pharma managing director Dilip Shanghvi said the combination with Ranbaxy in the US will result in pro-forma revenues of about $2.2 billion based on 12-months ended December 2013.
"The merged entity will become No.1 in the generic dermatology market and No 3 in the branded dermatology market," he added.
On the key challenges facing the company, Mr Shanghvi said as the company grows its international business, regulatory compliance, maintaining quality standards and retaining talent remain critical to the Sun Pharma's sustained performance.
"Pharmaceutical regulation is evolving rapidly around the world, both in the developed and developing countries. Regulatory agencies continue to raise quality standards, implying that companies will have to continuously improve quality systems and processes to remain complaint," he added.
Mr Shanghvi said that in May one of Sun Pharma's units executed a settlement agreement with Novartis regarding its patent challenge filing for a generic version of Gleevec, used for the treatment of chronic myeloid leukemia and has annual sales of about $2 billion in the US market.
"As per the settlement, Sun Pharma's subsidiary will be able to launch its generic version in the US market in February, 2016," he added.
Further, the company is in the process of gradually increasing the penetration of its DUSA's portfolio with US dermatologists. Sun had acquired DUSA Pharmaceuticals for $230 million in 2012.
Shares in Sun Pharma, on Monday, ended at Rs 834.20 on the BSE, up 3.36 per cent from the previous close.
Story first published on: September 29, 2014 22:50 (IST)

With Sena out of NDA  hectic poll campaign awaits PMNew Delhi, September 29, 2014
Updated: September 29, 2014 23:54 IST
Maharashtra Assembly polls
With Sena out of NDA, hectic poll campaign awaits PM
Varghese K George
regional elections
Anant Geete to quit Union Council soon after Prime Minister returns
Immediately after his return from the United States on October 1, Prime Minister Narendra Modi will review the Bharatiya Janata Party’s election preparations in Maharashtra and Haryana and devote a good part of the next 10 days for campaigning. “Almost every candidate in both the States wants Modiji to campaign,” said a BJP leader. “He will decide on the schedule after his return.”
BJP’s estranged partner Shiv Sena on Monday declared that its nominee Anant Geete would quit the Union Council of Ministers as soon as Mr. Modi returns. BJP’s in-charge of Maharashtra affairs Rajiv Pratap Rudy said the party had not demanded Mr. Geete’s resignation but after the alliance broke over seat-sharing, his quitting would be a ‘natural process.’
The election campaign in both States that go to the polls on October 15, ends on October 13. Mr. Modi will be busy with different programmes related to the launch of the sanitation campaign on October 2, leaving 10 days for the poll campaign. The BJP under Mr. Modi and president Amit Shah has taken a huge gamble by deciding to go it alone in both the States, where the party has never been in power alone, but expects a groundswell of support in its favour. BJP’s campaign in these States will be two-pronged.

Bad loan sales slump in July-Sept quarter of FY15Bad loan sales slump in July-Sept quarter of FY15
Abhijit Lele | Mumbai Sep 30, 2014 12:48 AM IST
After witnessing a surge in bad loans purchases in the April-June quarter, the pace of activity has nose-dived in the second quarter of the financial year, with asset reconstruction companies (ARCs) turning cautious and choosy in picking up assets.
According to top executives with ARCs, the sale of non-performing assets (NPAs) might be less than Rs 1,000 crore in July-September 2014 - a far cry from the Rs 10,000 crore that ARCs acquired in the previous two quarters.
Over the past 18 months, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) and the government have liberalised rules and regulations for ARCs to attract capital and increase flow of funds. The Centre also pushed public sector banks to trim their portfolio of stressed loans. These factors gave a boost to activity for a while.
It is hardly a supply issue, for banks have put a large number of accounts on the block. Rather, it is now a demand-side issue - the need to pick up assets by ARCs.
"It (Q2) is a wash-out quarter after heady growth in asset buying activity. Now, ARCs are not on a buying binge to stay ahead in the race," said the CEO of a large Mumbai-based ARC.
A combination of factors such as tightening of rules by the RBI and the constraints of limited capital for deals have made companies review their strategies before they decide to go for purchases.
The need to focus on what is on the plate - that is, NPAs bought earlier - has also made them temper the pace of acquisition, a public sector bank executive said.
Pushing for sweeping changes in the business of ARCs, RBI had in August tightened the norms to improve discipline, transparency in sale and purchase of bad loans and stress resolution.
For starters, ARCs will have to cough up more money upfront to buy non-performing loans from financial institutions. ARCs will have to pay upfront 15 per cent of bid value for assets, against five per cent paid before.
Those thinking of buying bad loans will get more time (at least two weeks) to carry out the due diligence before bidding for stressed assets. Till date, banks enjoyed complete discretion in deciding the time-frame for due diligence.
According to bankers and ARCs executives, a slew of modifications in directives will make ARCs think afresh on their business and capital-raising plans, and craft resolution strategies for recoveries.
Banks will have to think reasonably about fixing reserve prices.

Greenberg suit claims AIG was penalisedGreenberg suit claims AIG was penalised
By Gina Chon in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/06919786-47f4-11e4-b5ad-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

http://usat.ly/Zm7MbKFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Batman swoops in on latest USPS stamp
In honor of Batman's 75th anniversary the beloved superhero he will join the elite ranks of American pop-culture icons on USPS stamps.
Post to Facebook
Batman swoops in on latest USPS stamp In honor of Batman's 75th anniversary the beloved superhero he will join the elite ranks of American pop-culture icons on USPS stamps. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/YD7pIx
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
2
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Batman swoops in on latest USPS stamp
USA TODAY 1:45 p.m. EDT September 29, 2014
Batman stamps join the collection
(Photo: WBCP/DCE/USPS/DC Comics)
860 CONNECT 55 TWEET LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE
In honor of Batman's 75th, anniversary the beloved superhero will join the elite ranks of American pop-culture icons on USPS stamps.
This stamp features Batman with his fists clenched. This muscular, determined Caped Crusader has spent the Modern Age of Comics defending Gotham City from its most notorious villains.
(Photo: WBCP/DCE/USPS/DC Comics)
This stamp highlights Batman as first envisioned by creator Bob Kane during the Golden Age of Comics. The Super Hero's black cape and cowl, and gray suit formed his iconic visual identity.
(Photo: WBCP/DCE/USPS/DC Comics)
This shows Batman swooping into the frame with his cape flying behind him. The image, from the Silver Age of Comics, accentuates the Super Hero's signature glowing white eyes and utility belt.
(Photo: WBCP/DCE/USPS/DC Comics)
This stamp displays Batman dramatically staring up at the Bat emblem. By the Bronze Age of Comics, artists had encased the Super Hero's spare black Bat emblem with a yellow oval. The insignia became the crime fighter's trademark.
(Photo: WBCP/DCE/USPS/DC Comics)

Buy Colgate  Sell HUL Today: Sanjeev BhasinMarkets to Track Winter Session Action: Experts
Weakness across Asian markets could translate into a lower opening for the Nifty. The Reserve Bank's policy announcement should dictate the trend though there is a consensus that Governor Raghuram Rajan will hold rates. A 25 basis point cut in repo rate will be a positive surprise.
The sharp fall in the rupee on the back of weakness in emerging market currencies should see range-bound trade in a holiday truncated week.
Trading call with 3/4-day outlook:
1) Buy Colgate: 1655-1665, stop loss 1620, target 1765
2) Sell HUL: 745-750, stop loss 765, target 700
3) Close all previous trades as volatility would be high for next few days
4) Short strangle strategy on Bank Nifty for next week: Sell Bank Nifty 16000 call at 150-155, sell Bank Nifty 15000 put at 130-135 for total premium of 280-285. Look for reduction in volatility and buy around 120-125 as time series plays out.
Story first published on: September 30, 2014 08:31 (IST)

Barack Obama hosts dinner for Narendra Modi  Michelle gives it a missOct 01, 2014 at  03:42pm IST
Barack Obama hosts dinner for Narendra Modi, Michelle gives it a miss
95
0
Washington: President Barack Obama on Tuesday hosted a private dinner for Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the White House in Washington, ahead of their summit level talks. Modi was welcomed by Obama who greeted him in Gujarati, "Kem Chho?" (how are you?), the mother tongue of the Prime Minister.
Set in an informal ambiance, the dinner is the first opportunity for both the leaders to interact with each other. First Lady Michelle Obama, however, gave the dinner a miss.
Both the leaders were joined by 20 attendees at the dinner. The President was joined by Vice President Joe Biden, Secretary of State John Kerry and National Security Advisor Susan Rice among others.
Set in an informal ambiance, the dinner is the first opportunity for both the leaders to interact with each other.
#modi meets america #modi us visit #narendra modi #diplomatic initiatives
Modi was accompanied by External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj, National Security Advisor Ajit Doval and Indian Ambassador to the US, S Jaishankar among others.
As Obama hosted Modi for dinner, the local Indian-Americans celebrated the Modi-Obama meeting by organizing a cultural event and performing "Garbha" dance in front of the White House.
A small group of Kashmir separatists and Sikh separatists also held a protest outside the White House building, but they were far out numbered by the pro-Modi supporters.
There was an unprecedented level of security in and around the White House and Blair House, the official guest house of the US President, in view of the two recent security breaches.
The Pennsylvania Avenue was closed for most part in the evening and the pro-Modi group and anti-India protesters were pushed far behind when the motorcade crossed the avenue on its way to the White House.
Obama received Modi at the South Gate of the White House and the dinner was held in Blue Room of the President's official residence.
The Blue Room is used for receptions and receiving lines, and is occasionally set for small dinners.

Hang Seng lower amid HK protestsEuro tumbles on ECB easing speculation
Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4a74cd96-484f-11e4-ac9f-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Quartz Daily BriefEurope editionHong Kongs eerie quiet  Euro inflation  China clears iPhone  curry brain foodSeptember 30, 2014
What to watch for today
Greece remains on the hook. The country will meet with international creditors to discuss the terms of its public debt. Greece bond yields are on the rise after the government suggested that it may stop taking aid from the International Monetary Fund and avoid painful financial reforms.
Euro zone inflation numbers are due. The European Central Bank target rate is about 2% but analysts expect  only 0.3% , which means that ECB president Mario Draghi may have to take even more drastic measures to spur growth.
Afghanistan lets the Americans stay just a little bit longer. Newly sworn president Ashraf Ghani will sign a deal allowing about 10,000 US troops to remain into 2015 . On this, at least, Ghani and his bitter rival Abdullah Abdullah  agree.
Out with the new Windows, in with the old. Microsoft unveils a new version of its operating system , codenamed Threshold. It rolls back many of the disliked changes of the previous version, which  the world largely rejected , and aims to be  more enterprise-friendly .
Will Walgreens bounce back in the fourth quarter? The US pharmacy giant missed earnings expectations in the third quarter after Obamacare and other external factors weighed on its profit margins. Investors will be looking to see  if those problems have been dealt with .
While you were sleeping
Apple finally got the nod to sell its iPhone 6 in China. Regulators  approved the new smartphones for sale  after mysteriously withholding a crucial license for several weeks. But if  the price of gray-market iPhones is anything to go by , demand is not exactly sky-high.
Hong Kong’s streets are eerily quiet. Pro-democracy protests have turned the center of the city into a car-free zone, without any significant confrontations between demonstrators and police overnight. The size of the crowd is smaller this morning, but is expected to swell again in the evening, ahead of tomorrow’s National Day holiday celebrating the founding of China. Follow the action here .
Turkey deployed tanks to counter the Islamic State. Shells fired by the extremist group landed inside Turkey , killing two soldiers and wounding five others. President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has acknowledged that Turkey “can’t stay out” of the US-led campaign against IS.
Manufacturing in China stagnated. The HSBC / Markit purchasing managers’ index, which measures small- and medium-sized businesses, was flat at  50.2 in September , just barely above the the 50 point that divides expansion from contraction. The government has made various attempts, largely unsuccessfully, to jump-start the economy.
The SoftBank-DreamWorks Animation deal might not happen after all. Talks between the Japanese mobile carrier and Hollywood studio have “cooled,”  according to The Wall Street Journal  (paywall), sending the latter’s stock down as much 8% in after-hours trading. Rumors of the deal only began swirling on Saturday .
Argentina got slapped down again. The US judge who ruled against the country in its dispute with foreign bondholders declared it in contempt of court  (paywall) for trying to circumvent his ruling. He hasn’t set a punishment yet, though it will probably be small compared with the country’s outstanding debts.
Quartz obsession interlude
Gwynn Guilford on why China should leave Hong Kong alone. “Since Hong Kong is the global center for yuan trading, it is also a portal through which huge sums of liquidity flow, through both real and fake trade financing. China’s leaders don’t seem to actually understand how dependent their country’s financial system is on these ever-rising tides of liquidity coming in via Hong Kong. And they may not realize how easily a liquidity crisis could occur if, God forbid, they do decide to call in the tanks.” Read more here .
Matters of debate
The US needs marijuana bars. They would offer public gathering spaces without the social dangers associated with drinking alcohol.
Farm-t0-table dining is broken. Consumers aren’t asking enough of small growers, says one of the movement’s most respected voices .
Chinese tourists are the best. They love to buy expensive gifts, and it’s expected that 166 million of them will spend $155 billion  outside the mainland this year.
It’s Reagan’s fault that the NSA is spying on everyone. He let the government  snoop on any US company that has “some relationship” with foreigners.
Hamas = Islamic State = Iran = the Nazis. The world according to Israeli prime minister Binyamin Netanyahu .
Surprising discoveries
The White House has had some shocking security breaches. Like the time a soldier landed a stolen helicopter on the lawn .
Kurdish troops are building tanks out of spare parts. They look like something straight out of Mad Max .
There’s a new world record for the marathon. Kenyan Dennis Kimetto’s time of 2:02:57 broke the previous mark by 26 seconds.
Curry might be good for your brain. A chemical in turmeric helped rats produce restorative neural stem cells .
It costs $2 billion a year to send drinking water to the International Space Station. And you thought Evian was expensive .
Click here for  more surprising discoveries  on Quartz.
Our best wishes for a productive day. Please send any news, comments, artisanal armored vehicles, and favorite curry recipes to hi@qz.com . You can follow us on Twitter here for updates throughout the day.
Sign up for the Quartz Daily Brief  here , tailored for morning delivery in Asia, Europe & Africa, and the Americas.
Share this:

No outside arbitration in Sino-India border ...Arunachal Pradesh
(His remarks came in the backdrop…)
NEW YORK: Prime Minister Narendra Modi today rejected any need for outside arbitration to resolve the vexed issue of India's boundary dispute with China, saying the two countries are competent to find a solution through talks.
"India and China are capable of resolving issues through talks. There is no need for any arbitration," Modi said at the Council on Foreign Relations here in response to a question.
Asked if India would accept outside arbitration or adjudication to resolve the Sino-India border issue, the Prime Minister said, "there was no need for it as the two countries are talking to each other directly."
Modi said India wants to build friendly relations with all its neighbours.
His remarks came in the backdrop of a recent standoff in Ladakh region, where Chinese Army had made a fresh incursion.
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj last week said that withdrawal of Chinese troops from the area will be completed by September 30.
India asserts that the border dispute covered about 4,000 km, while China claims that it confined to about 2,000 km to the area of Arunachal Pradesh , which it refers as Southern Tibet .
After 17 rounds of talks, India and China have moved forward to resolve the vexed issue.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Five Indian-Americans in Forbes list of US  richest52
0
New York: Five Indian-Americans have been named among the 400 richest people in the US by Forbes, a list topped by Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates for the 21st year in a row with a net worth of $81 billion.
Founder of outsourcing firm Syntel Bharat Desai, entrepreneur John Kapoor, Symphony Technology founder Romesh Wadhwani, Silicon Valley angel investor Kavitark Ram Shriram and venture capitalist Vinod Khosla are among 'The Richest People In America 2014' list by Forbes.
Forbes said 2014 was another record year for American wealth, when the aggregate net worth of the richest 400 Americans was $2.29 trillion, up $270 billion from a year ago.
Five Indian-Americans have been named among the 400 richest people in the US by Forbes, a list topped by Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates.
#forbes #us richest #microsoft #bill gates
"Thanks to a buoyant stock market, the richest people in the US just keep getting richer," Forbes said.
Gates is the richest American for the 21st year in a row, with a net worth of US 81 billion. The Microsoft chairman's stake in the software company he cofounded accounts for just under 20 per cent of his total net worth. His friend Warren Buffett, chief executive of Berkshire Hathaway, occupies the number two spot on the 400, a rank he has held since 2001 with a net worth of $67 billion.
Larry Ellison, who just announced that he was giving up the CEO role at Oracle, the software firm he founded, comes in at number three, with a net worth of 50 billion dollars. Desai and his family rank 255 on the list, followed by Kapoor who is ranked 261, Wadhwani (264), Shriram (350) and Khosla (381).
Facebook co-founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg is now the 11th richest person in the US, and the biggest dollar gainer on the list. His fortune soared to $34 billion, up $15 billion since last year, due to a sharp rise in the price of the social network's shares.
Desai, 61, and wife Neerja Sethi founded outsourcing firm Syntel in 1980 while studying at University of Michigan. The Indian Institute of Technology alumnus has a networth of $2.5 billion.
Kapoor, 71, debuts on The Forbes 400 as a serial entrepreneur who has founded two pharmaceutical companies that he has guided to exceptional success.
The bulk of his wealth is concentrated in shares of Akorn Pharmaceuticals, an Illinois-based generics manufacturer that Kapoor has been involved with since the early 1990s, and INSYS Therapeutics, a cancer-treatment maker that went public in May 2013.
Kapoor, whose net worth is $2.5 billion, also has a small chain of fast-casual Indian restaurants in Arizona called Bombay Spice, as well as Roka Akor Japanese eateries in Chicago, Scottsdale and San Francisco.
Wadhwani, 67, an Indian Institute of Technology Bombay alumnus has a net worth of $2.5 billion. Forbes said over the last decade, his galaxy of companies has expanded to 20 and is generating three billion dollars in revenues with 18,000 employees worldwide.
He is the recipient of the 2013 Forbes India 'Non-Resident Philanthropist Award' and sits on the boards of the Kennedy Center and the Center for Strategic and International Studies. Wadhwani signed Bill Gates' and Warren Buffett's Giving Pledge last year.
Shriram, 57, has a net worth of $1.87 billion. He was an early Google backer and has been a Silicon Valley angel investor since 2000. Through his Sherpalo Ventures, he has backed early-stage tech firms such as Zazzle and Paperless Post, as well as the frozen yogurt retailer Pinkberry.
Shriram made most of his fortune through Google and has been on its board since the company was founded in 1998. In June 2014, Shriram and his wife donated $61 million to engineering initiatives at Stanford University, which both of his daughters attended and where he is a board trustee.
Khosla, 59, has a net worth of $1.67 Billion and has run his own venture capital firm, Khosla Ventures, since 2004, following nearly two decades at VC firm Kleiner Perkins. His highest-profile investments have lately been in clean tech: wood-based biofuel, new types of batteries and water purification.
All together, the 400 wealthiest Americans are worth a staggering $2.29 trillion, up $270 billion from a year ago.
The average net worth of list members is $5.7 billion, $700 million more than last year and a record high. An impressive 303 of the 400 saw the value of their fortunes rise compared to a year ago. Only 36 people from last year's list had lower net worths this year.
The list has 27 newcomers including Elizabeth Holmes the youngest woman on the list, and the youngest self-made female billionaire in the world.  Just 30 years old, the Stanford University dropout has built blood testing company Theranos into a firm that venture capitalists have valued at $9 billion.
6

Obama  Modi vow to boost strategic tiesObama, Modi vow to boost strategic ties
Reuters | Washington Sep 30, 2014 09:50 AM IST
US President Barack Obama and Prime Minister Narendra Modi vowed on Monday to expand and deepen their countries' strategic partnership and make it a model for the rest of the world.
 
In a joint "vision statement" - 'Chalein Saath Saath: Forward Together We Go' - issued after their first meeting at a White House dinner, the two leaders said they would work together "not just for the benefit of both our nations, but for the benefit of the world."
 
They said their countries would cooperate in security and fight terrorism and back a "rules based" global order in which India assumes greater multilateral responsibility, including a reformed UN Security Council.
 
They also vowed to work together against the threat posed by climate change and to cooperate to address the consequences of unchecked pollution.
 
"We have a vision that the United States and India will have a transformative relationship as trusted partners in the 21st century. Our partnership will be a model for the rest of the world," the "vision statement" said.
 
The two leaders also said the two countries would work to ensure that economic growth brought better livelihoods for all people and stressed the importance of open markets and fair and transparent practices to allow trade to flourish.
 
The United States has been keen to expand business and security ties with India, which is sees as a key counterbalance to an increasingly assertive China in Asia. Obama has backed Delhi's bid to become a permanent member of the UN Security Council.
 
However, so far the relationship has failed to live up to his declaration in 2010 that it would become "one of the defining partnerships of the 21st Century."
 
Modi, who came to power in May, has received a warm welcome in the United States, even though he was denied a visa in 2005 over rioting in his home state three years earlier killed more than 1,000 people, mainly Muslims. Modi, denies any wrongdoing and has been exonerated by an Indian Supreme Court probe.
 
Modi has maintained a frantic schedule during his visit, which began on Friday, even though he is fasting in accordance with Hindu custom and drank only warm water at the White House dinner.
 
As part of an effort to spur foreign investment, he met more than a dozen US corporate leaders earlier on Monday and told them he was committed to liberalizing India's economy, which has underperformed other emerging markets recently after years of breakneck growth.
 
On Saturday, Modi addressed the UN General Assembly and then appeared before some 60,000 people at a musical event in New York's Central Park aimed at ending global poverty and bringing essentials such as sanitation to all.
 
On Sunday, he received a rapturous welcome from a big crowd of Indian-Americans in an appearance in New York's Madison Square Garden arena.
 

Obama hosts dinner for PM Modi ahead of Summit talksPriyanka Tikoo and Lalit K Jha     Washington   Last Updated: September 30, 2014  | 11:42 IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi (Photo: AP)
Ahead of their Summit talks, US President Barack Obama on Monday night hosted a private dinner for Prime Minister Narendra Modi as the two leaders sought to reinvigorate bilateral ties.
Modi, who arrived in Washington late Monday afternoon at the Andrew Airforce Base, was received by Deputy Secretary of State William Burns and other senior officials. From there, Modi left for the Blair house, the guest house of the US President where he will be staying during his Washington trip.
FULL COVERAGE: PM Narendra Modi in US
Later, the Prime Minister drove to the White House from the Blair guest house for the dinner. Kem Cho, asked Obama when he welcomed Modi, who replied, Thank you very much, President.
The dinner, with limited guests from each side in the Blue Room of the White House might have a delectable spread of dishes, but the main guest only had warm water as he was observing Navratri fasts.
However, First Lady Michelle Obama did not attend the dinner as she was travelling.
The Prime Minister did not have anything except for warm water, External Affairs Ministry Spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said.
However, the Prime Minister said he had a wonderful meeting with Obama during which they talked about a wide range of issues.
"Obama & I share a vision for a partnership in which our nations work together for the benefit of the entire humankind," Modi tweeted.
On the issues of discussion during the 90-minute dinner meeting, Akbaruddin said discussions were largely on knowing each other and sharing the initial experiences after they took over. They shared anecdotes to connect with each other, he said while describing the dinner meeting as a very successful interaction.
They did not get to discuss any of the substantive issues. This was a very cordial and comforting conversation where each of them were trying to understand others perspective and they did not get into very substantive discussion which will follow on Tuesday, the spokesperson added.
They agreed to take up more substantive issues on Tuesday - both in restrictive format and in delegation level talks - but in general the thinking was that there was a lot of goodwill between India and the US for each other, he said.
There was a feeling that they should try and focus on some big things that they can achieve in a finite time period in the next few years, the Spokesperson said. There was also a feeling that the India-US relationship was among the most important relationships in the world today. And therefore, it was incumbent upon both of them to work towards strengthening and deepening this relationship, he said.
The Prime Minister was asked to outline his vision of what were the issues he faced so far and how he was working on it, the Spokesperson said. Remarkably some of those things Modi mentioned seemed to have resonance with the US President, because he said he had similar concerns when he came to power.
Giving examples of how the two leaders connected, he said Modi told the US President that when he came to Delhi he found that the technological infrastructure in the national capital was not even as good as Gujarat to which Obama said he had a similar experience.
They both talked about their focus areas of technology and e-governance.
The two leaders have jointly written an editorial in a US newspaper which would be published on Tuesday. Modi also laid out, in great detail, his hopes and aspirations in terms of what was his development vision and how the United States could help in achieving that.
There was general understanding that the two governments can work not only in terms of bilateral relations but elsewhere in the world, Akbaruddin said, adding in this context they talked about Ebola disease and Afghanistan.
These were the two issues that were broadly flagged, he said. "Basically, today's meeting had three major components - connecting with each other, vision for the ties and cooperation in various areas," the spokesperson added.

NPAs won t rise from current level: L&T Finance HoldingsIt will be difficult to find solutions to pure mining blocks
N Sivaraman
President
L&T Fin Holdings
In an interview to CNBC-TV18 N Sivaraman President & Wholetime Director  L&T Finance Holdings spoke about the latest happenings in the company and the way ahead.
The company is confident that its non performing assets (NPAs) are unlikely to increase from the current level. However, it may take another two-three quarters to reduce it.
L&T Finance Holdings has some exposure to the power generating companies, but has no exposure to the steel sector, Sivaraman adds. The company aims to maintain 15-20 percent margins in the retail book. "Our retail NIMs have been improving and that will help us to move towards targeted ROEs," he says. 
Below is the verbatim transcript of N Sivaraman's interview with CNBC-TV18’s Anuj Singhal & Reema Tendulkar
Reema: Can you walk us through your expectations from the policy today?
A: Yes I would guess that. I would be very cautious about my expectations out of the policy in terms of actual monetary action. Maybe there could be a token step of 25 bps cut in the rates to some extent or some kind of relaxation on the liquidity side. On the liquidity side we have seen far more comfort and stability. There have been times when the reverse repo has been fairly larger than the repo side so generally the liquidity situation seems to be alright in the system, so in that context I don’t see any significant monetary action.
But what we could perhaps get to see is the kinds of guidance in the next 2 quarters, what could potentially be expected. We have seen oil prices drop even below the 97 levels yesterday. So I am saying that the overall inflation expectation could turn out to be far more benign. The diesel price, the oil companies seem to be earring a margin rather than subsidising. All of this should contribute a fairly dovish and positive outlook towards the future credit policy is what my feeling is at the moment.
Reema: We have had a lot of bankers talk raising concerns about the SC verdict on coal block de-allocation, how do you see asset quality evolving? Will the coal deallocation worsen things for you and for the industry?
A: I think till the coal quality issue was coming through. Our outlook was generally that the asset quality situation should become better and better, while we may not see a reduction in the NPA itself, but any new addition to NPAs have been coming down. We have also seen some improvement in general overdue situation, no further deterioration and some marginal improvements also have been seen. So our outlook was that in the nest two quarters, we should start seeing some resolutions and improvement in the overall situation. But definitely the coal decision by the SC is kind of putting us back in terms of our outlook.
It puts the entire system into a kind of watch and what else to do now to be able to improve or rather get the situation around, but I would guess that since it is such a global and universal issue both from a developer perspective and also from a banks point of view. I am sure the government has some game plan. Even when the last announcement was heard the illegality of the allocation was announced by the SC, the government did say that may be we will have to look at auction road. But we will make sure that the operational projects and projects on which commercial commitments have been made will not be impacted in a very negative manner. There will be some delays and issues may be additional costs, but I don’t see a real reversal back or the power plants being left stranded for fuel supply.
Anuj: Do you have any exposure to the affected companies and how much?
A: It was very difficult to be out of that situation. But our comfort is that if the government does provide the alternative coal linkages and even if they have to import some coal by merchant coal, it will still be okay as far as the lenders are concerned is our outlook. Where there are some mining related projects that could be some issues in terms of how to find solutions for that. But broadly so long as these projects supply coal into the power plants maybe some restructuring will have to be done in terms of the contract, the contract the way it is being done. So I think it itself is such a global issue, just that it is too big to fail, I think there will be some action taken by the government.
L&T Finance stock price
On November 21, 2014, L&T Finance Holdings closed at Rs 72.35, up Rs 0.00, or 0.00 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 88.35 and the 52-week low was Rs 62.30.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 0.27 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 267.96. The latest book value of the company is Rs 20.52 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 3.53.

Obama  Modi vow to boost strategic ties  create model for worldSave precious time tracking your investments
WASHINGTON: US President Barack Obama and Prime Minister Narendra Modi vowed on Monday to expand and deepen their countries' strategic partnership and make it a model for the rest of the world.
In a joint "vision statement" issued after their first meeting at a White House dinner, the two leaders said they would work together "not just for the benefit of both our nations, but for the benefit of the world."
They said their countries would cooperate in security and fight terrorism and back a "rules based" global order in which India assumes greater multilateral responsibility, including a reformed UN Security Council.
They also vowed to work together against the threat posed by climate change and to cooperate to address the consequences of unchecked pollution.
"We have a vision that the United States and India will have a transformative relationship as trusted partners in the 21st century. Our partnership will be a model for the rest of the world," the "vision statement" said.
The two leaders also said the two countries would work to ensure that economic growth brought better livelihoods for all people and stressed the importance of open markets and fair and transparent practices to allow trade to flourish.
With President @BarackObama . We had a wonderful meeting and talked about a wide range of issues. pic.twitter.com/MRDjEjujCn
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) September 30, 2014
The United States has been keen to expand business and security ties with India, which is sees as a key counterbalance to an increasingly assertive China in Asia. Obama has backed Delhi's bid to become a permanent member of the U.N. Security Council.
However, so far the relationship has failed to live up to his declaration in 2010 that it would become "one of the defining partnerships of the 21st Century."
Modi has maintained a frantic schedule during his visit, which began on Friday, even though he is fasting in accordance with Hindu custom and drank only warm water at the White House dinner.
As part of an effort to spur foreign investment, he met more than a dozen U.S. corporate leaders earlier on Monday and told them he was committed to liberalizing India's economy, which has underperformed other emerging markets recently after years of breakneck growth.
On Saturday, Modi addressed the U.N. General Assembly and then appeared before some 60,000 people at a musical event in New York's Central Park aimed at ending global poverty and bringing essentials such as sanitation to all.
On Sunday, he received a rapturous welcome from a big crowd of Indian-Americans in an appearance in New York's Madison Square Garden arena.
He will hold further talks with Obama and his administration on Tuesday.

Shiv Sena under Uddhav Thackeray turning into a father-son partyBJP
(They did not want to acknowledge…)
MUMBAI: Moments after BJP state president Devendra Fadnavis called off the quarter century long saffron alliance with Shiv Sena last week, as if to distill his party's view of its former ally, one BJP national vice president told ET, "Uddhav's sense of the Sena's (electoral) strength comes not from ground level assessment, but from his kitchen."
Having been privy to the details of negotiations, the senior party functionary considered close to the RSS, complained that the Sena could not accept the fact that "we wanted to fight on our own terms; it (Sena) made it into an ego issue. They did not want to acknowledge that Uddhav does not have the same aura and mass appeal as Balasaaheb, and thus new terms for an alliance were needed".
That the Shiv Sena, which still rails against the Gandhi dynasty's "domination", has itself transformed into a Thackeray family-run enterprise has been noted widely over the past decade, which saw Uddhav installed as the 'Working President', a new outfit 'Yuva Sena' launched for his son Aditya, and Uddhav's wife Rashmi allegedly emerged as a behind-thescenes influencer of major decisions.
However, with the rise in its fortunes after the Lok Sabha elections, saffron ally BJP's impatience with the official inheritors of Balasaaheb's legacy has forced a multi-cornered election and, thereby, reordering of conventional political equations in Maharashtra. More crucially, this has forced the Sena to gear up for a 'do-or-die' election.
As the BJP national office bearer quoted earlier claimed, "Major decisions were, it appears, being taken in Uddhav's home. In his conversations with Devendra, Uddhav indicated that this is a 'do-or-die' election for the Sena, lest the BJP overtakes it in numbers and renders it politically less relevant.
As it is, in the last election, we had better numbers from the Sena in the assembly. Ditto for the Lok Sabha polls where we got better leads in assembly seats as well as sent more MPs to Parliament from Maharashtra."
Responding to the BJP's assertion with an uncharacteristic aggression, Uddhav has for the first time pitched himself for the CM post, which Fadnavis officially cited as one of the reasons for the split, and fielded candidates in almost all constituencies of the state for the first time in the Sena's history. "We will show you (BJP) what a wave is," he warned in his first speech, following the split, on Saturday.
A little less dramatically, but with obvious acknowledgment of the challenging task at hand, son Aditya tweeted soon after Fadnavis' announcement, "For us bigger the challenge, more the effort and victory!" Yet, a combination of adverse factors, particularly its own limitations, could mean that come polling day, the Thackeray enterprise could find it excruciatingly difficult to match its performance with adversaries, primarily among them its own ex-allies, while chasing its much talked about 'Mission 150'.
As analysts have pointed out recently that Sena has never won more than 73 seats in the state assembly despite the presence of Balasaaheb and, that too, after consistently contesting more than 160 seats for 25 years. With 2014 being the first assembly election fought in the absence of the Sena founder, and his entire experienced second rung leadership including Manohar Joshi , Leeladhar Dake (both of whom refused to be interviewed for this story, apparently cautious of the 'consequences') which played an advisory role sidelined, the Thackeray family's mettle and the extent of electoral benefits to be derived from the founder's legacy will now be tested.
That Uddhav's 'core team' appears to be without as much experience and the party has seen insubstantial growth in rural Maharashtra, beyond its strongholds, could make the journey towards the magic figure of 145 arduous, if not impossible.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jayalalithaa s bail hearing adjourned to Oct 6EYE BROWSE
Jayalalithaa's bail hearing adjourned to Oct 6
The AIADMK chief had moved Karnataka High Court challenging her conviction in an 18-year-old disproportionate assets case, and sought her immediate release on bail.
Yahoo India –  Tue 30 Sep, 2014
CHENNAI: The Karnataka High Court on Tuesday adjourned All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (AIADMK) leader Jayalalithaa's bail plea hearing to October 6.
The court adjourned the matter to Monday as there was no representation on the respondent's side.
Special Public Prosecutor Bhavani Singh told the court that he did not receive any official communication from the state government on his appointment as a prosecutor for the appeal, The Hindu's report added.
Singh was also the special public prosecutor at the Special Court.
The AIADMK chief on Monday had moved Karnataka High Court challenging her conviction in an 18-year-old disproportionate assets case, and sought her immediate release on bail.
Earlier on Saturday, Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa was sentenced to serve four years in jail and asked to pay a fine Rs.100 crores in connection with a disproportionate assets case by a Bangalore Special Court.
The verdict resulted in violent protests by the AIADMK cadres leading to stone pelting and self immolation attempts to express their outrage against the verdict.
Jayalalithaa was declared guilty of amassing wealth disproportionate to known sources of her income under Sections 109 and 120 (b) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and 13 of the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988.
Her three other co-accused-one time close aide Sasikala Natarajan, her niece Ilavarasi and her nephew and disowned foster son Sudhakaran were asked to pay fines of Rs.10 crores each and sentenced to serve jail terms of six months each.
The verdict was delivered at a makeshift court in the Parappana Agrahara prison complex in the presence of Jayalalithaa and the other accused.
However, terming the verdict as a 'perfectly correct' judgment, Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader Subramanian Swamy had said yesterday that although Jayalalithaa can appeal against the verdict in the higher courts, she will not succeed, because the higher courts will uphold this judgment.
"Let her appeal, it is allowed in the Constitution, all crooks do it, but she is not going to succeed. The court has given a perfectly correct judgment, and I think that all the higher level courts like the high court and the Supreme Court will uphold this judgment," Swamy had said. (With inputs from agencies)
Recommend

DA case: Jayalalithaa to stay in Bangalore jail as HC adjourns bail hearing till September 6more »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Yamaha plans 10 technical schools to train youthsHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Yamaha plans 10 technical schools to train youths
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mangalore, Sept 30:  
Yamaha Motor India Sales Pvt Ltd, in association with technical institutes and non-governmental organisations, will set up a total of 10 Yamaha Technical Schools by the end of December.
Ravider Singh, vice-president (strategy and planning), Yamaha Motor India Sales Pvt Ltd, said this on the sidelines of the inauguration of Yamaha Technical School at St Joseph’s Technical Institute in Mangalore on Tuesday.
Speaking to presspersons on the sidelines of the event, Singh said that Yamaha Technical School in Mangalore is the first one in southern zone and sixth in India.
Talks are in final stages for establishing Yamaha Technical Schools in Chennai, Kochi, Lucknow and Bhubhaneshwar. He hoped that these four schools will be set up by December.
Stating that there is no organised two-wheeler training institute in the country, he said the training in this centre to enable students to become two-wheeler technicians.
Experts from Yamaha Motor India Sales Pvt Ltd will conduct training programme for students in such schools. They will undergo one-year training at the training institute, he said.
Singh said that Yamaha signed an agreement with St Joseph’s Technical Institute in May to set a Yamaha Technical School in Mangalore. This school will help deserving students to find employment in the automobile sector.
“We foresee recruitment opportunities for them in our own dealerships as this will help our dealers in getting trained manpower for their business,” he said.
Kimura Hiroshi, Director (Marketing), Yamaha Motor India Sales Pvt Ltd, inaugurated the training school on the occasion.
(This article was published on September 30, 2014)
Related

Tata Starbucks opens 58th storeHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Tata Starbucks has over 50 cities on radar for expansion
V Rishi Kumar
Avani Davda , CEO of Tata Starbucks Ltd, at the opening of the Starbucks Experience in Hyderabad on Tuesday. She is displaying the unique Coffee Experience offer for Deepavali . -- P. V. Sivakumar
Hyderabad, Sept.30:  
Tata Starbucks Ltd continues to expand its presence by setting up its 58{+t}{+h} store in the country in Hyderabad, while scouting for more opportunities.
The 50:50 venture between the Nasdaq-listed Starbucks Coffee Company and Tata Beverages, the coffee store chain operates across six cities in the country.
Avani Davda, Chief Executive Officer, Tata Starbucks, said: “In less than two years of the brand launch in India, we have developed a chain of stores across the country in six cities. But we have more than 50 cities in our radar where we can potentially open our stores.”
The opening up of the store here is part of the long-term strategy to strengthen the company’s presence in the country and provide Starbucks experience to the neighbourhood.
“We look forward to offering customers our distinctive Third Place — that place between home and work where they can enjoy arabica coffee, handcrafted Starbucks beverages and locally-relevant food. While bringing the iconic global experience and passion, we respect the local palette and tastes offering Indian consumer a premium experience,” she said.
The chain has introduced a loyalty programme for its customers and has over 40,000 members. For the company, the opening of the flagship store in Hyderabad is consistent with the long-term growth strategy to strengthen the company’s presence in South India. The stores are designed to reflect Starbucks coffee heritage and provide customers personalised coffee.
Globally, Starbucks has more than 17,000 stores.
(This article was published on September 30, 2014)
Related

Wine bacteria may boost healthE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Want to reduce undue volatility in rupee: RajanI want to reduce undue volatility in rupee: Raghuram Rajan
By Reuters | 30 Sep, 2014, 12.23PM IST
0
Share More
He added such a policy would mean that the central would typically intervene on both sides of the exchange rate.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: The Reserve Bank of India is not focussed on any particular level of exchange rate, but wants to reduce undue volatility, Governor Raghuram Rajan said after the policy review on Tuesday.
He added such a policy would mean that the central would typically intervene on both sides of the exchange rate.
The rupee has risen in recent months and in the process has maintained its parity with the dollar seen at the beginning of the year, Rajan told reporters in Mumbai.
The rupee has gained 1.89 percent against the dollar in the month to date and 2.93 percent in the past six months, as per Thomson Reuters data.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Govt to allow foreign-funded Indian firms to sell goods onlineFabindia
(The company procures 98%…)
NEW DELHI: The government is likely to allow foreign-funded Indian firms to sell goods online if they make more than three-fourths of their product range themselves at home as part of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's wider push to promote manufacturing, and to boost homegrown brands such as Fabindia.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had said in his July 10 budget that manufacturers will be allowed to sell goods online even if they have foreign investment provided they manufacture locally. The existing foreign investment policy does not allow any foreign direct investment (FDI) in ecommerce. It also does not define 'manufacturing'.
Fabindia, which makes 80% of the merchandise it sells on its own but is registered as a single-brand retailer, has written to the Department of Industrial Policy & Promotion (DIPP) asking to be treated as a manufacturer. This would enable the Indian-owned and controlled garment, fabric and furnishings company to take advantage of the proposal in the Union Budget and also freely access foreign funds for expansion.
Govt shouldn't be rigid: Experts
Fabindia couldn't be immediately reached for comment.
"We are trying to find some solution to that and help an Indian brand grow big. Those manufacturing in India should be allowed to sell online. We will need to tweak the policy suitably," said a DIPP official who didn't want to be named.
Just before leaving for the US, the prime minister had on September 25 kicked off the 'Make in India' campaign in the presence of CEOs and industry captains, promising a transparent and secure environment to do business in the country as part of a strategy to boost domestic manufacturing, create more jobs and thus add to the growth impetus. Fabindia is 60% owned by Indian shareholders while JLB Canton holds a 23% stake and WCP Mauritius has 16%. The company procures 98% of the products it sells from India, of which 80% come from its own manufacturing units and the rest from small and medium enterprises.
It sells some goods through ecommerce using permission obtained in the early 1990s."It is an Indian brand, producing in India. But they are also sourcing from other places... organic teas and all. It is not allowed under the existing policy. But we are determined to sort it out," said the official cited above.The government is not keen on opening up ecommerce to FDI as it sees this as a backdoor entry for overseas investment in multibrand retail, something the ruling BJP opposed in its election manifesto.
Still, the government hasn't indicated any rollback of the previous administration's decision to allow 51% FDI in the sector and a BJP member suggested there may be a review of the stance. The government shouldn't be rigid about the manufacturing norm, an expert said.
"There's hardly any company that manufactures everything on its own. Some items are sourced from third parties locally and some are imported. The government should take cues from RBI's definition of erstwhile export-oriented units which said that if 60% of the goods were exported, it would qualify as an EOU," said a chartered accountant asking not to be named.
Jaitley had announced in the budget that manufacturing units would be allowed to sell products through retail channels, including ecommerce platforms, without any additional approvals. India allows 100% foreign investment in manufacturing.Though the government has not issued a notification based on the budget announcement, officials said a 'manufacturing' firm by definition makes all products on its own locally. But they said there is scope for relaxation on that front as well.
"We are still working on the notification. But 100% manufacturing condition is a bit too stringent. So for at least the Indian brands with foreign funding, we may keep the threshold lower at, say, 74%. We are yet to take a final decision," said the official cited above.The previous UPA government had allowed 100% FDI in single-brand retail but with conditions related to 30% domestic sourcing and the introduction of new product lines.
Fabindia wants to be classified as a manufacturer instead of a single-brand retailer to carry out business-to-consumer ecommerce, introduce new products without separate government approval, get foreign investment from private equity funds, etc.
FEATURED ARTICLES

State-run banks to soon raise funds from marketsState-run banks to soon raise funds from markets
China grants license for iPhone 6 sales after weeks of delayE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Toshiba Satellite P50t 4K laptop review: The world inUHDToshiba has launched the world's first Ultra HD 4K laptop in the Indian market. But for regular users, there is no need to hurry and pay a premium for the first 4K device.
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | New Delhi | Posted: September 30, 2014 1:11 pm
The world has moved on from Full HD and is surely moving towards 4K. But 4K is still very expensive and out of reach of the average user. But things seem to be changing on the ground. Even as 4K televisions become cheaper, Toshiba has launched the world’s first Ultra HD 4K laptop in the Indian market. I lived a few weeks with the Toshiba Satellite P50t.
Price: Rs. 86000
Design
The Satellite P50t is a large laptop with a 15.6-inch multi-touch screen. It has a brushed aluminium body with a grille above the keyboard that houses the harmann/kardon speakers. The keyboard is full size, may be a bit bigger than that and a lot of people will relish this extra space in the age of micro-mini laptops and tablets. The keyboard is also backlit and is a pleasure to use as it senses when you want to type. The keys also have the right amount of travel and is ideal for those who have to write a lot. There is a separate number pad on the right and having used an Ultrabook for a couple of years I kept looking there for the Delete and arrow keys.
The P50t is not lightweight in any sense of the term and weighs well over 2 kilograms. So you would be using this more as a desktop replacement than a carry-in-your-backpack device. It comes with an optical drive which is becoming a rarity these days. The are four USB ports, an HDMI port and so that you are short options when you are creating new content.
Display
And this screen is the hero of this device, after all it has a 3840x2160p resolution screen. Now that is almost four times the screen resolution of the Full HD screens that are the vogue these days. And the screen is stunning. Play some 4K video, if you are lucky enough to get hold of some, and you will see what we are talking about. I have always felt that 4K was actually a bit better that what your real life vision is, and this laptop only reinforces that view.
Performance
The Intel Core i7-4710HQ processor clocked at 2.50GHz means this laptop can munch through any work at ease. Let’s take 4K content for instance. Processing these files are among the toughest things a personal computer would have to face these days. And being the only laptop with a 4K screen, we can see a lot of content producers buying this device to start working on the new videos they would be assigned. We tested the laptop with some 4K content shot with the new Xperia Z3 phone and it played and processed these files without breaking into a sweat. However, the laptop can heat up a bit when you are working on heavy files and you can feel it near the fan on the right. But that is expected with any device trying its hand at 4K.
Verdict
If you are one of these who has access to 4K content and will need to work on these files, you should not think twice before buying this laptop. But for the regular user, there is no need to hurry and pay a premium for the first 4K device. You can wait for the content creators to churn out some 4K videos you can watch on laptops. By then these laptops would have shed much of its price and weight.

Is the fear of missing out driving InternetuseAccording to the Connected World II survey released by Tata Communications 43% of Indians were ready to give up television for an Internet connection.
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | New Delhi | Posted: September 30, 2014 12:53 pm
Internet users around the world are experiencing the Fear of Missing Out (FOMO) when they are not connected to the Internet, according to the Connected World II survey released by Tata Communications on Tuesday.
About 64% of respondents admit to FOMO globally, while the number was a high 80% among Asian respondents. Significantly, while 46% of Indian respondents spend more than six hours a day on the Internet, only 44% of them were capable of lasting up to 12 hours without web access. “Their European and US counterparts can go much longer without getting online, with 86% of Germans, 77% of French, 75% of U.S. and 70% of UK respondents managing up to 12 hours without internet access,” the report said.
The survey recorded responses of more than 9,400 people across six countries: France, Germany, India, Singapore, the U.S. and the UK, and offers insights into people’s behavioural associations, technical
understanding and emotional connections to the Internet.
The study showed that Indian men spend more time on the Internet than surveyed Indian women, but the latter felt more anxious or lost when not connected to the Internet.
The study reveals that 48% of surveyed Indians have a realistic view of the Internet reaching its full capacity limitations, compared to Germany (26%), UK (30%), US (28%), France (43%) or Singapore (38%) respondents. Indian respondents understand that a lot of information resides in the ‘cloud’ with 69% aware that the ‘cloud’ resides in data centres. While 61% of Indian respondents believe that ‘everyone owns the Internet’, compared to 70% globally with 21% rightly pointing out that each individual country owns their internet when compared to 16% globally.
Interestingly, 43% of Indians were ready to give up television for an Internet connection. Globally, 28% of the respondents were willing to give up alcohol for an Internet connection.

RBI keeps key rates unchanged in policy review | 5 takewaysRBI keeps key rates unchanged in monetary policy review
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 30, 2014, 11.03AM IST
Tags:
Raghuram Rajan
(Although Rajan's stance…)
NEW DELHI: In line with market expectations, Reserve Bank of India on Tuesday kept the repo rate unchanged at 8%. The central bank also kept CRR, SLR unchanged. The reverse repo rate was also maintained at status quo of 7%.
However, it said it would cut the ceiling on bonds that must be held-to-maturity from the current 24 percent to 22 percent in stages starting in the bi-weekly cycle beginning in Jan. 10, 2015. It expects to complete the process by September 2015.
"For the near-term objective, the risks around the baseline path of inflation are broadly balanced, though with a slant to the downside. However, the undershooting of the objective may be temporary because of base effects. Turning to the medium-term objective (6 per cent by January 2016) the balance of risks is still to the upside, though somewhat lower than in the last policy statement," said Raghuram Rajan .
"This continues to warrant policy preparedness to contain pressures if the risks materialise. Therefore, the future policy stance will be influenced by the Reserve Bank's projections of inflation relative to the medium term objective (6 per cent by January 2016), while being contingent on incoming data," Rajan explained.
According to RBI, the momentum of activity in all sectors of the economy is yet to stabilize. "Agriculture should shed the effects of recent shocks and pick up in Q4 of 2014-15. Industrial activity will await improvement in the business environment and the resumption of consumption and investment demand before gaining sustained speed. Post-monsoon revival in construction activity and the likely strengthening of momentum in business and financial services should sustain the recent signs of expansion in the services sector," RBI said in its statement.
"The key to a turnaround in the growth path of the economy in the second half of the year is a revival in investment activity - in greenfield as well as brownfield stalled projects - supported by fiscal consolidation, stronger export performance and sustained disinflation. With expectations of these conditions remaining broadly unchanged, the projection of growth for 2014-15 is retained at 5.5 per cent within a range of 5 to 6 per cent around this central estimate. The quarterly growth path may slow mildly in Q2 and Q3 before recovering in Q4," the statement added.
The Governor also said the final guidelines on small banks and payments banks will be issued by end-November, while the final norms with regard to the changes in the regulatory framework for NBFCs will be introduced by end-October.
Rajan reduced the liquidity provided under the export credit refinance (ECR) facility from 32 per cent of eligible export credit outstanding to 15 per cent with effect from October 10.
RBI, however, continued to provide liquidity under overnight repo at 0.25 per cent at the LAF repo rate and liquidity under 7-day and 14-day term repos of up to 0.75 per cent through auctions.
Inflation as measured by the consumer price index in August slowed to 7.80% from 7.96% in July. Wholesale price index-based inflation also fell in August--to 3.47%, near a five-year low.
Rajan, who has raised rates thrice since last September, has been adamant that the back of inflation needs to be broken if the country has to get back to the path of sustainable, high economic growth.
(With inputs from PTI & Reuters)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Lenskart setting up physical stores to build brand awarenessCalvin John
(The narrative is of online…)
In mid-October, online furniture retailer Pepperfry will do something it never imagined: open a 2,500 sq ft store at Powai in Mumbai. An "experience centre", the two-year-old company calls it. Here, buyers can check out about 25 pieces of sofas and dining sets. They can obtain interior-design tips. They can engage with iPad-wielding staffers and see the entire 10,000-odd Pepperfry range online.
Its rivals on the web have a similar idea.
Fabfurnish, which already has four physical stores, plans to increase it to nine, across four cities, in the next 12 months.
And Urbanladder, for the past two months, has been sending three single-seater sofa samples to homes of interested buyers so that they can feel first-hand aspects like make, foam, inners and spring. "We cannot address furniture completely online — it's a pain point," says Rajiv Srivastava, COO and co-founder of Urbanladder. "That's how the 'trial room' idea came about."
Their online peers in other specialised shopping categories have similar designs.
On August 24, jewellery retailer CaratLane opened its fourth store, in Bangalore. Child products retailer Firstcry will hit 100 franchisees in December. Eyewear retailer Lenskart has 25 stores and 100 optometrists — diploma holders, not doctors — who come home to do eye-checkups. "Going offline is important for us as an element of eye checkup is involved in our business," says Peyush Bansal, co-founder-CEO of Lenskart. "It's also a good way to build trust for the brand."
The narrative is of online players trying to change mindsets about internet shopping in a country that has just begun its online initiation. So, they see these stores not as out-and-out shopping hubs, but as spokes that feed the online hub by giving users a 'live' experience, building brand awareness and watering the online habit.
But, at some level, it's also about diffusing the boundaries between online and offline, at times even the bold ambition of building a national brand that is equally dominant and omnipresent in both spaces. "Smart digital retailers are starting to recognise they too need a broader, multi-channel approach for many of the same reasons as offline retailers need to go online," says Pragya Singh, associate vice-president, retail & consumer, Technopak, a retail consultancy.
"Customers don't come only online or only offline — they come anywhere."
Nature Of Niche
Players in niche product categories — like furniture, jewellery and child products — are at the forefront of this offline drive. These are categories where look and feel matter to a consumer, more so as the product value increases. An onlineonly presence was not facilitating the conversion of customer clicks to sales at the scale or frequency they would have liked.
The solitaires at CaratLane, for example, start at Rs 50,000 and go up to Rs 4 crore.
"Buyers want to see and try before they pay," says Calvin John, vice-president, marketing, CaratLane. "Virtual try-rooms do not complete the experience." Supam Maheshwari, co-founder of Firstcry, too cites the shopping experience. "For any couple, parenting is a new experience and they like to go out to shop," he says. "Only online does not complete the experience that new parents look forward to."
Anil Jaggia, CIO of HDFC Bank, offers an analogy from the banking sector as another compelling reason why a physical presence helps. "Today, I can take banking to the masses via smartphones and internet banking," he says. "But a customer in a remote town is unlikely to open an account with a bank he can't physically see. So, I need to open a branch in a city. It adds to trust and comfort."
One estimate of how much that comfort adds up to comes from John of CaratLane.
"We have seen the bill value triple when the customer has an option to try and buy," he says. CaratLane stocks about 125,000 solitaires on its webstore, but just 40-60 pieces in its physical stores.
Cost And Benefits
A similar variance in product range is seen across all e-commerce players that are establishing an offline presence too. Lenskart, which expects about 20% of its business to come from offline sales, has 4,000 spectacle frames on its webstore, but 400 in its shops. At Firstcry, the split is 70,000 online and 2,000 offline. "For example, we have 60 (baby) car seats online and only the fast-selling four or five in stores," says Maheshwari.
Product range is a function of store size.
Lenskart's strategy is to open 200-300 sq ft. And increasingly, it is looking to go beyond metros, to towns like Agartala, Bhubaneshwar, Nagpur and Tinsukia.
"Lenskart is in a niche," says Sanjeev Aggarwal, senior managing director of Helion Venture Partners, a VC fund. "Repeat buyers is a problem. Hence, it's tapping the offline market as well.'

Accenture equals TCS in employee strength; employs nearly 3.05 lakh peopleYou are here: Home > Collections > Tcs
Accenture equals TCS in employee strength; each employs nearly 3,05,000 people
ET Bureau Sep 27, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Accenture
(The increasing headcount…)
MUMBAI: Accenture is now back on par with Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) in terms of headcount, after the information technology company hired 80,000 people in the financial year ended August 31. At the end of its fourth quarter, Accenture employed 3,05,000 people, while TCS reported 3,05,431 people on its rolls at the end of June. TCS had outstripped Accenture in terms of headcount last year. The Indian company will report updated headcount figures when it releases its second-quarter results in October.
TCS is increasingly being compared with Accenture, as analysts say the Mumbai-headquartered company now operates on a different level from the rest of its India-based rivals, particularly in terms of sales and delivery effectiveness. But the company still lags Accenture in certain metrics such as revenue productivity. Accenture posted revenue of $30 billion in its financial year, while TCS reported revenue $13.4 billion.
But the increasing headcount levels are a double-edged sword in the IT industry, where large employee numbers often induce a slowdown in growth. However, analysts are expecting TCS to buck that trend.
FEATURED ARTICLES

RBI cheer! Sensex up 250 points  Nifty zips past crucial 8K markSensex makes smart gains as RBI leaves policy rates unchanged
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 30, 2014, 12.42PM IST
Tags:
Axis Bank
(At 11:10 a.m.; the Nifty…)
MUMBAI: The S&P BSE Sensex broke out of intraday range and was near day's high led by gains in capital goods, banks and auto sectors.
The Reserve Bank of India, on expected lines, has left repo rate unchanged at 8 per cent and reverse repo unchanged at 7 per cent.
At 12:42 pm, the Sensex was at 26,799.12; up 202.01 points. The Nifty was at 8,017.90; up 59.00 points.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index was up 0.78 per cent and the S&P BSE Smallcap Index gained 0.69 per cent.
Among the sectoral indices, the S&P BSE Capital goods Index gained 1.24 per cent, the S&P BSE Bankex rose 0.47 per cent and the S&P BSE Auto Index rose 1.09 per cent.
The S&P BSE IT Index declined 0.52 per cent and the S&P BSE Power Index was down 0.05 per cent.
HDFC (up 2.50 per cent), Bajaj Auto (up 1.84 per cent), L&T (up 1.73 per cent), Sun Pharma (up 1.61 per cent) and Maruti (up 1.50 per cent) were among the Sensex gainers.
Infosys (0.95 per cent), Hindalco (0.88 per cent), TCS (0.77 per cent), Axis Bank (0.75 per cent) and Hindustan Unilever (0.62 per cent) were among the top losers.
The market breadth was positive on the BSE with 1438 gainers against 950 losers.
The foreign institutional investors were net buyers worth Rs 150.1 crore and domestic institutional investors were net buyers worth Rs 234.52 crore on Monday as per the provisional data from the National Stock Exchange.
MUMBAI: The Nifty continued to remain lackluster as the Reserve Bank of India, on expected lines, left key policy rates unchanged. Repo rates are unchanged at 8 per cent and reverse repo unchanged at 7 per cent.
At 11:10 a.m.; the 50-share index was at 7,961.60, up 2.70 points or 0.03 per cent. It touched a high of 7,977.30 and a low of 7,943.75 in trade today.
The S&P BSE Sensex was at 26,623.33, up 26.22 points or 0.10 per cent. It touched a high of 26,659.12 and a low of 26,547.44 in trade today.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index was up 0.50 per cent and the S&P BSE Smallcap Index gained 0.41 per cent.
Among the sectoral indices, the S&P BSE Healthcare Index gained 0.89 per cent, the S&P BSE Capital goods Index rose 0.65 per cent and the S&P BSE Auto Index rose 0.68 per cent.
The S&P BSE IT Index declined 0.38 per cent, the S&P BSE Metal Index was down 0.28 per cent and the S&P BSE Power Index slipped 0.31 per cent.
Axis Bank (1.29 per cent), Tata Steel (1.04 per cent), Hindalco (1.03 per cent), GAIL (0.91 per cent) and Infosys (0.76 per cent) were among the top losers.
HDFC (up 2.10 per cent), Bajaj Auto (up 1.58 per cent), Sun Pharma (up 1.53 per cent), Maruti (up 1.04 per cent) and Tata Power (up 1.02 per cent) were among the Sensex gainers.
The market breadth was positive on the BSE with 1,295 gainers against 1,031 losers.
Foreign institutional investors were net buyers worth Rs 150.1 crore and domestic institutional investors were net buyers worth Rs 234.52 crore on Monday as per the provisional data from the National Stock Exchange.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Want to reduce undue volatility in rupee: RBI chiefI want to reduce undue volatility in rupee: Raghuram Rajan
By Reuters | 30 Sep, 2014, 12.23PM IST
0
Share More
He added such a policy would mean that the central would typically intervene on both sides of the exchange rate.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: The Reserve Bank of India is not focussed on any particular level of exchange rate, but wants to reduce undue volatility, Governor Raghuram Rajan said after the policy review on Tuesday.
He added such a policy would mean that the central would typically intervene on both sides of the exchange rate.
The rupee has risen in recent months and in the process has maintained its parity with the dollar seen at the beginning of the year, Rajan told reporters in Mumbai.
The rupee has gained 1.89 percent against the dollar in the month to date and 2.93 percent in the past six months, as per Thomson Reuters data.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Top 15 rate-sensitive stocks that could return upto 49% over next 6-12 monthsAshok Leyland
(RBI kept its key policy rates…)
NEW DELHI: The Reserve Bank of India (RBI), on expected lines, kept key policy rates unchanged in its monetary policy review on Tuesday. However, it warned of risks to its target on consumer inflation. The RBI plans to bring it down to 6 percent by January 2016.
India's central bank kept the policy repo rate under the liquidity adjustment facility (LAF) unchanged at 8.0 per cent and the cash reserve ratio (CRR) of scheduled banks unchanged at 4.0 per cent of net demand and time liabilities (NDTL).
"We think the main reason behind this is that RBI is holding the job of maintaining the Credibility of the processes like anti-inflation process while keeping in the consideration quite a lot of currency pressure," said Rohit Gadia, Founder & CEO, CapitalVia Global Research Limited.
"RBI has set a glide path for CPI inflation at 8 per cent by January 15 and 6 per cent by January 2016. So RBI can raise interest rate even in the next review if they see that CPI numbers are going out of ease," he added.
Since June, headline inflation has ebbed to levels which are consistent with the desired near-term glide path of disinflation -- 8 per cent by January 2015.
However, with international crude prices softening and relative stability in the foreign exchange market, some upside risks to inflation are receding, RBI said in a statement.
Therefore, the future policy stance will be influenced by the Reserve Bank's projections of inflation relative to the medium term objective (6 per cent by January 2016), while being contingent on incoming data.
"For market, the policy has come as per expectation and more importantly those expectations were managed way ahead of the policy so hopefully there should not be any reaction from the market," said Nilesh Shah, MD & CEO, Axis Capital.
Analysts do not expect rate cut anytime soon but the action will remain in individual stocks. Investors should bet on quality stocks from the rate-sensitive basket.
We have collated list of fifteen stocks which can give up to 49 per cent return in the next 6-12 months:
Analyst: Ranajit Kumar Saha, AVP - Technical Research at Microsec Capital Ltd
United Bank: Buy around 38-40 SL: 34 Target: 54
Rationale: United Bank has corrected almost 35 percent from its recent high of Rs 61.75 made on 4th July, 2014. Now the stock is likely to find a strong support at Rs 38 (near 200 DMA). We recommend accumulating the stock around 38-40 for the target of Rs 54.
M&M Finance: Buy around 270-280 SL: 230 Target: 340
Rationale: After making a recent high of 295.75 on 15th September, 2014, M&M Fin. Service Ltd. corrected almost 8 percent. Now it is expected to get a strong support near 265. We recommend initiating long position in the stock with stop loss of Rs 230 for the target price of Rs 340.
Ashok Leyland Ltd.: Buy around 40-41 SL: 33 Target: 54
Rationale: Ashok Leyland Ltd. has given a bullish break out at Rs 40 with decant volumes on monthly chart.The stock expected to test Rs 54 in the near future. We recommend initiating long positions in the stock with stop loss of Rs 33
  IDFC: Buy around 135-140 SL: 120 Target: 173
Rationale: IDFC has corrected almost 18 percent from its recent high of Rs 166.65 made on 21st July, 2014. The stock is likely to find a strong support near Rs 135. We recommend accumulating the stock around 135-140 for the target of Rs 173.
IndusInd Bank: Buy around 610-630 SL: 578 Target: 698
Rationale: IndusInd Bank Ltd. is in continuous uptrend since last March, 2014. The stock is likely to test Rs 698 in the short term. We recommend initiating long position in the stock with stop loss of Rs 578.
Analyst: Kiran Kumar Kavikondala, Director & CEO, WealthRays Securities
TVS Motors (CMP- Rs. 228.60; Target- Rs. 250.00)
Any positive surprise from RBI or with a status quo auto sector stocks are likely to gain ahead of the festive season. Automobile sales in India has picked up after May'14 with the sector showing strong signs of revival. Volume growth is clearly seen in the month of August with the company delivering 46% volume growth in August 2013. With two wheeler and three wheeler segment picking up and October, being a festive season may trigger further growth. Easing liquidity in markets may cause increased disposable income and increased demand and also alter cost of funds for auto sector.
Axis Bank Ltd. (CMP: 385, Target: 435-440)
Banks have dipped significantly over the last 1 week as Investors have remained cautious ahead of RBI Monetary policy decisions. The RBI Policy, however, is expected to provide relief to Banks as RBI is unlikely to take any major decision regarding interest rates. The recent Inflation data has been good and taking cues from Fed Policy Meet earlier this month, RBI is expected to maintain status quo regarding interest rates. Such an event would bring money inflows into Axis Bank and the stock is expected to rally.
DLF (CMP: 158, Target: 185-195)

LIVE: Jayalalithaas bail hearing adjourned to October 6Updated: September 30, 2014 15:08 IST
Jayalalithaa bail hearing adjourned to October 6
Krishnaprasad
The Hindu Security was beefed up outside the Karnataka High Court complex on Tuesday before the hearing on the bail plea of former Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa, convicted in the wealth case. Photo:V Sreenivasa Murthy
The Hindu Security outside the Karnataka High Court complex.
TOPICS
state politics
The bail application was filed on Monday in the Karnataka High Court. Her advocates filed the appeal, with a plea seeking suspension of sentence.
12.00 p.m: Even as the bail hearing is adjourned, AIADMK partymen and the Tamil film fraternity continue to stage protests in Tamil Nadu.
11.45. a.m: A group of AIADMK partymen are protesting outside the Parappana Agrahara jail complex.
11.10. a.m.: The Karnataka High Court adjourned Jayalalithaa's bail application and appeal to Monday, October 6, 2014.
When the matter came up for hearing in front of the vacation bench of the Court, Special Public Prosecutor Bhavani Singh, who also appeared for the State at the Special Court, said that while he received information about his appointment as prosecutor for the appeal as well, no formal communication has been received from the Karnataka Government. Following this submission, the High Court, keeping in view the need for representation on the respondent's side, adjourned the matter to Monday.
"I have not received a formal notification of my appointment as prosecutor for appeal. I communicated this factual position to the court."
11.10 a.m: Advocates are trying to convince the court for hearing now or on Wednesday, despite vacation.
11.00 a.m.: Ram Jethmalani is present to argue for Jayalalithaa. The High Court begins hearing on Jayalalithaa's plea.
10.42 a.m.: The court is hearing other matters. Pleas of Jayalalithaa and others are yet to be taken up
10.42 a.m.: Judge has warned those inside and outside the court to maintain silence as those outside are making noise causing disturbance for hearing.
10.40 a.m.: Apart from advocates representing Jayalalithaa and her aides, many advocates from Tamil Nadu are also inside the court hall.
10.35 a.m.: Bangalore city police have tightened security around Karnataka High Court in view of hearing on appeal by AIADMK chief Jayalalithaa, who has sought suspension of sentence and bail following her conviction in Rs.53.6 crore disproportionate assets case.
10.30 a.m.: The Court Hall 11, where the vacation bench will be hearing Jayalalithaa’s plea along with petitions related to criminal cases, is packed at 10 am, though sitting will start only at 10.30 am. A large number of AIADMK supporters who have come to the High Court premises have been stopped outside the court’s entrance gates.
10.15 a.m.: The bail application was filed on Monday in the Karnataka High Court. Her advocates filed the appeal, with a plea seeking suspension of sentence, in the High Court's registry section.
Jayalalithaa’s aide Sasikala, her relatives V.N Sudhakaran and Ilavarasi also approached the High Court, seeking bail.
Senior Supreme Court advocate Ram Jethmalani will represent Jayalalithaa with the defence team. Earlier on Sunday, the legal team discussed options to get the sentence suspended and the conviction stayed, party sources said. Read more here .
10.15 a.m.: Read our minute-by-minute coverage of Jayalalithaa's conviction on Saturday, September 27, 2014.

Obama greets Modi with  kem cho   has  wonderful meetingObama greets Modi with 'kem cho', has 'wonderful meeting'
Yashwant Raj , Hindustan Times  Washington, September 30, 2014
First Published: 07:56 IST(30/9/2014) | Last Updated: 15:01 IST(30/9/2014)
Comments
And they talked, and talked and talked.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and US President Barack Obama realised they had a lot in common, more than just their love of technology and early embrace as an election tool.
The two leaders began their first meeting, in a rather informal setting of a quiet dinner at the White House, with Obama greeting Modi in Gujarati, “Kem Cho.”
Without missing a beat, Modi replied, in English, “Thank you, Mr President.” And with that the two leaders began to get to know each other — they had only spoken on phone before.
Read: Modi, Obama bond over dinner, say 'Chalein saath saath' ahead of talks
The 'Kem Chho?' moment: US President Barack Obama greets Narendra Modi at the White House. (Photo courtesy: Twitter, @MEAIndia)
“We had a wonderful meeting and talked about a wide range of issues,” Modi tweeted late in the night, when Obama, by his own admission, catches up with his files.
The dinner, along with a handful of senior officials on both sides, took place in an “extremely convivial” atmosphere, MEA spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin told reporters later.
And that’s because their experiences tracked remarkably. Both leaders came to their respective capitals as outsiders — Obama came to the insular world of Beltway politics from Illinois, and Modi Raisina Hill from Gujarat.
Both were early converts to technology, and pioneers of its use in elections. And they were both struck and disappointed by the it relatively low at their new places of work.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi with US President Barack Obama at the White House dinner. (Photo courtesy: Twitter, @MEAIndia)
“Prime Minister Modi told President Obama when he moved to Delhi after taking office, he found the use of technology even less than in Gujarat,” said the spokesperson. The dinner meeting lasted 90 minutes.
The prime minister was accompanied by external affairs minister Sushma Swaraj, National Security Adviser Ajit Doval, foreign secretary Sujatha Singh and five other officials.
The president had with him vice-president Joe Biden, secretary of state John Kerry, National Security Adviser Susan Rice and other officials.
First lady Michelle Obama, was not there. It was not clear if she was to attend. Officials previewing the meeting had said “that the President and First Lady are very excited and pleased to welcome the Prime Minister”. But they had said the dinner was being hosted by the president.
Modi, as expected, settled down with only a glass of water because of his Navaratri fast. But requested everyone to continue as they would with their dinners, and they did.
A spread comprising of compressed avacados, crisped halibut and saffron basmati rice were part of the menu for dinner.
 
Gifts for President Obama
Prime Minister Modi presented the US president a copy of Gita by Mahatma Gandhi, specially printed for Obama, bound in khadi and contained in a special box.
Obama has said he is a big believer in Gandhi. He also was inspired a lot by Martin Luther King — the second gift was recording of a speech by him when he came to India in 1959.
Also from the same visit, a picture and a video clip of Martin Luther King at Rajghat.
PM Narendra Modi gifted a special edition of Gita to US President Barack Obama. (Photo courtesy: Twitter, @MEAIndia)

Killick Nixon: Outcome of AGMSep 30, 2014, 01.08 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Killick Nixon: Outcome of AGM
Killick Nixon Ltd has informed BSE that the 66th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Killick Nixon: Outcome of AGM
Killick Nixon Ltd has informed BSE that the 66th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Killick Nixon Ltd has informed BSE that the 66th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Bhagyashree Leasing: Outcome of AGMSep 30, 2014, 01.08 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Bhagyashree Leasing: Outcome of AGM
Bhagyashree Leasing & Finance Ltd has informed BSE that the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Bhagyashree Leasing: Outcome of AGM
Bhagyashree Leasing & Finance Ltd has informed BSE that the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Bhagyashree Leasing & Finance Ltd has informed BSE that the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Gratex Industries: Outcome of AGMSep 30, 2014, 01.08 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Gratex Industries: Outcome of AGM
Gratex Industries Ltd has informed BSE that the 30th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 13, 2014, under Clause 35A.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Gratex Industries: Outcome of AGM
Gratex Industries Ltd has informed BSE that the 30th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 13, 2014, under Clause 35A.
Post your opinion here
 
Gratex Industries Ltd has informed BSE that the 30th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 13, 2014, under Clause 35A.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

No action on rates unlikely to have big impact on mkt: IIFLNo action on rates unlikely to have big impact on mkt: IIFL
MCX renews software support & managed services contract with... Mahindra Holidays ropes in Pidilite s Kavinder Singh as CEO... Lyka Labs selling its formulations unit at Tarapur for $6MMCX renews software support & managed services contract with... Mahindra Holidays ropes in Pidilite s Kavinder Singh as CEO... Lyka Labs selling its formulations unit at Tarapur for $6M
Japan factory output falls in AugustJapan’s factory output falls in August
By Ben McLannahan in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f054fb4c-485d-11e4-ad19-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Mercedes-Benz GLA-Class review: Body of an SUV  lines of a coupeE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Sony Xperia Z3 Compact review: This one fits your hand and pocketThe Xperia Z3 Compact features a 4.6-inch HD display with a resolution of 720 x 1280 pixels. It shares almost the same hardware specifications as the flagship Z3.
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | Posted: September 28, 2014 10:25 am | Updated: September 29, 2014 10:05 am
It is quite common these days for top manufacturers to launch a smaller version of their flagship phones. The latest in this line is the Sony Xperia Z3 Compact, the more affordable, lighter, smaller version of the new Sony Xperia Z3 . I first spotted the phone in the crowded Sony stall at IFA. And somehow this phone and how it felt in the hand stayed with me more than the larger flagship. I have already reviewed the Xperia Z3 and a full review of the compact might be futile as Sony has kept the specs more or less the same.
Specs: 4.6-inch (720×1280 pixels) HD TRILUMINOS display | Snapdragon 2.5 GHz Qualcomm Quad-core processor with 2GB RAM | 16 GB storage with 128 GB external | 20.7MP rear camera, 2.1MP front | 3G, Bluetooth 4.0, DLNA, NFC, GLONASS | Nano sim
Rs 44,990
What is different?
The Z3 Compact is as the name suggests smaller than the Z3 . So it has a 4.6-inch screen, compared to the 5.2 inches on the Z3. PLus, this screen is not Full HD and has a 720p resolution. The phone also has 2GB RAM, lesser than the flagship. But that is about it. It seems all these differences were good enough for Sony to be able to cut the price by Rs 7,000.
Design: The Z3 Compact looks just like the Z3, though a bit smaller. The other significant change is the see through plastic band on the edges. The phone is also much lighter at 129 grams. It is easier to hold and in a way suggests that keeping the size a bit under 5 inches has its own advantages. It is also water and dustproof with all ports hidden behind flaps. I had to spend some minutes finding the SIM slot as that flap was not marked.
Display: The stunning display of the Z3 has been recreated to an extent on the Compact. Though it is just HD compared to the 1080p screen on the larger phone, you will not be able to differentiate if you hold both phones together.
Performance: Both phones have the same specs, though the Compact has lesser RAM. But you cannot make out this difference when you are using the phone. It was really up to whatever I tried to do with it. It also stayed cool when I used it to shoot 4K video. No lag, no hesitation. This phones works like  a beauty.
Software: The user interface is identical to the Z3 and you will have no issues with it. Sony, it trying to do an Apple by keeping the feel same across all its devices. However, I have to confess that it is much easier typing on the Z3 as the keyboard here is a bit small for me.
A quick shot of Riteish Deshmukh and Huma Qureshi at an Indian Express event during Social Media Week Mumbai.
Camera: If the camera was the highlight of the Z3, then this is a notch better as it is easier to handle a 4.6-inch camera than a 5.2-inch one. I used the camera to extensively cover an Indian Express event in Mumbai and results were rock solid. In fact, I was shooting most of the event in 4K video and clicking photos right there on the video screen. This multi-tasking did not even evoke a froan from the phone. That was really impressive. This is among the best smartphone cameras you can buy, especially the video bit.
Storage: The phone comes with 16GB internal memory out of which about 11GB is free. Users get to use about 9GB of this. And it is the same for the Z3.
Battery: This is the pain point of most smartphones these days and this seems to be where Sony has invested quite a bit of time. This phone easily lasts over 24 hours, provided you haven’t been using the 4K video recording much.
Verdict: If you don’t want to spend as much as the Sony Xperia Z3, then this is a great option for you. It is cheaper and in some aspects, especially the size, a better phone for many users. For those looking a premium phone, this offer a good option.

Obamas Faustian pact with the SaudisObama’s Faustian pact with the Saudis
By Edward Luce
By suffocating freedom, Saudi Arabia multiplies the supply of recruits for groups such as Isis
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bdae33de-44de-11e4-ab0c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Jeff Bezos reminds Flipkart he is the bossJeff Bezos reminds Flipkart he is the boss
Nivedita Mookerji | New Delhi Sep 30, 2014 12:58 AM IST
A day after Jeff Bezos, the legendary founder and CEO of Amazon, said in media interviews that his company did not pay any attention to competition and that it preferred to focus on improving customer experience, the American online major’s response to Indian rival Flipkart’s marketing blitz was out in the open. Prominent print advertisements on Monday pitched Amazon’s discount strategy against Flipkart’s. The Amazon ad said, why have a “one-day dhamaka’’ (sensation) when sales can happen everyday. Flipkart billboards all across Bangalore have been screaming over the last few days, “The big billion day — greatest sale ever’’ on October 6, in the largest festival campaign by the company.
The Flipkart hoardings, many of them on the highway road from the airport to the city, were being interpreted as a way to tell Bezos, in India for a week, that Amazon was in for big competition in Indian e-commerce. Bezos said on Sunday that Amazon did not believe in such distractions and he would like to put heads down and concentrate on customers. “Rivals don’t get us revenues, customers do,’’ the man who’s known to be a combination of a micro-manager and a happy-go-lucky boss told Business Standard on Sunday evening in an interview , while laughing and offering witty one-liners.
When asked whether he had noticed the big billboards on Flipkart’s Diwali sales, Bezos said ‘’no’’, dismissing the talk on competition as "a bunch of noise’’. He added, "It’s a noisy world we are living in’’, but distractions must be kept aside to perform well. "That has been our approach so far, and I'm not going to change that." On whether he had ever thought Flipkart’s Sachin Bansal and Binny Bansal, who had earlier worked at Amazon, would one day give him competition, Bezos said, "I don’t think much about these things.’’
But competition matters. Apart from the prominent ads in the papers today, suggesting Amazon’s sales are more lasting and widespread than Flipkart’s one-day bonanza on October 6, Bezos in fact took on his competition within hours of landing in India. In a photo-shoot organised in Bangalore on Sunday morning, the Amazon boss dressed up in a sherwani and posed to the delight of the shutterbugs, quite similar to what Virgin group’s Richard Branson has done many times, to reiterate the India identity of Amazon. He also symbolically carried a $2-billion cheque at the shoot. Amazon had recently announced a $2-billion investment in India, just a day after Flipkart held a conference to talk about the $1 billion it had raised.  
Though Flipkart is not talking about what the "big billion’’ meant in its campaign, a source said the reference was to the population of India and that the upcoming sale would have something for everybody. Mukesh Bansal, CEO of Myntra and a top strategist for Flipkart now, told Business Standard, this would be the biggest sale India had seen. Myntra was recently acquired by Flipkart. And the inspiration for the Flipkart sale seems to be China’s Alibaba, which is in the news for its $25-billion IPO. "It’s more like the Single’s Day sales at Alibaba, where you gift yourself,’’ said a source. Last year, Alibaba did estimated sales worth $5 billion on the Single’s Day.
Flipkart co-founder and CEO Sachin Bansal had last week quipped, in reply to media questions on Bezos’ visit, that Amazon seemed to be  worried about the whole place and that the American  company was putting all efforts here as India was the next frontier in e-commerce after China. When Bezos was asked if he indeed had come to India in panic, he refrained from any direct attack, saying, "I can only say I’m super happy to be here.’’ The following day, Amazon told the world, through its ads, that it was more relevant to offer discounts on a daily basis than choosing a specific day for it.
Neon boards announcing Amazon's festival sale have already appeared in Bangalore. “Introducing online shopping dhamaka... The biggest festive celebration begins on amazon.in,” the boards say. Meanwhile, another US e-commerce player has jumped into the fray to offer festival discounts. eBay has announced a 'Diwali Fest’, which will be live from September 25 to October 23.

LME plans to raise fees by a thirdLME plans to raise fees by a third
By Josh Noble in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/08b259e4-47b6-11e4-ac9f-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ailing  Amma refuses special treatment at Bangalore JailPrint
Bangalore: Former Tamil Nadu chief minister J. Jayalalithaa, who was convicted in the disproportionate assets case on Saturday, refused special treatment from the Bangalore Central Jail authorities at Parappana Agrahara on the city’s outskirts.
Jayalalithaa asked the jail authorities to allow her to share the cell with her friends Sasikala Natarajan and V.N.J. Illavarasai.
Her disowned foster son Sudhakaran is sharing his cell with mining baron G. Janardhana Reddy’s former aide, Mehfuz Ali Khan.
Considering her health concerns, Jayalalithaa has been housed at the hospital located inside the jail.
The AIADMK chief is sharing the hospital’s common ward with Sasikala and Illavarasai, who also complained of health problems. A VIP cell has been set up for Jayalalithaa in the jail, and whenever the doctors permit, she will be shifted from the hospital ward.
“On Saturday night, she had fruits for dinner. She woke up around 5.30am on Sunday and took a stroll in the jail premises. She had requested for three Tamil newspapers and two English dailies. She read them in detail and returned to her ward,” a senior jail official said.
Jayalalithaa reportedly instructed the jail staff not to accord any special treatment to her. She spoke to the jail authorities in Kannada, and many of them were taken aback by her simplicity.
Though the jail staff offered her idli and sambar for breakfast, the AIADMK chief sought permission to get her breakfast prepared by her personal staff Veera Perumal. He has been camping outside the jail since Saturday and had cooked idli-sambar for breakfast for his ‘Amma’.
As it was Sunday, general visitors, including Perumal, were not permitted to enter the jail premises. In the afternoon, she had lunch supplied by her personal staff.
A few senior ministers and officials of the Tamil Nadu government, who had sought prior permission, were permitted to meet Jayalalithaa. She met them on three different occasions and the discussions apparently focused on her successor.
According to the jail officials Jayalalithaa suffers from acute lower back pain, and her supporters had brought a special chair. However, as, she had not taken permission from the jail authorities, her supporters were turned away.
Twice, the police outside the jail had to resort to mild lathi-charge to disperse AIADMK workers. The jail authorities have made it clear that permission would be granted to only VIPs, government officials and AIADMK leaders.
The jail staff had to even stop AIADMK MP Vijila Sathyananda, who turned up to meet Jayalalithaa without taking permission. After some argument, Vijila was allowed to meet the former Tamil Nadu chief minister.
Jaya to file bail plea today
J. Jayalalithaa, who has been convicted in the Rs 65.66 crore assets disproportionate case, is likely to apply for bail and stay on conviction at the Karnataka High Court on Monday.
However, it will come up for hearing only on Tuesday in front of the Vacation Bench of the High Court, which is on Dussehra holidays from September 29 to October 7.
Any verdict on her plea would be delivered only on October 7, and the former TN CM will be staying in the Bangalore Central Jail till then.
However, it is learnt that the CM’s counsel might seek early hearing and disposal of her bail petition.
Recommend

vast majority are sticking with usPimco says ‘vast majority’ of clients are sticking with it
By Tom Braithwaite in New York and Alice Ross in Frankfurt
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2405e344-46ff-11e4-8c50-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

An avoidable threat to Hong KongAn avoidable threat to Hong Kong’s standing
Beijing has backed the students into a corner and is facing open revolt
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ed914874-47d2-11e4-ac9f-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Pimco upheaval rattles bond marketPimco upheaval rattles bond market
By Michael Mackenzie, Tracy Alloway and Tom Braithwaite
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b79660ae-47e3-11e4-be7b-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Pediatrics group recommends IUDs  implants as best birth control for teen girlsBy Elahe Izadi September 29 Follow @ElaheIzadi
The "ParaGard" IUD (Courtesy of Ortho Pharmaceuticals)
The majority of teenagers use condoms as their primary method of birth control, but long-acting contraceptives such as intrauterine devices should be the "first-line" of contraceptives in preventing teen pregnancy,  according to new recommendations from the American Academy of Pediatrics.
For the first time, the organization recommends that pediatricians discuss long-acting reversible contraceptives before other birth control methods for teens, citing the "efficacy, safety and ease of use" of long-acting reversible contraception, such as IUDs and progestin implants. In the guidelines  published Monday in the journal Pediatrics , the AAP also recommends that pediatricians encourage condom use, which reduces the risk of sexually-transmitted diseases, for every sexual act.
The last set of recommendations from the AAP came in 2007. The new guidelines, taken as a set of best practices for pediatricians to consider adopting, follow other groups suggesting similar counseling for teens.
In 2012, the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists suggested  that doctors should encourage teens to use long-acting contraceptives, or LARC methods.
Mary A. Ott, who helped write the AAP guidelines, said in an interview that major organizations and agencies are increasingly suggesting long-acting contraceptives for teens, partially due to a "decade of data suggesting that LARC [methods] are safe in teenagers and they are the most effective tools we have to prevent pregnancy."
IUDs are small, T-shaped devices that, once inserted into the uterus by a doctor, can prevent pregnancy for up to 10 years with a failure rate of about 0.8 percent,  according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Implants, thin rods inserted under the skin on the upper arm, release progestin and last for about three years, with a failure rate of 0.05 percent.
Birth control pills have a failure rate of 9 percent, and male condoms have an 18 percent failure rate, according to the CDC.
Condoms remain the most popular form of birth control for teenagers; 52 percent of female teens said condoms were used the last time they had sex, while about 31 percent said they used birth control pills. Twelve percent said they used other hormonal methods, and 20 percent used condoms and a hormonal method, according to a 2006-2010 Health and Human Services survey .
Just 4.5 percent of female teens use long-acting devices,  according to the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists .
High condom use is partly due to cost and the ease of access (teens don't need to see a doctor to get a condom, for example). Indeed, cost and access to health-care providers can make it more challenging for teens to be able to use LARC methods, said Ott, the doctor who helped write the AAP guidelines.
Under the Affordable Care Act, insurance plans now must cover FDA-approved contraceptives , which include IUDs, with no out-of-pocket costs to patients. But for those without insurance, IUDs may cost anywhere from $500 to $1,000 up front,  according to Planned Parenthood .
LARC methods can be more cost-effective over time, Ott said. She pointed to a project in St. Louis, where teens were more likely to choose long-acting methods once cost and access weren't issues.
But misconceptions can also discourage LARC use by teenagers. The ACOG wrote that doctors' concerns about long-acting contraceptives serve as barriers to access.
"Families and young people are concerned about safety and these are medical devices and medications, so they have side effects," Ott said. "But I always remind families when I'm counseling them that all methods of contraceptives are safer than pregnancy."
[This post has been updated.]
Elahe Izadi is a general assignment national reporter for The Washington Post.

Microsoft likely to unveil Windows 9 in India todayMicrosoft likely to unveil Windows 9 in India today
Surabhi Agarwal | New Delhi Sep 30, 2014 12:57 AM IST
Microsoft Corp is likely to boot the next version of the Windows operating system on Tuesday. In a high-profile event, Windows 9 is being flagged off by its global chief executive officer, Satya Nadella, from no other place than his home country, India. Code named 'Threshold', the event raises the bar for India by several notches, catapulting it to the big league for technology launches.
Barely two weeks ago, Microsoft's closest rival Google Inc unveiled its latest mobility project Android One from India. The launch was presided over by Google's vice-president Sundar Pichai, another India-born global executive.
According to analysts, some of whom are part of a pre-launch conference call with Nadella on Tuesday morning, Windows 9 is said to be a major overhaul for the company - fixing the damage done by its predecessor Windows 8 - and also furthering Microsoft's latest strategy under Nadella, which is 'cloud first, mobile first'. A parallel event is also being planned in San Francisco.
The next version of Windows, which may get a completely new name according to a Reuters report, is expected to have a single code which will work across all three platforms of personal computer, phone and tablet.
"I think they initially underestimated the emergence of mobile," said Vishal Tripathi, principal analyst with Gartner India. Tripathi added the company was now trying to make amends. And a launch from India may be the perfect indication of that strategy.
Due to the popularity of smartphones and tablets, only about 14 per cent of devices sold last year are running on Windows, according to Gartner. And India's smartphone penetration is booming. While 2.5 million PCs were shipped in the second quarter of 2014, vendors shipped almost seven times the number of smartphones at 18.42 million. The smartphone market grew by 84 per cent year-on-year during the period, according to IDC.
On his maiden trip after becoming CEO, Nadella arrived in the country last week. He has been touring all the key offices of the company, including Bangalore, Hyderabad and New Delhi, over the last few days.
However, company executives are being extremely tight-lipped about the details of his interactions.
On Monday, he addressed employees at the Microsoft India Development Centre in Hyderabad, the company's largest research and development centre outside its headquarters at Redmond in the US. Nadella paid a half-hour courtesy visit to Telangana chief minister K Chandrasekhara Rao. He, however, couldn't meet Andhra Pradesh chief minister N Chandrababu Naidu, who was away to Visakhapatnam. In New Delhi on Tuesday, apart from the launch event, Nadella will also address 35,000 school children along with Union minister for human resource development Smriti Irani.
The Hyderabad-born Nadella is only the third CEO of Microsoft in its entire lifetime and he took over the reins from Steve Ballmer in February this year.
Nadella was trying to make Microsoft think above and beyond the constraints it had under the previous CEO, said Jaideep Mehta, country head of IDC India.
"All investments are being made with a very strong lens to drive the mobile and the cloud ecosystem," said Mehta. The decision to open up Microsoft Office to Apple was another "masterstroke" through which the company is trying to make the popular product available to as many people as possible. "He is making it more open, collaborative and market-oriented," said Mehta.
Greyhound Research's CEO Sanchit Vir Gogia said on Tuesday Microsoft would announce that all devices below 9 inches would have free licensing of the Windows operating system, putting it on a par with Android. "Anything above 9 inches will be discounted. They are also likely to have a new strategy for device manufacturers which will help them to launch inexpensive phones like Android One." The company is very aggressively targeting the Rs 6,000-10,000 price range of phones.
Windows 9 is expected to be a big leap for the company in the enterprise domain, a traditional stronghold of Microsoft that has weakened a bit in the past.
According to a senior employee at the Hyderabad centre, Nadella has said cloud technology is going to change the IT landscape the worldover. He is said to have elaborately spoken on the importance of the cloud and asked the employees to upgrade themselves and hone their skills around the technology. "We are going to work with the central and state governments on cloud and digital technologies shortly," Nadella is said to have indicated, adding that Microsoft's expansion in Hyderabad was on the cards, sources said.
K Rajani Kanth from Hyderabad contributed to this report

Pimco move highlights clout of Bear alumniPimco move highlights clout of Bear’s alumni
By Tracy Alloway in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e47a202a-47dd-11e4-be7b-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Peoples Bank of China seeks to combat complacent perceptionsPeople’s Bank of China seeks to combat complacent perceptions
By Delphine Strauss
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/212b09d0-2ea2-11e4-afe4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

IFC plans to invest Rs 60 crore in Aditya Birla s MyUniverseIFC to invest $75 mn in Clearwater India Ltd
T E Narasimhan | Chennai Sep 30, 2014 08:28 PM IST
The International Finance Corporation (IFC) plans to invest Rs 450 crore (around $75 mn) in Clearwater India Ltd (CIL). The portfolio company held by funds managed by Clearwater Capital Partners (Clearwater). Clearwater is an Asia-dedicated credit and special situations investment firm.
CIL, an NBFC registered with the RBI, was set up in 2005 as an onshore primary lending platform.
The investment will be in the form of a senior debt investment by subscribing to non-convertible debentures (NCDs) to be issued by the company.
IFC's investment would generate a demonstration impact with local banks for them to offer debt financing to local stressed /distressed asset investors. "Presently, there is practically no bank financing to support investors in the market," said IFC in a release. IFC's participation in this project will promote and expand private sector stressed/distressed asset investment in India.
Clearwater was founded in 2001 by Robert Petty, Managing Partner and Co-Founder, and Amit Gupta, Partner and Co-Founder. CIL’s investments are primarily focused in Chennai, Mumbai, National Capital Region (NCR), Bangalore and Pune.
IFC’s proposed investment in CIL will provide capital support at a time when there is limited bank financing available to support companies through stressful and distress situations, and lay the foundation for effective asset investment and a credit solution culture.
Meanwhile the IFC also plans to invest around Rs 60 crore in MyUniverse, part of the Aditya Birla Group. The proposed investment would be used for the personal financial services company to bring out new product platforms in mobile and to create awareness.
MyUniverse is the personal financial services brand of Aditya Birla Customer Service Pvt Ltd (ABCSPL), which is a subsidiary of Aditya Birla Financial Services Pvt Ltd. (ABFPL) which in turn is a subsidiary of Aditya Birla Nuvo Limited (ABNL), a listed entity of the Aditya Birla Group. MyUniverse is a personal finance portal where individuals need to link their salary, investments and other financial account with the portal for effective finance management.
The World Bank's investment arm's investment will be through equity upto Rs 60 crore (around $10 million) in ABCSPL. The investment will be used for accelerating the building of product platform, especially mobile, strengthening technology platform, building category and brand awareness, and scaling customers onto the platform, according to IFC's disclosure.
"IFC's investment in this business and its strict adherence to high corporate governance standards will enhance trust of the platform. This will help drive adoption of this platform in an accelerated manner. In this case, a long-term partnership with the IFC will benefit the sponsor in implementing their long term strategy for growing this business," said IFC.
IFC's partnership with MyUniverse can help it connect with 65 South Asian financial markets clients and the 800 global level clients. These connections will help MyUniverse increase its depth in providing access to a myriad of financial services products and eventually expand the platform across South Asia, subject to the requisite approvals.

Myntra.com launches Fashion Incubator programE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Obama greets Modi with a  Kem ChoObama greets Modi with a 'Kem Cho'
Press Trust of India | Washington Sep 30, 2014 10:00 AM IST
Ahead of their Summit talks, US President Barack Obama today hosted private dinner for Prime Minister Narendra Modi as the two leaders sought to reinvigorate bilateral ties.
The Prime Minister, who arrived here late afternoon at the Andrew Airforce Base, was received by William Burns, Deputy Secretary of State and other senior officials.
From there, Modi left for the Blair house, the American President's guest house where he will be staying during his Washington trip. Later, he drove to the White House from the Blair guest house for the dinner.
"Kem Cho," asked Obama when he welcomed Modi, who replied, "Thank you very much, President."
The dinner, with limited guests from each side in the Blue Room of the White House might have a delectable spread of dishes, but the main guest only had warm water as he was observing Navratri fasts.
However, First Lady Michelle Obama did not attend the dinner as she was travelling.
"The Prime Minister did not have anything except for warm water," External Affairs Ministry Spokesperson Syed Akabruddin said.
Later, Modi said he had a wonderful meeting with Obama during which they talked about a wide range of issues.
"Obama & I share a vision for a partnership in which our nations work together for the benefit of the entire humankind," the Prime Minister tweeted.
On the issues of discussion during the 90-minute dinner meeting, Akabruddin said discussions were largely on knowing each other and sharing the initial experiences after they took over.
They shared anecdotes to connect with each other, he said while describing the dinner meeting as a 'very successful interaction'.
"They did not get to discuss any of the substantive issues. This was a very cordial and comforting conversation where each of them were trying to understand others perspective and they did not get into very substantive discussion which will follow tomorrow," he added.
They agreed to take up more substantive issue tomorrow -- both in restrictive format and in delegation level talks -- but in general the thinking was that there was a lot of goodwill between India and the US for each other, he said.
"There was a feeling that they should try and focus on some big things that they can achieve in a finite time period in the next few years," the Spokesperson said.
"There was also a feeling that India-US relationship was among the most important relationships in the world today. And therefore, it was incumbent upon both of them to work towards strengthening and deepening this relationship," he said.

Strong $  volatility mark Q3 mkts. Same agai...Strong dollar, rising volatility mark Q3 markets. Same again in Q4?
By Reuters | 30 Sep, 2014, 10.45AM IST
The dollar's 7-per cent surge was its biggest quarterly rise since the same period in 2008, when the collapse of Lehman Brothers triggered the crisis. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
LONDON: The biggest scramble for dollars and sharpest rise in currency volatility for years were the hallmarks of financial markets in the third quarter, developments which have intensified worries that the final three months of the year might be equally bumpy.
The dollar's 7-per cent surge was its biggest quarterly rise since the same period in 2008, when the collapse of Lehman Brothers triggered the global financial crisis and a worldwide rush into the US currency.
The swing of such a magnitude in the world's reserve currency, which is used to price almost everything in global commerce from Apple shares to zinc , permeated all financial markets. It lifted volatility, and crushed the value of commodities and emerging market currencies in the process.
The biggest gainer from 22 assets and market instruments tracked by Reuters was China-listed A-shares, which rose 16.1 per cent, and the biggest loser was Brent crude oil futures, which fell almost 14 per cent. More than half of the 22 fell.
Much of what the fourth quarter holds will hinge on how much faith investors retain in their collective belief that the US economy will outperform its peers, the Federal Reserve will soon raise interest rates, and the dollar will strengthen further.
Contrast that to the euro zone, where deflation fears grew in the third quarter, the European Central Bank eased historically loose policy even further and, remarkably, 10-year German government bond yields fell below 1 per cent.
"The dollar move is not going to hurt the US economy in any appreciable way, certainly not at this point," Deutsche Bank chief US economist, Joe LaVorgna, said, noting that the United States is producing much more of its own energy and so slashing its import bill and trade deficit.
"This is all good. The Fed has been perpetually disappointed by the evolution of the economy, but monetary policy has to be forward-looking," he said.
Investors buying the dollar against a basket of six major currencies on July 1 would be 7.4 per cent better off today
and almost 8 per cent in the black if they had bought the dollar against the Japanese yen.
The dollar also rose against the euro, which buckled under the weight of grim views on euro zone growth and inflation .
Throw in the a late flurry of jitters around the Scottish independence referendum this month, and implied volatility in major exchange rates hit their highest levels this year. In the case of short-dated pricing, especially in sterling, it was the most volatile period in years.
Morgan Stanley, global head of currency strategy, Hans Redekerat, expects this to remain a feature of the coming months as the dollar rises further and exchange rates provide the shock absorber to shifting global economic plates.
"Economic decoupling never takes place , so in an environment of non-synchronised global growth the exchange rate always comes back under the spotlight," he said.
"Two thirds of global funding costs is determined by US dollar funding rates. Volatility is going to stay with us and is going to normalise," he said.
Page 1 of 2

NPAs won t rise from current level: LT Finance HoldingsIt will be difficult to find solutions to pure mining blocks
N Sivaraman
President
L&T Fin Holdings
In an interview to CNBC-TV18 N Sivaraman President & Wholetime Director  L&T Finance Holdings spoke about the latest happenings in the company and the way ahead.
The company is confident that its non performing assets (NPAs) are unlikely to increase from the current level. However, it may take another two-three quarters to reduce it.
L&T Finance Holdings has some exposure to the power generating companies, but has no exposure to the steel sector, Sivaraman adds. The company aims to maintain 15-20 percent margins in the retail book. "Our retail NIMs have been improving and that will help us to move towards targeted ROEs," he says. 
Below is the verbatim transcript of N Sivaraman's interview with CNBC-TV18’s Anuj Singhal & Reema Tendulkar
Reema: Can you walk us through your expectations from the policy today?
A: Yes I would guess that. I would be very cautious about my expectations out of the policy in terms of actual monetary action. Maybe there could be a token step of 25 bps cut in the rates to some extent or some kind of relaxation on the liquidity side. On the liquidity side we have seen far more comfort and stability. There have been times when the reverse repo has been fairly larger than the repo side so generally the liquidity situation seems to be alright in the system, so in that context I don’t see any significant monetary action.
But what we could perhaps get to see is the kinds of guidance in the next 2 quarters, what could potentially be expected. We have seen oil prices drop even below the 97 levels yesterday. So I am saying that the overall inflation expectation could turn out to be far more benign. The diesel price, the oil companies seem to be earring a margin rather than subsidising. All of this should contribute a fairly dovish and positive outlook towards the future credit policy is what my feeling is at the moment.
Reema: We have had a lot of bankers talk raising concerns about the SC verdict on coal block de-allocation, how do you see asset quality evolving? Will the coal deallocation worsen things for you and for the industry?
A: I think till the coal quality issue was coming through. Our outlook was generally that the asset quality situation should become better and better, while we may not see a reduction in the NPA itself, but any new addition to NPAs have been coming down. We have also seen some improvement in general overdue situation, no further deterioration and some marginal improvements also have been seen. So our outlook was that in the nest two quarters, we should start seeing some resolutions and improvement in the overall situation. But definitely the coal decision by the SC is kind of putting us back in terms of our outlook.
It puts the entire system into a kind of watch and what else to do now to be able to improve or rather get the situation around, but I would guess that since it is such a global and universal issue both from a developer perspective and also from a banks point of view. I am sure the government has some game plan. Even when the last announcement was heard the illegality of the allocation was announced by the SC, the government did say that may be we will have to look at auction road. But we will make sure that the operational projects and projects on which commercial commitments have been made will not be impacted in a very negative manner. There will be some delays and issues may be additional costs, but I don’t see a real reversal back or the power plants being left stranded for fuel supply.
Anuj: Do you have any exposure to the affected companies and how much?
A: It was very difficult to be out of that situation. But our comfort is that if the government does provide the alternative coal linkages and even if they have to import some coal by merchant coal, it will still be okay as far as the lenders are concerned is our outlook. Where there are some mining related projects that could be some issues in terms of how to find solutions for that. But broadly so long as these projects supply coal into the power plants maybe some restructuring will have to be done in terms of the contract, the contract the way it is being done. So I think it itself is such a global issue, just that it is too big to fail, I think there will be some action taken by the government.
L&T Finance stock price
On November 21, 2014, L&T Finance Holdings closed at Rs 72.35, up Rs 0.00, or 0.00 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 88.35 and the 52-week low was Rs 62.30.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 0.27 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 267.96. The latest book value of the company is Rs 20.52 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 3.53.

See rate hike in 2015  low crude prices won t blunt CPI:JPM08:00 am
JP Morgan believes Reserve Bank governor Raghuram Rajan will maintain his hawkish tone while presenting the central bank's bi-monthly policy review. Speaking to CNBC-TV18, Jahangir Aziz, chief economist at JPMorgan said the governor's comments on inflation trend will be important but he expects the apex bank to continue focusing on inflation control as low global commodity prices won't have impacted the CPI basket much. "It impacts WPI, and is a positive from fiscal deficit point of view" he said adding that the depreciation in INR is also a factor to reckon while framing the policy.
He agrees with the street view that the RBI may yet agin tweak the Statutory liquidity ratio or SLR.
Aziz also believes that the possibility of hitting 6 percent inflation target, set by the RBI, by January 2015 is low. That's the reason he sees a rate hike coming in 2015. "There will be a rate hike in 2015, if not in the first quarter, later." According to to CNBC-TV18 poll, twenty percent respondents expect the first rate cut will come in 2014.
Talking about the recent upgrade by rating agency S&P, he said it will be advantageous to those corporate looking to raise funds offshore.
RELATED NEWS

UK High Court to rule on Malaysian divorceMalaysian family fortune in divorce case may be settled in UK
By Jane Croft
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7f55dc28-376d-11e4-971c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Obama  Modi vow to boost ties |  Khem Cho   Obama asks Modi | CoverageSave precious time tracking your investments
WASHINGTON: US President Barack Obama and Prime Minister Narendra Modi vowed on Monday to expand and deepen their countries' strategic partnership and make it a model for the rest of the world.
In a joint "vision statement" issued after their first meeting at a White House dinner, the two leaders said they would work together "not just for the benefit of both our nations, but for the benefit of the world."
They said their countries would cooperate in security and fight terrorism and back a "rules based" global order in which India assumes greater multilateral responsibility, including a reformed UN Security Council.
They also vowed to work together against the threat posed by climate change and to cooperate to address the consequences of unchecked pollution.
"We have a vision that the United States and India will have a transformative relationship as trusted partners in the 21st century. Our partnership will be a model for the rest of the world," the "vision statement" said.
The two leaders also said the two countries would work to ensure that economic growth brought better livelihoods for all people and stressed the importance of open markets and fair and transparent practices to allow trade to flourish.
With President @BarackObama . We had a wonderful meeting and talked about a wide range of issues. pic.twitter.com/MRDjEjujCn
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) September 30, 2014
The United States has been keen to expand business and security ties with India, which is sees as a key counterbalance to an increasingly assertive China in Asia. Obama has backed Delhi's bid to become a permanent member of the U.N. Security Council.
However, so far the relationship has failed to live up to his declaration in 2010 that it would become "one of the defining partnerships of the 21st Century."
Modi has maintained a frantic schedule during his visit, which began on Friday, even though he is fasting in accordance with Hindu custom and drank only warm water at the White House dinner.
As part of an effort to spur foreign investment, he met more than a dozen U.S. corporate leaders earlier on Monday and told them he was committed to liberalizing India's economy, which has underperformed other emerging markets recently after years of breakneck growth.
On Saturday, Modi addressed the U.N. General Assembly and then appeared before some 60,000 people at a musical event in New York's Central Park aimed at ending global poverty and bringing essentials such as sanitation to all.
On Sunday, he received a rapturous welcome from a big crowd of Indian-Americans in an appearance in New York's Madison Square Garden arena.
He will hold further talks with Obama and his administration on Tuesday.

State-run banks to tap markets "very soon": ...Banks
("We will very soon bring…)
NEW DELHI: Finance Ministry will soon come out with the capital infusion plan for PSU banks to help them meet the global capital adequacy norms, Financial Services Secretary G S Sandhu said today.
"We will very soon bring capital infusion plan in PSU banks to cabinet. It's almost ready," he said at an event here.
Public sector banks require equity capital of Rs 2.4 lakh crore by 2018 to meet global Basel III norms on capital adequacy. For the current fiscal, the government has allocated Rs 11,200 crore for bank capitalisation.
On whether the government was contemplating bringing down its equity from 58 per cent to 52 per cent in PSU banks, Sandhu said: "If banks have to raise money from market then the stake has to come down then only they can raise money. That is part of our paper."
The government has been considering a proposal under which its equity could come down to 52 per cent from 58 per cent presently as part of recapitalisation exercise.
Sandhu said the instrument for share sales in banks will be partly qualified institutional placement (QIP) and partly public.
As per law, government holding at any moment must not come below 51 per cent to maintain the public sector character of PSU banks.
At present, government shareholding in various banks varies between 56.26 per cent (Bank of Baroda) and 88.63 per cent (Central Bank of India).
The government has infused Rs 58,600 crore between 2011 to 2014 in the state-owned banks.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in the Budget speech had said that "to be in line with Basel-III norms there is a requirement to infuse Rs 2,40,000 crore as equity by 2018 in our banks. To meet this huge capital requirement we need to raise additional resources to fulfil this obligation".
While preserving the public ownership, the capital of these banks will be raised by increasing the shareholding of the people in a phased manner through the sale of shares largely through retail to common citizens of this country, the minister had said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

At RBI policy review  Raghuram Rajan leaves interest rates unchanged at 8%At RBI policy review, Raghuram Rajan leaves interest rates unchanged at 8%
M Saraswathy | Mumbai Sep 30, 2014 10:58 AM IST
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Raghuram Rajan on Tuesday kept key rates unchanged in its fourth bi-monthly monetary policy.
 
It kept the policy repo rate under the liquidity adjustment facility (LAF) unchanged at 8.% and the cash reserve ratio (CRR) of scheduled banks unchanged at 4% of net demand and time liabilities (NDTL); RBI said that since June, headline inflation has ebbed to levels which are consistent with the desired near-term glide path of disinflation -- 8 per cent by January 2015.
"The most heartening feature has been the steady decline in inflation excluding food and fuel, by a cumulative 111 basis points since January 2014, to a new low," the central bank said in a statement.
It added that with international crude prices softening and relative stability in the foreign exchange market, some upside risks to inflation are receding. However, it said that yet, there are risks from food price shocks as the full effects of the monsoon’s passage unfold, and from geo-political developments that could materialise rapidly.
RBI said that turning to the medium-term objective (6% by January 2016) the balance of risks is still to the upside, though somewhat lower than in the last policy statement. It said that this continues to warrant policy preparedness to contain pressures if the risks materialise.
Therefore, it said that the future policy stance will be influenced by the Reserve Bank’s projections of inflation relative to the medium term objective (6 per cent by January 2016), while being contingent on incoming data.
RBI also said that in order to further develop the government securities market and enhance liquidity, it has been decided to bring down the ceiling on SLR securities under the held to maturity (HTM) category from 24% of NDTL to 22% in a graduated manner i.e. 23.5% with effect from the fortnight beginning January 10, 2015, 23.0% with effect from the fortnight beginning April 4, 2015, 22.5% with effect from the fortnight beginning July 11, 2015 and 22.0% with effect from the fortnight beginning September 19, 2015.  
A Business Standard poll had indicated that the current financial year might end up being the first in seven years to see the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) keeping the benchmark repo rate unchanged.
As many as nine respondents — all leading names in the public sector, private and foreign banks, as well as other financial intermediaries — said RBI would hold the repo rate at eight per cent at least until the end of March 2015.
Most respondents explained why they did not expect a rate change by saying though the retail inflation rate, the RBI’s new benchmark, had fallen below eight per cent, the target of achieving a 6% rate was a big challenge.

Tyre stocks in demand; Ceat surges 10%Tyre stocks in demand; Ceat surges 10%
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 30, 2014 11:44 AM IST
Shares of tyre manufacturers have rallied by up to 10% in otherwise subdued market on hopes of higher margins due to falling rubber prices.
Ceat, MRF, J K Tyre, TVS Srichakra, Apollo Tyres, Goodyear India, Falcon Tyres and Dunlop India are trading higher in the range of 5-10% on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE). The benchmark S&P BSE Sensex was up 0.25% at 1140 hours.
Prices of natural rubber, the most important raw material for the industry, have dropped to multi-year low in the international market on account of poor demand from countries like China and oversupply of the commodity.
According to rating agency ICRA, the softer input costs regime over the past one year has proved highly favourable for the industry with industry wide operating profit margins (OPM) climbing to historic peaks.
“With the industry in the midst of a large capital expenditure phase, the benefits to the OPM have not directly trickled down to the net margins (NPM). However, the high cash accruals of the past two years have lent flexibility to the industry leading to a decline in industry wide leverage and substantial cash build up,” rating agency said in research September research report.
ICRA expects demand for tyres to grow by 6%-8% during 2014-15, driven largely by the Truck and Bus (T&B), PV and scooter segments. Replacement demand for T&B is also expected to grow as the economic activity in the country revives, thus leading to increased goods movement.
“The tyre industry is poised to grow in double digits over the next two years. Recovery in the OEM segment (contributing about 30% of the demand) due to positive consumer sentiment, and better replacement sales due to improved economic scenario and fleet utilization levels are likely to boost demand,” says analyst at Angel Broking in recent client note.
Among the individual stocks, Ceat has rallied 10.4% to Rs 814, followed by J K Tyre (8% at Rs 503), Apollo Tyres and Goodyear India (7% each at Rs 205 and Rs 689 respectively), while TVS Srichakra, MRF, Falcon Tyres and Dunlop India are up 5% each.
 

Rate sensitive stocks trade mixed post RBI policyRate sensitive stocks trade mixed post RBI policy
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 30, 2014 11:30 AM IST
Shares of interest-rate sensitive such as realty, auto and bank stocks are trading mixed after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) left rates unchanged for the fourth straight time while reviwing the Monetary Policy today.
Kotak Mahindra Bank and Federal Bank from banking sector are up 1% each, while Axis Bank and Bank of India down 1% each on the National Stock Exchange (NSE).
Bank Nifty was marginally 0.10% down at 15,459 at 1130 hours after the policy announcement.  The index touched high of 15,560 in early noon deals.
Eicher Motors, Bajaj Auto and Maruti Suzuki India from auto and HDIL, Phoenix, Delta Corp and Sobha Developers from realty are trading higher between 1-6% on NSE.
Governor Raghuram Rajan kept the benchmark repurchase rate at 8%. However, the RBI reduce the liquidity provided under the export credit refinance (ECR) facility from 32% of eligible export credit outstanding to 15% with effect from October 10, 2014, RBI said in a statement.
 

Den Networks shares fall 3% post CEO s exitSep 30, 2014, 11.49 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Den Networks shares fall 3% post CEO's exit
"SN Sharma, chief executive officer (CEO) of the company, has resigned due to personal reasons with immediate effect," said the cable TV distribution company in its filing to BSE.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Den Networks shares fall 3% post CEO's exit
"SN Sharma, chief executive officer (CEO) of the company, has resigned due to personal reasons with immediate effect," said the cable TV distribution company in its filing to BSE.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Den Networks fell as much as 2.6 percent intraday Tuesday after its CEO, one of the founding members, resigned yesterday.
"SN Sharma, chief executive officer (CEO) of the company, has resigned due to personal reasons with immediate effect," said the cable TV distribution company in its filing to BSE.
Sharma was one of the founding members of DEN and was a driving force behind taking the company into the digital era and in its rise as one of the leading digital TV platforms of the country.
Prior to DEN, he held key positions in Hathway Cable and Datacom , and IndusInd Media & Communications.
SN Sharma is a member of the Task Force on Digitisation set up by the Ministry of Information & Broadcasting and is a founding member and secretary of the MSO Alliance.
At 11:35 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 145.75, down Rs 3.40, or 2.28 percent on the BSE.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

DCB Bank shares gain 3%  Rs 275-crore QIP issue opensSep 30, 2014, 11.48 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
DCB Bank shares gain 3%, Rs 275-crore QIP issue opens
The board of directors of the bank on Monday decided to open the qualified institutional placement (QIP) issue with immediate effect and approved the preliminary placement document in connection with the QIP.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
DCB Bank shares gain 3%, Rs 275-crore QIP issue opens
The board of directors of the bank on Monday decided to open the qualified institutional placement (QIP) issue with immediate effect and approved the preliminary placement document in connection with the QIP.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Investors lapped up more shares of  DCB Bank on Tuesday after the private sector lender launched its qualified institutional placement (QIP) issue for subscription. The stock gained as much as 3 percent intraday, in addition to 3 percent gains in pervious session.
The board of directors of the bank on Monday decided to open the qualified institutional placement (QIP) issue with immediate effect and approved the preliminary placement document in connection with the QIP.
The board has fixed floor price for the issue at Rs 86.45 per equity share, which is 3 percent higher compared to Monday's closing price. According to the filing, the bank may offer a discount of not more than 5 percent on the floor price.
It intends to raise up to Rs 275 crore via this QIP issue.
 
At 11:11 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 84.75, up Rs 0.90, or 1.07 percent on the BSE.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Maharashtra polls: Prithviraj Chavan lacked coalition mindset  says Sharad Pawar4
0
Pune: Firing a salvo at his estranged ally Prithviraj Chavan, NCP President Sharad Pawar has criticised the former Congress chief minister for not having a "coalition mindset" and accused him of indulging in "diversionary tactics".
Stepping up his attack on the Congress, Pawar said, "The previous Congress chief ministers who led the alliance namely Vilasrao Deshmukh, Sushil Kumar Shinde and Ashok Chavan displayed the coalition mindset to run the government. But Prithviraj Chavan seemed to have a different mindset that queered the pitch."
Pawar, speaking to a Marathi news channel, said Chavan tried to project a different image of himself and indulged in "diversionary tactics" by creating an atmosphere of suspicion about the NCP in order to malign its image.
Pawar said Chavan indulged in "diversionary tactics" by creating an atmosphere of suspicion about the NCP in order to malign its image.
#maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #maharashtra #sharad pawar #ncp
"All that we had asked for was to speed up administration. He (Chavan) expedited work in the last month of the term, disposing of files of Urban Development department. Had he done it earlier, these questions would not have arisen," he added.
Asked as to whom the NCP viewed as "main enemy" in the electoral battle for Maharashtra, Pawar said, "I do not treat any party as enemy though one can have differences on policy."
The NCP chief described the speculation of a possible post-poll alliance between his party and BJP as "rumour mongering" for political gains.
He, however, congratulated Prime Minister Narendra Modi for his "marketing" mission in the ongoing tour of the US and initiating a dialogue with the large NRI population there.
"It is a very intelligent and practical decision on his part which deserves congratulations," Pawar said.
2

Maharashtra elections: Uddhav and Raj s parallel politics change equations26
0
Mumbai: Shiv Sena Executive President Uddhav Thackeray has asked Anant Geete, the Cabinet Minister for Heavy Industries, to resign from the BJP-led NDA government at the Centre. Geete is expected to tender his resignation as soon as Prime Minister Narendra Modi arrives in India from his US tour.
It is very significant that Uddhav made this announcement in response to the criticism made by his estranged cousin Raj Thackeray of the MNS. Raj Thackeray had criticised the Sena leadership saying that the party had patriarch Bal Thackeray been alive, he could have quit the alliance a month before. He also added that Uddhav should ask Geete to resign as a mark of protest against the insult meted out to the Shiv Sena.
Raj Thackeray has also launched a scathing attack on the BJP and said that he had smelt two months before that the BJP was not interested in keeping the alliance intact. He also criticised the manner in which the BJP insulted the Shiv Sena.
Raj Thackery said that Uddhav should ask Geete to resign as a mark of protest against the insult meted out to the Shiv Sena.
#maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #maharashtra #shiv sena #bjp
He said that it was very painful for him that a sitting MLA of MNS was welcomed by the BJP without consulting him. He explained that he had made all effort to to be fair with the BJP, but he found the BJP leadership opportunistic after it won the Lok Sabha elections.
It is important to note that the new equations are in the offing after the BJP-Shiv Sena split. The very next day after the break up, Uddhav called Raj and enquired about his health.
Although, both the parties denied the possibility of coming together, it is apparent that both the brothers want to target the BJP by advocating the need to unite for the cause of Marathi people and language.
However, Raj Thackeray has projected himself that he has a very tough stand over the non-Marathi people in Maharashtra. He announced that he could replace all the non Marathi security persons deployed for the purpose of private security with the local Marathi people. He added that he will have a special recruitment drive in the police force to give job to locals. This indicates that Raj and Uddhav are moving in a parallel direction or least not in a mood to cross each others' path in this Assembly election.
Raj ridiculed the Shiv Sena as well as Ramdas Athawale for the offer given to him for the post of deputy chief minister. Raj Thackeray made it clear that he will not have any ties with the BJP in the politics. On the other hand, he has been fighting the lonely battle since the beginning and presently all parties are following the same line.
It is notable that Raj presented his blue print for the overall development of the Maharashtra on September 25, the day the whole nation witnessed the blue print of Maharashtra politics with the collapse of the BJP Shiv Sena alliance and the Congress-NCP combine.
Sanjeev Unhale is a former executive editor of Marathi newspaper Lokmat, Aurangabad. He will be writing on Maharashtra elections for ibnlive.
)

Goodbye  Orkut! Google s first social network shutting down todaySep 30, 2014 at  01:05pm IST
Goodbye, Orkut! Google's first social network shutting down today
64
3
New Delhi: Orkut, Google's first foray into social networking, is closing down today. Announced three months back, Google is going to shut down its early social-networking service, Orkut, on September 30 to focus on its other social networking initiatives.
Orkut was launched ten years ago but has failed to put Google ahead in what has become one of the Web's most popular businesses. The company declined to say how many users Orkut has.
ALSO SEE Ah nostalgia! Log in to Orkut one last time today. These 15 screenshots show how Orkut changed (not) in the last 10 years
"Over the past decade, YouTube, Blogger and Google+ have taken off, with communities springing up in every corner of the world. Because the growth of these communities has outpaced Orkut's growth, we've decided to bid Orkut farewell," Google said in a post on the Orkut blog.
Orkut was launched ten years ago but has failed to put Google ahead in what has become one of the Web's most popular businesses.
ALSO SEE Flashback to 2006: When Orkut was the opium of the Internet masses
The service's shutdown comes as Google's social networking plans remain in question. In April, Vic Gundotra, the head of Google's social networking services, left the company. Gundotra oversaw the 2011 launch of Google+, a social networking service similar to Facebook.
Google has increasingly sought to position Google+ less as a social networking "stream" that competes with Facebook, and more as a means of establishing a unified "user identity" system to improve Google's various Web properties. Last year, for example, Google began requiring users of its YouTube site to sign in with their Google+ identity before posting comments about videos.
The company said it would preserve an archive of all Orkut "communities" that will be available from September 30. "If you don't want your posts or name to be included in the community archive, you can remove Orkut permanently from your Google account," Google said.
You have a couple of hours to export your photo albums from Orkut, save your profile, scraps, and testimonials.
How you can export a photo album from Orkut to Google+:
Orkut users who also have a Google+ account can export their photo albums to Google+.
1. Sign into your Google+ account.
2. Go to http://www.orkut.com/AlbumsExport.
3. Click each album you want to export or Select all.
4. Click Import selected.
You can also save your Orkut profile, scraps, testimonials, and community posts to your computer using Google Takeout
After Orkut shuts down on September 30, you will not be able to log in to Orkut, you will not be able to export your photo albums to Google+, apps, APIs, and games will no longer be available, and public communities will be saved in a publicly viewable Community Archive.
(With inputs from Reuters)

European shares inch higher early; RBS jumpsEuropean shares inch higher early; RBS jumps
Highlights of RBI monetary policy reviewHighlights of RBI monetary policy review
PTI
Following are the highlights of RBI’s bi-monthly monetary policy statement:
Short-term lending (repo) rate unchanged at 8%
Cash reserve ratio unchanged at 4%
SLR retained at 22% to unlock banking funds
Estimates GDP growth at 5.5% for current fiscal
High Q1 GDP may not be sustained in Q2 and Q3
Q4 growth outlook looks promising
Targets 8% CPI inflation by Jan 2015, 6% by Jan 2016
Reduces liquidity under export credit refinance from 32% to 15%
Guidelines on small and payments banks by end-November
RBI to carry forward banking sector reforms
Next bi-monthly policy statement on December 2.
(This article was published on September 30, 2014)
Related

Indian economy set to achieve RBI s inflation target: Guv Raghuram RajanE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Highlights: RBI Guv Raghuram Rajan plumps for status quo on policy ratesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Wolseley lifts payout after profit jumpWolseley upbeat on housing after strong profit jump
By Mark Odell
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8c0cb3f4-486d-11e4-9d04-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

fall 0.2% in SeptemberAnnual house price growth slows to 9.4%, Nationwide says
 
House prices have moved at a different pace in various parts of the UK
The annual rate of house price growth slowed in September to 9.4% from 11% the month before, the Nationwide says.
On a monthly basis, prices were down by 0.2% - the first time that figure has fallen since April 2013.
It said strong regional variations remained, with London and the South continuing to lead the market.
Prices in London are 31% above those reached at the last peak of the market in 2007. Elsewhere, prices are just 1% above pre-crisis levels.
Nationwide says average house prices across the UK have fallen to £188,374.
The average price of a house in London is £401,072.
The interactive content on this page requires JavaScript
UK house prices
Reset
'Uncertain' outlook
The data comes in the week that the Bank of England will announce whether to implement new measures to control house prices - and whether to change the rules for the government's Help to Buy programme.
Even though the monthly figures show house prices falling, they still rose by 1.5% over the quarter.
Robert Gardner, the Nationwide's chief economist, said: "While September saw a slowing in house price growth, the picture on a quarterly basis (July, August and September combined) was still relatively strong, with all thirteen UK regions recording annual price gains."
Mr Gardner said that prices were expected to continue rising in the final months of the year, but this could be at a slower rate.
He said: "The outlook remains uncertain. There have been tentative signs from surveyors and estate agents that buyer demand may be starting to moderate, but the low level of interest rates and strong labour market suggest that underlying demand is likely to remain robust."
 

Sensex Up Over 200 Points  Nifty Above 8 000You are here: Home Market
Sensex Rises Sharply, Nifty Above 8,000 Mark
NDTV | Updated On: September 30, 2014 12:53 (IST)
Markets to Track Winter Session Action: Experts
The BSE Sensex and Nifty recovered sharply from the lows hit after the Reserve Bank kept key policy rated unchanged.
As of 12.30 a.m. The Sensex traded 162 points higher at 26,759 and the Nifty was up 0.56 per cent at 8,003.45.
Rate sensitive sectors like bank, auto and realty also recovered from their day's low. The Bank Nifty was up 0.4 per cent, the CNX Auto index gained 0.95 per cent and the CNX Realty index was up 0.24 per cent.
Although the Reserve Bank kept key rates unchanged, but it said, it would cut the ceiling on bonds that must be kept under the held-to-maturity (HTM) category from the current 24 percent to 22 percent in stages starting in the bi-weekly cycle beginning in January 10, 2015. This move will improve the liquidity situation of banks further.
Among the banks Kotak Mahindra Bank gained the most, which was up over 2 per cent whereas Union Bank of India, Federal Bank and United Bank of India were up over 1 per cent each.
CNX Pharma sub-index gained 1.33 per cent as investors preferred to stay with defensives. Glenmark Pharmaceuticals gained 2 per cent whereas Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy were up over 1.5 per cent each extending their last two day's gains. Including today's gain Sun Pharma has gained over 9 per cent in last three trading sessions.
The broader markets outperformed the Nifty and Sensex as both the BSE Midcap and BSE Small cap index were up over 0.8 per cent each.
Market breadth remained positive as 345 stocks out of the 500 stocks in BSE 500 were up.
Story first published on: September 30, 2014 12:53 (IST)

Bankers have case for deposit rate cut now: Bank of BarodaSep 30, 2014, 03.25 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
With eased liquidity, can bankers cut deposit rates now?
The Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan stayed put on the key policy rates in his fourth bi-monthly credit policy review today, but sounded caution as far as meeting 2016 CPI target was concerned.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
With eased liquidity, can bankers cut deposit rates now?
The Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan stayed put on the key policy rates in his fourth bi-monthly credit policy review today, but sounded caution as far as meeting 2016 CPI target was concerned.
Post your opinion here
Street Signs
In the fourth bi-monthly monetary policy statement, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan today said, “with credit growth falling well below deposit growth in August and September, structural sources of liquidity pressures also eased.” This basically translates into eased liquidity condition in Q2 2014-15.
Over this cooling off of liquidity conditions, Ranjan Dhawan, executive director,  Bank of Baroda says bankers now have a case for cutting deposit rates.
Governor Rajan refrained from taking any action on the key policy rates in his credit policy review today, but sounded caution as far as meeting consumer price index (CPI) target of 6 percent for 2016 was concerned. The central bank believes the macro data point is at risk over late monsoons and volatile geo-political developments.
However, VG Kannan, managing director,  State Bank of India believes that while one can be hopeful of meeting the CPI target, more action is required from the government to rein in this macro data.
“The Governor is trying to push the government to take more action on the inflation front. For example, try to have some control on the hoarding and also allow free movement of goods thereby ensuring the supply is adequate and the inflation starts coming down,” says Kannan.
So, no rate this year?
Kannan and Dhawan believe so. Dhawan rules out any rate cut for the next three to four months and says it will be too early to assume any policy action for January.
Kannan agrees but adds that the likelihood of any easing of rates can come in H2FY2016.
“Maybe in the Q3 you might have a chance based on what is the fiscal which the government is in position to achieve. Oil prices also have come down recently but going forward it may also go up. So, there are so many uncertainties in the market,” he adds.
However, deposit rates may see some cooling off, says Dhawan.
“The yields have been falling and there is little demand for easy credit. So a deposit rate cut could come in, but that will have more to do with weak demand that with this policy,” adds Dhawan.
RELATED NEWS

RBI keeps rates as is  says 2016 CPI target of 6% at riskSep 30, 2014, 03.35 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
RBI keeps rates on hold, says 6% CPI aim for 2016 at risk
The RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan stayed put on the key policy rates in his fourth bi-monthly credit policy review today but sounded caution as far as meeting 2016 inflation target was concerned. The apex bank retained the growth projection for FY15 at 5.5 percent and forecasts FY16 growth at 6.3 percent.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
RBI keeps rates on hold, says 6% CPI aim for 2016 at risk
The RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan stayed put on the key policy rates in his fourth bi-monthly credit policy review today but sounded caution as far as meeting 2016 inflation target was concerned. The apex bank retained the growth projection for FY15 at 5.5 percent and forecasts FY16 growth at 6.3 percent.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
The Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan stayed put on the key policy rates in his fourth bi-monthly credit policy review today, but sounded caution as far as meeting the 2016 CPI target was concerned. The RBI now believes that attaining the projected inflation target of 6 percent by January 2016 is at risk due to expected "food price shocks as the full effects of the monsoon’s passage unfold, and from geo-political developments that could materialise rapidly." The underlying hawkish tone gives scope to conclude that Rajan will settle for a prolonged period of rate inaction .
Speaking to press shortly after announcing the policy, governor Rajan said the headline inflation has been buffetted slightly, but the risks are still towards the upside; hence reaching 6 percent inflation target by 2016 too is at risk. “The future policy stance will be influenced by the RBI’s projections of inflation relative to the medium term objective of 6 percent by January 2016, while being contingent on incoming data,” Rajan said. He said it would be rather easy to meet the 8 percent CPI target for 2018.
"Large and persistent upside pressures on food prices have resulted in their contribution rising to almost 60 percent of headline inflation in August. The full impact of the skewed rainfall distribution carries risks to the future path of food inflation...Future food prices and the timing and magnitude of held back administered price revisions impart some uncertainty to an otherwise improving inflation outlook where lower oil prices, a relatively stable currency, and a negative output gap continue to put downward pressure. Base effects will also temper inflation in the next few months only to reverse towards the end of the year. The Reserve Bank will look through base effects," the policy statement noted.
Meanwhile, key policy rates were left unchanged, which was on the expected lines. Repo rate or the rate at which RBI lends money to banks for short-term, stayed at 8 percent while the cash reserve ratio (CRR) of scheduled banks unchanged at 4.0 percent of net demand and time liabilities. Consequently, the reverse repo rate remains unchanged at 7 percent, and the marginal standing facility (MSF) rate and the Bank Rate at 9 percent.
The RBI also kept the statutory liquidity ratio (SLR) of scheduled commercial banks unchanged at 22 percent of their NDTL.
As far as GDP is concerned, the apex bank retained its growth projection for FY15 at 5.5 percent and forecasted FY16 growth at 6.3 percent. It said the quarterly growth path may slow mildly in Q2 and Q3 before recovering in Q4.
Making a case to cut deposit rate , the RBI noted that credit growth has fallen well below deposit growth in August and September easing liquidity pressures. However, despite liquidity conditions remaining comfortable and deposit growth remaining normal, non food credit growth decelerated in September 2014, the lowest level since June 2001.
The fifth bi-monthly monetary policy statement is scheduled on Tuesday, December 2, 2014.
Posted by

No immediate relief for Jaya  bail plea adjourned to Oct 6No immediate relief for Jaya  bail plea adjourned to Oct 6
Bank of Maharashtra organises 124th SLBC meetingBank of Maharashtra organises 124th SLBC meeting
Auto portal CarDekho acquires Gaadi for undisclosedsumPrint
Posted: September 30, 2014 1:40 pm
Promoters of auto portal CarDekho.com, Girnar Software and ibiboGroup have announced the acquisition of leading auto portal Gaadi.com for an undisclosed amount.
With the combined volumes of CarDekho.com and Gaadi.com exceeding 15 million monthly visitors, this transaction positions GirnarSoft as the #1 player in auto search and lead generation business in India.
The company stated that CarDekho.com and Gaadi.com will continue to run independently and operate as separate businesses. While management teams of each of these entities will continue to build their businesses, GirnarSoft will look to create cross-synergies in product development for consumers and dealers, as well as in back-end operating systems.
Gaadi.com was founded in 2008 and it was acquired in 2011 by the ibiboGroup during the early days of its evolution, and quickly became a leader in the used car segment online.
According to Amit Jain, founder/CEO of GirnarSoft, “Bringing Cardekho.com and Gaadi.com together creates outright market leadership for us in online auto in terms of visitors, dealer base and revenue. CarDekho.com is already #1 in the new car segment, and growing rapidly. The used car strength that Gaadi.com brings to the stable means that we will now be able to offer unparalleled products, services and support to all stakeholders, be it consumers, OEM manufacturers and new and used car dealers.”
Speaking on this occasion, Umang Kumar, co-founder/CEO Gaadi.com said, “This is a great outcome for all stakeholders – IbiboGroup, Gaadi employees and CarDekho. Gaadi.com grew 10x in 3.5 years as a part of IbiboGroup and together with CarDekho we can scale our leadership in the used car business even faster. I had a good time at Ibibo, and hope to have an even better time with CarDekho!”
The core business model of CarDekho and Gaadi involves earnings from lead generation for new and used cars, and media sales on their portals. The two put together boast of more than 2,500 car dealer tie-ups across the country, the largest among auto portals. Besides these, CarDekho helps retail over 4,000 cars per month for eight OEM manufacturers that it partners with.
Ashish Kashyap, CEO of ibiboGroup says, “ibiboGroup wants to focus on online travel sector across its assets: Goibibo.com, TBOGroup, redBus.in and YourBus. ibibo has significant leadership and scale in each of these businesses and would want to further expand in this sector.”
FE Online | The Financial Express
 

PDP MLA Iftikhar Hussain Ansari passesawayPrint
Press Trust of India | Srinagar | Posted: September 30, 2014 1:37 pm | Updated: September 30, 2014 4:54 pm
Opposition PDP MLA in Jammu and Kashmir Assembly and prominent Shia cleric, Moulvi Iftikhar Hussain Ansari died here today following prolonged illness.
He was 74. “Mouvli Iftikhar Ansari died in the wee hours today after battling an ailment for more than a year,” a relative of the deceased PDP leader said.
The four-time MLA from Pattan Assembly segment, Ansari has a huge following amongst Shias in the state. He is survived by his wife, two sons and a daughter. Born on April 26, 1940, he studied Islamic theology in Iran, Egypt and Iraq.
Starting his political career in 1960s, Ansari was nominated as an MLC in 1973 on Congress ticket but switched to Janata Party in 1977. He returned to Congress in 1980s and was chosen as leader of the Legislature party in the State Assembly from 1983 to 1987. He was again elected to the state legislative assembly in 1996 on a Congress ticket and became a minister in the National Conference (NC) government headed by Farooq Abdullah.
Ansari joined the NC in 2002 and was elected from Pattan Assembly segment later that year but quit the party in 2006 to join the PDP. He lost the by-election. The Shia cleric won the election in 2008 on a PDP ticket and was nominated as the party candidate for the forthcoming assembly elections scheduled to be held later this year.
Upon hearing the news of his death, thousands of Ansari’s supporters thronged his residence at Qammarwari in the city. The huge influx of mourners led the authorities to divert traffic between Bemina and Parimpora crossings, causing massive traffic snarls.
Many areas, dominated by Shias, shutdown as a mark of respect to the departed leader.

Web Edit: Is it love lost between Naveen and media inOrissaPrint
Written by Debabrata Mohanty | Bhubaneswar | Posted: September 30, 2014 1:37 pm
For most parts of his rule in last 14 years, chief minister Naveen Patnaik and other leaders of his party Biju Janata Dal hardly had any problems with newspapers and TV channels. There were occasional darts thrown at Naveen by media over some scam, but no one lost their sleep. Naveen was happy giving two-minute soundbytes to waiting camerapersons at Secretariat while his MLAs and ministers were a regular presence in studios of local TV channels.
Fourteen years later and riding brute majority in the Assembly in the 4th successive term, the party suddenly appears to feel besieged from media. At least two of its senior leaders have complained to chief minister and home secretary over mediapersons hounding them out. The government has acted swiftly by clamping down on entry of TV journalists to State Secretariat and imposing several unwritten restrictions on access of accreditated journalists into the chambers of ministers.
The relationship started souring since August when newspapers and TV channels alleged that Rajya Sabha MP and his political advisor Kalpataru Das and his MLA son Pranab Balbantray had acquired several flats from Bhubaneswar Development Authority under discretionary quota through false affidavits. Under sustained fire, Kalpataru’s son had to return two of his flats, but soon there were allegations of his involvement in landgrabbing incident on the outskirts of Bhubaneswar.
The Revenue and disaster management minister too found himself in a controversy after allegations that the house he was staying in Bhubaneswar for last 17 years, was actually allotted to his doctor wife for running a nursing home. The government served notice on the minister while Routray unsuccessfully tried to turn his house into a ‘nursing home’ overnight by hanging a plaque outside. Naveen was embarrassed further when senior party MLA Pravat Tripathy was interrogated by CBI on September 16 evening for over 6 hours.
On September 15 noon, revenue minister Routray turned physical with mediapersons in his chamber when TV crew of a few channels entered his chamber in State Secretariat to seek his views on alleged landgrabbing incidents involving leaders of his party. Routray almost threw the assembled mediapersons out of his chamber.
The TV journalists then sat on dharna outside his room protesting his action. Next day, former party chief whip and Banki MLA Pravat Tripathy was chased by mediapersons when he came out of CBI office after a marathon interrogation session over chit fund group Artha Tatwa. During the chase, Tripathy slipped and fell which led to an altercation between his men and journalists.
The matter may have been forgotten, but for complaints lodged by Routray and Tripathy. In a complaint to home secretary on September 15, Routray said that when he refused to give statement to the TV journalists on landgrabbing issue, they uttered provocative language. “They did not even allow me to go to toilet and threatened me that they would sit in front of my office chamber on strike if I do not give any statement. The incident shows blatant violation of minimum ethics by the electronic mediapersons continued…

I HEREBY DECLARE: PrithvirajChavanFormer CM of Maharashtra Prithviraj Chavan.
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 30, 2014 1:29 pm | Updated: September 30, 2014 1:36 pm
Former Chief Minister of Maharashtra Prithviraj Chavan filed his nomination papers and disclosed his assets on Monday.
Here’s the infographic showing the breakup:

Two reasons markets are cheering RBI policy | Sensex up a 200 ptsTwo reasons markets cheered RBI policy before closing the day on a flat note
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 30, 2014, 03.33PM IST
Tags:
Axis Capital
(The market has surged higher…)
MUMBAI: The Reserve Bank of India's policy fourth bi-monthly monetary policy review meet was a non-event. The central bank has left the key policy rates unchanged, as expected my economists and bankers.
However, the market has surged higher after the policy meeting led by gains in rate sensitive sectors such as capital goods, banks, auto and realty.
The market is taking cues from Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan's comments that CPI target of 6 per cent by January 2016 can be met even though there is significant upside risk to it.
According to the Governor, there are number of disinflationary factors underway such as lower crude prices and relatively stable rates are positive for inflation.
However there are some uncertainties on the evolvement of inflation. He said it needs to be seen how food inflation will evolve over time as headline inflation is buffeted by food inflation.
The RBI may ease interest rates if CPI inflation comes below 6 per cent before January 2016. If inflation moves above 6 per cent in the same period then the central bank may be forced to hike rates as well.
"We expect inflation to continue falling in the coming months due to benign global commodity prices on the one hand as well as the government's focus to bring down food and wage inflation by avoiding inflationary impulses from sharp MSP price hikes, etc," said Dinesh Thakkar, Chairman & Managing Director, Angel Broking.
"Hence, we expect that in the coming 6-12 months, we are headed for lower inflation and therefore interest rates, which should be a key positive catalyst for investments, growth and capital markets ," Thakkar added.
There is another little change that has been made by the Reserve Bank that might enthuse markets. The limit on short sale for liquidity bonds has been increased to 0.75 from 0.50.
According to Nilesh Shah, MD & CEO, Axis Capital , hiking limit on short sale for liquidity bonds will help markets
"In a cycle where people expect interest rates to cut eventually if not immediately, it is unlikely that most people will be happy to build long-term short positions. I doubt people will be willing to use it in the near to medium term but certainly from a market point of view, this is an encouraging enabling provision," he told ET NOW.
The RBI is reducing ceiling on SLR securities under HTM from 24 per cent to 22 per cent in phased manner. This move will have an impact on the banks.
"Partial decrease in HTM limits is also driven by the liquidity coverage ratio. Clearly that will be the driver for the consideration of decreasing the HTM limit so that the excess SLR can be used for improving liquidity coverage ratio," Shah added.
At 01:05 p.m.; the Nifty was at 8,018, up 59.10 points or 0.74 per cent. It touched a high of 8,030.90 and a low of 7,943.75 in trade today.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Gold poised for worst month in fifteen on dollar strengthSep 30, 2014, 01.29 PM IST  | Source: Reuters
Gold poised for worst month in fifteen on dollar strength
The precious metal is down about 5.5 percent for the month after hitting a nine-month low of USD 1,206.85 last week. Gold is also on track to post its first quarterly loss of the year, though it is still up about 1 percent for the year.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Gold poised for worst month in fifteen on dollar strength
The precious metal is down about 5.5 percent for the month after hitting a nine-month low of USD 1,206.85 last week. Gold is also on track to post its first quarterly loss of the year, though it is still up about 1 percent for the year.
Post your opinion here
 
Gold held steady above a nine-month low on Tuesday as Asian equities remained unsettled by political unrest in Hong Kong, but was poised to post its sharpest monthly loss since June 2013 as a rapid climb in the dollar dimmed its appeal.
The precious metal is down about 5.5 percent for the month after hitting a nine-month low of USD 1,206.85 last week. Gold is also on track to post its first quarterly loss of the year, though it is still up about 1 percent for the year.
"The pressure is definitely on for gold to end the year in the red," said Howie Lee, investment analyst at Phillip Futures.
"We see little in the way to stop gold's downward slide, given that the Fed has made clear its intention to hike (rates) sooner than later and the Ukraine tensions have reached a fragile ceasefire," Lee said, adding that a strong dollar will also weigh.
The US Federal Reserve indicated earlier this month that it could raise borrowing costs faster than expected when it starts moving, which could boost the dollar and hurt non-interest-bearing bullion.
Also read:  Gold demand will increase, says World Gold Council
Spot gold edged up USD 1 to USD 1,216.71 an ounce by 0627 GMT, after dipping in the last two sessions.
Silver was set for a third monthly loss in a row, while platinum was headed for its worst monthly decline since June 2013 with a drop of about 8 percent.
Palladium was the biggest loser in the group with a 12 percent loss - its worst month in three years.
The dollar climbed to a four-year peak against a basket of major currencies in September, helped by strong US economic data and the Fed's outlook on higher interest rates. It is on track to post its biggest monthly gain in well over a year.
A stronger greenback makes the dollar-denominated precious metals more expensive for holders of other currencies. Investors tend to withdraw from commodities and emerging market assets to seek higher yields in US assets when the dollar gains.
Investors were also watching political unrest in Hong Kong for any worsening of tensions as that could lead to safe-haven bids for gold. Equities have already taken a hit from the protests.
Tens of thousands of pro-democracy protesters blocked Hong Kong streets on Tuesday, maintaining pressure on China as it faces one of its biggest political challenges since the Tiananmen Square crackdown 25 years ago.
Some Hong Kong dealers were worried that retail sales of jewellery could take a hit, especially during the one-week National Day holiday that begins on Wednesday.
The holiday is usually a busy period that retailers rely on for a boost to their sales due to the influx of tourists from China.
"Some jewellery shops have been closed completely or some are closing early due to the protests," said a dealer in Hong Kong. "It does look like there will be a small impact on sales if the protests continue for long."
RELATED NEWS

Rajan softens stance on Jan Dhan  says it s a welcome schemeHi Guest
Rajan softens stance on Jan Dhan, says it's a welcome scheme
Prime Minister Narendra Modi addressing at the launch of the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana, in New Delhi. Photograph: Kind Courtesy, PIB Softening his stance on the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana, Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan on Tuesday said he is not worried about the quality of KYC for opening new accounts and welcomed the financial inclusion scheme. "We welcome the Jan Dhan Yojana, it is part of RBI's plan to get universal access," he told a press conference called for ...

Sensex  Nifty flat after RBI leaves rate unchangedSensex  Nifty flat after RBI leaves rate unchanged
Santaram Spinners: Outcome of AGMSep 30, 2014, 01.57 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Santaram Spinners: Outcome of AGM
Santaram Spinners Ltd has informed BSE that the 30th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Santaram Spinners: Outcome of AGM
Santaram Spinners Ltd has informed BSE that the 30th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Santaram Spinners Ltd has informed BSE that the 30th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Tricom India: Outcome of AGMSep 30, 2014, 01.57 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Tricom India: Outcome of AGM
Tricom India Ltd has informed BSE that the 22nd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Tricom India: Outcome of AGM
Tricom India Ltd has informed BSE that the 22nd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Tricom India Ltd has informed BSE that the 22nd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Lippi Systems: Outcome of AGMSep 30, 2014, 01.57 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Lippi Systems: Outcome of AGM
Lippi Systems Ltd has informed BSE that the 21st Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Lippi Systems: Outcome of AGM
Lippi Systems Ltd has informed BSE that the 21st Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Lippi Systems Ltd has informed BSE that the 21st Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

iPhone 6 sports the best camera ever: ReportiPhone 6 sports the best camera ever: Report
India Today.in        Last Updated: September 27, 2014  | 13:44 IST
Apple's latest iPhones have an 8-megapixel rear camera. In terms of numbers, this pales in front of the Xperia Z3 camera, which has a 20-megapixel image sensor. But when it comes to cameras, megapixels rarely matter. What matters is how well the camera uses these pixels.
According to a report by DxO Mark, a website that exclusively focuses on thorough testing of cameras, the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus excel at shooting images and videos. In fact, according to the report these two phones pack in the best performing cameras ever seen in a mobile phone.
"Achieving the highest overall DxOMark Mobile score to date of 82 points each, the Apple iPhone 6 and 6 Plus tie in first place wresting the coveted top spot from Samsung S5 and Sony Xperia Z3 /Z2 each with 79 points," notes the website.
Interestingly, in video recording performance DxOMark gave one point less to the iPhone 6 Plus compared to the iPhone 6 that scored 80 points. This is unexpected because the bigger iPhone has Optical Image Stabilisation (OIS) that should have helped it shoot sharper footage.
But DxO Mark said, "We have observed a video stabilization artefact, on the iPhone 6 Plus, most likely linked to the OIS control that lead to a video stabilisation score slightly lower for the iPhone 6 Plus than for the iPhone 6."

Hong Kong police use tear gas on  OccupyPolice use tear gas as 'Occupy' comes to Hong Kong
By Sophia Yan and Charles Riley   @CNNMoney September 29, 2014: 10:21 AM ET
 
Hong Kong's own 'Occupy' enters day two
HONG KONG (CNNMoney)
Key traffic arteries in Hong Kong remained blocked Monday after a forceful crackdown by police failed to dislodge pro-democracy protesters from the streets of the financial capital.
Police fired volley after volley of tear gas at protesters on Sunday, an unusually heavy-handed response that appeared only to galvanize public support and draw thousands of additional demonstrators into the streets.
The protesters want free and open elections in the Chinese territory, while Beijing has proposed a process that would allow it to screen candidates for the city's top office.
The most visible pro-democracy group -- Occupy Central With Love and Peace -- had planned to launch a campaign of civil disobedience actions designed to snarl traffic and disrupt operations in the city's business district starting Wednesday.
But the group was jolted to a start after student demonstrations gained momentum over the weekend. At the protest's peak, tens of thousands of protesters jammed the streets around city government headquarters.
The protesters, many of them students, donned homemade masks of goggles and plastic wrap in an effort to protect against pepper spray and tear gas.
The movement has been dubbed the "Umbrella Revolution" on social media after protesters used umbrellas to shield themselves.
Many protestors are upset that city officials haven't done more to recognize the movement or safeguard the rights of Hong Kong people.
"My biggest concern is that the [Hong Kong] government is not there to fight for us," said Kristy Lee, a 16-year-old student. Hong Kong Chief Executive CY Leung "is just working for the government of China -- he doesn't really listen to us, even though we fight for so long. That's why we are here -- we have to speak for ourselves."
Some university professors have canceled lectures in order to join students. Many primary and secondary schools were also closed, along with some banks. On the streets, supporters worked to distribute donated food and drinks to the protesters.
"We uphold democracy, freedom of speech, freedom of assembly," said university student Aaron Koo, 20. "By all means, [the protests] will be good for the reputation of Hong Kong. Who should be ashamed? The government of Hong Kong, but not the Hong Kong people."
Others say they're also protesting to bring attention to social inequality. "We cannot afford [an apartment], we could not have a shelter [even though] we work all the time," said Kaley Lau, 25, who works as a nurse.
Lau said she asked for time off in advance prior to this week in order to participate in the protests.
"Inequality has become bigger and bigger -- that's why we all have to stand out and tell the government how we feel," said Ken Tsui, a 36-year-old movie director. "All the policies [are] leaning to the top tier of the rich -- this is not healthy, and they will keep doing this, so we have to stop it right now."
Supporters said they feel it's necessary to speak out now. "I have to do something right now to protect my [future] sons, my grandsons, my family, my future," said hospital worker Nickel Lau, 25. "Because maybe if I don't do it now, later I cannot do anything."
While protests are common in Hong Kong, the deployment of riot police and the use of tear gas is unusual. Police said they had arrested 78 people.
"Hong Kong people [have] quite good self-control -- they clean, they help each other, they clean the rubbish," said Tobey Tang, 30. "They try to just sit here, don't fight with the police."
Protesters continued to crowd several key points across the city on Monday morning, even occupying a stretch of Nathan Road, one of the busiest streets in Kowloon. "We try to make some noise so the whole world can know our situation," said Kaley Lau.
"This issue will affect the economy," Kaley Lau said. "If the government turns so bad, Hong Kong will lose its attractiveness -- it's the system which attracts foreigners to invest with us."
While Hong Kong's exchange was functioning normally on Monday, the benchmark Hang Seng Index was trading sharply lower, giving up close to 2%. The Hong Kong Monetary Authority said it was prepared to provide additional liquidity as needed.
"I don't mean that we hate China," said Tang. "We [are] still both Chinese; we [are] still family, but we need policy to make life in Hong Kong more easy."
First Published: September 29, 2014: 2:19 AM ET
Most Popular

 At Business Breakfast  PM Modi Says India Wants ChangeCommercial Mining of Coal to be Allowed After Auction: Finance Minister
New York: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday said he wants to convert the Supreme Court judgment on coal allocation into an "opportunity to move forward and clean up the past", as he wooed CEOs of large American companies to invest in India in key sectors including infrastructure.
Hosting a breakfast for 11 CEOs, including Indian-origin PepsiCo CEO Indra Nooyi, Google Chairman Eric Schmidt and Citigroup chief Michael Corbat, Mr Modi said India is open-minded and wants the change, which is "not one-sided".
Listening to concerns raised by the business leaders, Mr Modi assured them that his government will address their issues and try to make the environment in India more business-friendly.
Describing the meeting as "excellent and very good", all business leaders, including Ms Nooyi and Mr Corbat, said that the Prime Minister heard their concerns and listed out the priority areas of his government to take forward the India story to higher levels.
"(We) want to convert the Supreme Court judgment on coal allocation into an opportunity to move forward and clean up the past," Mr Modi told the CEOs.
The Supreme Court last week quashed allocation of 214 out of 218 coal blocks allotted to various companies since 1993 terming it as "fatally flawed".
Mr Modi's observation comes in the backdrop of concerns that the judgment would have an adverse impact on corporate sentiments and overall business climate.
"India is open-minded. We want change. Change that is not one sided. Am discussing with citizens, industrialists & investors," the spokesman of the Ministry of External Affairs Syed Akbaruddin tweeted, quoting Mr Modi as said at the meeting. The Prime Minister also told the business leaders that "infrastructure development is a big opportunity; it creates jobs and enhances quality of life of our citizens."
Those present at the breakfast meeting also included MasterCard CEO Ajay Banga, Cargill's President and CEO David W MacLennan, Caterpillar's Douglas Oberhelman, AES' Andres Gluski, Merck's Kenneth Frazier, Co-founder and Co-CEO of Carlyle Group David Rubenstein, Hospira's Michael Ball and Warburg Pincus' Charles Kaye.
Significantly, all companies already have considerable presence in India and their chiefs are believed to have expressed intention to further expand their engagements with the Indian government and enhance their business presence in the country.
After the meeting, Mr Banga said that the Prime Minister listed out areas like tourism, skill development and infrastructure as his key focus areas.
The over one-hour-long breakfast meet was followed by one-on-one meetings with CEOs of Boeing, KKR, BlackRock, IBM, General Electric and Goldman Sachs.
This is the first extensive business engagement in the US of the Prime Minister, who will also attend business meets in Washington tomorrow during his second leg of the five-day visit.
Story first published on: September 29, 2014 20:23 (IST)

Talking about democracy: Defiant Hong Kong protesters won t budgeprint
Riot police fire tear gas on student protesters occupying streets surrounding the government headquarters in Hong Kong. (AP Photo)
Beijing on Tuesday continued to call “umbrella revolution” in Hong Kong as illegal and covered reports on the mass agitation in the country’s financial hub in a web of censorship.
State media carried few reports on protests or the scale of the agitation; English newspapers carried opinion pieces criticising the events that have erupted in the financial hub, designated as a “special administrative zone” (SAR) by Beijing.
Visuals from Hong Kong telecast live on CNN and BBC were repeatedly blocked on Tuesday morning. The news bulletins resumed soon after these two channels would begin reporting other news.
Words related to the protests were blacked out from the Internet on the Mainland; some reports and users said the popular photo loading application Instagram had also being blocked.
But according to a Reuters report, the censors had not blocked the phrase “umbrella revolution” till Tuesday.
“Chinese Internet users were still able to post under the hashtag "Umbrella Revolution" in Chinese and English on Sina Weibo, China's popular Twitter-like microblogging service, on Monday and Tuesday,” the report said.
Umbrellas, a rather modest household item, have become the symbol of the agitation after protesters used them as shield against tear gas shells and pepper spray lobbed and fired at them by the riot police on Sunday.
Foreign ministry spokesperson, Hua Chunying, said Tuesday Beijing was in full support of the HK government and was confident issue of the “illegal” protests and activities could be resolved.
She warned foreign government from interfering in China’s internal affairs and influencing events in Hong Kong.
Rights groups, meanwhile, said that Beijing had the opportunity to usher in true stability in Hong Kong.
“They (the people of Hong Kong) are rejecting the August 31, 2014 decision of the National People’s Congress Standing Committee on the “selection” of the Chief Executive, which requires candidates to be endorsed by a majority of a Beijing-controlled nominating committee,” the Hong Kong-based Human Rights in China said in a statement.
The statement added: “Leaders in Beijing now face a historic test and a historic opportunity to advance genuine social stability and democracy in Hong Kong. Will they make the same tragic mistake again or demonstrate true leadership by listening to the voices of the people?”

Modi  Obama vow to boost ties  create model for worldModi, Obama vow to boost strategic ties, create model for world
David Brunnstrom     Washington   Last Updated: September 30, 2014  | 12:00 IST
Photo: http://www.apexchange.com/
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and US President Barack Obama vowed on Monday to expand and deepen their countries' strategic partnership and make it a model for the rest of the world.
In a joint "vision statement" issued after their first meeting at a White House dinner, the two leaders said they would work together "not just for the benefit of both our nations, but for the benefit of the world."
They said their countries would cooperate in security and fight terrorism and back a "rules based" global order in which India assumes greater multilateral responsibility, including a reformed UN Security Council.
They also vowed to work together against the threat posed by climate change and to cooperate to address the consequences of unchecked pollution.
"We have a vision that the United States and India will have a transformative relationship as trusted partners in the 21st century. Our partnership will be a model for the rest of the world," the "vision statement" said.
The two leaders also said the two countries would work to ensure that economic growth brought better livelihoods for all people and stressed the importance of open markets and fair and transparent practices to allow trade to flourish.
The United States has been keen to expand business and security ties with India, which is sees as a key counterbalance to an increasingly assertive China in Asia. Obama has backed Delhi's bid to become a permanent member of the UN Security Council.
However, so far the relationship has failed to live up to his declaration in 2010 that it would become "one of the defining partnerships of the 21st Century."
Modi, who came to power in May, has received a warm welcome in the United States, even though he was denied a visa in 2005 over rioting in his home state three years earlier killed more than 1,000 people, mainly Muslims. Modi, denies any wrongdoing and has been exonerated by the Supreme Court probe.
Modi has maintained a frantic schedule during his visit, which began on Friday, even though he is fasting in accordance with Navratri and drank only warm water at the White House dinner.
As part of an effort to spur foreign investment, he met more than a dozen US corporate leaders earlier on Monday and told them he was committed to liberalizing country's economy, which has underperformed other emerging markets recently after years of breakneck growth.
On Saturday, Modi addressed the UN General Assembly and then appeared before some 60,000 people at a musical event in New York's Central Park aimed at ending global poverty and bringing essentials such as sanitation to all.
On Sunday, he received a rapturous welcome from a big crowd of Indian-Americans in an appearance in New York's Madison Square Garden arena.
He will hold further talks with Obama and his administration on Tuesday.
(Reuters)

Future Policies Will Be Data Contingent: Raghuram RajanCommercial Mining of Coal to be Allowed After Auction: Finance Minister
The Reserve Bank of India on Tuesday kept its benchmark repo rate unchanged at 8 per cent. Addressing a press conference RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan said inflation scenario has improved since August but there are upside risks to the 6 per cent inflation target rate by 2016.
Highlights:
We are currently positioned to reach 6% CPI target by January 2016
RBI policy will be data contingent
There are upside risks to the 6% inflation target
No change in goal of reaching 6% inflation target by January 2016
Inflation scenario has improved since August
Data developments since August have been positive
6% aim tougher than 8% inflation target
As government finances improve, SLR will be brought down
SLR cut will be a measured process
Plenty of liquid securities with banks
Too early to say that expected real rates are positive now
Major reforms in coal sector could pave the way for its higher availability
Impact of banks from coal block cancellations needs to be worked out
The real issue is putting assets healthy
RBI foreign exchange reserves changes primarily to due exchange rate fluctuation, not RBI selling dollars
Not overly concerned over real estate prices, expect in a few places where it is frothy
Loan growth to real estate sector quite strong
Not focused on any particular value on dollar/rupee. Want to curb volatility
 

Fresh eruption fears halt Japan volcano searchFresh eruption fears halt Japan volcano search
AFP
print
Volcanic tremors and fears over a fresh eruption forced rescuers with gas masks to halt operations to recover bodies from a Japanese mountain on Tuesday, 72 hours after its eruption.
Vulcanologists warned of the possibility of another major explosion at the 3,067-metre (10,121-foot) Mount Ontake, noting tremors have become larger.
At least 36 people are known to have died in the eruption, with the bodies of 24 of them still on the volcano. About 60 people suffered injuries.
Climbers descend Mount Ontake in central Japan Sunday morning. (AP Photo)
"Ground search operations resumed at 6:20 am but were suspended at 7:05 am due to volcanic tremors," said a crisis-management official at the Nagano prefectural government.
"Rescue workers started climbing and they are on standby," he said, adding the exact number of rescue workers on the volcano was not immediately available.
A spokesman at the Nagano prefectural police confirmed officers were ready to re-start their search as soon as conditions allow.
"They are standing by while being prepared to evacuate in any emergency," he said.
The mountain erupted without warning during a busy hiking weekend, spewing gas, rocks and ash high into an autumn-blue sky.
Hundreds of hikers were caught on the slopes of the volcano, with dozens trapped on the peak by flying rocks and hot, toxic gases.
Steam and sulphureous gases continued Tuesday to billow from the ruptured crater of Japan's second-highest active volcano.
Volcanic tremors have been detected repeatedly since Saturday's eruption, with underground water boiling into steam and breaking or moving rocks, a vulcanologist at the meteorological agency said.
"The shakes have became bigger (since early Tuesday), prompting worries over possible secondary casualties" if there is a fresh explosion, he said.
Search operations have been hampered throughout by rocketing levels of poisonous gas pouring from the volcano.
More than 800 firefighters, police and troops were set to be engaged in the search Tuesday.
A Japanese army official who took part in the search has said rescuers have been wearing helmets, bullet-proof vests, goggles and masks to protect themselves from any fresh eruption. The meteorological agency has warned that volcanic debris may settle as far as four kilometres (2.5 miles) from the peak.

RBI Chief Says on Course to Reach Inflation TargetsYou are here: Home Economy
RBI Chief Says on Course to Reach Inflation Targets
Reuters | Updated On: September 30, 2014 12:10 (IST)
Commercial Mining of Coal to be Allowed After Auction: Finance Minister
Mumbai: India's economy is currently positioned to reach Reserve Bank of India's 6 per cent inflation target by January 2016, but there is a lot more confidence about reaching a near-term target of 8 per cent by January next year, Governor Raghuram Rajan said after a policy review on Tuesday.
The RBI kept its key policy repo rate unchanged at 8.0 per cent as widely expected, while expressing concerns about risks to its target to bring consumer inflation down to 6 per cent by January 2016.
Turning to regulatory issues, Dr Rajan said the central bank is in the process of modifying the definition of "wilful defaulters" so that company directors are culpable.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Flipkart joins hands with PC JewellersFlipkart joins hands with PC Jewellers to start online jewellery business
IANS     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 30, 2014  | 12:46 IST
Picture for representation only. (Source: Reuters)
In order to create a platform for online jewellery shopping, e-commerce portal Flipkart has joined hands with PC Jewellers.
The focus will be on replicating online on Flipkart the comfort, convenience and brilliance associated with shopping at PC Jewellers' luxury large format showroom, a statement issued by the companies said in New Delhi on Monday.
"We are focussed on our online jewellery brand 'Wear Your Shine' by PC Jeweller and going forward, we would also like to work with Flipkart towards creating a seamless offline-online integration wherein customers get a flexibility to buy online and exchange/ return offline across over 46 plus showrooms of PC Jewellers.
"We see online jewellery sales becoming a huge market in the next few years, contributing a good share to our business," said PC Jewellers executive director and chief operating officer RK Sharma.
"We are confident that precious jewellery, as a category, has huge potential, if done right. The association of Flipkart and PC Jewellers, both names that are trusted widely by customers, is well positioned to take online jewellery shopping to the next level," said Flipkart's senior vice president, retail, Kalyan Krishnamurthy.

Microsoft to set up cloud data centre in IndiaYou are here: Home > Collections > Microsoft
Microsoft to set up 3 data centres in India by 2015
ET Bureau Oct 1, 2014, 05.57AM IST
Tags:
Amazon
(Nadella did not disclose…)
NEW DELHI: Microsoft plans to offer its commercial and cloud services - Azure and Office 365 - from three local data centres by the end of 2015, making it the first technology company to set up cloud data centres in India, a move that experts say will help the US-based software giant compete better in the domestic market.
"When we think about the cloud opportunity in India itself, it is going to be a $2 trillion opportunity," chief executive Satya Nadella said in Delhi on Tuesday, adding that the move will help Indian companies, government and entrepreneurs. Without disclosing the investment involved in setting up the data centres, Nadella said they will have "sizeable" capacity.
The announcement is significant given that the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party has been vocal about bringing local data centres to India to maintain data sovereignty. Besides, a large number of Indian enterprises have increasingly voiced concerns about hosting their data on the public cloud because none of the major players such as Amazon Web Services, Microsoft or Google have cloud data centres in India.
"I think in two or three years, when the servers come to India, the public cloud market will become more interesting because now there are some territorial issues in holding the data in the country," Jagdish Belwal, CIO at Tata Motors, which currently uses Amazon Web Services, told ET in a recent interview.
Competition in the cloud market is increasing, with players such as IBM spending millions of rupees advertising its Softlayer cloud and Oracle making a push in the Indian market with the announcement of several new cloud offerings for different industries. Microsoft's move to set up a local data centre will give the company "more muscle" to compete in the cloud services market and "Office 365 could see higher adoption", according to Vishal Tripathi, principal research analyst at Gartner.
FEATURED ARTICLES

GAIL  HPCL heads in race to be CEO of the YearYou are here: Home > Collections > Companies
GAIL Chairman Bhuwan Chandra, HPCL head Nishi Vasudeva in race for CEO of the Year Award
PTI Sep 30, 2014, 01.01PM IST
Tags:
Bhuwan Chandra Tripathi
(Tripathi and Vasudeva are…)
NEW DELHI: State gas utility GAIL India Ltd Chairman Bhuwan Chandra Tripathi and Hindustan Petroleum Corp Ltd head Nishi Vasudeva are among a dozen chief executives of global energy majors shortlisted for this year's Platts CEO of the Year.
Tripathi and Vasudeva are vying with CEOs of Chinese energy giants for the award which will be presented on December 11 in New York.
Chengyu Fu, Chairman of China Petroleum Corp or Sinopec Group, the largest Asian refiner, and Fanrong Li, Chief Executive Officer and President of CNOOC Ltd, China's biggest offshore oil and gas explorer, are among the shortlist, Platts said on its website.
Other shortlisted chief executives include Abdulrahman Ali Al-Abdulla of Muntajat, Peabody Energy's Gregory Boyce, Pailin Chuchottaworn of PTT Public Company Ltd, Repsol's Antonio Brufau and Ian Taylor of Vitol.
Praj Industries Ltd head Pramod Chaudhari is among the shortlist for Lifetime Achievement Award.
State-owned Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC) is vying with BP, Cnooc, Royal Dutch Shell and Peabody Energy, among others, for the Exploration & Production Company of the Year award
GAIL is competing with Mexico's Pemex, Muntajat, Nord Stream AG and PTT Global Chemical Public Company Ltd for the Midstream Company of the Year award.
Cairn India, Sasol and Tata Power Delhi Distribution Ltd are in the race with US energy firm Anadarko Petroleum Company, Pemex Gas, Spain's Repsol and Thai Oil Public Company Ltd for Corporate Social Responsibility Award, Platts said.
"Finalists were chosen from a list of nearly 250 nominations, based on their performance for each category's criteria within the designated time frame... Winners of the 2014 Global Energy Awards will be announced at a black-tie celebration on December 11 at the Waldorf Astoria in New York City," it said.
The Energy Company of the Year will be selected from the entire list of finalists by the independent panel of judges including former regulators, past heads of major energy companies, leading academics and international energy experts.
FEATURED ARTICLES

RBI keeps key rates unchanged in policy review | 5 takeawaysRBI keeps key rates unchanged in monetary policy review
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 30, 2014, 11.03AM IST
Tags:
Raghuram Rajan
(Although Rajan's stance…)
NEW DELHI: In line with market expectations, Reserve Bank of India on Tuesday kept the repo rate unchanged at 8%. The central bank also kept CRR, SLR unchanged. The reverse repo rate was also maintained at status quo of 7%.
However, it said it would cut the ceiling on bonds that must be held-to-maturity from the current 24 percent to 22 percent in stages starting in the bi-weekly cycle beginning in Jan. 10, 2015. It expects to complete the process by September 2015.
"For the near-term objective, the risks around the baseline path of inflation are broadly balanced, though with a slant to the downside. However, the undershooting of the objective may be temporary because of base effects. Turning to the medium-term objective (6 per cent by January 2016) the balance of risks is still to the upside, though somewhat lower than in the last policy statement," said Raghuram Rajan .
"This continues to warrant policy preparedness to contain pressures if the risks materialise. Therefore, the future policy stance will be influenced by the Reserve Bank's projections of inflation relative to the medium term objective (6 per cent by January 2016), while being contingent on incoming data," Rajan explained.
According to RBI, the momentum of activity in all sectors of the economy is yet to stabilize. "Agriculture should shed the effects of recent shocks and pick up in Q4 of 2014-15. Industrial activity will await improvement in the business environment and the resumption of consumption and investment demand before gaining sustained speed. Post-monsoon revival in construction activity and the likely strengthening of momentum in business and financial services should sustain the recent signs of expansion in the services sector," RBI said in its statement.
"The key to a turnaround in the growth path of the economy in the second half of the year is a revival in investment activity - in greenfield as well as brownfield stalled projects - supported by fiscal consolidation, stronger export performance and sustained disinflation. With expectations of these conditions remaining broadly unchanged, the projection of growth for 2014-15 is retained at 5.5 per cent within a range of 5 to 6 per cent around this central estimate. The quarterly growth path may slow mildly in Q2 and Q3 before recovering in Q4," the statement added.
The Governor also said the final guidelines on small banks and payments banks will be issued by end-November, while the final norms with regard to the changes in the regulatory framework for NBFCs will be introduced by end-October.
Rajan reduced the liquidity provided under the export credit refinance (ECR) facility from 32 per cent of eligible export credit outstanding to 15 per cent with effect from October 10.
RBI, however, continued to provide liquidity under overnight repo at 0.25 per cent at the LAF repo rate and liquidity under 7-day and 14-day term repos of up to 0.75 per cent through auctions.
Inflation as measured by the consumer price index in August slowed to 7.80% from 7.96% in July. Wholesale price index-based inflation also fell in August--to 3.47%, near a five-year low.
Rajan, who has raised rates thrice since last September, has been adamant that the back of inflation needs to be broken if the country has to get back to the path of sustainable, high economic growth.
(With inputs from PTI & Reuters)
FEATURED ARTICLES

China approves iPhone 6 sale after security ...China approves iPhone 6 sale after Apple addresses security concerns
By Reuters | 30 Sep, 2014, 08.42AM IST
The iPhone 6 had been released in other countries, including the United States, on September 19 but Apple did not give a release data for China.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BEIJING: The iPhone 6 will be sold in China from Oct 17, after rigorous regulator scrutiny led to Apple Inc reassuring the Chinese government that the smartphones did not have security "backdoors" through which US agencies can access users' data.
Apple won approval to sell the phones after also addressing risks of personal information leaks related to the operating system's diagnostic tools, China's Ministry of Industry and Information Technology (MIIT) said on its website on Tuesday.
The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus were released on Sept 19 in the United States and elsewhere, but regulatory delay meant Chinese consumers had to wait. The initial lack of a China launch date caught analysts by surprise because of Apple's repeated comments about the importance of the world's biggest smartphone market.
Apple and other American technology companies have been subject to greater scrutiny in China after former US National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden last year revealed spying and surveillance campaigns, including programmes that obtained private data through US technology firms.
In July, Chinese state media accused Apple of providing user data to US agencies and called for 'severe punishment'. Apple responded by publicly denying the existence of backdoors .
The notice of approval for the iPhone 6 could potentially mark the ministry's first for a specific smartphone, suggesting Apple is subject to more scrutiny than its peers in a year in which the US tech giant will release a new phone on all three of China's major mobile networks for the first time.
BACKDOORS
The MIIT said it conducted "rigorous security testing" on the iPhone 6 and held talks with Apple on the issue, and that Apple shared with the ministry materials related to the potential security issues.
One of the concerns the MIIT raised was over a third party's ability to take control of a computer that had been given trusted access to the phone by a user. They also queried Apple on the ability of staff repairing iPhones to access user data through background services.
Apple told the MIIT it had adopted new security measures in its latest smartphone operating system, iOS 8, and promised that it had never installed backdoors into its products or services to allow access for any government agency in any country, the MIIT said.
Apple earlier this month was hiring a head of law enforcement in Beijing to deal with user data requests from China's government, after it last month began storing private data on Chinese soil for the first time.
1.27 BILLION SUBSCRIBERS
With regulatory approval from the world's largest smartphone market, analysts expect the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus to sell well in China, where many people prefer phones with larger screens.
The phone will be made available on all three of China's state-owned wireless carriers: China Mobile Ltd, China Unicom Hong Kong Ltd and China Telecom Corp Ltd . Together, the three had more than 1.27 billion mobile subscribers in August.
"iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus customers will have access to high-speed mobile networks from China Mobile, China Telecom and China Unicom," Apple Chief Executive Tim Cook said in a press release on Tuesday.
The iPhone 6 will be available in gold, silver and grey with a suggested retail price of 5,288 yuan ($860.16) for the cheapest model with 16GB of storage. The iPhone 6 Plus, in the same colours, will be 6,088 yuan ($990.29) for the cheapest model, also with 16GB of storage. The most expensive iPhone 6 Plus with 128GB storage will be 7,788 yuan ($1,266.82).
The phones will also be available online and by reservation from Apple stores.
Apple sold a record 10 million iPhone 6 handsets in the first weekend after their launch, which excluded China. Last year, the US tech firm sold 9 million iPhone 5S and 5C models in 11 countries, including China, in the same period.
The Cupertino, California-based company said iPhone sales in China grew 50 per cent during in April-June from a year earlier, effectively salvaging an otherwise lacklustre quarter. The strong sales came despite signs that Chinese consumers were waiting for the next-generation iPhone 6, analysts said.

BJP MLAs stage dharnaUpdated: September 30, 2014 13:48 IST
BJP MLAs stage dharna
Tweet
The Hindu BJP MLAs protesting against the U.P. Government in front of Vidhan Sabha in Lucknow on Monday.
Upping the ante against the Akhilesh Yadav government, BJP MLAs on Monday began their two-day-long dharna against alleged failure on part of the State government to check deteriorating law and order in Uttar Pradesh. The opposition MLAs also alleged that the Samajwadi Party government was not doing enough to give relief to farmers affected by drought and floods. Led by their State unit chief Laxmikant Bajpai, the MLAs are sitting outside the Vidhan Sabha. Interestingly, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh, who has also been the State’s Chief Minister, is also in Lucknow for two days and he may join the agitating MLAs.
Accusing the State government of having failed on all fronts, Mr. Bajpai said the Chief Minister has let the people of the State down.
Farmers were still to get their dues and youth were jobless, while all development works have come to a standstill. The BJP would continue to pressurise the State government so that it could mend its ways, he added.

Modi  Obama say  Chalein saath saath   write joint editorialAhead of talks Modi, Obama say 'Chalein saath saath'
Yashwant Raj , Hindustan Times  Washington, September 30, 2014
First Published: 07:30 IST(30/9/2014) | Last Updated: 17:42 IST(30/9/2014)
India and the United States on Monday released a statement of their shared intent - called "Chalein saath, saath" - to forge a partnership that will be a model for the rest of the world.
With President @BarackObama . We had a wonderful meeting and talked about a wide range of issues. pic.twitter.com/MRDjEjujCn
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) September 30, 2014
The statement was issued as Prime Minister Narendra Modi arrived at the White House for a dinner hosted by President Barack Obama.
Read: Obama greets Modi with 'kem cho', has 'wonderful meeting'
"We have a vision that the United States and India will have a transformative relationship as trusted partners in the 21st century," said the paper, "Chalein Saath Saath: Forward Together We Go".
It read a bit like a joint statement, but was minus the officialese of one and, crucially, came ahead of the talks, instead of after, as the densely worded documents do typically.
Full text: Vision statement for the US-India strategic partnership
The 'Kem Chho?' moment: US President Barack Obama greets Narendra Modi at the White House.
"As leaders of two great democratic nations with diverse traditions and faiths, we share a vision for a partnership in which the United States and India work together, not just for the benefit of both our nations, but for the benefit of the world," the statement said.
Read: Obama, Modi may discuss human rights issues in summit talks
 
"Together, we will combat terrorist threats and keep our homelands and citizens safe from attacks, while we respond expeditiously to humanitarian disasters and crises, it added.
Later, Modi met Obama, Vice President Joe Biden and other key US officials at the White House for a private dinner, ahead of formal talks in the Oval Office on Tuesday.
Modi, Obama write joint editorial
US President Barack Obama and Prime Minister Narendra Modi have for the first time interacted digitally to come out with a joint editorial.
 
External Affairs Ministry Spokesperson said both Prime Minister Modi and President Obama have written a joint editorial in a US newspaper to be published Tuesday.
 
Officials on both sides have been very secretive about the joint op-ed and have not even disclosed the name of the newspaper that will publish it.
 
Watch: Modi-Obama issue 'Chalein Saath Saath' vision after dinner bonding
Asked how the two leaders collaborated to write the joint editorial, he said both PM Modi and President Obama are great votaries of digital diplomacy and therefore, it was very easy to digitally interact.
 
Asked if both the leaders were so active digitally why there was no exchange between the two on cyber space, he said "wait and watch".
 
He also said that this was for the first time that an Indian leader has ventured on the path of a joint editorial. Modi had written an editorial in Wall Street Journal before he headed to the US.
(With agency inputs)

Engineers suicide: Dont blame MLA for it  says Goa minister DayanandMandrekarPress Trust of India | Panaji | Posted: September 30, 2014 1:58 pm
Two days after an assistant engineer allegedly committed suicide, Goa Minister Dayanand Mandrekar on Tuesday said an elected representative should not be held responsible if an official takes the extreme step just because he is scolded by the MLA.
The state water resources minister’s remarks came after assistant engineer Kiran Godbole, attached to his department, allegedly committed suicide by hanging himself at his Margao residence on Sunday.
According to Margao police inspector Sudesh Naik, during preliminary investigations it was found that Congress legislator Babu Kavlekar had telephoned Godbole on Sunday evening, sometime before he took the extreme step and there were apprehensions that he had scolded the official.
Naik said Kavlekar was among the last few people who had called Godbole.
“There will be no inquiry by the department. It is for the police (to probe). If there is no water in our village then I also call up engineers and scream at them. That does not mean they should commit suicide,” Mandrekar said.
“We are not saying that he should commit suicide. We want that he should supply water to the people. The elected representatives are forced to call up officers because when works are pending, people approach us,” he added.
When asked if he blamed the deceased engineer for laxity, the state minister said, “What’s the use of blaming him now, he is no more.” He said it was for the police or CBI to conduct an inquiry into the death of the Engineer.
Mandrekar said another engineer was recently roughed up by a crowd in his presence at Chapora village. “I pleaded with the people that at least don’t beat him in front of me,” he said.

Kerala govt orders closure of school where a student was kept inkennelPrint
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: September 30, 2014 1:49 pm | Updated: September 30, 2014 2:40 pm
The Kerala Education Department on Tuesday ordered for the closure of a private English medium school after it allegedly locked up a kid in a kennel.
On Monday, the police had arrested the headmistress of Jawahar English Medium School, which has been functioning in a shed within the premises of a house, near the city.
The student’s class teacher, who allegedly put the boy in the kennel, is absconding. The dog was reportedly taken out of the kennel and the child locked inside.
The government action came in the wake of a probe.
Police said the principal was charged under IPC Sections 317 (exposure and abandoning of a child by a person having care of it), 342 (wrongful confinement) and Juvenile Justice (care and protection of child) Act.
The child’s father said his son was locked up in the kennel from morning to evening. His elder daughter, studying in an upper primary class at the same school, saw the boy locked in the kennel when she went to the toilet. She took up the matter with the principal, who allegedly threatened the girl with consequences if she informed her parents.
The family said the child was not given anything to eat and was released only in the afternoon. The incident came to light after his sister took the matter up with a relative who informed the parents, following which they filed a complaint. The boy said it was his teacher who locked him up. The education department revealed that the school did not have government recognition.
However, a school official has said that the case was fabricated and no such incident occurred. He alleged that certain vested groups were behind the complaint and the boy was tutored to raise charges against the school.
Outraged by the incident, people marched towards the school in protest as education and social welfare departments launched separate probes.
Opposition leader V S Achuthanandan demanded the class teacher and principal be booked under a non-bailable charge for the inhumane act.

Two reasons markets are cheering RBI policy | Sensex turns choppyTwo reasons markets cheered RBI policy before closing the day on a flat note
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 30, 2014, 03.33PM IST
Tags:
Axis Capital
(The market has surged higher…)
MUMBAI: The Reserve Bank of India's policy fourth bi-monthly monetary policy review meet was a non-event. The central bank has left the key policy rates unchanged, as expected my economists and bankers.
However, the market has surged higher after the policy meeting led by gains in rate sensitive sectors such as capital goods, banks, auto and realty.
The market is taking cues from Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan's comments that CPI target of 6 per cent by January 2016 can be met even though there is significant upside risk to it.
According to the Governor, there are number of disinflationary factors underway such as lower crude prices and relatively stable rates are positive for inflation.
However there are some uncertainties on the evolvement of inflation. He said it needs to be seen how food inflation will evolve over time as headline inflation is buffeted by food inflation.
The RBI may ease interest rates if CPI inflation comes below 6 per cent before January 2016. If inflation moves above 6 per cent in the same period then the central bank may be forced to hike rates as well.
"We expect inflation to continue falling in the coming months due to benign global commodity prices on the one hand as well as the government's focus to bring down food and wage inflation by avoiding inflationary impulses from sharp MSP price hikes, etc," said Dinesh Thakkar, Chairman & Managing Director, Angel Broking.
"Hence, we expect that in the coming 6-12 months, we are headed for lower inflation and therefore interest rates, which should be a key positive catalyst for investments, growth and capital markets ," Thakkar added.
There is another little change that has been made by the Reserve Bank that might enthuse markets. The limit on short sale for liquidity bonds has been increased to 0.75 from 0.50.
According to Nilesh Shah, MD & CEO, Axis Capital , hiking limit on short sale for liquidity bonds will help markets
"In a cycle where people expect interest rates to cut eventually if not immediately, it is unlikely that most people will be happy to build long-term short positions. I doubt people will be willing to use it in the near to medium term but certainly from a market point of view, this is an encouraging enabling provision," he told ET NOW.
The RBI is reducing ceiling on SLR securities under HTM from 24 per cent to 22 per cent in phased manner. This move will have an impact on the banks.
"Partial decrease in HTM limits is also driven by the liquidity coverage ratio. Clearly that will be the driver for the consideration of decreasing the HTM limit so that the excess SLR can be used for improving liquidity coverage ratio," Shah added.
At 01:05 p.m.; the Nifty was at 8,018, up 59.10 points or 0.74 per cent. It touched a high of 8,030.90 and a low of 7,943.75 in trade today.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex  Nifty Give Up Gains; Bank  Realty Stocks WeighYou are here: Home Market
Sensex Rises Sharply, Nifty Above 8,000 Mark
NDTV | Updated On: September 30, 2014 12:53 (IST)
Markets to Track Winter Session Action: Experts
The BSE Sensex and Nifty recovered sharply from the lows hit after the Reserve Bank kept key policy rated unchanged.
As of 12.30 a.m. The Sensex traded 162 points higher at 26,759 and the Nifty was up 0.56 per cent at 8,003.45.
Rate sensitive sectors like bank, auto and realty also recovered from their day's low. The Bank Nifty was up 0.4 per cent, the CNX Auto index gained 0.95 per cent and the CNX Realty index was up 0.24 per cent.
Although the Reserve Bank kept key rates unchanged, but it said, it would cut the ceiling on bonds that must be kept under the held-to-maturity (HTM) category from the current 24 percent to 22 percent in stages starting in the bi-weekly cycle beginning in January 10, 2015. This move will improve the liquidity situation of banks further.
Among the banks Kotak Mahindra Bank gained the most, which was up over 2 per cent whereas Union Bank of India, Federal Bank and United Bank of India were up over 1 per cent each.
CNX Pharma sub-index gained 1.33 per cent as investors preferred to stay with defensives. Glenmark Pharmaceuticals gained 2 per cent whereas Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy were up over 1.5 per cent each extending their last two day's gains. Including today's gain Sun Pharma has gained over 9 per cent in last three trading sessions.
The broader markets outperformed the Nifty and Sensex as both the BSE Midcap and BSE Small cap index were up over 0.8 per cent each.
Market breadth remained positive as 345 stocks out of the 500 stocks in BSE 500 were up.
Story first published on: September 30, 2014 12:53 (IST)

Sam Industries: Outcome of AGMSep 30, 2014, 02.03 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sam Industries: Outcome of AGM
Sam Industries Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of Summarized proceeding of 20th Annual General Meeting of Members of the Company held on September 29, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sam Industries: Outcome of AGM
Sam Industries Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of Summarized proceeding of 20th Annual General Meeting of Members of the Company held on September 29, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Sam Industries Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of Summarized proceeding of 20th Annual General Meeting of Members of the Company held on September 29, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Kothari Fermentation: Outcome of AGMSep 30, 2014, 02.03 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Kothari Fermentation: Outcome of AGM
Kothari Fermentation & Biochem Ltd has informed BSE that the 24th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 29, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Kothari Fermentation: Outcome of AGM
Kothari Fermentation & Biochem Ltd has informed BSE that the 24th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 29, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Kothari Fermentation & Biochem Ltd has informed BSE that the 24th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 29, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Yoshiko Yamaguchi  film star and politician  1920-2014© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fb107f72-3f37-11e4-a861-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Virgin s Unlimited Vacation Plan For Workers May Not Be As Good As It Seemsreddit
Virgin Group CEO Richard Branson explained in a blog post on Tuesday why he gives salaried workers at his company unlimited vacation days. But the policy may actually do more harm than good for some employees.
“It is left to the employee to decide if and when he or she feels like taking a few hours, a day, a week or a month off, the assumption being that they are only going to do it when they feel a hundred percent comfortable ... that their absence will not in any way damage the business -- or, for that matter, their careers!" Branson wrote in an excerpt from his new book, The Virgin Way, published on Virgin's blog.
Branson said he was inspired by Netflix, another high-profile company that's done away with vacation days.
In theory, Virgin’s rule, which currently applies U.S. and U.K. employees, should increase productivity and attract talent. Let workers take the time they need for their personal lives, so the thinking goes , and they will devote their work time wholly to their jobs.
But there are downsides. Lotte Bailyn, a professor emeritus at the MIT Sloan School of Management, told The Huffington Post the lack of structure may make workers less comfortable with taking vacations.
“This sounds not well thought-out,” Bailyn said in an interview. “People take less time off because they feel they’re not sure if this is really a commitment to them or that this is more a PR thing.”
She said employees will look to senior staff to set the standards for how much time off is appropriate.
“Typically, without any guidelines or structures, people don’t quite know what to make of this,” Bailyn said. “They tend to fall back on expectations they have formed in previous terms.”
Spokespeople for Branson did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
Americans are infamously averse to vacations as it is. About 40 percent of U.S. workers don’t plan to use all their paid vacation time this year, according to a recent survey by the U.S. Travel Association and GfK, a market research firm. In a Daily Telegraph article that Branson cited in his blog post, Daniel H. Pink described the British perspective on vacations, which applies just as well to Americans: “[W]e view them as minor betrayals -- of our obligations to customers and clients, of our responsibilities to the colleagues left behind, even of the values we hold most dear.”
In October 2009, two Harvard Business School researchers studied the results of forcing employees at the international management advisory firm Boston Consulting Group to take mandatory time off. Employees initially resisted. (That month, unemployment from the Great Recession peaked at about 10 percent.) But workers eventually embraced the required vacation days, and the policy preserved "a strong, engaged pool of talent," the researchers wrote in the Harvard Business Review .
Bruce Elliott, the manager of compensation and benefits at the Society for Human Resource Management, told HuffPost that the unlimited vacation policy can be positive at companies where the work is project-oriented.
“They can say, ‘I just finished up a project, now is the perfect time to take a week off before the next one starts.’” Elliott said. But in an office where the work is generally ongoing and day-to-day schedules don't change as much, it can be harder to get employees to decide on their own how much vacation they deserve.
The policy's effectiveness at Virgin will depend on the corporate culture, he said. “If Virgin has a culture with regard to transparency about its expectations, it could work,” Elliott said. “Absent that, who can say?”
More:

More than half of U.S. unlikely to do business in India: studyIndia-United States
More than half of executives in the U.S. are less likely to do business in India because of infrastructure issues, according to a new study. The study was conducted by APCO, a global communication, stakeholder engagement and business strategy firm, in close association with the Alliance for US India Business (AUSIB).
The study found that IT highlights the fact that leaders in both nations wish to evolve from diplomatic standstill and breed friendly ties with each other motivated by the economic benefits and political stability. “52 per cent investors from the US don’t invest in India only because of poor infrastructure facilities. Both nations rank first as Investment destination,” the report said. Ninety five per cent of Indian executives want India to focus on infrastructure.
Noting that business executives in both countries see huge opportunities as far as economic growth is concerned, the survey said most U.S. executives see India as top destination for investment and 70 per cent U.S. traders acknowledge that the economic relations are headed in right direction.
The study also pointed relationship health checker against the negative pointers that can hamper the evolution of trade.
“Major concerns are visa restrictions, Chinese grip on market and outsourcing challenges. Executives are willing to settle in the other country if stability is provided in the long-run based on ethical backing and lower tariffs and taxation,” the report added.

The Mars mission benefits India as much as clean waterSeptember 28, 2014 5:22 pm
The Mars mission benefits India as much as clean water
By Gurcharan Das
Nation-building entails the memory of heroic achievements such as this, writes Gurcharan Das
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4b167f7c-4572-11e4-9b71-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Top overrated films of BollywoodCelebrity
Top overrated films of Bollywood
Bollywood is a make-believe world. It is farcical both on and off screen. There are people wearing masks everytime to appear more likeable and acceptable.
Sat 13 Sep, 2014 4:39 PM IST
Latest Galleries
Prev Next
Bollywood is a make-believe world. It is farcical both on and off screen. There are people wearing masks everytime to appear more likeable and acceptable.
Bollywood is a make-believe world. It is farcical both on and off screen. There are people wearing masks everytime to appear more likeable and acceptable.
Recommend

Fresh murder  terrorism case against Sharif  10 othersPress Trust of India | Islamabad | Posted: September 29, 2014 6:29 pm
On Monday a fresh murder and terrorism case was slapped on Nawaz Sharif and 10 others, including his brother and ministers, over the death of three protestors during anti-government demonstrations last month, the third criminal case filed against the embattled Prime Minister.
Pakistan Tehreek-i-Insaf (PTI) party of cricketer-turned- politician Imran Khan had sought court’s intervention for launching of the case after police allegedly refused to register an FIR as already a murder case was instituted on the complaint of cleric Tahirul Qadri’s Pakistan Awami Tehreek (PAT) in connection with the incident.
On Monday Police registered second FIR in the same case following the orders of a district court.
Sharif, his brother and Punjab Chief Minister Shahbaz Sharif, Interior Minister Chaudhry Nisar Ali Khan and eight others have been booked on charges of murder, attempt to murder and terrorism.
IG Islamabad, Deputy Commissioner Islamabad, IG Railways have also been named in the FIR.
Three persons were killed and over 500 others injured in clashes between police and supporters of Khan and Qadri last month during demonstrations against Sharif.
Supporters of Khan and Qadri are agitating since August 14, demanding Sharif’s ouster.
The PTI chief wants Sharif’s ouster over alleged rigging in last year’s general election which his party lost, while Qadri wants to bring a revolution in the country. But Sharif has refused to quit.
Sharif had already been implicated last month in connection with the death of 14 workers of PAT during a clash with police in Lahore in June.

Dollars rise threatens EM carry tradesSurging US dollar threatens emerging markets’ carry trades
By James Kynge in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/27a516d8-47e4-11e4-be7b-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

I m a libertarian get me out of hereSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Brazils election: Dilma rises  stocks plungeSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Sebi says RBI should ve handled BoR case betterSebi says RBI should've handled BoR case better
Jayshree P Upadhyay | Mumbai Sep 30, 2014 12:50 AM IST
Stung by allegations of going easy in the Bank of Rajasthan (BoR) case, market regulator Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) has shifted the blame on the Reserve Bank of India (RBI).
In a letter to the department of economic affairs (DEA), Sebi has said merger between the erstwhile BoR and ICICI Bank was approved by the banking regulator despite being "fully aware" of the "surrogate acquisitions" made by the former's promoter entities.
"When the amalgamation was approved, Reserve Bank of India was fully aware about the surrogate acquisitions by the promoter entities and despite the same, it was decided to extend the full benefit of the amalgamation to the promoters of Bank of Rajasthan without any caveats," Sebi has said in its letter to DEA, the contents of which have been seen by Business Standard.
Sebi's letter was with reference to the series of complaints received by the Central Vigilance Commission and the finance ministry against the market regulator in the matter of BoR questioning the low penalty and quality of investigation.
Sebi has said its job centred around probing whether there was any market manipulation by the promoters, while the RBI was the agency which had primary grievance against the promoters and could have handled the matter more seriously.
An email seeking comments on the matter to Sebi and RBI didn't elicit any response.
The violations in the case of BoR date back to 2009, where the promoters - the Tayal group - had actually increased their shareholding through front entities, while disclosures made by them to the exchanges showed that they had reduced their holdings. These violations had occurred ahead of the merger between BoR and ICICI Bank in 2010.
Sebi in March 2010 had passed an order against 100 promoter entities of BoR, banning these from accessing the capital market for acquiring shares under fictitious and benami names beyond the limit permitted by RBI. The order followed a February 2010 order by RBI, imposing a penalty of Rs 25 lakh on BoR.
THE BANK OF RAJASTHAN CASE
2007
June: Bank of Rajasthan promoters’ shareholding stands at 44.18%, which they had to bring down to 10%, according to RBI guidelines
2009
November: RBI refers matter to Sebi for examination of violations of the Securities Act
December: Promoters declare to stock exchanges their shareholding has been reduced to 28.61%. But RBI inspection reveals promoter holding increased via surrogate acquisitions
2010
February: RBI imposes Rs 25-lakh penalty on bank
March: Sebi passes ex-parte order against BoR promoters, barring them from the securities market. Sebi investigation reveals promoters increased their shareholding to 63.15%
August: RBI approves merger of Bank of Rajasthan with ICICI Bank; Sebi issues no-objection certificate
2012
March: Final order by Sebi lifts ban on 118 entities; refers matter to adjudication officer for penalty
2013
February: Sebi imposes Rs 30-crore penalty  on 118 entities
2014
February: SAT revises penalty to Rs 20 crore on 103 entities
"The additional shareholding of the promoters through their front entities could have been considered an unlawful gain, as the amalgamation was a subsequent event and could have also resulted as a loss for the shareholders of BoR as in the case of Global Trust Bank, where the shareholders of Global Trust Bank were not allotted shares of Oriental Bank of Commerce," Sebi has said.
Sebi has also pointed out that the penalty levied by RBI was only Rs 25 lakh even as the penalty in the Banking Regulations Act can be twice the amount involved in such contravention or default.
The regulator in the letter has said it has treated this matter very seriously to check for instance of price or volume manipulation but "no such instance came to light and the offence was limited to wrong disclosure".
The market regulator has also observed that RBI had approved the merger in 2010 even before completion of investigation. However, interestingly, even Sebi granted a no-objection certificate to the merger in 2010, stating that its March 2010 order would not come in the way of the proposed merger.
Sebi has told the DEA that it could not direct the promoters of BoR to make an open offer despite their violating the creeping acquisition limit of 5 per cent as by the time the adjudication proceedings got initiated, the lender was already merged with ICICI Bank.
Last week, the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) initiated a preliminary enquiry against Sebi's executive director R K Padmanabhan, who had investigated the case. Also, the minority shareholders of BoR have filed a writ petition in the Bombay High Court against Sebi for imposing an inadequate penalty of just Rs 30 crore on the promoter entities, who the petitioners allege made unlawful gains of more than Rs 700 crore. Sebi's Rs 30-crore penalty was later revised downwards to Rs 20 crore by the appellate tribunal.

EM flows; IIF sees uptickSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Why 6 Reasons Im Happier Because I Went to War went viralBy Dan Lamothe September 29 Follow @danlamothe
Lance Cpl. Nathan Chandler, of 1st Battalion, 9th Marines, hunkers down behind a compound wall during a firefight with insurgents in the Nad Ali district of Helmand province, Afghanistan, on Dec. 4, 2013. A new LinkedIn post by another Marine combat veteran reflects on the reasons he is happier because he went to war, and has gone viral among combat veterans. (Photo by Cpl. Paul Peterson/Marine Corps)
It’s counter-intuitive: Why would combat veterans who risk their lives repeatedly, experience gruesome events and witness their fellow service members die be happy that they went to war?
And yet that’s exactly what Marine veteran John Walters reflects on in a new post on LinkedIn that has gone viral. Tens of thousands of readers have shared the piece, titled “6 Reasons I’m Happier Because I Went to War.” Many of them say they also served in the military and relate to what he shared.
The post was first published last week . Walters, a marketing manager with Shell, wrote that he has been asked regularly whether he is glad he deployed to both Iraq and Afghanistan, and usually surprises people when he tells them that the answer, enthusiastically, is yes.
“Naturally wartime and combat are associated with sadness and devastation,” wrote Walters, who left the Marine Corps as a sergeant. “War affects millions of innocent people and [post-traumatic stress disorder] afflicts service men and women with crippling effects. I’m not immune to all the negative fallout of being a Marine during wartime, but many lessons I learned as a Marine make me a happier person.”
Walters went on to share six reasons that is the case, including that war honed his sense of humor when dealing with tough situations and taught him not to be materialistic.
“After living on the desert floor for a year with no more personal belongings than would fit in a small backpack I learned to make do without a lot of ‘stuff’,” he wrote. “The experience helped me to understand the happiness in austerity.”
Reaction online from other veterans has been laudatory. Consider the following:
Couldn’t have said it better myself: ’6 Reasons I’m Happier Because I Went to War’ http://t.co/DEHMRvQWIw
— Robert Tregaskes (@robtregaskes) September 26, 2014
Truth nuggets. “6 Reasons I’m Happier Because I Went to War” by @jhswalters http://t.co/KysJLfReDG — Elizabeth O’Herrin (@oherrin22) September 26, 2014
Good read, I found my deployment stressful and a bit depressing at times, but I definitely agree with the points lai… http://t.co/Ssc0LDJ8gA
— Jeremy Lash (@jezlash) September 29, 2014
Marine writes viral LinkedIn post: 6 Reasons I’m Happier Because I Went To War ( #posttraumaticgrowth ) http://t.co/F057hEWLSS
— Geoffrey Ingersoll (@GPIngersoll) September 29, 2014
The last tweet references post-traumatic growth, a term psychologists coined to acknowledge positive change in an individual after they go through crisis or trauma. It has been connected with military service frequently, and is far more common than PTSD, said Richard Tedeschi, a psychologist at the University of North Carolina, Charlotte, in a 2012 New York Times article .
A white paper for the Naval Center for Combat and Operational Stress Control states that not all mental health professional recognize PTG as legitimate, but adds that some do and “current findings suggest there may be clinical utility for the concept.”
The concept of post-traumatic growth is still in the early stages of being defined and investigated, but preliminary evidence suggests that personality style and coping mechanisms may play a significant role,” says the white paper , by Jenna Van Slyke. “While it may seem paradoxical, the life-altering negative effects of trauma can often be a catalyst for positive changes as trauma survivors attempt to rebuild their lives and worldviews after the event.”
That’s not to say everyone sharing Walters’ work has experienced post-traumatic growth, or even trauma in general. But the viral nature of his post does signal a desire among many service members and veterans to bounce back from tough times and reflect on where it has left them.
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

Sell-off in emerging currencies deepens© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9c142422-47ea-11e4-b5ad-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Commercial Finance ManagerApply now
Further information
Leading FMCG Manufacturing business based in Middlesex has a fantastic opportunity for a Commercial Finance Manager to join their team. In this key role, you will report to the Commercial Controller and will provide decision support to the sales team covering, overall customer profitability, sales and margin analysis, evaluation of pricing proposals, promotional analysis and general direction.  
Specific duties will be as follows:
Provide monthly insight in relation to account performance: e.g. sales and margin review and variances to budget
Review business pricing and costs and their impact on customer and product profitability
Work closely with sales team to identify new opportunities to deliver additional revenue and profit
Analyse business trends and communicate any findings accordingly
Ad-hoc financial and project work as and when required
Candidate profile:
Experience within an FMCG Manufacturing or Multiple Retail industry
Skilled in providing commercial support from a finance perspective
Strong excel skills, ideally combined with SAP or Business Objects experience
Adaptable individual and strong communicator
This is a key role where you will have the opportunity to influence and build relationships across finance and non-finance business leaders.
Apply now
Eton Bridge Partners
We are a specialist executive search and interim management partnership with dedicated expertise in Finance, Human Resources and Business Transformation. Our aim is to become the leading independent Search and Interim business by reputation and results
Share this job

Flipkart ties up with PC JewellerE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Easy visa norms to boost tourism: Thomas Cook08:00 am
Madhavan Menon MD,  Thomas Cook said Prime Minister Narendra Modi announcing life time visas for person of Indian origin and visa on arrival for US tourists are significant moves that will boost tourism in India. This fantastic initiative shows that government is giving tourism priority, he added.
Going forward one can expect spike in terms of tourism arrivals by the start of 2015, said Menon.
According to him there has been an explosion of hotels in B and C cities which is sure to upgrade tourism into India.
Moreover, with the way tourism has grown in India, and with all these initiatives by the government is sure to bring in opportunities for tourism companies in India, said Menon.  
Also read: Modi grants lifetime visas for PIOs
Below is the transcript of Madhavan Menon’s interview to CNBC-TV18’s Reema Tendulkar and Anuj Singhal
Reema: This new government has made tourism its priority with the latest news being that persons of Indian origin will be getting lifetime Indian visa, American tourists will get a visa on arrival. How significant is this news and is it possible to quantify it?
A: This is extremely significant move, firstly because the government has made tourism a priority, something that has not happened in the past at all. Secondly, if we look at just the US market where we have a large Indian diaspora who actually represent about approximately 1 percent of the population but more importantly represent 15.5 percent of tourism arrivals into India.
Now, if I look at this aspect and just look at the way it has been structured, I actually believe that it will be a major boost to tourism. If we take a million tourism arrivals from the US and if we super impose this on the e-visa that is expected to be given to a variety of countries, we can talk about a sizeable growth in inflows in terms of tourism.
However, this may not materialise in the current year but definitely in 2015 we will see a spike in terms of tourism arrivals. The e-visa announcements have been made but execution is still under preparation. Maybe it would take a couple of months before they are actually ready to start processing visas online.
I think it is a fantastic initiative that the government of India has taken and something that we have all been asking for a very long time. In terms of the infrastructure, this will take more time but having said that we have seen an explosion of hotels in India in recent times and with more and more hotels coming up in B cities as well as C cities and that it will further upgrade tourism.
Another point I want to make is that the Indian diaspora who come to India essentially used to come to India to visit friends and relatives. But the way domestic tourism has grown in India I believe that they represent another opportunity for tourism companies in India.
Anuj: Your last quarter financials while they look good, what really stands out is that the travel and related services actually were quite muted and the growth is coming from the human resource services part. Can you explain what that part is and going forward would that be the growth engine or would you expect travel and related services to also do well?
A: IKYA which represents the human resources part of the group is a green field industry and we expect them to continue growing significantly over the next couple of years.
Travel, tourism and foreign exchange tends to be more commoditised as well as more mature business. Having said that even if you look at travel and tourism we have actually seen growth over the last couple of quarters admittedly the quarter around the elections did see some slowdown primarily because of the elections. But if you look at our forward bookings in August, September and October, we are actually back to the 25 percent plus growth and that is very heartening. We are looking at December now and we are beginning to see bookings flow in.
So my expectation is that within the travel and travel related services group, we will see growth re-emerging after some amount of slowdown as I explained earlier. But the HR side will continue to grow significantly faster.
Reema: There was a trading update which was given by your parent company Thomas Cook UK pointing to slowdown in Germany on account of the weakness in consumer confidence there, there were talks about them cutting the packet size. Do you all get any portion of your revenues from Germany and have you faced a similar slowdown?
A: We saw a slowdown this year from Europe and a lot of it had to do with the stories around sexual harassment and rape that were emerging out of India. I am aware of the fact that the tourism board along with some of the leading FTOs have actually worked around communicating this into the markets and my expectation is that even though Germany has seen a slowdown, things will improve by the time we get to the season at the end of the year.
Admittedly Germany is only one of our source countries, we have a variety of source countries so I don’t see their slowdown impacting us too much at this time but in 2015 I expect Europe to be back to its full blown potential.
Reema: What is the contribution that you get from tourism from Europe and when you say a slowdown will there be a degrowth in terms of revenues, if yes how much could revenues degrow from the eurozone?
A: The good thing about the inbound business is that the whole world doesn’t slowdown together. And since we have approximately 27 source markets, even if there is a slowdown in certain markets we actually see a pickup in other markets. We have seen a slowdown in Europe but that has been more than adequately replaced by Japan, US.
We have seen flows coming in from South America so we are not too concerned about it at this stage. My bigger concern would be what we had in 2008-09 when the whole world went into an economic slowdown and we got impacted. But right now we don’t see it as a major impact on our revenues or our turnover.
Thomas Cook stock price
On November 21, 2014, Thomas Cook (India) closed at Rs 183.15, up Rs 0.00, or 0.00 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 189.95 and the 52-week low was Rs 72.60.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 1.56 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 117.4. The latest book value of the company is Rs 24.01 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 7.63.
RELATED NEWS

iPhone 6 now in China too!Updated: September 30, 2014 11:48 IST
iPhone 6 now in China too!
PTI
Reuters The licence approval came after four models of the iPhone 6 passed 3C (China Compulsory Certification) certification
TOPICS
technology (general)
The weeks of delay resulted in largescale smuggling of the phone from Hong Kong and the US
China has granted network access licence to iPhone 6, giving permission to sell the Apple’s latest smartphone in the country after weeks of delay resulted in largescale smuggling of the phone from Hong Kong and the US.
The licence approval came after four models of the iPhone 6 passed 3C (China Compulsory Certification) certification, a mandatory system to inspect and approve various products to be sold in China, and won approval from the State Radio Regulation earlier this month.
The Ministry of Industry and Information Technology (MIIT) said that it has granted a network access licence to iPhone 6. The network access licence together with the two other regulatory approvals means that the iPhone 6 can be sold in China, state—run Xinhua News Agency reported.
The licence came after weeks of delay for the release of the phone which had resulted in largescale smuggling from Hong Kong and the US even though iPhones are manufactured in China.
Chinese police have seized large stocks of smuggled iPhones at airports recently.
The MIIT said in a statement that it made the decision to issue the license after getting reassurance from Apple that three background service programs, which reportedly had risks of personal privacy leaks, are only diagnostic tools that won’t be used maliciously.
In a document submitted to the ministry, Apple said that the company won’t be allowed to “interfere with” any personal information without clients’ approval, and it has already taken measures in its ios8 system to make it even more difficult for anybody to use the tools maliciously.
Apple also said it will improve security and privacy protection for its clients.
The company said it has never and will never set up so—called “back doors” in any of its products or services in cooperation with any government organisation of any country.
The MIIT said it pays great attention to protecting mobile phone users’ personal information and will strengthen security management of mobile phones, according to the statement.
The ministry will also enhance network access security review as well as supervision and inspection of products that are already licensed, saying any violation of regulations on personal information protection will be investigated and punished.

RBI Keeps Rates on Hold  Warns on InflationYou are here: Home Economy
RBI Keeps Rates on Hold, Warns on Inflation
Reuters | Updated On: September 30, 2014 13:43 (IST)
Commercial Mining of Coal to be Allowed After Auction: Finance Minister
Mumbai: The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) sent a strong signal on Tuesday that it will refrain from cutting interest rates until it is confident that consumer inflation can be reduced to a target of 6 per cent by January 2016.
The RBI policy review statement reinforced Governor Raghuram Rajan's commitment to tame inflation in a country that has long struggled with prices rising at double digit levels annually, causing most distress for the country's poor.
The RBI kept its key policy repo rate unchanged at 8.0 per cent, as widely expected, and also left its main liquidity levers - the statutory liquidity ratio (SLR) and the cash reserve ratio (CRR) - untouched.
Warning of upside risks to its 2016 inflation target, the RBI said policy moves would hinge on inflation trends.
"This continues to warrant policy preparedness to contain pressures if the risks materialise," the RBI statement said. "Therefore, the future policy stance will be influenced by the Reserve Bank's projections of inflation relative to the medium term objective (6 per cent by January 2016), while being contingent on incoming data."
Consumer price inflation slowed to 7.8 per cent in August, making the RBI far more confident that the near-term target of 8 per cent inflation in January would be met.
In a separate report on inflation, the RBI spelled out its concerns for the future, noting elevated inflation expectations among households and an enduring risk of higher food prices because structural issues were taking time to solve.
The central bank projected inflation to ease to 6 per cent by November but soon rise to around 8 per cent by January through March 2015 as a favourable base effect is likely to reverse.
A Reuters poll last week showed most analysts expect the RBI will not cut interest rates until the April-June quarter.
"The key takeaway is that the central bank is now focused on achieving the 6 percent inflation target rather than the 8 per cent target," said Soumyajit Niyogi, an analyst for SBI DFHI Primary Dealership.
Economy to Grow Faster
Investors in India's bonds are happy with the priority Dr Rajan gave to breaking the "back of inflation" in a speech last week. And, on Tuesday, the benchmark 10-year paper was down 1 basis point to 8.48 per cent from its previous close.
Filled with hope by the election of Prime Minister Narendra Modi last May, investors in India's booming stock market have been undeterred by the high interest rates.
The new Modi government has backed Dr Rajan, though the RBI's strategy is far less popular with businesses, which want relief from high interest rates, and banks which want to lend more.
The RBI on Tuesday reiterated its economic growth projection at 5.5 per cent for 2014/15 and said it expects the economy to grow 6.3 per cent in 2015/16.
Mr Modi's reformist government will want more priority to be given to boosting economic growth, but it will have to play its part by remedying structural issues that create supply bottlenecks, and by reducing its fiscal deficit.
In the absence of rate cuts, all the RBI has offered so far this year to help growth has been modest measures to make more credit available.
Ultimately, India needs far stronger investment if it is to decisively recover from the sub-five percent growth suffered in the past two years, and grow fast enough to provide jobs for the millions of young people entering the labour market.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Bill Gates richest in the US  says Forbes; 5 Indian-Americans in list tooE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Telangana CM K Chandrasekhara Rao hints of single window system to ensure  zero-corruptionA 'chasing cell’ to pursue queries from corporate and industrialists interested in investing is also being set up in the CMO.
Written by Sreenivas Janyala | Hyderabad | Posted: September 30, 2014 12:20 pm | Updated: September 30, 2014 12:21 pm
Telangana Chief Minister K Chandrasekhara Rao on Tuesday hinted that the highlight of the state’s new industrial policy would be a single window system that will ensure that all departments concerned would issue permissions and licences without any interference or delay.
“There will be no red tape and it is going to be a zero-corruption system. All the departments from which permissions and licences are required would work in tandem and issue the orders within a time frame,’’ the CM told a delegation from Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) on Tuesday. The CM sought suggestions from the CII delegates and representatives from Telangana Industrialists Welfare Federation and Federation of AP Chambers of Commerce and Industry to fine tune the proposed policy. The Chief Minister also holds the industry portfolio.
“The CM said the new industrial policy would be system driven, and that when it becomes an Act, the policy will be one of the best Legislation in the country,’’ an official said. The Chief Minister’s Office will be incharge of the single window system and required permissions and licences would be issued within 15 days. A ‘chasing cell’ to pursue queries from corporate and industrialists interested in investing is also being set up in the CMO. It doesn’t matter how many permissions are required from how many departments, the CMO will issue the final order to start work with a fortnight of applying, the CM is learnt to have told the delegation.
Telangana Government has already identified some five lakh acres of land across the 10 districts to be made available for setting up industries. The CM said that industrial parks for at least five core sectors like pharma, food processing etc would be set up in each of the 10 districts of TElangana. “The new industrial policy which we are proposing will make TElangana the first choice of investors. We have already identified 5 lakh acres that can be given to new investment projects. We will overcome power supply problems within year,’’ KCR said. The government will also give 100 per cent stamp duty waiver to new industries coming in with Rs 200 crores investment.
The survey to identify land to be made available to investment projects was taken up by the Telangana State Industrial Infrastructure Development Corporation (TSIIDC) which has identified and recorded how much land is available in each district. Telangana Government would introduce the proposed policy in the budget session and make it a legislation.

How a missing  Or  saved Oracle Rs 142 cr | Wipro s most ambitious staff recast underwayYou are here: Home > Collections
How a missing 'Or' helped Oracle Financial save Rs 142 crore in tax
Rajesh Mascarenhas, ET Bureau Sep 30, 2014, 10.53AM IST
Tags:
BSE
(Oracle Financial Services,…)
MUMBAI: Did the absence of a single word —'or' — in NSE's listing agreement with Oracle Financial help the company save Rs 142 crore in taxes on dividend?
Sebi's model listing agreement as well the listing agreement of the other equity exchange BSE have the following clause: "the company further agrees that the minimum time gap between the two book closures and/or record dates would be at least 30 days." However, NSE's listing agreement says: "The issuer further agrees to ensure that the time gap between two book closures and record dates would be at least 30 days."
A company's announces book closure before the AGM while the record date is fixed for distribution of dividend. Companies have been rushing to distribute dividend before October 1 after which a higher dividend distribution tax comes into effect.
Oracle Financial had declared its book closure from September 8 to 12. On September 8, the company told stock exchanges that during the shareholders' meeting — on September 12 — an interim dividend would be declared. An interim dividend of Rs 485 a share was declared and September 25 and September 29 were fixed as the record date and the date for paying the dividend, respectively.
Since clause 16 of the listing agreement states that the time gap between a book closure and a record date should be minimum 30 days, exchanges referred the matter to Sebi which on September 19 said that the record date was fixed in violation of the listing clause. Oracle moved the Securities Appellate Tribunal (SAT), a quasi-judicial body, challenging Sebi's view. Ruling in favour of Oracle, the tribunal said that the word 'and' used between 'two book closures' and 'record dates' in clause 16 of listing agreement does not mean that there should be a time gap of 30 says between a book closure and a record date.
"SAT could have looked into other aspects instead of just relying on the word 'and' between book closure and record dates," said Huzzefa Nasikwala, founder, Nasikwala Law Chambers. "Many orders in the past were based on the change of interpretations of words like 'shall', 'may', 'would' etc rather than the facts or proceedings," he added.
Oracle Financial Services , which declared a dividend of 9,700% entailing an outgo of Rs 4,081 crore, saved Rs 142 crore by distributing the dividend before October 1. This was possible as SAT allowed the software service provider to fix September 25 as the record date. ET's email query to NSE went unanswered till the time of going to press.
"SAT was right in interpreting the NSE listing agreement.
Though the intention of listing agreement — 30 days' gap between book closure date and record date — was more relevant when the shares were in physical form," said Sandeep Parekh, founder, Finsec Law Advisor .
"However, in the current demat format with the settlement happening in two days, this 30-day clause is irrelevant," he added.
The company is listed on both BSE and NSE. Though Sebi, BSE and NSE were parties to the appeal, the argument by Oracle Financial's counsel was based on the NSE listing agreement.
FEATURED ARTICLES

RBI Governor Wants to Reduce Undue Volatility in RupeeYou are here: Home Forex
RBI Governor Says Wants to Reduce Undue Volatility in Rupee
Reuters | Updated On: September 30, 2014 12:27 (IST)
Dollar Hits Seven-Year High vs Yen Ahead of Fed Minutes
Mumbai: The Reserve Bank of India is not focussed on any particular level of exchange rate, but wants to reduce undue volatility, Governor Raghuram Rajan said after the policy review on Tuesday.
He added such a policy would mean that the central bank would typically intervene on both sides of the exchange rate.
The rupee has risen in recent months and in the process has maintained its parity with the dollar seen at the beginning of the year, Dr Rajan told reporters in Mumbai.
The rupee has gained 1.89 per cent against the dollar in the month to date and 2.93 per cent in the past six months, as per Thomson Reuters data.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Democracy protestors ignore HK leaders call to end demoDemocracy protestors ignore HK leader’s call to end demo
PTI
Tweet
Reuters People write messages of support for pro-democracy protesters in Hong Kong, on bits of paper to add to the hundreds of others stuck to the wall of Hong Kong House in central Sydney September 30, 2014. Tens of thousands of pro-democracy protesters extended a blockade of Hong Kong streets on Tuesday, stockpiling supplies and erecting makeshift barricades ahead of what some fear may be a push by police to clear the roads before Chinese National Day.
Hong Kong, Sept 30:  
Hong Kong’s embattled leader called today for an immediate end to street demonstrations that have drawn tens of thousands and paralysed the city, but protesters refused to move until Beijing grants the financial hub genuine democracy.
In his first public comments since demonstrators were tear gassed by riot police on Sunday evening, chief executive Leung Chun-ying said protests organised by the pro-democracy Occupy Central group had got “out of control“.
“Occupy Central founders had said repeatedly that if the movement is getting out of control, they would call for it to stop. I’m now asking them to fulfil the promise they made to society, and stop this campaign immediately,” Leung said.
But protest leaders immediately rejected Leung’s demands and renewed their calls for him to step down.
“If Leung Chun-ying announces his resignation, this occupation will be at least temporarily stopped in a short period of time, and we will decide on the next move,” co-founder Chan Kin-man told reporters after Leung’s comments.
The protests have left Beijing grappling with one of the biggest challenges to its rule of the semi-autonomous city at a time when the Communist Party is cracking down hard on dissent on the mainland.
The demonstrations, the worst civil unrest Hong Kong has experienced since its 1997 handover from British rule, were sparked by Beijing’s decision last month to restrict who can stand for the city’s top post.
Hong Kongers will be able to vote for their next chief executive in 2017 elections but only two or three candidates vetted by a pro-Beijing committee will be allowed to stand — something demonstrators have labelled a “fake democracy” that shows Hong Kong cannot trust its mainland overseers.
But Leung said Beijing would never be persuaded to change its stance by the protesters while they occupy streets.
“The central government will not be coerced into submission because some people have used illegal actions,” he said.
Schools in affected areas Tuesday were again closed and commuters faced disruption, with many bus routes suspended or rerouted and taxis scarce.
Throughout the morning protester numbers dwindled from their overnight highs, when tens of thousands turned the city’s downtown into a carnival after riot police withdrew.
But those manning the barricades showed no signs of backing down, digging in for a third day of occupying major thoroughfares.
(This article was published on September 30, 2014)
Related

Toyota hit by recall and regulator probeSeptember 30, 2014 6:52 am
Toyota hit by recall and US regulator probe
By Kana Inagaki in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/881fd640-485e-11e4-ad19-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

RBI Projects GDP Growth to Accelerate to 6.3% Next FiscalYou are here: Home Economy
RBI Projects GDP Growth to Accelerate to 6.3% Next Fiscal
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 30, 2014 13:24 (IST)
Commercial Mining of Coal to be Allowed After Auction: Finance Minister
Mumbai: The RBI today said the country's GDP growth, which it estimates to be 5.5 per cent in the current fiscal, will improve to 6.3 per cent in 2015-16.
"For 2014-15, real GDP growth is projected to lie between 5 and 6 per cent, with a central estimate of 5.5 per cent... for 2015-16, real GDP growth is projected to rise to 6.3 per cent," the central bank said in its Monetary Policy report released today.
It said the 5.7 per cent growth in the first quarter of the current fiscal surprised on the upside and stated that the same has slackened in the second quarter.
One of the major contributors for the decline in growth will be the monsoon deficiency, which also affects non- agricultural sectors through demand effects, RBI report said.
However, the growth will grow towards the end of the fiscal, it said, adding that an improvement in exports driven by positive sentiments in the global markets and an increase in the yield-chasing fund inflows into the country will be the primary contributors for this.
A survey of professional forecasters conducted by the Reserve Bank pegged 2014-15 growth at 5.5 per cent and expects a major improvement in the number to 6.5 per cent in fiscal.
On the risks to growth, RBI said uncertainties around global recovery, any adverse effect on the commodity prices, a below-normal monsoon in the next fiscal, a depreciation in the rupee and inabilities to augment supply capacities are the biggest detrimental factors.
It can be noted that the country has had two consecutive fiscals of sub-5 per cent growth and clocked a growth of 4.7 per cent in the last fiscal.
Even though the April-June quarter growth at 5.7 per cent was healthy, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan said the recovery process in the country is "uneven", pointing to data releases like a fall in factory output during July.
Story first published on: September 30, 2014 13:22 (IST)

Live Market Updates: Sensex gains 70 pts; RBI keeps key rates unchangedSep 30, 2014, 02.34 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex gains 70 pts; RBI keeps key rates unchanged
The central bank has kept key rates unchanged. The Sensex is up 43.32 points at 26640.43 and the Nifty is down 4.20 points at 7954.70. About 1322 shares have advanced, 933 shares declined, and 69 shares are unchanged.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex gains 70 pts; RBI keeps key rates unchanged
The central bank has kept key rates unchanged. The Sensex is up 43.32 points at 26640.43 and the Nifty is down 4.20 points at 7954.70. About 1322 shares have advanced, 933 shares declined, and 69 shares are unchanged.
Post your opinion here
Moneycontrol Bureau
Live Market Commentary
11:56 am Market check: The Sensex is up 71.27 points at 26668.38 and the Nifty is up 19.90 points at 7978.80.  About 1452 shares have advanced, 980 shares declined, and 99 shares are unchanged.
11:45 am Buzzing: Shares of L&T rose 2 percent intraday after it recieved construction orders worth Rs 1423 crore for its heavy civil infrastructure, power transmission and distribution business.
Out of the total, L&T has bagged a Rs 631 crore order from the Lucknow Metro Rail Corporation for construction of metros. As per the agreement, the infrastructure company has to construct 8.5 km elevated viaducts and 8 elevated corridors. The project is likely to be completed in two years.
11:35 am NTC plans?  The government said "it is committed not to sell" the loss-making NTC and plans to nurse the ailing state-owned textiles firm back to health by disposing of its land worth Rs 1,750 crore in Uttar Pradesh.
"NTC has 11 places in UP and British India Corporation Ltd (BICL) has 35. The matter has been pending since last 15 years and the government has wasted Rs 500 crore," textiles minister Santosh Gangwar said.
"I do not wish to blame anybody. I wrote to Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav and met him. We had fruitful discussions on the issue. We will dispose of/sell the land worth Rs 2,000 crore of BIC and Rs 1,750 crore of NTC (to generate revenue)," he said. However, Gangwar added: "We are committed to not sell National Textile Corporation."
11:30 am Buzzing: Investors lapped up more shares of DCB Bank after the private sector lender launched its qualified institutional placement (QIP) issue for subscription. The stock gained as much as 3 percent intraday, in addition to 3 percent gains in pervious session.
The board of directors of the bank on Monday decided to open the qualified institutional placement (QIP) issue with immediate effect and approved the preliminary placement document in connection with the QIP.
The board has fixed floor price for the issue at Rs 86.45 per equity share, which is 3 percent higher compared to Monday's closing price. According to the filing, the bank may offer a discount of not more than 5 percent on the floor price.
11:24 am Market check: The Sensex is up 26.72 points at 26623.83 and the Nifty up is 6.60 points at 7965.50. About 1319 shares have advanced, 1021 shares declined, and 86 shares are unchanged.  Bank Nifty is down 0.15 percent.
Axis Bank is down 1.45 percent, YES Bank is down 1 percent while Kotak Mahindra is up  2 percent.
11:20 am Raghuram Rajan says
In a better situation than we were in August
Data developments since August have been positive
Future policies will be data-contingent
Inflation readings better on better-than-expected monsoon
 11:15 am Raghuram Rajan says
Raghuram Rajan says currently positioned to reach 6 percent inflation target by 2016. He adds that took many steps to facilitate growth and development for financial sector.
11:10 am RBI says:
Expect inflation to ease to 7 percent in Q4FY16
Cut in ceiling on HTM for bonds to be on till Sep 19, 2015
Cut in ceiling on HTM for bonds will start Jan 10, 2015
To cut ceiling on HTM for bonds gradually from 24 percent to 22 percent
Inflation may climb back to 8 percent by January-March 2015
Inflation will ease to 6 percent by November
GDP growth pick-up unlikely to sustain in next two quarters
Projects FY16 GDP growth at 6.3 percent
Retains FY15 GDP growth target at 5.5 percent
11:05 am RBI says:
Since June, inflation ebbed to levels consistent with 8 percent target.
Upside risks to inflation from geopolitical tensions
Stability in exchange rate is entrenching disinflation
8 percent January 2015 inflation target more within reach than in April
Don't miss: Rate hike likely in 2015, low crude prices won't blunt CPI
The market is still sluggish as RBI did not spring up any surprise move. The central bank has kept key rates unchanged. The Sensex is up 43.32 points at 26640.43 and the Nifty is down 4.20 points at 7954.70. About 1322 shares have advanced, 933 shares declined, and 69 shares are unchanged.
HDFC, Bajaj Auto, Maruti, Dr Reddy's Labs and Sun Pharma are top gainers while GAIL, Hindalco, Infosys, Tata Steel and TCS are among the laggards in the Sensex.
Asian markets were in hesitant mood on Tuesday as investors wondered what China's response would be to civil unrest in Hong Kong, while the U.S. dollar was on track to post its biggest monthly gain in well over a year.
Tens of thousands of pro-democracy protesters blocked Hong Kong streets on Tuesday, in one of the biggest political challenges to Beijing since the Tiananmen Square crackdown 25 years ago.
The unrest was an added complication for investors amid long-standing concerns about the health of China's economy.
10:00

LT rises 2%  bags orders worth Rs 1423 crSep 30, 2014, 12.46 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
L&T rises 2%, bags orders worth Rs 1423 cr
Out of the total, L&T has bagged a Rs 631 crore order from the Lucknow Metro Rail Corporation for construction of metros. The project is likely to be completed in two years.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
L&T rises 2%, bags orders worth Rs 1423 cr
Out of the total, L&T has bagged a Rs 631 crore order from the Lucknow Metro Rail Corporation for construction of metros. The project is likely to be completed in two years.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  L&T rose 2 percent intraday after it received construction orders worth Rs 1423 crore for its heavy civil infrastructure, power transmission and distribution business.
Out of the total, L&T has bagged a Rs 631 crore order from the Lucknow Metro Rail Corporation for construction of metros. As per the agreement, the infrastructure company has to construct 8.5 km elevated viaducts and 8 elevated corridors. The project is likely to be completed in two years.
"The power transmission has bagged three major orders including additional orders from on-going jobs worth Rs 792 crore. A turnkey order has been received from the Power Grid Corporation of India Limited (PGCIL) for the supply, erection, testing and commissioning of a 765 kV S/C transmission line between Lalitpur to Agra (Part–III) in Uttar Pradesh. The contract is for the supply of 765kV EHV towers, insulator hardware materials and other transmission accessories. The order will be completed in 20 months," it said in a press statement.
Another order has been bagged from the Himachal Pradesh Transmission Corporation for the design, engineering, supply and construction of a 400/220/33kV Gas Insulated Switchgear substation at Lahal in the Chamba District of Himachal Pradesh.
The business also received an order from the North Bihar Power Distribution Company Limited for the supply, erection, testing and commissioning of 33/11kV power distribution network.
At 12:03 hrs Larsen and Toubro was quoting at Rs 1,492.55, up Rs 25.10, or 1.71 percent on the BSE.
(Posted by Nasrin Sultana)

Maharashtra polls: Congress fields 27 women candidates; BJP 219
0
Mumbai: Ex-Chief Minister Ashok Chavan's wife Ameeta, who is making her electoral debut in Maharashtra Assembly polls, and late BJP leader Gopinath Munde's daughter Pankaja Munde are among the key women legislators testing their luck this time, with the Congress firmly in the driver's seat fielding the highest number of women candidates.
Congress has fielded the highest number of women (27) candidates followed by BJP 21, NCP 16 and Shiv Sena 10 women candidates for the state Assembly polls.
In BJP's list, except sitting legislators Madhuri Misal from Parvati in Pune and Pankaja Munde Palve from Parli in Beed district, all others are new faces.
Ex-Chief Minister Ashok Chavan's wife Ameeta, who is making her electoral debut in Maharashtra Assembly polls, and late BJP leader Gopinath Munde's daughter Pankaja Munde are among the key women legislators testing their luck this time
In Dahisar, BJP has fielded party corporator Manisha Chaudhari. Out of the 21 women, two have come from NCP. Bharti Lavhekar earlier with NCP is now BJP candidate from Versova in Mumbai.
While former NCP MLC Manda Mhatre is taking on Ganesh Naik of NCP in Belapur.
Congress has fielded several female legislators this time including sitting MLAs Women and Child Welfare minister Varsha Gaikwad from Dharavi, Yashomati Thakur (Teosa), Pranati Shinde (Solapur city central), Nirmala Gavit (Igatpuri) and Annie Shekhar from Colaba.
Also, Congress chose Asawari Deotale, a relative of Tourism Minister Sanjay Deotale from Warora due to which he quit the party to contest from his constituency on BJP ticket. The new faces include corporator Sheetal Mhatre, who is also the Mumbai Mahila Congress chief from Dahisar, Maharashtra Womens' Commission head Sushiben Shah from Malabar Hill among others.
Both parties said that grassroot women activists who have been in public life for long have been chosen as candidates.
In many places, women candidates from various parties are pitted against each other.
Varsha Gaikwad of Congress is pitted against Divya Dhole of BJP in Dharavi; in Teosa, Yashomati Thakur of Congress is contesting against BJP's Nivedita Chaudhari. Praniti Shinde will take on BJP's Mohini Patki in Solapur city central.
In Dahisar, sitting Sena MLA Vinod Ghosalkar will face the combined might of Sheetal Mhatre (Congress), Manisha Chaudhari (BJP) and former Mumbai Mayor Shubha Raul, who defected from Sena to MNS in protest against Ghosalkar's renomination.
Kaij in Beed district will witness a all-women contest with BJP's Sangeeta Thambare, Namita Mundada, daughter-in-law of late Vimaltai Mundada (NCP), Shiv Sena's Kalpana Narhire and Anjali Ghadge of Congress in the fray.
Prominent among the women defectors apart from Shubha Raul is Congress leader Vasudha Deshmukh from Achalpur who is contesting as a NCP candidate. She is pitted against Surekha Thakre of Shiv Sena.
3

Day 5: PM Modi to visit Martin Luther King Jr memorial  Lincoln memorial on Tuesday11
0
Washington: In the final leg of his maiden US trip, Prime Minister Narendra Modi will visit the Martin Luther King Junior memorial and the Lincoln memorial in Washington.
Modi arrived in Washington on Monday and met US President Barack Obama for a private dinner at the White House. The dinner continued for nearly 90 minutes wherein the leaders discussed their areas of interest and how they can boost Indo-US relationship.
"President Obama, PM Modi exchanged anecdotes about their first few days in office, to see if they had anything in common," said Ministry of External Affairs spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin.
#narendra modi #modi meets america #modi meets obama #barack obama
The visit will be followed by floral tribute to Mahatma Gandhi and a visit to the Indian Embassy in Washington. He will meet US Defence Secretary Chuck Hagel and a meeting with the Governor of Maryland.
Modi will meet Obama again at the Oval House and it will be followed by a joint press statement.
He will then finally attend a lunch hosted by US Vice President Joe Biden and US Secretary of the State.
Modi will conclude his visit by a meeting with the speaker of the House of Representatives.

Flashback to 2006: When Orkut was the opium of the Internet masses21
1
Google is shutting down its once-popular social networking website Orkut on September 30. The glory days of Orkut are now long gone with its last bastions India and Brazil also switching their loyalties to Facebook, this news item from eight years ago gives us an idea of how popular and addictive Orkut was.
Mumbai, July 26, 2006 (IANS): It could well be termed the opium of the Internet masses - such is the addiction of the Orkut web-based community that has evolved into a virtual alternative online world.
A science undergraduate, Rajeev Krishnan says that his addiction to Orkut has taken a "serious toll" on his leisure time.
A news story from eight years ago gives us an idea of how popular and addictive Orkut used to be. ( Orkut , via Shutterstock)
#orkut #social networking #google #internet
So much has Orkut seeped into Krishnan's system that he spends more than three hours a day with the community at the cost of his other interests including, singing, watching films and reading.
A Google subsidiary, Orkut is an Internet social network service named after its creator, Google employee Orkut Büyükkökten.
It claims to be designed to help users meet new friends and maintain existing relationships.
It has been growing by leaps and bounds internationally since its launch in January 2004.
"Ever since I joined Orkut last month I have spent hundreds of rupees on browsing. Its almost like Orkut is the drug and I am the addict," Krishnan said.
Indians (6.7 percent) are the third largest group of Orkut users after Brazil (67 per cent) and the US (13 per cent).
There are some 23.8 million Orkutters worldwide.
There are communities ranging from the "I hate Himesh Reshammiya" or "I love Amitabh Bachchan" to inane topics like "Tea biscuit dipping" and "Coyote fans", all of whom have a reasonable membership.
"The best thing about Orkut is that it connected me with a lot of my school friends. The last I met and spoke to them was some 13 years back," said Chennai-based-filmmaker Shalini Shankar.
Indeed, Orkut's strength has been the committed number of Google and Gmail users who are being hooked, by invitation only.
In fact, so rapid has been Orkut's growth that it often runs slow or is unavailable - producing a "Bad, bad server. No donut for you" error message.
However, on the other hand there are another downside-hate campaigns.
"Hate groups and anti-social elements to propagate their own agenda are using Orkut. There are any number of communities promoting racial and religious hatred," said Bangalore-based software engineer Anurag Mathur.
There are groups that hold "north Indians leave Bangalore" and others that espouse the Nazi cause.
Media reports in the aftermath of the Mumbai serial blasts said that underworld don Dawood Ibrahim was informed via Orkut about the blasts hours before they took place.
Orkut has a solution for this.
If more than 10 Orkut users complain against a community or a member, the entity is deemed fit to be declared bogus and is subsequently deleted.
There have also been cases of members adding strangers to their pool of friends just to increase the numbers against their names and profiles.
"It is a major boost to the ego to see a large number of friends listed besides one's profile and - even better - the number of fans one has," Mathur pointed out.
"And for a few days if you do not have any scraps (messages) in your inbox or responses to your observations from you fellow community members, then you tend to get withdrawal symptoms," he added.
6

Thousands block Hong Kong streets  defy ChinaProtesters stay out on Hong Kong streets, defying Beijing
By By James Pomfret and Charlie Zhu | Reuters –  Tue 30 Sep, 2014
Print
By James Pomfret and Charlie Zhu
HONG KONG (Reuters) - Tens of thousands of pro-democracy protesters blocked Hong Kong streets in the early hours on Tuesday, maintaining pressure on China as it faces one of its biggest political challenges since the Tiananmen Square crackdown 25 years ago.
Riot police had largely withdrawn and there were none of the clashes, tear gas and baton charges that had erupted over the weekend. As tensions eased, some exhausted demonstrators slept on roadsides while others sang songs or chanted slogans.
One young police officer relaxed in a chair and played on his mobile phone as thousands of demonstrators milled in the streets nearby, some singing and dancing.
Asked why there were so few police, he replied: "Actually, I don't have a reason for you. But we are tired. We are all human beings so we need a rest."
The protesters, mostly students, are demanding full democracy and have called on the city's leader Leung Chun-ying to step down after Beijing last month announced a plan to limit 2017 elections for Hong Kong's leader, known as the Chief Executive, to a handful of candidates loyal to Beijing.
China rules Hong Kong under a "one country, two systems" formula that accords the former British colony a degree of autonomy and freedoms not enjoyed in mainland China, with universal suffrage set as an eventual goal.
Communist Party leaders worry that calls for democracy could spread to the mainland, and have been aggressively censoring news and social media comments about the Hong Kong demonstrations.
The outside world has looked on warily, concerned that the clashes could spread and trigger a much harsher crackdown.
"The United States urges the Hong Kong authorities to exercise restraint and for protesters to express their views peacefully," White House spokesman Josh Earnest told a daily briefing on Monday.
The demonstrations, labeled "illegal" by China's Communist-run government in Beijing, are the worst in Hong Kong since China resumed its rule over the territory in 1997.
At their height, white clouds of tear gas wafted among some of the world's most valuable office towers and shopping malls, before riot police suddenly withdrew around lunchtime on Monday.
As tensions subsided, weary protesters dozed or sheltered from the sun beneath umbrellas, which have become a symbol of what some are calling the "umbrella revolution".
In addition to protection from the elements, umbrellas have been used as flimsy shields against pepper spray.
Organizers said that as many as 80,000 people thronged the streets after the protests flared up on Friday night. No independent estimate of numbers was available.
On Monday and early Tuesday, protesters massed in at least four of Hong Kong's busiest areas, including Admiralty, where Hong Kong's government is headquartered, the Central business district, Causeway Bay, known for its shopping, and the densely populated Mong Kok district in Kowloon.
"I must stress that the events happening now cannot be attributed to the students or Occupy Central. It has evolved into a civil movement," said leader of the Hong Kong Federation of Students, Alex Chow.
INTERNATIONAL CONCERN
The movement puts Beijing's ruling Communist Party in a difficult position. Cracking down too hard could shake confidence in market-driven Hong Kong, while not reacting firmly enough could embolden dissidents on the mainland.
The protests are expected to escalate on Oct. 1, China's National Day holiday, with residents of the nearby former Portuguese enclave of Macau planning a rally.
Pro-democracy supporters from other countries are also expected to protest, potentially causing further embarrassment.
Televised scenes of the chaos in Hong Kong over the weekend have already made a deep impression outside the financial hub.
That was especially the case in Taiwan, which has full democracy but is considered by China as a renegade province that must one day be reunited with the Communist-run mainland.
Taiwan President Ma Ying-jeou said Beijing needed "to listen carefully to the demands of the Hong Kong people".
Britain said it was concerned about the situation and called for the right of protest to be protected.
Earlier, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said Beijing was "resolutely opposed to any country attempting in any way to support such illegal activities like 'Occupy Central'."
"We are fully confident in the long-term prosperity and stability of Hong Kong, because I believe this is in keeping with the interests of all the people in China, the region and the world," she said.
In 1989, Beijing's Tiananmen crackdown sent shockwaves through Hong Kong as people saw how far China's rulers would go to keep their grip on power.
SOME BANKS PULL DOWN SHUTTERS
Banks in Hong Kong, including HSBC , Citigroup , Bank of China <601988.SS>, Standard Chartered and DBS , shut some branches and advised staff to work from home or go to secondary branches.
While the financial fallout from the turmoil has been limited so far, Hong Kong shares <.HSI> ended down 1.9 percent on Monday.
About 200 workers at Swire Beverage, a unit of Hong Kong conglomerate Swire Pacific <0019.HK> and a major bottler for the Coca-Cola Company , went on strike in support of the protesters, a union representative said. They also demanded the city's leader step down.
The protests have spooked tourists, with arrivals from China down sharply ahead of this week's National Day holidays. Hong Kong on Monday canceled the city's fireworks display over the harbor, meant to mark the holiday. The United States, Australia and Singapore issued travel alerts.
In Kowloon, across the harbor from Central district, tens of thousands of people packed the streets with no police in sight. The protesters were highly organized, with supply stations stacked with water bottles, fruit, biscuits, chocolate bars and other food.
(Additional reporting by Donny Kwok, Elzio Barreto, Clare Baldwin; Venus Wu, Yimou Lee, Diana Chan, Kinling Lo, Twinnie Siu, Bobby Yip, Lisa Jucca, Greg Torode, Umesh Desai, Saikat Chatterjee, Twinnie Siu and Stefanie McIntyre in HONG KONG; Writing by John Ruwitch and Anne-Marie Roantree; Editing by Mike Collett-White)
Recommend

Narendra Modi  Barack Obama unveil India-US  vision :  Chalein Saath SaathE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

GDP growth to accelerate to 6.3% next fiscal...You are here: Home > Collections
RBI projects GDP growth to accelerate to 6.3% next fiscal
PTI Sep 30, 2014, 01.22PM IST
Tags:
gdp
(The 5.7 % growth in the first…)
MUMBAI: The RBI today said the country's GDP growth, which it estimates to be 5.5 per cent in the current fiscal, will improve to 6.3 per cent in 2015-16.
"For 2014-15, real GDP growth is projected to lie between 5 and 6 per cent, with a central estimate of 5.5 per cent... for 2015-16, real GDP growth is projected to rise to 6.3 per cent," the central bank said in its Monetary Policy report released today.
It said the 5.7 per cent growth in the first quarter of the current fiscal surprised on the upside and stated that the same has slackened in the second quarter.
One of the major contributors for the decline in growth will be the monsoon deficiency, which also affects non- agricultural sectors through demand effects, RBI report said.
However, the growth will grow towards the end of the fiscal, it said, adding that an improvement in exports driven by positive sentiments in the global markets and an increase in the yield-chasing fund inflows into the country will be the primary contributors for this.
A survey of professional forecasters conducted by the Reserve Bank pegged 2014-15 growth at 5.5 per cent and expects a major improvement in the number to 6.5 per cent in fiscal.
On the risks to growth, RBI said uncertainties around global recovery, any adverse effect on the commodity prices, a below-normal monsoon in the next fiscal, a depreciation in the rupee and inabilities to augment supply capacities are the biggest detrimental factors.
It can be noted that the country has had two consecutive fiscals of sub-5 per cent growth and clocked a growth of 4.7 per cent in the last fiscal.
Even though the April-June quarter growth at 5.7 per cent was healthy, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan said the recovery process in the country is "uneven", pointing to data releases like a fall in factory output during July.
FEATURED ARTICLES

LIVE: Kollywood stars  AIADMK supporters stage protestUpdated: October 3, 2014 09:36 IST
Kollywood stars, AIADMK supporters stage protest
Tweet
The Hindu Actors Surya and Sivakarthikeyan at the protest. Photo: K. Pichumani
Producer Kalaipuli S. Dhanu with Director Cheran and Pyramid Natarajan at the Chepauk state guest house where members of the film industry are participating in a fast to protest Jayalalithaa's conviction, in Chennai on Tuesday. Photo: K. Pichumani
Actor Vikram with actor Karthi at the solidarity meet in Chennai.
The Hindu Actor-politician Sarath Kumar, producer Abirami Ramanathan at the Chepauk state guest house where members of the film industry are participating in a fast to protest Jayalalithaa's conviction, in Chennai on Tuesday. Photo: K. Pichumani
In a show of support for former CM Jayalalithaa, AIADMK cadres and the Tamil film fraternity stage protests
3.00 pm: Cinema halls shut down in Chennai today. Distributors expressed solidarity with film industry protesting the verdict in Jayalalitha's disproportionate assets case. This is a picture outside Sangam theatre. Photo: Petlee Peter
2.00 pm: Posters hailing former Chief Minister Jayalalithaa at the protest venue
1.00 pm: Actor Karthi arrived just moments ago to a rousing welcome by fans
12.25 pm: Superstar Rajinikanth will not participate in the solidarity gathering as he is in Bangalore today. Actor Kamal Haasan too is unlikely to participate.
Kasimedu fishermen stage token fast,another gathering at Moolakadai junction says @petleepeter . @ChennaiConnect @ramyakannan #Jayaverdict
— Asha (@sridhar_asha) September 30, 2014
Director Bala at the solidarity gathering.
12.15 pm: Despite the scorching sun, the supporters of AIADMK have turned up in big numbers for the show of solidarity organised by the Tamil film fraternity for Jayalalithaa. There is no confirmation as to whether the top heroes of Tamil cinema will participate since since the meeting was planned only late yesterday evening. Actor Suriya and Karthi, however, are expected to participate post noon.
Vellore Corporation council passes special resolution condemning Jaya's conviction in disproportionate assets case.
— serena josephine (@serenasundar) September 30, 2014
Watch: Kollywood's show of support
Protests in Chennai: Agitators condemning the verdict against Ms. Jayalaithaa gathered in different location in Chennai from 9 am onwards. Flags and banners expressing solidarity for the AIADMK supremo were flashed throughout the city. Earlier an anonymous caller issued a telephonic threat that a bomb is planted for the stage opposite the State guest house, Chepauk hosting the event. Bomb squads were despatched to the location and a thorough inspection for nearly an hour proved the threat to be a hoax. Police are probing further to track the anonymous caller.
Actors Prabhu and Sathyaraj join the protest. Photo: K. Pichumani
12.00 pm: Let me state that this is not a protest. We are shocked and saddened by the verdict and this is to show our support to her in these difficult times. We are hoping she would soon be acquitted from the case and come back as Tamil Nadu's Chief Minister. - Director Vikraman, President of Tamil Nadu Film Directors Association.
11.50am: We are not here under any compulsion or threat from anyone. The CM has supported the film industry in many ways. Which is why we are here to support her, said Actor Sarathkumar
11.10 am: The Karnataka High Court adjourned Jayalalithaa's bail application and appeal to Monday, October 6, 2014.
11.00 am: Protests and fasts staged in Cuddalore, Banruti, Kancheepuram, Erode, Sathiyamangalam and other places.
10.50 a.m.: Producer Keyaar, Director S.J. Surya and others at the protest being held by the film fraternity in Chepauk.
10.45 a.m.: Producer Kunjumon and Director P. Vasu at the film industry sit in to protest.
10.40 a.m.: Actor-politician Sarath Kumar, producer Abirami Ramanathan at the Chepauk state guest house where members of the film industry are participating in a fast to protest Jayalalithaa's conviction, in Chennai on Tuesday. Photo: K. Pichumani
10.20: Girl who attemped self-immolation dies in Madurai. Read
Film industry rallies around leader
All film screenings in the State would be cancelled on Tuesday, in a show of support for Jayalalithaa. Read here
Jayalalithaa bail hearing in Bangalore
Bangalore city police have tightened security around Karnataka High Court in view of hearing on appeal by AIADMK chief Jayalalithaa, who has sought suspension of sentence and bail following her conviction in Rs.53.6 crore disproportionate assets case.
A large number of AIADMK supporters who have come to the High Court premises have been stopped outside court's entrance gates. The Court Hall 11, where vacation bench will be hearing Ms Jayalalithaa's plea along with petitions related to criminal cases, is jampacked at 10 am though sitting will start only at 10.30 am.

Anand of Super 30 invited to MIT  HarvardUpdated: September 30, 2014 13:49 IST
Anand of Super 30 invited to MIT, Harvard
Amarnath Tewary
The Hindu Anand Kumar with Manjul Bhargava.
Meets Manjul Bhargava, who recently had won the prestigious 2014 Field Medal of Mathematics
Anand Kumar, founder of Super 30, a Patna-based coaching institute for India Institute of Technology, especially for the poor and underprivileged students, has been invited by the prestigious Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) and Harvard University to address their students. He also met eminent mathematician and winner of this year’s coveted Fields Medal Manjul Bhargava.
Mr. Kumar told The Hindu from U.S. that he would be addressing students at MIT media lab on Tuesday and the very next day he will speak at the International Education Policy programme of Harvard University.

Sandhu seeks Cabinet nod for proposal on PSB capitalizationSep 30, 2014, 01.32 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Sandhu seeks Cabinet nod for proposal on PSB capitalization
On the sidelines of fourth bi-monthly credit policy review today, Sandhu said, “The economic parameters are right but we have to see when things stabilise. The Reserve Bank of India fully understands the issue and will take a view when the time is ripe.”
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sandhu seeks Cabinet nod for proposal on PSB capitalization
On the sidelines of fourth bi-monthly credit policy review today, Sandhu said, “The economic parameters are right but we have to see when things stabilise. The Reserve Bank of India fully understands the issue and will take a view when the time is ripe.”
Post your opinion here
 
Financial Services Secretary G S Sandhu on Tuesday sought Cabinet’s approval to cut stake in public sector banks to 52 percent from 56 percent. PSU banks are yet to fix on instruments for share sale, after which, the Cabinet may come to a decision in October.
On the sidelines of fourth bi-monthly credit policy review today, Sandhu said, “The economic parameters are right but we have to see when things stabilise. The Reserve Bank of India fully understands the issue and will take a view when the time is ripe.”
Meanwhile, Indian Banks' Association (IBA) will meet again to break the wage settlement deadlock, adds Sandhu.
RELATED NEWS

DA case: Jayalalithaa to stay in Bangalore jail as HC adjourns bail hearing till October 6more »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Diesel rate likely to be cut by Re 1/ltr  pe...You are here: Home > Collections
Diesel rate likely to be cut by Re 1/litre, petrol by Rs 1.75
PTI Sep 30, 2014, 01.58PM IST
Tags:
Congress
(State-owned oil firms are…)
NEW DELHI: Diesel price is likely to be cut by about Re 1 per litre, the first reduction in rates in over five years, while petrol price may be slashed by Rs 1.75.
State-owned oil firms are likely to announce reduction in rates, made possible because of softening in international oil rates, this evening, government and industry sources said.
Under-recovery or the difference between retail price and its imported cost was wiped out and there was an over-recovery of 35 paise a litre from September 16. This over-recovery is now about Re 1 a litre. Diesel rate likely to be cut by Re 1/litre, petrol by Rs 1.75
While the government had resisted the temptation to cut rates then, prices are likely to be reduced at the fortnightly review due today.
Sources said oil ministry is of the view that while the Cabinet Committee on Political Affairs (CCPA) had on January 17, 2013 allowed a monthly increase in diesel price of 40-50 paise per month to wipe out the under-recovery, it wasn't envisaged that there would be over-recovery.
It wants to reduce diesel price to protect state-owned oil companies' market share, which may be lost to private retailers who would be selling diesel in tandem with international prices.
Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan is believed to have already written to Prime Minister Narendra Modi on the emerging scenario. Also, it has written to the Election Commission seeking their concurrence for the price decrease in view of state assembly elections in Maharashtra and Haryana.
This would be the first reduction in diesel rates in over five years. Diesel rates were last cut on January 29, 2009 when they were reduced by Rs 2 a litre to Rs 30.86.
Since then rates have only increased as international oil prices climbed. Since January 2013, diesel prices have been raised by up to 50 paise a litre every month to eliminate under-recoveries.
Like diesel, state-owned oil companies had also not changed petrol rates on September 16 though it warranted a 54 paise increase as its benchmark gasoline rates had firmed up in international market.
This is perhaps the first time that retail prices in India are higher than global rates.
Oil companies calculate the desired retail selling price of petrol and diesel on 1st and 16th of every month based on average international benchmark price and rupee-dollar exchange rate.
The next revision in diesel and petrol prices is due today.
Originally, petrol and diesel prices were deregulated in April 2002 when NDA government was in power. Administered pricing regime, however, made a back-door entry towards the end of NDA regime in the first quarter of 2004 when crude prices started inching up.
Congress-led UPA controlled rates as international oil prices went through the roof. In June 2010, however, it freed petrol price from its control and rates have since them moved more or less in tandem with cost.
In January 2013, the UPA decided to deregulate diesel prices in stages through monthly 50 paise a litre increases. Rates were last raised on August 31 after which losses have been wiped out.
Rates have cumulatively risen by Rs 11.81 per litre in 19 instalments since January 2013.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Indian community gathers to welcome PM Modi outside White HouseIndian community gathers to welcome PM Modi outside White House
CNN-IBN | Sep 30, 2014 at 01:13pm
An good number on Indian-Americans are waiting outside the White House to catch a glimpse of Prime Minister Narendra Modi. US President Barack Obama has hosted a private dinner for the PM.
Idol Chat: In conversation with Emraan Hashmi
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

The U.S. military forces fighting the war on EbolaBy J. Freedom du Lac October 13 Follow @jfdulac
At Fort Campbell, Ky., James Knight of U.S. Army Medical Research Institute of Infectious Diseases trains soldiers from the 101st Airborne Division (Air Assault) before their deployment to West Africa. (Harrison McClary/Reuters)
In mid-September, nearly six months into the deadliest Ebola outbreak in history, President Obama formally announced that the U.S. military would lead the fight against the virus in West Africa.
"The reality is, this epidemic is going to get worse before it gets better," Obama said  Sept. 16. "But right now, the world still has an opportunity to save countless lives."
The U.S. military is sending as many as 4,000 service members to West Africa, where they will provide medical, logistical and security support for what the Department of Defense has dubbed Operation United Assistance.
"Stopping the spread of this disease is the core mission here," Gen. David Rodriguez, chief of U.S. Africa Command, said last week .
Gen. David Rodriguez, commander of U.S. Africa Command, said at a Pentagon briefing on Tuesday that the U.S. military effort to combat Ebola in West Africa would take "about a year," but that the timeline would depend on the spread of the virus and the scope of international participation. (AP)
As The Post's Checkpoint blog reported , the bulk of the military’s deployments will come from the Army.
Late last month, in Liberia's capital of Monrovia, U.S. Africa Command's Maj. Gen. Darryl A. Williams told reporters that the U.S. operation "is about urgency and speed," according to Reuters.
Among the first orders of business: building a 25-bed hospital for health-care workers who become infected with the deadly virus while working on the front lines of the Ebola outbreak. The modular hospital, known in military parlance as an expeditionary medical support system ( EMED for short ), is being constructed near the airport outside Monrovia.
Maj. Gen. Darryl Williams speaks to U.S. Navy Seabees on Oct. 9 at the hospital construction site. (John Moore/Getty Images)
Air Force personnel put up tents at the site of the 25-bed modular hospital Oct. 9. (John Moore/Getty Images)
U.S. Air Force personnel set up an air conditioning unit at the hospital site Oct. 8. (John Moore/Getty Images)
A U.S. Air Force airman pauses to re-hydrate Oct. 8 while constructing the modular hospital. (John Moore/Getty Images)
U.S. Air Force airmen disinfect their hands Oct. 8 after a day of work at the hospital construction site. (John Moore/Getty Images)
The U.S. military is also planning to build and supply 17 treatment units across the Ebola-ravaged country, according to Reuters. But, added Williams, the war on Ebola will be led by Liberia.
"The (Armed Forces of Liberia) has a great capability," Williams said. "They are already out there ... and helping us, because they have this knowledge of the local area. So we are not doing anything by ourselves."
Members of the Liberian Army work on an Ebola treatment center in Tubmanburg, Liberia, on Oct. 11. It is the first of 17 centers to be built nationwide with the U.S. military. (John Moore/Getty Images)
A Liberian soldier and his U.S. Marine mentor mark a landing zone Oct. 11 in Tubmanburg, Liberia. (John Moore/Getty Images)
Liberian Army and U.S. Marine engineers take cover from the downdraft of a Marine MS-22 Osprey  on Oct. 11 in Tubmanburg, Liberia. (John Moore/Getty Images)
A U.S. Air Force airman fences a construction site with barbed wire in Monrovia. (Pascal Guyot/AFP/Getty Images)
But according to Voice of America , "local residents had mixed feelings about the military involvement as the first uniformed soldiers arrived here at the end of September."
A man in Liberia reads a newspaper, whose front-page headline Sept. 17 was about the U.S. deployment. (Abbas Dulleh/Associated Press)
"Well, seeing them is like sometimes happiness, sometimes not. I don’t know," Acostel Tmba, a local resident, told Voice of America. "I don’t know their real mission here.
"I overheard that they're here for them to fight the Ebola virus in this nation. So seeing them, sometime we’re pleased for us to see the U.S. Army in this country, for them to help to fight the Ebola virus."
In the United States, troops preparing for the mission have been training to properly put on and remove personal protective equipment for a new kind of war.
"I mean, it's nice that you're not worried about getting shot," Army Spec. Cody Adams, who served in Afghanistan, told public radio station WPLN during training at Fort Campbell, Ky. "But just — the threat is everywhere now."
Ebola, Army Sgt. Anthony Maddox told CBS News , is "just like a hostile combatant on the battlefield, it can kill you. But this one isn't so much ... you can't see it — you know it's there, but you can't see it."
Soldiers from the 101st Airborne Division put on protective suits at Fort Campbell during training before their deployment to West Africa. (Harrison McClary/Reuters)
Another training exercise at Fort Campbell, on Oct. 9. (Stephen Lance/The Courier-Journal via Associated Press)
Sgt. Joel Miick, left, and Spec. Michael Potts don gas masks while training with the rest of the 36th Engineer Brigade at Fort Hood, Tex., on Oct. 9. (Kin Man Hui/San Antonio Express-News via Associated Press)
Soldiers from the U.S. have arrived in the Liberian capital Monrovia to help fight the spread of the deadly Ebola virus. They are building a 25-bed Ebola isolation center for health-care workers infected with the disease. (Reuters)
[This post, originally published Sept. 29, has been updated.]
Read more:

Karbonn launches quad-core Titanium S20 KitKat phone at Rs4 999Karbonn Titanium S20 runs on a 1.3GHz quad-core processor and Android 4.4 KitKat operating system.
Tech Desk | New Delhi | Posted: September 30, 2014 2:41 pm | Updated: September 30, 2014 4:22 pm
Karbonn has launched its Titanium S20 at a price of Rs. 4,999 on Amazon.in. The Titanium S20 runs on a 1.3GHz quad-core processor and Android 4.4 KitKat operating system. Karbonn has also partnered with Aircel to offer 500 MB free data usage per month for three months.
The smartphone comes with a 4.5-inch FWVGA capacitive touch display along with a 5 MP rear camera and 0.3MP front facing camera. The device is powered by 1 GB of RAM and offers 4 GB of internal storage which can be expanded up to 32 GB.
The dual-SIM (GSM+GSM) 3G smartphone offers Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, GPS navigation, G-Sensor, Light, Proximity sensors and is powered by a 1600 mAh battery. Measuring 15.6 x 9.6 x 5.8 cms, the Karbonn Titanium S20 comes with an additional flip cover in Black and White colours.
Specs:
Android v4.4 KitKat operating system
1.3GHz quad core processor
4GB internal memory expandable up to 32GB
5MP primary camera with flash and 0.3MP front facing camera
Dual SIM (GSM+GSM)

RCom to bring debt under 200 bn in 2 yrs: An...4G
(Ambani also said Reliance…)
MUMBAI: Reliance Communications , India's No. 4 telecom operator by subscribers, plans to cut debt to less than Rs 20,000 crore in 24 months and is preparing to participate in upcoming spectrum auctions, which could lead the company launching fourth generation (4G) services as early as next year, Chairman Anil Ambani said.
"That (4G launch) will give customers the chance of getting all possible services," Ambani said at the company's 10th annual general meeting on Tuesday.
RCOM has some Rs 35,000 crore of debt and currently doesn't have any 4G spectrum. Very little of the bandwidth that will be offered in the auction early next year can be used for 4G.
"Even if it were viable to launch a cost-effective 4G service, the company would do better to contain its debt by that amount rather than jumping the gun on launching 4G," said Harit Shah, a senior research analyst at Karvy Stock Broking.
He was referring to estimates that the widespread adoption of 4Gis still two to three years away.
In the upcoming auction, 184 MHz in the 900 MHz band and 104 in the 1800 MHz band will be offered.
RCom will first need to bid to retain its 900 MHz of airwaves that are expiring and will be re-auctioned in seven service areas. Also, 4G spectrum will be offered only in Tamil Nadu and Orissa - three slots each - and Rajasthan and Kolkata - one slot each.
RCom may be able to get into 4G services through spectrum sharing or trading, depending on the rules that are expected to be announced by the end of this year, say some analysts.
FEATURED ARTICLES

BSE to auction govt bonds of Rs 4 176 cr tom...You are here: Home > Collections > Bse
BSE to auction government bonds worth Rs 4,176 crore tomorrow
PTI Sep 30, 2014, 02.33PM IST
Tags:
BSE
(The auction would be conducted…)
NEW DELHI: Leading stock exchange BSE will auction tomorrow government debt securities worth Rs 4,176 crore for overseas investors.
The auction would be conducted for overseas investors at BSE's ebidxchange platform for government debt securities, as per information provided by the bourse.
"...Live bidding session for allocation of debt investment limits for FII (Foreign Institutional Investors)and Sub-accounts shall be conducted on Wednesday, October 1, 2014 on exchange's 'ebidxchange'," BSE said in a circular issued today.
The debt auction quotas give overseas investors the right to invest in debt up to the limit purchased.
The auction will begin at 1530 hours and close at 1730 hours. A mock bidding session would be conducted today to check the system performance.
In the auction conducted by National Stock Exchange earlier this month, government bond had attracted bids worth Rs 4,963 crore, against such securities valued Rs 3,117 crore on offer.
Foreign investors have invested a net amount of over Rs 1.2 lakh crore in debt market so far in 2014. Equity market has also seen similar trends with overseas fund inflow of over Rs 83,000 crore since the beginning of the year.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex Falls 300 Points from Day s High; Nifty Below 7 950You are here: Home Market
Sensex, Nifty Turn Flat; Bank, Realty Stocks Weigh
NDTV | Updated On: September 30, 2014 15:48 (IST)
Markets to Track Winter Session Action: Experts
The BSE Sensex fell over 250 points from its intra-day highs led by selling in rate-sensitive banking and real estate stocks.
The Sensex was down 18 points to 26,578, after rising to its 26,851.33 day's high. The Sensex had rallied over 200 points at its day's high as some analysts termed Reserve Bank of India's policy stance as less hawkish as compared to its earlier policy statement in August.
Gaurang Shah, assistant vice president at Geojit BNP Paribas Financial Services, attributed the selling to traders' paring their positions at higher levels due to the extended weekend holidays. Indian markets are closed on Thursday, Friday and Monday.
Mr Shah sees limited downside for the markets. The Nifty is likely to trade in the 7880-8000 levels in the near term, he added.
Earlier in the day, the RBI kept its key policy repo rate unchanged at 8.0 per cent, as widely expected, and also left its main liquidity levers - the statutory liquidity ratio (SLR) and the cash reserve ratio (CRR) - untouched. RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan however sent a strong signal that it will refrain from cutting interest rates until it is confident that consumer inflation can be reduced to a target of 6 per cent by January 2016.
The Bank Nifty fell 0.38 per cent to 15,414. Axis bank, Union Bank of India fell nearly 2 per cent while Bank of India was down over 3 per cent.
The CNX Realty index also lost 1.85 per cent, led by fall in DLF and Indiabulls Real Estate which were down 5.37 per cent and 3.7 per cent respectively. (With Agency Inputs)
Story first published on: September 30, 2014 15:05 (IST)

RBI Will Cut Interest Rate at the Right Time: GS SandhuCommercial Mining of Coal to be Allowed After Auction: Finance Minister
New Delhi:
With RBI keeping its short term lending rate unchanged citing inflation risks, Financial Services Secretary G S Sandhu today said the central bank understands the needs of market and would cut interest rate at the right time.
"RBI is fully understanding the issue, it fully understands needs and expectation of markets, so they will take a view (on cutting policy rates) when the time is right," Sandhu said at an event when asked to comment on RBI's continued status quo on policy rates in today's s bi-monthly monetary policy.
Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan today left all key rates unchanged citing continued risks to inflation and difficult external situation especially on the geopolitical front.
This is the fourth consecutive time that the RBI has kept key interest rates unaltered despite clamours from the industry to cut rates to boost economy.
The short-term lending rate (repo) rate remained at 8 per cent, and the cash reserve requirement of banks at 4 per cent. The statutory liquidity ratio (SLR) has also been retained at 22 per cent.
Explaining the rationale for status quo policy, Rajan today said though WPI inflation has ebbed to levels consistent with 8 per cent inflation by January 2015, "there are risks from food price shocks as the full effects of the monsoon's passage unfold, and from geo-political developments that could materialise rapidly."
He said there are "uncertainties" over food inflation even though 6 per cent retail inflation target by January, 2016, remains a possibility.
"The future policy stance will be influenced by the RBI's projections of inflation relative to the medium term objective of 6 percent by January 2016, while being contingent on incoming data," Rajan said.
Consumer price inflation stood 7.8 percent in August.
Story first published on: September 30, 2014 13:50 (IST)

ETF is an efficient way to invest in gold: Expertetf is an efficient way to invest in gold: expert
Bell Agromachina: Outcome of AGMSep 30, 2014, 02.18 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Bell Agromachina: Outcome of AGM
Bell Agromachina Ltd has informed BSE that the 25th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Bell Agromachina: Outcome of AGM
Bell Agromachina Ltd has informed BSE that the 25th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Bell Agromachina Ltd has informed BSE that the 25th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

RT Exports: Outcome of court convened meetingSep 30, 2014, 02.18 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
RT Exports: Outcome of court convened meeting
RT Exports Ltd has informed BSE regarding Outcome of Court Convened Meeting of 6% Non-Cumulative Redeemable Preference Shareholder of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
RT Exports: Outcome of court convened meeting
RT Exports Ltd has informed BSE regarding Outcome of Court Convened Meeting of 6% Non-Cumulative Redeemable Preference Shareholder of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
RT Exports Ltd has informed BSE regarding Outcome of Court Convened Meeting of 6% Non-Cumulative Redeemable Preference Shareholder of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Body of Missing Real Estate Agent Found: Copsbody of missing real estate agent found: cops
MCX-SXCCL seeks candidates for managing director  CEO postMCX-SXCCL seeks candidates for managing director  CEO post
RAK Ceramics aims to double revenues in three yearsRAK Ceramics aims to double revenues in three years
Press Trust of India | Kolkata Sep 30, 2014 02:00 PM IST
Leading ceramics manufacturer RAK Ceramics is planning to stage roadshows across 50 cities pan-India with the aim to double the revenue of the company in the next three years.
"We are planning to hold roadshows across 50 cities pan- India to reach our target of doubling the revenue in the next three years which includes Tier II and Tier III cities," Santosh Nema, CEO, RAK Ceramics, said.
"Demands are much bigger from smaller cities than bigger cities as bigger cities are already developed with global phenomenon, whereas smaller cities are not," he said in a statement today.
RAK Ceramics has its manufacturing plant in Samalkot in Andhra Pradesh with a manufacturing capacity of 30,000 sq mt of vitrified tiles per day and 2,000 sanitary ware pieces per day, the company said.

We have an unstable Pakistan and an insecure Kashmir: Mehbooba MuftiWe have an unstable Pakistan and an insecure Kashmir: Mehbooba Mufti
Produced by Andrew ClaranceUpdated: September 8, 2014 11:00 am
Related

Tech Mah s 100% stake in LCCSave this video
Copy URL
According to sources, Tech Mahindra may buy 100% stake in Lightbridge Comm Group (LCC) for around $300 mn that could give the company a foothold in US telecom market.
125

PM motivates billion IndiansSave this video
Copy URL
India is blessed with a leader whose unique leadership quality is that he dreams &amp; does and motivates a billion Indians". Mukesh Ambani said.
711

S&P upgrade stuns the bears..will they react..s&p upgrade stuns the bears..will they react..
Gammon Infrastructure see 72% of equity change handsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Tamil Nadus new chief minister breaks down while taking oathEYE BROWSE
Tamil Nadu’s new chief minister breaks down while taking oath
Panneerselvam, who once ran a tea stall, once become the chief minister in similar circumstances in 2001 and held the post until Jayalalithaa bounced back.
Yahoo India –  Mon 29 Sep, 2014
CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu's O. Panneerselvam and other members of AIADMK today broke down during the oath-taking ceremony in which the former TN finance minister succeeded the jailed J. Jayalalithaa, who Saturday began serving a four-year prison sentence for corruption.
Aged 63, Panneerselvam was elected the leader of the AIADMK legislature party Sunday evening.
29 ministers in AIADMK's government were also sworn in again as ministers.
Panneerselvam, who once ran a tea stall, once become the chief minister in similar circumstances in 2001 and held the post until Jayalalithaa bounced back.
The unanimous decision on Panneerselvam came hours after he and a few AIADMK leaders met Jayalalithaa at the Bangalore Central Jail and she told them to elect a new leader quickly to "assuage the hurt feelings" of the thousands of party cadres in Tamil Nadu following her jailing.
Earlier in the day, Jayalalithaa filed a criminal revision petition in the Karnataka High Court here, seeking suspension of the four-year jail sentence and bail in the corruption case.
Jayalalithaa's senior counsel B. Kumar filed a set of four applications with the high court registrar for an early hearing, seeking suspension of the sentence, bail for her release, review of the hefty Rs.100 crore fine and stay on conviction, an AIADMK leader told IANS here.
As the high court is on a week-long holiday till Oct 6, the petitions will be put up before a vacation bench, which will hear only urgent or special cases Tuesday.
A special court here Saturday convicted Jayalalithaa in the 18-year-old case of amassing wealth disproportionate to her known income and sentenced her to four years in jail.
Jayalalithaa was jailed late Saturday after a special judge sentenced her to four years in prison for amassing wealth illegally when she was chief minister in 1991-96. She was also fined Rs 100 crore.
The properties include about 800 kg of silver, 28 kg of gold ornaments, 750 pairs of shoes, 10,500 saris, 91 watches and other valuables.
Along with Jayalalithaa, three others were also sentenced to four years in jail in the case although the fine imposed is Rs.10 crore on each of them.
The three convicted are Sasikala Natarajan, V.N. Sudhakaran and J. Illavarasi.
Jayalalithaa has been disqualified from being a member of the Tamil Nadu assembly and removed from the chief minister's post Monday after the trial court submitted a copy of the 900-page judgement to Tamil Nadu Governor K. Rosaiah in Chennai. (Agencies)
Recommend

85 militants surrender in southwestern PakistanThe militants were involved in attacks at the forces in Dera Bugti and Sui area of the province. (File picture)
PTI | Islamabad | Posted: September 29, 2014 5:31 pm
At least 85 tribal militants belonging to Bugti tribe of slain Baloch nationalist leader Akbar Khan Bugti Monday renounced violence by surrendering their weapons, Pakistan security forces said.
The militants bid adieu to violence in Sui area of the Balochistan province which is a stronghold for the followers of Bugti tribesmen.
Paramilitary Frontier Coprs (FC) spokesman Khan Wasay said among those surrendering included 15 Bugti tribesmen and their 70 accomplices associated to various sub clans of main Bugti tribe.
They were involved in attacks at the forces in Dera Bugti and Sui area of the province, he said.
The militants surrendered in presence of FC Inspector General Maj Gen Muhammad Ejaz Shahid at a ceremony attended by tribal elders and senior officials.
Their weapons included 89 rifles and landmines.
The provincial government has already declared amnesty for people returning their weapons and becoming peaceful.
The mineral-rich Balochistan is facing a low-level militancy by nationalist Balochs who allege that the federal government is exploiting their resources.
The situation has improved after last year’s election which saw the appointment of respected moderate leader Dr Abdul Malik Baloch as chief minister.
Akbar Khan Bugti, who served as Minister of State for Interior and Governor of Balochistan, was killed in his cave in Kohlu on August 26, 2006 during military ruler Pervez Musharraf’s regime.

Huawei eyes up to 50 % growth in devices businessNEW DELHI, September 29, 2014
Updated: September 29, 2014 22:30 IST
Huawei eyes up to 50 % growth in devices business
Yuthika Bhargava
The Hindu Huawei Telecommunications India CEO Cai Liqun (right) and Flipkart VP (Retail and Head-Brand Alliances) Michael Adnani launch Huawei smartphones and Tablets in New Delhi on Monday. Photo: Kamal Narang
TOPICS
telecommunication service
Launches Honor series in India with four devices — two smartphones and two Tablets.
Chinese telecom solutions provider Huawei is eyeing a growth of up to 50 per cent in revenues from devices business, which includes handsets, dongles and set-top boxes, in India in 2014.
With an aim to be among the top three smartphone brands in the country in the next three years, the company, which entered the domestic open handset market late in 2012, aims to sell one million mobile phones this year.
“India is a strategic market for Huawei and a big focus for the Huawei Consumer Business Group. Last year, our revenue from Indian devices business stood at $150 million. This year we are expecting a jump of 40-50 per cent in the revenues… so up to $300 million from the devices business,” Huawei Telecommunications India CEO Cai Liqun told The Hindu.
He added that in terms of unit sales, the aim was to sell one million smartphones in 2014 “and we are on track to achieve it”. Last year (2013), the company sold about 0.4 million handsets.
“We want to be among the top three brands in India in the next three years,” he added. On Monday, the company launched Honor series in India with four devices — two smartphones and two Tablets. All devices under the Honor series will be available exclusively on Flipkart with the Honor 6 smartphone going on sale from October 6.
“Honor series will be our online brand. The Ascend series phones will be available on retail stores and we will continue to strengthen our distributor network,” Huawei India President (Consumer business group) Allen Wang said.

ABCs of new car names just give me the ZZZZZsABCs of new car names just give me the ZZZZZs
By Brian J. O'Connor, Tribune Content Agency, Funny Money
Cadillac General Motors
There's all kinds of big Cadillac-related news here in my Motown hometown. General Motors Co.'s luxury division is going bohemian with a planned move to trendy, lofty space in New York's Soho neighborhood, and also announced the name for its new top-of-the line premium car.
But while the relocation to the city that never sleeps is exciting, the new name for the premium car is sure to put you to sleep: CT6, which sounds less like a fine piece of machinery in which to take to the open road and more like the doctor ordering a medical imaging test.
0
Look: A car is a big investment, and with the average new car price at $32,500, you want to be inspired by the name of your shiny new ride, if not when you put it in gear than at least you when you sit down to write the check for the next 72 months. And that primo Caddy is likely to cost close to $90,000 when you consider that the 2015 Cadillac Escalade tops $70,000. For that kind of dough, your car shouldn't be saddled with a moniker boasting less romance than the ticket for your dry-cleaning.
We once drove cars with names like Thunderbird, Rocket 88 and Cougar, in addition to vehicles with such flat-out inspiring handles as Hudson's Terraplane and DeSoto's Firedome. In its proud history, Cadillac boasted some of the most luxe-sounding models to ever ride the road. Coupe de Ville. Fleetwood. And just the very mention of "El Dorado" evokes the sudden urge to take the convertible cruising for kicks on Route 66.
By comparison, who gets excited about plunking down nearly six figures for a car named after the dregs from a bowl of alphabet soup?
Which is not to say the folks at Cadillac couldn't have done worse. There was the Pontiac Aztek, which, besides being named after an ancient and extinct tribe, also turned out to have been designed by one. Dodge honored household cleaning supplies with the Duster, which today would probably be named the Swiffer. And Mercury had the Capri, a true dream come true for anyone who'd ever wanted to commute behind the wheel of a pair of women's slacks.
Foreign manufacturers do even worse. For every Rolls-Royce Silver Ghost there is, unfortunately, a Volkswagen Golf, which was a name as exciting as the game is to watch. Subaru had the Justy, which is justy dumby. And Renault brought us the LeCar, when it would have more accurately been named LeCrap.
But at least they tried, which is more than I can say about the ABCs of car names now. I, for one, am not looking forward to trading in the mystique of my (t)rusty Roadmaster Estate Wagon for something with a name cribbed from Aunt Phoebe's Bingo card.
(Brian J. O'Connor is an award-winning columnist for The Detroit News. Contact him at brian@funnymoneyblog.com or visit http://www.funnymoneyblog.com .)
(c) 2014 TRIBUNE CONTENT AGENCY, LLC.

Josh Hicks and David A. Fahrentholdjosh hicks and david a. fahrenthold
How ExxonMobil swayed US sanctions and strengthened Putins handSeptember 30, 2014
Did ExxonMobil gull the Obama administration into bending its sanctions on Russia?
Ten days ago, the oil company obtained a two-week extension on new US and EU sanctions that bar work in the Russian Arctic. The extra time, ExxonMobil said, would allow it to safely shut down the potentially dangerous Universitetskaya well in the Kara Sea. But in a pivotal turn, the company confirmed over the weekend  that, while ostensibly winding down, it instead discovered a huge new oil and gas field. The potential volume is 2.7 billion barrels of oil and gas, just short of a supergiant, according to Rosneft, ExxonMobil’s partner.
ExxonMobil’s motivation seems easy enough to understand—it hopes that by the time the ice melts and spring drilling season begins, relations between Russia and the West will have undergone a thaw and it will be able to resume work. In other words, it’s better to know what lies beneath. In the meantime, it can take its time deciding how to proceed with the field’s development.
A boon for Vladimir
The newly discovered bonanza certainly strengthens Putin’s hand. Enacted Sept. 12, the US and European sanctions were intended to intensify pressure on Putin to loosen his grip on Ukraine. Among the instruments was a threat to Russia’s future oil revenues, which account for more than 40% of the state budget.
Instead, ExxonMobil’s discovery, confirmed on Sept. 26, gives Putin a powerful triumph at a time he’s showing no sign of compromise but instead is cracking down broadly—arresting a billionaire oil oligarch , pushing Ukraine to repudiate a political deal with Europe, casting doubt on the validity of Azerbaijan and Kazakhstan oil projects in the Caspian Sea, and reviving a vow to defend Russian speakers in the Baltics.
The development, while largely overlooked by US and European political leaders and the media, is perhaps the most significant turn of events in Ukraine since a ceasefire was signed in early September. Armed with the knowledge that Arctic oil is not a concept but a tangible reality, Putin can start credibly strategizing how to parlay it into national wealth in the next decade and beyond.
For now, Putin will be content to wait out the coming months, and perhaps even longer, with the conviction that the West will ultimately relent. What he will almost certainly not do is threaten to seize ExxonMobil’s stake in the project. At this point ExxonMobil and Rosneft are tangled together like an old married couple: as part of the original 2011 Arctic deal , Rosneft obtained part-ownership of ExxonMobil acreage in Alaska, the Gulf of Mexico and US shale oil fields. Neither Russia nor ExxonMobil would want to risk a divorce and lose out on their co-mingled assets.
ExxonMobil responds
For the record, ExxonMobil denies that it pulled a fast one. Quartz asked the company whether, when it requested the safety extension, it also had in mind finishing the actual drilling and well tests.
“Our application was for a slightly extended compliance period because operations were at a critical stage and additional time was required to safely wind down activity, especially given the sensitive Arctic environment,” spokesman Alan Jeffers said by email.
So, Quartz asked in a follow-up, the discovery was inadvertent and not part of ExxonMobil’s calculus when it requested the extension? Jeffers did not respond.
An alternate view
Another way of looking at the discovery is that even if ExxonMobil was drilling and not winding down, Putin is now likelier to be willing to horse trade since Universitetskaya is a confirmed prospect. If the US government is thinking this way, it’s quite a gamble. Notwithstanding the dearth of evidence that Putin’s knees are wobbling, it appears likely to create new pressure on the US and Europe to cave in.
“If the status quo on the ground holds for the next few months, there will be lots of pressure from European companies to get back to business as usual in and with Russia, and that will in turn create pressure from American companies not wanting to lose out to European competitors,” the Kennan Institute’s Matthew Rojansky told Quartz.
Of course, even if the sanctions are lifted, ExxonMobil may decide not to develop the Russian Arctic right away.
“It strikes me as very expensive oil and gas to produce and transport compared to alternatives, both non-conventional and deep-water, elsewhere in the world,” Richard Kauzlarich, a former US ambassador and member of the US National Intelligence Council, said in an email. “Could Exxon choose to slow-roll the Russians?”
That seems unlikely—part of the deal when working in Russia is that you have to develop your oilfields expeditiously. This fact may have been part of ExxonMobil’s determination to finish drilling Universitetskaya now.
Share this:

Five Obamas   Crazy Dick  star in Brazil protest voteFive Obamas, 'Crazy Dick' star in Brazil protest vote
AFP
Rio De Janeiro, September 30, 2014
First Published: 09:35 IST(30/9/2014)
print
Five Barack Obamas, three Bin Ladens, a Jesus, a Wonder Woman, a 007: the ballot for Sunday's elections in Brazil can look more like the inventory at a costume shop.
But the madcap cast of candidates reflects deep frustration with politics as usual, say analysts in Brazil, where 80% of the population say they don't trust Congress and fed-up voters prefer an illiterate clown to another corrupt politician.
That was literally the case in the last national elections four years ago, when a Sao Paulo clown named Tiririca (Grumpy) ran for Congress on the campaign slogan "It can't get any worse."
He won the most votes of any congressional candidate in the country, 1.3 million, and had to learn to write his name to start his new job.
In four years, he has never spoken on the floor or introduced a bill that passed. But he had one of the best attendance records in the lower house and is a strong favorite to win reelection on October 5.
In this sprawling South American country where corruption scandals have grown almost routine -- fueling massive protests last year, when more than one million people flooded the streets in anger at the theft of their tax money -- a wacky gimmick or ridiculous name can get a political outsider elected.
Election law allows candidates to register under any name they like, and the ballot is bursting with creativity, from Wonder Woman to Yoghurt Woman, from Hamburger Face to Motorcycle Man, from Crazy Dick to Ass to Chupacabra, Chiclet, Rambo and Brazilian 007.
There are even five more Tiriricas running in other states.
"Tiririca launched a new school of thought, and now he's got his disciples," said Gil Castello Branco, the founder of activist group Cuentas Abiertas (Open Books), which fights for transparency in the management of public funds.
"But if they truly proliferate, there's going to be a huge decline in quality in Congress. It's really a protest vote," he told AFP.
Such candidates often run on a platform of opposition to the political system in Brazil, where there are 32 parties and governing means striking deals, forming alliances, spreading jobs around or -- as was the case with the massive "mensalao" (big monthly payment) scandal that broke in 2005 -- buying votes.
   
'The joke's on voters'
But parties sometimes use outsider stars for their own ends.
In 2010, Tiririca won so many votes that three more Republic Party candidates rode his coattails into Congress.
"The joke ends up being on the voters, who pick the clown thinking it's a way of criticizing the system. But then the clown brings more conventional candidates with him, including some with criminal records, as was the case with Tiririca," said Castello Branco.
One of the candidates calling himself Bin Laden, a would-be Congressman for Sao Paulo, has a long grey beard and makes his campaign appearances in an orange jumpsuit.
"I want to bomb Brasilia" to shake up the political system, he told AFP.
Later he said this was simply a slogan, and that he was not in favor of killing people.
Jesus, a candidate for state legislature in Pernambuco, promises "peace in football" and campaigns in long hair and a white tunic.
He said he had rejected bribes of up to $30,000 to join traditional parties before opting for the small, shoestring-budget National Mobilization Party (PMN).
Silvio Costa, the founder of political watchdog website Focus on Congress, said offbeat candidates are "often opportunists with nothing to offer, but generally not the biggest thieves in Brazilian politics."
"The vast majority are worse," he said, denouncing a system that "favors the corrupt" and is funded by "dirty money."
But with the country likely to be divided in the wake of a neck-and-neck presidential race between incumbent Dilma Rousseff and popular environmentalist Marina Silva, the likelihood of deep reforms is slim for now.
"I'm not optimistic. Changing politics isn't easy. The people in power only use it for themselves," said Castello Branco.

http://usat.ly/1qQfwrMAmericans snack differently than other nations
The snack is nibbling away at how the world eats, drinks and lives.
Post to Facebook
Americans snack differently than other nations The snack is nibbling away at how the world eats, drinks and lives. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1sIFrtc
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
6
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Americans snack differently than other nations
Which snack did you consume in the past 30 days?
Sponsored by
Bruce Horovitz and Karl Gelles, USA TODAY
Bruce Horovitz , USA TODAY 10:58 a.m. EDT September 29, 2014
A  boy snacks on chips with the view on St. Peter's cupola in Rome.
(Photo: Franco Origlia, Getty Images)
766 CONNECT 301 TWEET 158 LINKEDIN 6 COMMENTEMAILMORE
The snack is nibbling away at how the world eats, drinks and lives.
While Americans snack a bit differently from the rest of the world, with a special penchant for chips, the simple snack —  from a candy bar to a piece of fruit to a granola bar — now permeates the globe as it increasingly replaces breakfast, lunch and dinner in households from Houston to Hanoi.
That's the conclusion of an exhaustive study due out Monday by consumer research giant Nielsen. Its Nielsen Global Survey of Snacking polled online more than 30,000 consumers in 60 countries between mid-February and mid-March of 2014.  Snacking, the study estimates, has evolved into a $374 billion global industry — and is growing about 2% annually, which is a considerable amount in a shaky, global economy.
The impact of the snacking boom will be huge, affecting the way companies make, market and serve food, and it will influence the kinds of food products that food makers concoct going forward, the study concludes.
"Snacking connects consumers globally," says James Russo, senior vice president at Nielsen.  Consider:  91% of consumers polled say they snack at least once a day. And 21% are snacking three to four times daily — the majority being women.
But snacking is no longer just about satisfying a sweet tooth or hunger pang between meals, but increasingly about substituting them for the meals themselves.
"How we snack as a society is changing," says Russo. "Snacks are increasingly meal replacements."
Some 45% of consumers, globally, says the use snacks as meal replacements.  Roughly 52% same they sometimes replace breakfast with a snack; 43% replace lunch with a snack and 40% replace dinner with one.
Breakfast was the most common meal to be replaced with a snack. Some 55% of Asians surveyed say they replace breakfast with a snack — followed by 49% of North Americans and 44% of Europeans.
"Any way you slice it, these are big numbers," says Russo. "Consumers are re-defining how we eat around meals. If I'm a big food company, I have to think about how to make, market or re-purpose products to a consumer who wants to eat on the go, and is using snacks as meals."
But it's what we Americans are snacking — or not — that's particularly interesting.
First off, we're chip-a-holics.  There is nothing we snack on more than chips of all sorts — from potato to tortilla.  Some 63% of Americans surveyed said they'd snacked on some sort of chips within the past 30 days. Chocolate — mostly in the form of candy bars — ranks second. And cheese snacks finish a close third.
But the rest of the world appears to snack a tad healthier than we do.  Globally, the top snack is chocolate.  Some 64% of consumers surveyed globally said they had a chocolate snack within the past 30 days. Fruit ranked a very close second.  And vegetables ranked third.
The top snack for Europeans is fruit, followed closely by chocolate and cheese.
Much of this can all be explained by the wildly different attributes that various cultures crave in snacks.  The top attribute that Americans seek is "salty and savory" snacks. But globally, consumers opt for "crispy" — which is why so many chocolate bars are crispy.
Snacking isn't just a fad or trend — it's the future, says Russo. "Big as snacking is today, it's only going to get bigger."
766 CONNECT 301 TWEET 158 LINKEDIN 6 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1sIFrtc
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

New Tremors Raise Concern at Japan s Mount OntakeAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

RBI Guv Raghuram Rajan refuses to cut rates: Analyst ReactionsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Sensex up 100 points; Rate sensitive stocks gainSensex up 100 points; Rate sensitive stocks gain
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 30, 2014 12:20 PM IST
Benchmark indices have recovered from the day’s low and are trading higher in the noon trades led by rate sensitive stocks including HDFC twins, Maruti Suzuki and L&T contributing nearly 100 points to the rise on the 30-share Sensex post the RBI monetary policy.
 
At 12.20 PM, the 30-share Sensex is up 100 points at 26,704 and 50-share Nifty is up 30 points at 7,989.
 
In the broader market, the BSE Mid-cap and Small-cap indices are outperforming the large counterparts and are up by 0.7% each.
 
The market breadth is positive on the BSE with 1,482 shares advancing and 1,017 shares declining.
 
Buzzing Stocks:
 
HDFC, Sun Pharma, Maruti Suzuki, L&T and Cipla are the top five stocks on the BSE trading higher between 1.5-3%.
 
Larsen and Toubro (L&T) has moved higher by 2% to Rs 1,490 after the company said it has won new orders worth Rs 1,423 crore across various business segments in September 2014, including order from Lucknow Metro Rail Corporation.
 
Shares of interest-rate sensitive such as realty, auto and bank stocks are trading higher after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) left rates unchanged for the fourth straight time while reviewing the Monetary Policy today. HDFC twins, Maruti Suzuki, Bajaj Auto, Hero Motocorp, L&T and BHEL have gained between 1-3%.
____________________________________________________________
(updated at 11.25 AM)
Markets are swinging between the positive and negative territory after the RBI kept the repo rate and CRR unchanged at its monetary policy review today.
 
At 11:25AM, the 30-share Sensex is up 28 points at 26,625 and 50-share Nifty is up 6 points at 7,965.
In the broader market, the BSE Mid-cap and Small-cap indices are outperforming the large counterparts and are up by 0.4% each.
 
The market breadth is positive on the BSE with 1,340 shares advancing and 1,014 shares declining.
 
Rupee:
 
The rupee has weakened by nine paise to trade at a fresh seven-month low of 61.6 against the dollar in early trade at the Interbank Foreign Exchange market today following increased demand for the US currency from importers post the RBI monetary policy.
 
Global Markets:
 
Asian markets were in hesitant mood on Tuesday as investors wondered what China's response would be to civil unrest in Hong Kong, while the U.S. dollar was on track to post its biggest monthly gain in well over a year.
 
The unrest was an added complication for investors amid long-standing concerns about the health of China's economy.
 
An HSBC survey of manufacturing (PMI) for September disappointed slightly by showing a final reading of 50.2, steady on August but down from its preliminary 50.5.
 
Hong Kong's Hang Seng Index shed another 0.9% to its lowest in three months. MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan lost 0.5% having already fallen sharply on Monday.
 
US stocks ended lower on Monday following protests in Hong Kong that added to worries about Chinese growth. The Dow Jones Industrial average fell 0.25%, to 17,071; the S&P 500 lost 0.25%, to 1,978; and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 0.14%, to 4,506.
 
Sectors & Stocks:
 
On the sectoral front, BSE Consumer Durables is the top gaining index up 1.5% followed by Capital Goods, Healthcare and Auto indices trading higher up to 1%. However, BSE IT, Metal, Oil & Gas and Power indices are losing sheen. Bankex and Realty index are trading flat.
 
Shares of metal companies are trading lower up to 2% on the NSE after China's factory sector posted lower than expected HSBC/Markit Manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index(PMI) quoting at 50.2 in September, unchanged from the August reading which was a three-month low.
 
Tata Steel, Jindal Steel, Hindalco, Jindal Steel, JSW Steel and Coal India are down 1-2% on the National Stock Exchange(NSE).
 
Oil and Gas majors RIL and GAIL are trading lower between 0.5-1%. However, ONGC is trading flat with a negative bias.
 
Financial stocks are trading lower after the RBI kept the interest rates steady at its policy review.  ICICI Bank, SBI and Axis Bank are down between 0.5-1%.
 
The technology pack which zoomed yesterday on the back of firm US GDP growth is down in today’s trade on account of profit taking. TCS, Wipro and Infosys have lost between 0.3-1%.
 
M&M and ITC are some of the notable losers on the BSE.
 
On the flip side, pharma shares which generate most of their revenues from exports are trading higher on the back of a weakening rupee against the US dollar are trading higher today. Sun Pharma, Cipla and Dr Reddy’s Lab are trading higher between 0.5-1.5%.
 
Fresh buying is evident in the auto space. Bajaj Auto, Hero Motocorp, Maruti Suzuki and Tata Motors have gained between 0.5-1.5%.
 
Engineering conglomerate L&T has surged nearly 1%. 
 
Tata Power, NTPC and Sesa Sterlite are some of the prominent names in green among others.
 
Among other shares, Sterlite Technologies has surged 2% following the announcement of a Joint-Venture agreement with VISCAS Corporation, a leading Japanese company on September, 29 2014.
 
Shares of PC Jeweller are trading nearly 5% higher at Rs 235 on the BSE after e-commerce portal Flipkart joined hands with the company in order to create a platform for online jewellery shopping.     
 

Rupee hits day s low of 61.71 vs $ after RBI policyYou are here: Home > Collections > Rupee
Rupee heads toward 61 against US dollar
PTI Sep 30, 2014, 03.50PM IST
Tags:
(A lower opening at the domestic…)
MUMBAI: The rupee hits day's low of 61.77 against the US currency after opening nine paise down.
A lower opening at the domestic equity market and the dollar's rise against other major currencies overseas put pressure on the rupee, dealers said.
Yesterday, the rupee had tanked 38 paise to log nearly 7-month closing low of 61.53 against the Greenback following dollar demand from importers and some weakness in stocks ahead of the RBI policy review.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Gold Poised for Worst Month in Fifteen on Dollar StrengthYou are here: Home Commodities
Gold Poised for Worst Month in Fifteen on Dollar Strength
Reuters | Updated On: September 30, 2014 12:39 (IST)
Gold Rebounds on Seasonal Demand; Global Cues
Singapore: Gold held steady above a nine-month low on Tuesday as Asian equities remained unsettled by political unrest in Hong Kong, but was poised to post its sharpest monthly loss since June 2013 as a rapid climb in the dollar dimmed its appeal.
The precious metal is down about 5.5 per cent for the month after hitting a nine-month low of $1,206.85 last week. Gold is also on track to post its first quarterly loss of the year, though it is still up about 1 per cent for the year.
"The pressure is definitely on for gold to end the year in the red," said Howie Lee, investment analyst at Phillip Futures.
"We see little in the way to stop gold's downward slide, given that the Fed has made clear its intention to hike (rates) sooner than later and the Ukraine tensions have reached a fragile ceasefire," Lee said, adding that a strong dollar will also weigh.
The US Federal Reserve indicated earlier this month that it could raise borrowing costs faster than expected when it starts moving, which could boost the dollar and hurt non-interest-bearing bullion.
Spot gold edged up $1 to $1,216.71 an ounce by 0627 GMT, after dipping in the last two sessions.
Silver was set for a third monthly loss in a row, while platinum was headed for its worst monthly decline since June 2013 with a drop of about 8 percent.
Palladium was the biggest loser in the group with a 12 per cent loss - its worst month in three years.
The dollar climbed to a four-year peak against a basket of major currencies in September, helped by strong US economic data and the Fed's outlook on higher interest rates. It is on track to post its biggest monthly gain in well over a year.
A stronger greenback makes the dollar-denominated precious metals more expensive for holders of other currencies. Investors tend to withdraw from commodities and emerging market assets to seek higher yields in US assets when the dollar gains.
Investors were also watching political unrest in Hong Kong for any worsening of tensions as that could lead to safe-haven bids for gold. Equities have already taken a hit from the protests.
Tens of thousands of pro-democracy protesters blocked Hong Kong streets on Tuesday, maintaining pressure on China as it faces one of its biggest political challenges since the Tiananmen Square crackdown 25 years ago.
Some Hong Kong dealers were worried that retail sales of jewellery could take a hit, especially during the one-week National Day holiday that begins on Wednesday.
The holiday is usually a busy period that retailers rely on for a boost to their sales due to the influx of tourists from China.
"Some jewellery shops have been closed completely or some are closing early due to the protests," said a dealer in Hong Kong. "It does look like there will be a small impact on sales if the protests continue for long."
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Netflix is making an original moviebut it wont come cheapGlass
September 30, 2014
In just two years, Netflix has gone from having no original series of its own to making some of television’s best shows, including Orange is the New Black and House of Cards, with more than a dozen other promising projects in the pipeline. Now it’s setting its sights on the film industry.
The company is teaming up with The Weinstein Company for its first original movie: Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon: The Green Legend. The film, a sequel to the 2000 martial arts hit directed by Ang Lee, will premiere Aug. 28, 2015 on Netflix, the same day it opens exclusively in Imax theaters around the world. The company said it will be the first of “several” films that will premiere simultaneously on Netflix and Imax.
The film is based on the fifth book in Wang Du Lu’s Crane-Iron Pentalogy ; the original Crouching Tiger was based on book number four. Michelle Yeoh is reprising her character from the first film, while Yuen Wo-Ping takes over for Lee as director. Screenwriter John Fusco also wrote Marco Polo, the upcoming Netflix series about the explorer, which is another TWC production.
Netflix chief content officer Ted Sarandos first indicated last year  that Netflix would to branch out into original movies: “The reason why we may enter this space and try to release some big movies ourselves this way, is because I’m concerned that as theater owners try to strangle innovation and distribution, not only are they going to kill theaters–they might kill movies.”
In other words, Netflix believes it can “save” the movie business by upending the traditional approach in which films are released exclusively to theaters first and not made available for home viewing until several months later. “What I am hoping is that it will be a proof point that the sky doesn’t fall,” Sarandos told the New York Times . “These are two different experiences, like going to a football game and watching a football game on TV.”
While independent films are now frequently released simultaneously in theaters and via video on demand, the Crouching Tiger sequel will be the first major Hollywood release to follow such a pattern. And unlike with VOD, Netflix subscribers won’t be required to pay an additional fee to stream the movie.
(Because Netflix is not available in China, Imax is already salivating at the prospect of having the world’s second-largest movie market to itself. “We are particularly hopeful it will play in our highly successful China market,” said Imax CEO Greg Foster.)
But “saving” the movie business will be an expensive proposition for Netflix, since the economics of feature films are much different than TV series.
The company shelled out $100 million for the first two seasons of House of Cards. The Crouching Tiger budget is “a multiple” of the original film’s $23.5 million, according to the Times. Even if it’s only double that amount and TWC foots a hefty portion of the bill, Netflix will be splashing a significant sum for a piece of content that is only a few hours long—compare that to House of Cards’ 26 hour-long episodes.
And a single movie like Crouching Tiger, as opposed to a full, binge-able season of a series, won’t do much to increase the admittedly impressive average of 92 minutes that Netflix’s 50.05 million subscribers spend watching the service each day. Still, as it did with House of Cards, Arrested Development, and Orange, Netflix will heavily market the film in an effort to attract new subscribers.
Harvey Weinstein thinks, if anyone can pull it off, it’s Netflix. “There is a big world out there, and there are many ways to exhibit things,” Weinstein told the Times. “This is the wave of the future.”
Share this:

Jayalalithaa to stay in jail  bail plea hearing set for October 6High court to hear Jaya’s bail plea today
Sudipto Mondal , Hindustan Times  Bangalore, September 30, 2014
First Published: 09:51 IST(30/9/2014) | Last Updated: 02:03 IST(1/10/2014)
Comments
The Karnataka high court has agreed to hear former Tamil Nadu CM Jayalalithaa's appeal against her conviction on a priority basis. The matter will be heard on Wednesday by a specially constituted vacation bench.
The significant turn of events came hours after a vacation bench on Tueaday morning adjourned the matter to October 6. The adjournment order was issued after the Karnataka government failed to appoint a public prosecutor to contest the challenge mounted by Jayalalithaa's legal team.
Her lawyers immediately approached the high court registrar and the chief justice seeking urgent hearing of the matter.
They submitted that the matter should be treated as an exception as the continued incarceration of Jayalalithaa was causing law and order problems in Tamil Nadu.
 
They also argued that the AIADMK leader's health was unstable. Contesting the need for a public prosecutor to file objections, her lawyers cited sections of the CrPC and said that when the sentence is less than 10 years the judge of a higher court can adjudicate the appeal on merits without seeking the view of the prosecutor.
Jaya refuses to meet Panneerselvam
Former Tamil Nadu CM Jayalalithaa on Wednesday refused to meet O Panneerselvam, the man she has entrusted with the job of holding the CM's chair until she gets the relief she's hoping for from the court.
Panneerselvam was camping in the city since Monday evening for a chance to meet his jailed leader and seek her blessings. He landed in the city shortly after he was administered the oath of office by the Tamil Nadu governor.
He returned disappointed after jail authorities told him that Jayalalithaa had refused to meet him. Jail sources told HT that her cell is far from the visitor's area and she was not in a physical state to walk the distance.

Lufthansa s long-haul pilots start 15-hour strikeLufthansa's long-haul pilots start 15-hour strike
PTI
Reuters File photo of a German airline Lufthansa pilot, sporting a button reading "strike" on his uniform as he takes part in a demonstration at Fraport airport in Frankfurt
Berlin, Sept 30:  
Pilots on Lufthansa’s long-haul fleet have started a 15-hour walkout at the airline’s main Frankfurt hub in a festering contract dispute.
The Vereinigung Cockpit union called members out on strike from 8 am (0600 GMT) today in its fourth limited several-hour walkout over recent weeks and the first since a new round of talks collapsed last week.
Lufthansa said it plans to go ahead with 32 of the day’s 57 scheduled intercontinental flights from Frankfurt 26 flown by volunteer pilots, the other six pushed forward or back tomorrow.
The two sides are at odds over the pilots’ demand that Lufthansa keep a transition payment for those wanting early retirement.
The airline, facing competition from European budget airlines and major Gulf carriers, wants to cut those payments.
(This article was published on September 30, 2014)
Related

China grants licence for iPhone 6 sales after weeks of delayChina grants licence for iPhone 6 sales after weeks of delay
PTI
Tweet
Reuters Customs officers pose for photographs as they display smuggled iPhone 6 sets, which were seized at the customs of a port in Shenzhen, near the Hong Kong border in Guangdong province on September 23, 2014. Picture taken September 23, 2014.
Beijing, Sept 30:  
China has granted network access licence to iPhone 6, giving permission to sell Apple’s latest smartphone in the country after weeks of tantalising delay resulted in largescale smuggling of the phone from Hong Kong and the US.
The licence approval came after four models of the iPhone 6 passed 3C (China Compulsory Certification) certification, a mandatory system to inspect and approve various products to be sold in China, and won approval from the State Radio Regulation earlier this month.
The Ministry of Industry and Information Technology (MIIT) said that it has granted a network access licence to iPhone 6.
The network access licence together with the two other regulatory approvals means that the iPhone 6 can be sold in China, state-run Xinhua News Agency reported.
The licence came after weeks of delay for the release of the phone which had resulted in largescale smuggling from Hong Kong and the US even though iPhones are manufactured in China.
Chinese police have seized large stocks of smuggled iPhones at airports recently.
The MIIT said in a statement that it made the decision to issue the licence after getting reassurance from Apple that three background service programs, which reportedly had risks of personal privacy leaks, are only diagnostic tools that won’t be used maliciously.
In a document submitted to the ministry, Apple said that the company won’t be allowed to “interfere with” any personal information without clients’ approval, and it has already taken measures in its iOS8 system to make it even more difficult for anybody to use the tools maliciously.
Apple also said it will improve security and privacy protection for its clients.
The company said it has never and will never set up so-called “back doors” in any of its products or services in cooperation with any government organisation of any country.
The MIIT said it pays great attention to protecting mobile phone users’ personal information and will strengthen security management of mobile phones, according to the statement.
The ministry will also enhance network access security review as well as supervision and inspection of products that are already licensed, saying any violation of regulations on personal information protection will be investigated and punished.
(This article was published on September 30, 2014)
Related

Nifty recovers 8 000 level  Sensex jumps 195 pointsSensex ends flat after a wild swing
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 30:  
Sensex closed flat with a gain of 33 points after roller-coaster rider influenced by the RBI credit policy.
The benchmark Sensex opened on the higher side at 26,611 against the previous close 26,597. It made a high of 26,851 and low of 26,481 before closing at 26,631. The turnover on BSE was up at Rs 3,821 crore against Rs 2,742 crore registered on Monday.
In NSE, the Nifty was up six points at 7,965.
The Reserve Bank of India kept the key bank rates unchanged after a monetary policy review on Tuesday as it waited for more signs of inflation retreating. Interest rate sensitive banking and realty stocks declined after the RBI policy review. PSU oil market companies gained ahead their fortnightly fuel price revision on Wednesday. Tyre stocks rose across the board on persistent fall in rubber prices.
Maruti Suzuki rose two per cent to Rs 3,064. The company announced after market hours on Tuesday that it will proactively inspect and repair the wiring harness fitment of 69,555 diesel vehicles manufactured between March, 2010 and August, 2013. This exercise is limited to vehicles within the above specified range and does not pertain to any other vehicle of the company or its exports. The problem was noticed based on feedback monitoring and internal checks by the company. Accordingly proactive action has been initiated in the interest of customers, said the company.
PSU bank stocks declined after Financial Services Secretary GS Sandhu was quoted on Tuesday saying that state-run banks will soon start raising funds from markets, as part of government's efforts to infuse capital into banks to meet the Basel III norms.
Among public sector banks that declined include Bank of India (-4%), Union Bank of India (-3%), IDBI Bank (-2%), Canara Bank (-2%) and State Bank of India (-0.21%), edged lower.
The major gainers include Eicher Motors (6%), JP Infratech (6%), Apollo Tyres (6%), MRF (5%), Bhushan Steel (5%), Marico (5%) and GSK Consumer Healthcare (5%).
Prominent losers include IndiaBulls Real Estate (-5%), GMR Infra (-5%), Suzlon (-5%), Unitech (-5%), DLF (-5%), JSW Steel (-4%), Shriram Transport Finance (-4%).
(This article was published on September 30, 2014)
Related

No immediate relief for Jayalalithaa  bail plea adjourned to Oct 6E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Banks seek second Debt Recovery Tribunal in Andhra PradeshBanks seek second Debt Recovery Tribunal in Andhra Pradesh
G Naga Sridhar
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sept 30:  
Banks in Andhra Pradesh asked the Government to set up a second Debt Recovery Tribunal (DRT) in the State.
This request was made by SK Kalra, Executive Director, Andhra Bank, at the State Level Bankers' Committee which met here on Tuesday.
The setting up of a second DRT in the State would reduce the high-pendency of cases and recovery process in high volume loans could be hastened, the official said.
On kharif loans to farmers, Kalra said farmers were not wiling to repay the loans and their renewal due to pending loan waiver scheme of the Government.
In response to an earlier directive from the Government asking banks to submit data on farm loans, he said banks would submit data by October 10.
Kalra also requested Government "not to encourage" farmers to look for loan-waivers and enhance agricultural productivity instead.
Y Ramakrishnudu, Finance Minister, Govt of AP, said banks should submit the required data on farmers' and women's loans on a priority basis.
"We have a Cabinet meet tomorrow and will finalise other modalities for the loan waiver," he added.
(This article was published on September 30, 2014)
Related

KYC norms for bank account opening further simplifiedKYC norms for bank account opening further simplified
Our Bureau
Partial freeze on KYC non-compliant customers
Mumbai, Sept 30:  
Guidelines on ‘know your customer’ (KYC) have been further simplified with immediate effect with a view to easing difficulties faced by common persons while opening bank accounts and during periodic updating, according to the Reserve Bank of India.
As per the simplified KYC guidelines, banks will not insist on physical presence of the customer at the time of periodic updating and they will not seek fresh proof of identity and address at the time of periodic updating in case of no change in status for 'low risk' customers.
Banks will allow self-certification and accept a certified copy of the document by mail/post, etc. Further, they will not seek fresh documents if an existing KYC compliant customer of a bank desires to open another account in the bank.
Partial freeze
The RBI, in its fourth bi-monthly monetary policy statement, said there is a need for banks to complete KYC for all customers including long standing ‘low risk’ customers.
Banks should complete documentation, while minimising the effort on the part of the customer to what is strictly needed.
In the event that customers are unable to comply within a reasonable time period, ‘partial freezing’ may be introduced in respect of KYC non-compliant customers, that is, credits would be allowed in such accounts while debits would not be allowed, with an option to the account holder to close the account and take back the money in the account.
(This article was published on September 30, 2014)
Related

RBI projects GDP growth to accelerate to 6.3% next fiscalRBI projects GDP growth to accelerate to 6.3% next fiscal
Press Trust of India | Mumbai Sep 30, 2014 01:10 PM IST
The RBI today said the country's GDP growth, which it estimates to be 5.5% in the current fiscal, will improve to 6.3% in 2015-16.
"For 2014-15, real GDP growth is projected to lie between 5 and 6%, with a central estimate of 5.5%... for 2015-16, real GDP growth is projected to rise to 6.3%," the central bank said in its monetary policy report released today.
It said the 5.7% growth in the first quarter of the current fiscal surprised on the upside and stated that the same has slackened in the second quarter.
One of the major contributors for the decline in growth will be the monsoon deficiency, which also affects non- agricultural sectors through demand effects, RBI report said.
However, the growth will grow towards the end of the fiscal, it said, adding that an improvement in exports driven by positive sentiments in the global markets and an increase in the yield-chasing fund inflows into the country will be the primary contributors for this.
A survey of professional forecasters conducted by the Reserve Bank pegged 2014-15 growth at 5.5% and expects a major improvement in the number to 6.5% in fiscal.
On the risks to growth, RBI said uncertainties around global recovery, any adverse effect on the commodity prices, a below-normal monsoon in the next fiscal, a depreciation in the rupee and inabilities to augment supply capacities are the biggest detrimental factors.
It can be noted that the country has had two consecutive fiscals of sub-5% growth and clocked a growth of 4.7% in the last fiscal.
Even though the April-June quarter growth at 5.7% was healthy, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan said the recovery process in the country is "uneven", pointing to data releases like a fall in factory output during July.

RBI tweaking definition of wilful defaulters: Raghuram RajanAnand Adhikari      Follow @anandadhikari    Last Updated: October 1, 2014  | 11:40 IST
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan (Photo: Reuters)
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is in the process of modifying the definition of wilful defaulters to restrict the penalty only against the directors (apart from promoters) who are actually seen as culpable or actively participating in wilful default.
This is based on a recent Gujarat High Court order that struck down a part of the RBI's master circular on wilful default, which gives freedom to banks to declare all directors of a defaulting company as wilful defaulters , especially in case of diversion of funds.
"We are in the process of modifying it to include directors who are seen as culpable or actively participating or being grossly negligent in the wilful default," said RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan during a media interaction after reviewing the central bank's monetary policy where he kept interest rates on hold.
A wilful default occurs when a defaulting borrower doesn't honour an obligation despite having the capacity to pay, or siphoning of funds and disposing off assets without the knowledge of the bank.
A month ago, the RBI introduced another clause to the guidelines by banks to initiate action against the guarantors of a loan (mostly group companies) in case of a wilful default.
The wilful default guidelines have come under close scrutiny after Kolkata-based United Bank of India declared liquor baron Vijay Mallya and three other directors of the ailing Kingfisher Airlines as "wilful defaulters" in early September. The current guidelines have enough grey areas. For instance, the number of directors declared as defaulter in a single company varies among banks. In view of the rising bad loan cases, the finance ministry is also working on bringing about a law for wilful default.
As a prudential measure, the RBI is introducing a new category of non-cooperative defaulters. These are borrowers who resist paying, thereby holding up the process by approaching courts or through other means.
"This is not a legal definition but a regulatory definition, which will mean that higher capital and provisioning will be required for lending to these borrowers," said Rajan.
 

Apple to launch iPhone 6 in China from Octob...Apple to launch iPhone 6 in China from October 17
By AFP | 30 Sep, 2014, 02.31PM IST
Apple launched the large-screen iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in 10 countries and regions on September 19 with state media saying problems with licensing were the main obstacle. (Photo Courtesy: EPA)
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SHANGHAI: Apple said Tuesday it will begin selling its latest iPhones in China from October 17 after the Chinese regulator pressed the US giant to improve personal data security to gain approval.
Apple launched the large-screen iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in 10 countries and regions on September 19, though not in mainland China, with state media saying problems with licensing were the main obstacle.
The absence of China in the first round of sales was notable because Apple launched the iPhone 5s and 5c in the mainland at the same time as other major markets last year.
But on Tuesday the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology said on its website it had granted a network access licence for the phone.
The ministry said that in order to approve the licence it had sought pledges from the company to address concerns over the phone's iOS operating system, owing to fears it risked leaking personal information.
Third parties could obtain information stored on an iPhone by accessing a "trusted" computer or from an iPhone undergoing repair, the statement said.
"The ministry discussed the issue with Apple and raised related requirements on security management," it said.
Apple pledged to upgrade security and protect privacy and "promised it 'never established any so-called backdoor with any government organisations of any countries regarding any product or service' and 'never will'", according to the statement.
Chinese state broadcaster CCTV in July accused Apple of threatening national security through the iPhone's ability to track a user's location. Apple has denied any such threat.
Apple chief executive officer Tim Cook welcomed news of the approval. "We are thrilled to bring iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus to our customers in China on all three carriers at launch," he said in a news release, referring to China Mobile, China Telecom and China Unicom.
The world's second-largest economy is a key market for the US company, whose products enjoy a devoted following.
Apple's revenue in Greater China - which includes Hong Kong and Taiwan - is second only to the United States, and Cook has said he expects it to become the company's biggest market in time.
Fans of the iPhone in China cheered the announcement on social media. "Every organ of my body is so happy that they want to sing!" gushed Miquelito on Sina Weibo, China's version of Twitter.
The first day of global sales for the phones was a huge success, with Apple breaking its sales record for an opening weekend of a new iPhone model, delivering 10 million in three days and boasting it could have sold more if it had them.
There were reports of Chinese buyers snapping up iPhones from Tokyo to the United States, leading to speculation of smuggling into the mainland on a massive scale to meet demand.
In the commercial hub Shanghai, customs seized 453 iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models within ten days after the launch.
On Tuesday black market dealers in Beijing were quoting prices of $1,000 to $1,300 for an iPhone 6 with 16GB of storage, but said prices had already come down. A comparable phone retails for $199 on Apple's US website.
"The prices were much higher days ago, I assume they will be lower after the holiday," one told AFP. China's week-long National Day holiday, which begins Wednesday, is traditionally a peak period for shopping.
Analysts forecast solid sales for Apple with the official launch. "It should sell better than its previous products, as it's a big-screen mobile phone launched to meet users' needs," said Wang Jun of consultancy Analysys International.
"It's expected to achieve a big breakthrough (in sales) compared with previous models," he said.
Apple held only a 6.9 per cent share of China's fractured smartphone market in the second quarter of this year, according to Analysys, putting it in sixth place.
Rival Samsung of South Korea commanded the top position with a 15.4 per cent share of the market, which has many cheaper offerings using the rival Android operating system.

Sensex sheds a 100 points | Why market rose 200 pts post policyTwo reasons markets cheered RBI policy before closing the day on a flat note
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 30, 2014, 03.33PM IST
Tags:
Axis Capital
(The market has surged higher…)
MUMBAI: The Reserve Bank of India's policy fourth bi-monthly monetary policy review meet was a non-event. The central bank has left the key policy rates unchanged, as expected my economists and bankers.
However, the market has surged higher after the policy meeting led by gains in rate sensitive sectors such as capital goods, banks, auto and realty.
The market is taking cues from Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan's comments that CPI target of 6 per cent by January 2016 can be met even though there is significant upside risk to it.
According to the Governor, there are number of disinflationary factors underway such as lower crude prices and relatively stable rates are positive for inflation.
However there are some uncertainties on the evolvement of inflation. He said it needs to be seen how food inflation will evolve over time as headline inflation is buffeted by food inflation.
The RBI may ease interest rates if CPI inflation comes below 6 per cent before January 2016. If inflation moves above 6 per cent in the same period then the central bank may be forced to hike rates as well.
"We expect inflation to continue falling in the coming months due to benign global commodity prices on the one hand as well as the government's focus to bring down food and wage inflation by avoiding inflationary impulses from sharp MSP price hikes, etc," said Dinesh Thakkar, Chairman & Managing Director, Angel Broking.
"Hence, we expect that in the coming 6-12 months, we are headed for lower inflation and therefore interest rates, which should be a key positive catalyst for investments, growth and capital markets ," Thakkar added.
There is another little change that has been made by the Reserve Bank that might enthuse markets. The limit on short sale for liquidity bonds has been increased to 0.75 from 0.50.
According to Nilesh Shah, MD & CEO, Axis Capital , hiking limit on short sale for liquidity bonds will help markets
"In a cycle where people expect interest rates to cut eventually if not immediately, it is unlikely that most people will be happy to build long-term short positions. I doubt people will be willing to use it in the near to medium term but certainly from a market point of view, this is an encouraging enabling provision," he told ET NOW.
The RBI is reducing ceiling on SLR securities under HTM from 24 per cent to 22 per cent in phased manner. This move will have an impact on the banks.
"Partial decrease in HTM limits is also driven by the liquidity coverage ratio. Clearly that will be the driver for the consideration of decreasing the HTM limit so that the excess SLR can be used for improving liquidity coverage ratio," Shah added.
At 01:05 p.m.; the Nifty was at 8,018, up 59.10 points or 0.74 per cent. It touched a high of 8,030.90 and a low of 7,943.75 in trade today.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Oil & gas index up 1%; diesel rate likely to be cut by Rs. 1/litreHi Guest
Oil & gas index up 1%; diesel rate likely to be cut by Rs. 1/litre
Diesel rate is likely to be cut by Rs. 1 per litre, while petrol rate is likely to be cut by Rs. 1.75 per litre, according to a report on a TV news channel.    At 1:51PM , the BSE Oil & Gas index is up 1% at 10701 as against the previous close of ...

RBI Guv Raghuram Rajan softens stance on Jan Dhan Yojana  says its a welcome schemeRBI Guv Raghuram Rajan softens stance on Jan Dhan Yojana, says it is a welcome scheme
PTI | Mumbai | Updated:  Sep 30 2014, 15:16  IST
Sep 30 2014, 15:16  IST
 

RBI projects GDP growth to accelerate to 6.3 pct next fiscalE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Hong Kong leader says Beijing wont back downStudent activists sleep in the shade of umbrellas, on a road near the government headquarters where pro-democracy activists have gathered and made camp, Tuesday, Sept. 30, 2014, in Hong Kong. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Hong Kong | Posted: September 30, 2014 2:55 pm
Hong Kong’s leader said China won’t back down from its decision to limit voting reforms in the Asian financial hub as pro-democracy protesters set a Wednesday deadline for a response from the government to meet their demands.
The unequivocal statement from Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying on Tuesday dashed hopes that the standoff between demonstrators and authorities could be resolved quickly through negotiations. It does not come as a surprise given that showing a willingness to talk would have made the Chinese leadership appear weak, which could embolden dissidents, critics and separatists on the mainland.
As the student-led protests that have snarled traffic and disrupted public transport entered a fifth day, Leung urged demonstrators to show consideration toward other residents and stop the unprecedented show of civil disobedience.
Leung, a Beijing appointee who is deeply mistrusted by Hong Kongers, also said that mainland communist leaders would not reverse their stance requiring a pro-Beijing panel screen candidates in the territory’s first direct elections, scheduled for 2017, adding he wouldn’t resign before then.
“The central government will not rescind its decision,” Leung said. The protesters don’t want nominees to be screened, and see the central government reneging on a promise that the chief executive would eventually be chosen through “universal suffrage.”
A brief statement from the Occupy Central civil disobedience movement said it had set an Oct. 1 deadline for Leung to meet their demands and step down. The group said on Twitter it would “announce new civil disobedience plans same day,” without elaborating.
Student leaders, who have played a big role in rallying the young people who’ve made up the majority of the protesters, planned to make their own announcement Tuesday about further plans and demands.
Even larger crowds are expected to flood the streets Wednesday, China’s National Day holiday. The government said it was canceling a fireworks display to mark the day.
One day after police shocked the city by firing tear gas at the crowds, the protesters passed a peaceful night Monday singing as they blocked streets in several parts of Hong Kong. They also staged a brief “mobile light” vigil, waving their glowing cell phones as the protests stretched into their fourth day. Crowds chanted calls for Leung to resign, and sang anthems calling for freedom.
Police arrested a man who drove his Mercedes-Benz through a crowd of protesters occupying a street in the densely populated Kowloon neighborhood of Mong Kok. Local television footage showed people scrambling as the car sped through the crowd while honking just before 2 a.m. Tuesday. No one was injured.
Thousands of people, many of them high school or college students doing their homework, gathered on a six-lane highway next to the local government headquarters ahead of the student leaders’ announcement.
Still, the movement seemed to be taking on a life of continued…

MS Cortana to soon start imitating human pol...Microsoft's Cortana to soon start imitating human pollsters
30 Sep, 2014, 02.55PM IST
Microsoft's entry into surveys could become another step in the polling field's journey away from random-digit dialing of landline telephones.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
By Alan Schwarz
People are slowly getting used to asking digital assistants like Apple's Siri simple questions, like "Will it rain tomorrow?" and "Where was Justin Bieber arrested?" Soon, cellphones may be the ones doing the asking - surveying people on more serious matters like their choice for president and how the United States should confront the Islamic State.
On Monday, Microsoft started a relatively straightforward survey website called Microsoft Prediction Lab , where users can submit their views and predictions regarding politics, sports and other subjects. The more novel part of Microsoft's plan will come later, though, when Cortana - Microsoft's answer to Siri - could start conducting interviews herself, imitating human pollsters.
Microsoft's entry into surveys could become another step in the polling field's journey away from random-digit dialing of landline telephones and toward newer technologies like cellphones and the Internet. Polling analysts will watch Cortana not just because of its novelty but also because of its potential to provide a human-sounding voice at little cost.
"The field is in a state of flux - everyone in the profession recognizes that there are a lot of challenges to our traditional methods," said Scott Keeter , the director of survey research of the Pew Research Center, one of the country's most respected polling groups. "I think this kind of experimentation is overdue."
Microsoft's survey website derives directly from the company's relatively quiet 2012 election polling experiment with, of all things, its Xbox video game console. Despite a sample that was overwhelmingly male and heavily young, Microsoft researchers were able to weight the answers to produce an outcome generally in line with major exit polls and other probabilistic models, according to a paper published in the International Journal of Forecasting.
"It's a pretty extreme example of a skewed population," said Douglas Rivers, a professor of political science at Stanford and the chief scientist of YouGov, a research firm that conducts Internet polls and is providing online-survey data to The New York Times for this year's midterm elections.
Rivers, who helped Microsoft analyze Xbox data for a study on swing voters, added: "The belief is that the population is very weird and unusual, and you can't say what's going on generally. It turns out that it's a little less weird than you would guess."
Polls have traditionally relied on landline telephones because random samples of phone numbers allow pollsters to approximate an entire population, and such surveys generally remain the most highly regarded. But as more people decline to answer poll questions, and move toward cellphones that are harder to track, the advantage of traditional polls has shrunk. The response rate of landline-phone polls has plummeted, from 36 percent in 1997 to just 9 percent in 2012, according to Pew, decreasing reliability and increasing costs.

Sensex Falls 250 Points from Day s High; Nifty Hovers Around 7 950You are here: Home Market
Sensex, Nifty Turn Flat; Bank, Realty Stocks Weigh
NDTV | Updated On: September 30, 2014 15:48 (IST)
Markets to Track Winter Session Action: Experts
The BSE Sensex fell over 250 points from its intra-day highs led by selling in rate-sensitive banking and real estate stocks.
The Sensex was down 18 points to 26,578, after rising to its 26,851.33 day's high. The Sensex had rallied over 200 points at its day's high as some analysts termed Reserve Bank of India's policy stance as less hawkish as compared to its earlier policy statement in August.
Gaurang Shah, assistant vice president at Geojit BNP Paribas Financial Services, attributed the selling to traders' paring their positions at higher levels due to the extended weekend holidays. Indian markets are closed on Thursday, Friday and Monday.
Mr Shah sees limited downside for the markets. The Nifty is likely to trade in the 7880-8000 levels in the near term, he added.
Earlier in the day, the RBI kept its key policy repo rate unchanged at 8.0 per cent, as widely expected, and also left its main liquidity levers - the statutory liquidity ratio (SLR) and the cash reserve ratio (CRR) - untouched. RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan however sent a strong signal that it will refrain from cutting interest rates until it is confident that consumer inflation can be reduced to a target of 6 per cent by January 2016.
The Bank Nifty fell 0.38 per cent to 15,414. Axis bank, Union Bank of India fell nearly 2 per cent while Bank of India was down over 3 per cent.
The CNX Realty index also lost 1.85 per cent, led by fall in DLF and Indiabulls Real Estate which were down 5.37 per cent and 3.7 per cent respectively. (With Agency Inputs)
Story first published on: September 30, 2014 15:05 (IST)

 RBI Projects GDP Growth to Accelerate to 6.3% Next FiscalYou are here: Home Economy
RBI Projects GDP Growth to Accelerate to 6.3% Next Fiscal
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 30, 2014 13:24 (IST)
Commercial Mining of Coal to be Allowed After Auction: Finance Minister
Mumbai: The RBI today said the country's GDP growth, which it estimates to be 5.5 per cent in the current fiscal, will improve to 6.3 per cent in 2015-16.
"For 2014-15, real GDP growth is projected to lie between 5 and 6 per cent, with a central estimate of 5.5 per cent... for 2015-16, real GDP growth is projected to rise to 6.3 per cent," the central bank said in its Monetary Policy report released today.
It said the 5.7 per cent growth in the first quarter of the current fiscal surprised on the upside and stated that the same has slackened in the second quarter.
One of the major contributors for the decline in growth will be the monsoon deficiency, which also affects non- agricultural sectors through demand effects, RBI report said.
However, the growth will grow towards the end of the fiscal, it said, adding that an improvement in exports driven by positive sentiments in the global markets and an increase in the yield-chasing fund inflows into the country will be the primary contributors for this.
A survey of professional forecasters conducted by the Reserve Bank pegged 2014-15 growth at 5.5 per cent and expects a major improvement in the number to 6.5 per cent in fiscal.
On the risks to growth, RBI said uncertainties around global recovery, any adverse effect on the commodity prices, a below-normal monsoon in the next fiscal, a depreciation in the rupee and inabilities to augment supply capacities are the biggest detrimental factors.
It can be noted that the country has had two consecutive fiscals of sub-5 per cent growth and clocked a growth of 4.7 per cent in the last fiscal.
Even though the April-June quarter growth at 5.7 per cent was healthy, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan said the recovery process in the country is "uneven", pointing to data releases like a fall in factory output during July.
Story first published on: September 30, 2014 13:22 (IST)

Oriental Bank of Commerce s three shareholder directors resignSep 30, 2014, 03.06 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Oriental Bank of Commerce's three shareholder directors resign
Oriental Bank of Commerce has informed BSE that the three Shareholder Directors of the Bank namely Sh. T. Valliappan, Dr. Abha Chaturvedi and Sh. P. B. Santhanakrishnan have vacated their offices on September 29, 2014 on completion of their tenure in pursuance of Clause 9 of the Nationalised Banks (Management And Miscellaneous Provisions) Scheme.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Oriental Bank of Commerce's three shareholder directors resign
Oriental Bank of Commerce has informed BSE that the three Shareholder Directors of the Bank namely Sh. T. Valliappan, Dr. Abha Chaturvedi and Sh. P. B. Santhanakrishnan have vacated their offices on September 29, 2014 on completion of their tenure in pursuance of Clause 9 of the Nationalised Banks (Management And Miscellaneous Provisions) Scheme.
Post your opinion here
 
Oriental Bank of Commerce has informed BSE that the three Shareholder Directors of the Bank namely Sh. T. Valliappan, Dr. Abha Chaturvedi and Sh. P. B. Santhanakrishnan have vacated their offices on September 29, 2014 on completion of their tenure in pursuance of Clause 9 of the Nationalised Banks (Management And Miscellaneous Provisions) Scheme.Source : BSE

Zenith Birla appoints Anirudha Waghmare as additional directorSep 30, 2014, 03.06 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Zenith Birla appoints Anirudha Waghmare as additional director
Zenith Birla (India) Ltd has informed BSE that Mr. Anirudha Waghmare has been appointed as additional Director on September 30, 2014 by circular resolution.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Zenith Birla appoints Anirudha Waghmare as additional director
Zenith Birla (India) Ltd has informed BSE that Mr. Anirudha Waghmare has been appointed as additional Director on September 30, 2014 by circular resolution.
Post your opinion here
 
Zenith Birla (India) Ltd has informed BSE that Mr. Anirudha Waghmare has been appointed as additional Director on September 30, 2014 by circular resolution.Source : BSE

RBI should have seized opportunity to cut interest rateSep 30, 2014, 03.05 PM IST  | Source: PTI
'RBI should have seized opportunity to cut interest rate'
This is the fourth consecutive time that the RBI has kept key interest rates unchanged despite clamours from the industry to cut rates to boost economy.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
'RBI should have seized opportunity to cut interest rate'
This is the fourth consecutive time that the RBI has kept key interest rates unchanged despite clamours from the industry to cut rates to boost economy.
Post your opinion here
 
With crude and commodity prices ebbing and the twin deficits under check, the Reserve Bank should have cut the key policy rate to push investments and boost economic growth, India Inc today said.
"By all indications, the twin deficits - fiscal and current account are well under control and core inflation has been trending downwards. While on the other hand, industrial production has been muted. This could have been a good opportunity for the RBI to reduce rates," said CII Director General Chandrajit Banerjee.
"The infusion of liquidity at this juncture, through a reduction in policy rates, would have provided an impetus to the feel good factor brought on by the recent burst of policy announcements made by the government," he added.
Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan today left all key rates unchanged citing increased risks to inflation and difficult external situation especially on the geopolitical front.
This is the fourth consecutive time that the RBI has kept key interest rates unchanged despite clamours from the industry to cut rates to boost economy.
"With crude oil prices having come down significantly and showing further prospects of reduction and commodity prices in the global market seeing downward trend, the Reserve Bank would not have taken any inflationary risks if policy interest rates were eased a bit signalling accommodation for boosting growth," Assocham President Rana Kapoor said.
"In fact, the macro picture at this point of time is ripe for policy accommodation for growth," he added.
The short-term lending rate (repo) rate now stands at 8 percent, and the cash reserve requirement of banks at 4 percent. The statutory liquidity ratio (SLR) has also been retained at 22 percent.
"As projects come on-stream and the industrial economy starts moving, there will hopefully be greater demand for credit. While we fully appreciate the measures taken by RBI in maintaining adequate liquidity in the system, I would like to mention that the viability of fresh investments is impacted by many factors including the cost of credit," Ficci Secretary General A Didar Singh said.
Explaining the rationale for status quo policy, Rajan said though wholesale price index (WPI) inflation has ebbed to levels consistent with 8 percent inflation by January 2015, "there are risks from food price shocks as the full effects of the monsoon's passage unfold, and from geo-political developments that could materialise rapidly."
"We believe there has been a significant decline in inflation scenario during the recent months. The upside risks to inflation are also receding in the wake of softening international crude oil prices and stability in the foreign exchange market. At this juncture, a cut in policy rates would not only be fruitful to uplift the lacklustre industry growth trajectory but also be inevitable to create demand in the economy," PHD Chamber President Sharad Jaipuria said.
RELATED NEWS

China approves iPhone 6 after security assurances...and
versions
BEIJING (AP) — China's phone regulator said Tuesday it has approved Apple Inc.'s iPhone 6 for use on Chinese networks after the company promised never to install "backdoors" to give other governments access to users' information. Apple said sales start Oct. 17.
The Ministry of Industry and Information Technology's announcement reflected Chinese unease about the reliability of foreign communications technology following disclosures about widespread U.S. government eavesdropping.
China is one of Apple's biggest markets and any disruption to the availability of its latest smartphone could be a serious commercial setback.
Apple, based in Cupertino, California, began delivering its new smartphone in the United States and other markets Sept. 20 but delayed its rollout in China without explanation.
Approval for use of the iPhone 6 on Chinese networks was granted after Apple "promised 'it never constructed a so-called 'backdoor' for any government entity of any country in any product or service,' and moreover 'never will'," the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology said in a statement.
Communist leaders are uneasy about China's reliance on foreign technology, especially for security. Banks and major companies have been ordered to limit use of foreign information security technology. The government announced in May it would start examining foreign technology for security flaws and bar sales of products that fail.
The delay in iPhone 6 sales in China created an opening for black market traders who brought in phones from other markets. Authorities have announced the seizure of hundreds of phones from airline travelers and others over the past two weeks.
This year, Apple faced accusations by Chinese state TV that the location service on the iPhone could allow the company to steal secrets and threaten national security. The company denied it worked with any foreign governments to create "backdoor access" and said location data stays in the phone.
Apple said the iPhone 6 will be supported by all three major Chinese state-owned phone carriers — China Mobile Ltd., China Telecom Ltd. and China Unicom Ltd.
Prices will range from 5,288 yuan ($860) for a 16-gigabyte model to 6,088 yuan ($991) for a 64-gigabyte model and 6,888 yuan ($1,121) for a 128-gigabyte, the company said. The iPhone 6 Plus, with a larger screen, will be priced at 6,088 yuan ($991) to 7,788 yuan ($1,267).
Apple faces growing competition from Chinese makers of smartphones including Lenovo Group, Huawei Technology Ltd. and low-cost suppliers Xiaomi and Oppo Electronics Corp.
An official of a government-authorized economic group said at a conference that officials in Shanghai have been ordered to stop using Apple and other foreign-brand smartphones, according to Chinese media.
"Shanghai already has asked cadres all to use Huawei smartphones. Samsung also is not OK. This is called a security issue," said the official, Wei Jianguo, secretary-general of the China Center for International Economic Exchanges, according to a transcript on the website of Caijing, a business magazine.
In a written statement, Huawei said it knew of no such government plans. The company, which is the world's biggest manufacturer of network gear used by phone companies and is expanding into consumer devices, said it has responded to users' expectations for security by adding features such as a fingerprint scanner to its latest products.

Eurozone inflation falls to near 5-year low...and
versions
LONDON (AP) — Inflation across the 18 euro countries dipped further toward zero in September, piling pressure on the European Central Bank to pull the trigger on its biggest stimulus weapon — a large-scale program to create new money.
Expectations that the bank will back such a program— similar to the one pursued by the U.S. Federal Reserve in recent years — mounted Tuesday after official figures showed consumer prices in the eurozone rose only 0.3 percent in the 12 months to September.
The decline from the previous month's 0.4 percent annual rate leaves inflation at its lowest since October 2009 and way below the ECB's target of just under 2 percent.
Though the fall was largely due to a big 2.4 percent drop in energy prices and was widely anticipated in financial markets, a closer look shows a worrying underlying trend — the core inflation rate, which excludes energy, tobacco, alcohol and food, fell to 0.7 percent from 0.9 percent.
"This is a serious blow to those still arguing that the weakness of inflation will be temporary," said Jennifer McKeown, senior European economist at Capital Economics.
Traders think it's now more likely that the ECB will back large-scale purchases of government bonds with newly created money — called quantitative easing, or QE — though not at this Thursday's meeting. For now, it is likely to want to see whether other stimulus measures it unveiled in June and in September have an impact.
Following the inflation figures' publication, the euro was down 0.7 percent on the day at $1.2594, the first time it's been below $1.26 since the summer of 2012, when it started recovering in the wake of comments from ECB President Mario Draghi that the bank would do "whatever it takes" to save the euro.
Because QE would increase the amount of euros in the economy, expectations of such a stimulus program from the ECB have weighed on the euro. It's down 9 percent against the dollar since May and its further drop on Tuesday suggests traders are preparing for the possibility of QE in coming months.
Obstacles remain, however.
Some countries, particularly Germany, Europe's powerhouse economy, are worried that QE would amount to ECB financing for governments. Draghi has also been resisting calls for QE by insisting governments should speed up reforms to make their economies grow faster.
"I believe he will succumb to this pressure eventually, though perhaps not as soon as Thursday's policy announcement," said Ben Brettell, senior economist at stockbrokers Hargreaves Lansdown. "Stiff opposition from Germany will need to be overcome."
The key will be whether economic indicators improve in coming months — if they do not, Draghi has said the ECB is ready to do more to help the economy.
The sharp fall in the euro could be a deciding factor as it should help growth by boosting exports and lift inflation by raising the price of imports.
French Economy Minister Emmanuel Macron said the weakening euro is "very good news" for the country's industries, such as carmakers Renault, PSA Peugeot-Citroen and plane maker Airbus.
"Until now, it was one of the weaknesses for our competitiveness," he told The Associated Press on the sidelines of a Peugeot-Citroen event Tuesday. "I do trust Mr. Draghi."
By shoring up economic activity with stimulus measures, the ECB hopes to keep inflation from remaining too low — a growing economy can drive up wages as unemployment falls and fuel inflation. Separate figures Tuesday showed that unemployment in the eurozone was unchanged in August at a still sky-high 11.5 percent with huge discrepancies across the region — while Germany has a low unemployment rate of 4.9 percent, Spain's stands at 24.5 percent.
The ECB, like all other central banks, would rather see a modest inflation rate than a very low one. A particular concern would be a sustained period of falling prices — so-called deflation can make consumers delay purchases as they anticipate lower prices and make businesses reluctant to invest. Japan is the most recent example of a major economy in the grip of deflation — two decades on, the world's third-largest economy is still struggling to emerge from its period of stasis.
___
Jeff Schaeffer in Paris contributed to this report.

German jobless rate down to 6.5 percent... 
September 30, 2014 04:53 AM EST | Associated Press
BERLIN (AP) — Germany's unemployment rate dipped to 6.5 percent in September as hiring picked up after the summer break.
The Federal Labor Agency said Tuesday the unadjusted jobless rate fell from 6.7 percent in August, with 2.808 million people registered unemployed. That's 94,000 fewer than in August and 41,000 fewer than last September.
Labor agency head Frank-Juergen Weise attributed that to the traditional seasonal upturn.
When adjusted for seasonal trends, the jobless rate stood at 6.7 percent for the seventh consecutive month, as economists had forecast. However, a rise by 12,000 in the number of unemployed contrasted with predictions of a drop by 2,000.
Business confidence in Germany, Europe's largest economy, has slid as turmoil in Ukraine and sluggish global growth cloud the outlook for exports.

Heera Ispat: Outcome of board meetingSep 30, 2014, 03.28 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Heera Ispat: Outcome of board meeting
Heera Ispat Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on September 30, 2014, has considered, discussed and approved the appointment Chief Financial Officer.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Heera Ispat: Outcome of board meeting
Heera Ispat Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on September 30, 2014, has considered, discussed and approved the appointment Chief Financial Officer.
Post your opinion here
 
Heera Ispat Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on September 30, 2014, inter alia, has considered, discussed and approved the following matters:1. Appointment Chief Financial Officer.2. Appointment of Internal Auditor.3. To give advertisement for appointment of Company Secretary in full time employment.Source : BSE

Rates Mixed at Weekly US Treasury Bill AuctionAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Qantas flies A380 on worlds longest routeNEW DELHI, September 29, 2014
Updated: September 29, 2014 16:18 IST
Qantas flies A380 on world’s longest route
Sandeep Dixit
The world’s largest passenger aircraft on Monday flew non-stop on the world’s longest route with Qantas, the Australian airlines, launching the A380 between Sydney and Dallas.
The plane will fly for almost 16 hours, said Qantas Group CEO Alan Joyce via e mail.
Qantas has found the A380 better suited for this long-haul route, previously flown by the B747. With the change in aircraft, the Qantas flight offers more seats and greater options for customers.
``Not only will the A380 increase seats on the route by more than 10 per cent each week, it will also provide us with greater fuel efficiency and the range to operate the return service direct back to Sydney,” said Mr. Joyce.
Of the increased services to the US planned by Qantas, about half are operated by the A380 and the other half by B747s with A380-style interiors.

US-led airstrikes hit four Syrian provincesPress Trust of India | Beirut | Posted: September 29, 2014 3:51 pm
US-led coalition warplanes bombed Islamic State group positions overnight across four provinces in northern and eastern Syria, hitting a grain silo as well as the country’s largest gas plant, activists said on Monday.
Washington and its Arab allies opened their air assault against the extremist group last week, going after its military facilities, training camps, heavy weapons and oil installations. The campaign expands upon the airstrikes the United States has been conducting against the militants in Iraq since early August.
The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said coalition forces hit Islamic State group facilities overnight in Aleppo, Raqqa, Hassakeh and Deir el-Zour provinces. It said there were casualties, but that it did not have concrete figures. Among the facilities hit was the entrance to Syria’s largest gas plant, Conoco in Deir el-Zour province, and grain silo in the extremist-held town of Manbij in Aleppo
province.
It said the gas facility itself was not damaged. Another activist group, the Aleppo Media Center, also reported the strike on the grain silo in Manbij, northeast of Aleppo city. It said the attack ignited a fire at the facility. There was no immediate confirmation from the US or its
allies on the reported air raids.
More strikes this morning hit the town of Tel Abyad on the Syria-Turkey border, according to a resident on the Turkish side on the frontier. Mehmet Ozer told The Associated Press by telephone that the raids hit an abandoned military base and an empty school, sending pillars of smoke and dust into the air. He said Islamic State fighters cleared out of the military about three or four months ago.

Buy  Spock s  LA Home for $1.2 Millionbuy  spock s  la home for $1.2 million
Lenovo looks to expand after IBM acquisitionUpdated: September 29, 2014 16:03 IST
Lenovo looks to expand after IBM acquisition
AP
Reuters Lenovo plans to use the acquisition to grow faster outside its personal computer business. File Photo
TOPICS
company information
Lenovo Group has received U.S. and European approval to complete its acquisition of IBM Corp.’s low-end server business and plans to use it to grow faster outside its personal computer business, Lenovo’s chairman said on Monday.
The $2.1 billion acquisition is due to close on Wednesday following a successful review by a U.S. government security panel and European and Chinese regulators, the company said.
The IBM assets will add a “growth engine” to a growing array of businesses that include computers, mobile devices and services, chairman Yang Yuanqing said in a telephone interview.
Lenovo, which bought IBM’s PC unit in 2005, has carried out a flurry of acquisitions and launched initiatives including creating a smartphone brand to expand into faster-growing businesses.
Also this year, Lenovo bought the Motorola Mobility smartphone business from Google Inc. for $2.9 billion.
“Our mobile business and our enterprise business will be growing even faster than our PC business,” said Yang.
Lenovo has said the IBM acquisition will propel it from a No. 9 ranking among server manufacturers to No. 3 behind Hewlett Packard Co. and Dell Inc.
Lenovo, with headquarters in Beijing and in Research Triangle Park, North Carolina, passed HP in 2013 as the No. 1 PC maker, though that achievement was tempered by a slowdown in demand as users shift to mobile devices.
Lenovo has said it expects mobile devices to become the bulk of its business in coming years.
In the quarter ending in June, sales of smartphones, tablet computers and other wireless technology rose 32 percent over a year earlier, Lenovo reported earlier. That helped to boost quarterly profit by 23 percent to $214 million.
The latest acquisition includes IBM’s System x, BladeCenter and Flex System blade servers and switches, x86-based Flex integrated systems, NeXtScale and iDataPlex servers and associated software, blade networking and maintenance operations.
The price was reduced from the previously announced $2.3 billion due to a change in valuation of IBM’s inventory and deferred revenue, according to Lenovo. It said none of the terms of the agreement changed.
The IBM manager in charge of the x86 server business, Adalio Sanchez, will stay in that post with Lenovo, the company said.

Singareni to open country s biggest underground mineSingareni Collieries to open country's biggest underground mine
Krishna N Das     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 29, 2014  | 20:37 IST
Picture for representation only. (Source: Reuters)
Country's second-largest coal producer Singareni Collieries will open the biggest underground mine in the country next month with a capacity of 2.8 million tonnes per year, which should help the firm edge past its output target for the current fiscal year.
Singareni's better-than-expected output will ensure sufficient supplies to south India-based power plants it caters to, at a time when the country is facing a severe shortage of coal . Nearly half of nation's power plants have less than a week's stock of the fuel.
Singareni's output is just about 10 per cent of what Coal India, the world's largest miner, digs out. But its small size and focus on one state, Telangana, has helped it beat its production targets for years, unlike Coal India that has its mines across the country.
Sutirtha Bhattacharya, Singareni's chairman, told Reuters on Monday the company will be able to produce about 1-1.5 million this fiscal year from the new underground mine. Most of India's mines are easy-to-operate open cast pits.
The company expects to produce a total of 55 million tonnes in the current fiscal year ending March 31, 2015, and 56 million the year after that. Its target for the current fiscal year was 54.5 million.
"We are the only company to provide more than 100 per cent of what we commit to our power customers," Bhattacharya said. "We also make up for others' deficits and help in lowering imports."
Most of the power plants with critical stocks are suffering from low levels of supply from Coal India, which is struggling to raise output as rains slowed activity in some mines .
Coal India fell short of its production target of 183.9 million tonnes for April-August by 8 million tonnes. The company fears it may not be able to meet its commitment of supplying 408 million tonnes to power firms this fiscal year.
The inability of Coal India - accounting for 80 per cent of the country's coal output - to raise production fast enough has made India the world's third-largest coal importer despite sitting on the fifth-largest reserves.
(Reuters)

Safety Agency Studying Toyota Acceleration ProblemAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Madras Fertilizers to tie-up with IOC for natural gasnatural gas
MFL has requested the Centre to continue with the subsidy policy for naphtha-based units for some more time, as the deadline expires on Tuesday.
Madras Fertilizers Ltd (MFL) will tie-up with Indian Oil Corporation (IOC) to source natural gas as a feedstock to produce urea, said its Chairman and Managing Director I. Vijayakumar.
Till recently, MFL was toying with the idea of either tying with IOC or Gas Authority of India to source natural gas. While the IOC’s Ennore-LNG terminal is likely to become operational by 2017, doubts have been raised regarding the completion of GAIL pipeline (Kochi-Koottanad-Mangalore-Bangalore). Hence, MFL has opted for the former.
Continue subsidy
Meanwhile, MFL has requested the Centre to continue with the subsidy policy for naphtha-based units for some more time, as the deadline expires on Tuesday.
“We have not been given instructions officially or unofficially to continue with our operations. The closure and re-opening of the unit will create unnecessary tension and result in an additional expenditure of Rs.15 crore. We are unable to draw medium- or long-term plans, and banks are reluctant to extend credit,” he said.
Back in black
The BIFR-referred company at present has a negative net worth of Rs.206 crore and accumulated losses of Rs.381 crore.
Mr. Vijayakumar said the continued losses and consequent sickness were due to cost and time overrun of revamp of ammonia and urea plants, delay in stabilisation of revamped plants due to technology related issues, higher energy, poor reliability, lack of maintenance of existing plants for wants of funds and unfavourable pricing policies up to March 2009. MFL had submitted a Draft Rehabilitation Scheme (DRS) to Board for Restructuring of Public Sector Enterprises. The next meeting will be held on October 6.
“As part of the DRS, we have sought waiver of outstanding loan liabilities and interest of Rs.900 crore payable to GoI. We will end the current fiscal with a profit of Rs.80 crore. With the help of loan waiver and profit, we will come out of sickness and start paying dividend in two-three years,” he said.

After Passport  BlackBerry working on another  unconventional  device; teases new device plansSep 30, 2014 at 12:59pm IST
After Passport, BlackBerry working on another 'unconventional' device; teases new device plans
11
2
Toronto: Even as BlackBerry pivots to focus more on software and services, the company that gained fame for its smartphones is not giving up on its handset business, two senior executives said.
After recording a gross profit from its weakened handset operation and with roughly 50 million people globally still using its older-generation BlackBerry phones, there is potential in that business, the executives said.
Their remarks came during a frenetic week when BlackBerry reported a much smaller-than-expected loss and launched its square-screened Passport device.
The BlackBerry Classic, which bears similarities to the company's once wildly popular Bold smartphone, will be available later this year.
#blackberry #blackberry passport #blackberry classic
Ron Louks, who heads BlackBerry's devices arm, said now that the company had pared losses, it could afford to take some risks and look at introducing at least one unconventional device each year.
"When it comes to design and being a little bit disruptive, we want that 'wow' factor," Louks said. "Not all of the products will have it, but we definitely have opportunities."
BlackBerry already has another unconventional device in the works, he said, adding that it has already received some positive feedback from carriers on it.
Passport reviews have been mixed. While the device has won praise for its battery life, wide screen and touch-sensitive keyboard, it has been criticized for, among other things, being difficult to operate with one hand.
Louks hinted that BlackBerry was working on a prototype that would be easier to use with a single hand.
"From a roadmap perspective, I'm pretty happy with where we are at for next year," he said in an interview, adding that he also expected demand for the Passport to exceed expectations.
BlackBerry said on Friday that it had already taken about 200,000 orders for the Passport, which went on sale Wednesday and sold out on Amazon.com Inc within six hours.
Speaking with the media after BlackBerry reported quarterly results on Friday, Chief Executive Officer John Chen said the company was likely to show new devices at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona in 2015.
"Given the receptivity for the Passport, I know that we'll have at least another generation of that device," said Chen. "I also carry very high hopes for the Classic, and I've spoken with a lot of people that want it ... so I think we will have another iteration on that, and there will be a new concept device too."
The BlackBerry Classic, which bears similarities to the company's once wildly popular Bold smartphone, will be available later this year.
BlackBerry's volatile stock was up 0.2 per cent at $10.28 in late-morning Nasdaq trading.
JPMorgan, UBS, BMO and other brokerages raised their share-price targets for BlackBerry on Monday.
8

RBI policy over; top 15 rate-sensitive stocks that can return upto 49% over 6-12 monthsAshok Leyland
(RBI kept its key policy rates…)
NEW DELHI: The Reserve Bank of India (RBI), on expected lines, kept key policy rates unchanged in its monetary policy review on Tuesday. However, it warned of risks to its target on consumer inflation. The RBI plans to bring it down to 6 percent by January 2016.
India's central bank kept the policy repo rate under the liquidity adjustment facility (LAF) unchanged at 8.0 per cent and the cash reserve ratio (CRR) of scheduled banks unchanged at 4.0 per cent of net demand and time liabilities (NDTL).
"We think the main reason behind this is that RBI is holding the job of maintaining the Credibility of the processes like anti-inflation process while keeping in the consideration quite a lot of currency pressure," said Rohit Gadia, Founder & CEO, CapitalVia Global Research Limited.
"RBI has set a glide path for CPI inflation at 8 per cent by January 15 and 6 per cent by January 2016. So RBI can raise interest rate even in the next review if they see that CPI numbers are going out of ease," he added.
Since June, headline inflation has ebbed to levels which are consistent with the desired near-term glide path of disinflation -- 8 per cent by January 2015.
However, with international crude prices softening and relative stability in the foreign exchange market, some upside risks to inflation are receding, RBI said in a statement.
Therefore, the future policy stance will be influenced by the Reserve Bank's projections of inflation relative to the medium term objective (6 per cent by January 2016), while being contingent on incoming data.
"For market, the policy has come as per expectation and more importantly those expectations were managed way ahead of the policy so hopefully there should not be any reaction from the market," said Nilesh Shah, MD & CEO, Axis Capital.
Analysts do not expect rate cut anytime soon but the action will remain in individual stocks. Investors should bet on quality stocks from the rate-sensitive basket.
We have collated list of fifteen stocks which can give up to 49 per cent return in the next 6-12 months:
Analyst: Ranajit Kumar Saha, AVP - Technical Research at Microsec Capital Ltd
United Bank: Buy around 38-40 SL: 34 Target: 54
Rationale: United Bank has corrected almost 35 percent from its recent high of Rs 61.75 made on 4th July, 2014. Now the stock is likely to find a strong support at Rs 38 (near 200 DMA). We recommend accumulating the stock around 38-40 for the target of Rs 54.
M&M Finance: Buy around 270-280 SL: 230 Target: 340
Rationale: After making a recent high of 295.75 on 15th September, 2014, M&M Fin. Service Ltd. corrected almost 8 percent. Now it is expected to get a strong support near 265. We recommend initiating long position in the stock with stop loss of Rs 230 for the target price of Rs 340.
Ashok Leyland Ltd.: Buy around 40-41 SL: 33 Target: 54
Rationale: Ashok Leyland Ltd. has given a bullish break out at Rs 40 with decant volumes on monthly chart.The stock expected to test Rs 54 in the near future. We recommend initiating long positions in the stock with stop loss of Rs 33
  IDFC: Buy around 135-140 SL: 120 Target: 173
Rationale: IDFC has corrected almost 18 percent from its recent high of Rs 166.65 made on 21st July, 2014. The stock is likely to find a strong support near Rs 135. We recommend accumulating the stock around 135-140 for the target of Rs 173.
IndusInd Bank: Buy around 610-630 SL: 578 Target: 698
Rationale: IndusInd Bank Ltd. is in continuous uptrend since last March, 2014. The stock is likely to test Rs 698 in the short term. We recommend initiating long position in the stock with stop loss of Rs 578.
Analyst: Kiran Kumar Kavikondala, Director & CEO, WealthRays Securities
TVS Motors (CMP- Rs. 228.60; Target- Rs. 250.00)
Any positive surprise from RBI or with a status quo auto sector stocks are likely to gain ahead of the festive season. Automobile sales in India has picked up after May'14 with the sector showing strong signs of revival. Volume growth is clearly seen in the month of August with the company delivering 46% volume growth in August 2013. With two wheeler and three wheeler segment picking up and October, being a festive season may trigger further growth. Easing liquidity in markets may cause increased disposable income and increased demand and also alter cost of funds for auto sector.
Axis Bank Ltd. (CMP: 385, Target: 435-440)
Banks have dipped significantly over the last 1 week as Investors have remained cautious ahead of RBI Monetary policy decisions. The RBI Policy, however, is expected to provide relief to Banks as RBI is unlikely to take any major decision regarding interest rates. The recent Inflation data has been good and taking cues from Fed Policy Meet earlier this month, RBI is expected to maintain status quo regarding interest rates. Such an event would bring money inflows into Axis Bank and the stock is expected to rally.
DLF (CMP: 158, Target: 185-195)

Hang Seng falls amid Hong Kong protestsEuro tumbles on ECB easing speculation
Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4a74cd96-484f-11e4-ac9f-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rupee Gains after RBI Policy ReviewYou are here: Home Market
Rupee Gains after RBI Policy Review
Reuters | Updated On: September 30, 2014 13:33 (IST)
The rupee fell to as low as 61.71 after the RBI policy review before gaining to trade at 61.59.
The rupee/dollar pair closed on Monday at 61.53/54.
The RBI kept its key policy repo rate unchanged at 8.0 percent on Tuesday.
The dollar is on track to post its biggest monthly gain in over a year.
Asian currencies were trading mixed versus the dollar. Month-end demand from importers were seen aiding the pair.
Nifty was trading up 0.87 percent.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

PC Jeweller surges 9%; bets on e-tailing  joins FlipkartSep 30, 2014, 01.28 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
PC Jeweller surges 9%; bets on e-tailing, joins Flipkart
PC Jeweller sees online jewellery sales becoming a huge market in the next few years, contributing a good share to their business.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
PC Jeweller surges 9%; bets on e-tailing, joins Flipkart
PC Jeweller sees online jewellery sales becoming a huge market in the next few years, contributing a good share to their business.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  PC Jeweller surged 9 percent intraday on Tuesday as it expands its footprints into the e-tailing space. The Delhi-based jewellery company joined e-commerce major Flipkart to create a platform for online jewellery shopping.
The focus will be on the replicating the comfort, convenience and brilliance that is associated with shopping at the jewellery retailer's large format showroom online on Flipkart, it said.
"We are focussed on our online jewellery brand WearYourShine by PC Jeweller and going forward, we would also like to work with Flipkart towards creating a seamless offline-online integration wherein customers get a flexibility to buy online and exchange or return offline across over 46 showrooms of PC Jeweller, it said
PC Jeweller sees online jewellery sales becoming a huge market in the next few years, contributing a good share to their business.
Meanwhile, PC Jeweller has incorporated a new wholly owned subsidiary Transforming Retail Private with an initial investment of Rs 100000. Currently, the company have two wholly owned subsidiaries namely, PC Universal Private and Transforming Retail Private.
At 13:18 hrs PC Jeweller was quoting at Rs 235.70, up Rs 9.60, or 4.25 percent on the BSE.
(Posted by Nasrin Sultana)

Hong Kongs umbrella revolution may be the politest protest everThe Future of Hong Kong
September 30, 2014
HONG KONG—Walking through the protests that have closed down central Hong Kong for more than two days can turn up some surprising scenes. Sure, the pro-democracy crowds, mostly teenagers and twenty-somethings clad in black, are singing songs, chanting slogans, and brandishing signs denouncing the Chinese government and Hong Kong’s chief executive, C.Y. Leung.
But they’re also quite possibly the most well-mannered activists ever, who seem as hellbent on leaving behind a good impression as they do agitating for the city’s top elected official to step down—and telling Beijing to stuff it.
This sign is one of many apologies posted around the city:
— Rishi Iyengar (@iyengarrishi) September 29, 2014
Here’s another, posted in Mongkok:
A very polite note from a protester in Mongkok. http://t.co/314yeVcUOj —
Lily Kuo (@lilkuo) September 30, 2014
Protesters are constantly picking up trash, including cigarette butts and tiny scraps of paper:
Trolley woman – a lone protester cleans up a main road with a shopping cart #OccupyCentral #OccupyHongKong pic.twitter.com/6t8DBFogLd
— Jacky Wong (@jackycwong) September 30, 2014
Not to mention being sure to recycle:
Removing caps so empty bottles can be recycled properly #OccupyHongKong pic.twitter.com/mEGDrzLuFE
— Heather Timmons  (@HeathaT) September 30, 2014
Teenage “occupiers” in school uniforms have been spotted diligently doing their homework:
School kids do their homework in the streets at Hong Kong protest pic.twitter.com/pZXkDOaSTp
— Richard Frost (@frostyhk) September 29, 2014
And protesters are observing posted signs, even though their protests have been deemed illegal:
Best #OccupyCentral protest behavior: RT @JoshTANoble : Please keep off the grass. And they do. pic.twitter.com/APzManHuaz
— Andre Martin (@AndreMartin) September 29, 2014
The protesters’ politeness may be one of the reasons that, despite changes to dozens of bus routes, companies being forced to ask employees to work from home, and entire neighborhoods made accessible only by foot, the demonstrators have not sparked much general ire from other Hong Kongers. Instead, the students were joined last night by tens of thousands of supporters. Tonight’s crowds are expected to be even larger.
Share this:

Harish Manwani to retire as Unilever s COO in DecemberHarish Manwani to retire as Unilever's COO in December
ET Bureau Oct 1, 2014, 10.04AM IST
Tags:
categories
(Apart from being a senior…)
MUMBAI: Harish Manwani , who became Unilever's first chief operating officer more than three years ago, is set to retire from the Anglo-Dutch consumer goods giant in December.
Manwani, who joined Hindustan Unilever as a management trainee in 1976, will however continue as the non-executive chairman of the company's Indian unit — Hindustan Unilever.
"Harish has been instrumental in the transformation of the company. Under his leadership we have seen a step-change in our goto-market organisation and there has been a relentless focus on flawless execution globally. He has role-modelled the 4G sustainable growth model - competitive, consistent, profitable and responsible -which has become such a strong focal point for the markets," said Unilever CEO Paul Polman .
As COO , Manwani tried to align market clusters across the world, creating a more integrated company and helping resource allocation to be done more efficiently across markets that allowed the business to be managed more dynamically especially amid slowing consumer demand.
"Today, Unilever is in a strong position with a clear strategy and capabilities to drive long-term responsible growth. This makes it a good time for me to make this personal transition. I look forward to working with Paul and the leadership team over the coming months to ensure a smooth transition and to further build our growth agenda," said Manwani, 62, the brains behind the company's successful challenge to Colgate's dominance in personal care segment in India in the 1990s.
Manwani has been part of the ET Awards jury in the past. Apart from being a senior and experienced Unilever hand, Manwani has first-hand knowledge of the challenges in emerging markets.
When he took over as director of personal care in what was then called Hindustan Lever in 1995, competitors including Colgate enjoyed a big lead in categories such as toothpaste.
Manwani implemented a marketing plan that brought Lever to within striking distance of Colgate and boosted the firm's already strong position in shampoos. He joined the Indian unit after studying management at JBIMS and became president of Unilever's Asian and African business a decade ago.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Alibaba leads global equity capital mkts tre...Alibaba leads global equity capital markets treasure hunt
By Reuters | 30 Sep, 2014, 02.09PM IST
0
Share More
Initial public offerings (IPOs) in particular stole the limelight, almost doubling from the same period in 2013 to hit $176.1 billion worldwide.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
LONDON/HONG KONG: Global equity capital markets returned with a vengeance in 2014 as bankers, investors and companies led a charge that culminated spectacularly in Alibaba, the biggest share listing ever.
Worldwide equity capital market (ECM) deals, from flotations to rights issues, totalled $678.1 billion in the first nine months of 2014, a quarter more than the same period of 2013 and the highest since 2007, according to Thomson Reuters data.
Companies around the world cashed in on strong investor demand and European deals jumped by more than half, hitting the highest level since records began in 1980.
Initial public offerings (IPOs) in particular stole the limelight, almost doubling from the same period in 2013 to hit $176.1 billion worldwide.
The long-awaited Alibaba flotation finally landed in September, whipping up a frenzy as everyone from founder Jack Ma to kung fu star Jet Li descended on the New York Stock Exchange to watch the e-commerce giant's stock rise 38 per cent on its first day of trading.
The listing raised $25 billion after underwriters sold extra shares, and helped stock market listings across the Asia Pacific region more than triple to $69.5 billion so far this year.
Equity market deals were also buoyed by the resumption of listings in China after a hiatus of nearly a year and half, plus a surge in issuance in Hong Kong and Australia.
The ECM rebound has proved lucrative, with bankers netting a juicy $300 million in fees for Alibaba alone. Goldman Sachs
topped the global ECM issuance league table by volume, with 300 deals totalling $61.2 billion, followed by rival investment banks JP Morgan and Morgan Stanley.
"It's been a fantastic year for some of the banks, but revenue is skewed towards the tech sector and one jumbo transaction," said Mervyn Chow, head of the global markets solutions group in Asia Pacific at Credit Suisse , one of five bookrunners for Alibaba's record sale.
"This is a landmark deal in every aspect globally and provides very positive momentum and a textbook roadmap for other Chinese entrepreneurs looking to float," he said. "It will allow other up-and-coming Internet companies to follow."
Issuance in the region is expected to continue rising, with large offerings in Hong Kong, Thailand and Australia likely before the end of the year.
Key deals include an offer worth up to $6 billion from China's Wanda Commercial Properties, while Australian insurer Medibank Private's flotation could fetch four billion Australian dollars ($3.5 billion).
ROCKET FUEL
Share offers from technology, media and telecommunications firms may ease, but deals from others sectors, including healthcare, are expected from a wide range of issuers, Credit Suisse's Chow and his European counterpart Nick Williams said.
"We would expect sponsors to account for a significant part of the pipeline, but we're also expecting corporate spin-offs, spin-outs, and a wave of privatisations," said Williams, head of European ECM at Credit Suisse.
European deals in 2014 have so far accounted for almost a third of global ECM issuance, rising 54 per cent from 2013 to hit $220.3 billion, the highest level for the first nine months of any year since records began in 1980.
Following a glut of private equity-backed flotations, major corporate deals are emerging. German drugmaker Bayer announced this month plans to list its plastics division, worth up to 10 billion euros.
After a quiet first half, Frankfurt is listing multi-billion dollar Internet firms Rocket Internet and Zalando
this quarter. Rocket even brought its offer forward a week citing "exceptional investor demand".
In the United States, it was the best first nine months in a year since 2000 and activity does not look to be slowing anytime soon, with Alibaba whetting investor appetite for more deals.
"We were all expecting that Alibaba would fuel the market," said Jackie Kelly , Americas IPO leader at Ernst & Young .
"In a large transaction investors don't get to buy as much stock as they want. IPOs generally outperform the general market indices, which is what makes them so attractive. Investors are rushing for returns."

Eyeing MHCV revival in Q4: Sundaram FinanceIn an interview to CNBC-TV18, TT Srinivasaraghavan, managing director,  Sundaram Finance says the company’s disbursements are pretty flat due to low commercial vehicle sales. However, he expects a revival in the medium and heavy commercial vehicles (MHCV) in Q4.
Below is the edited transcript of the interview.
Reema: Most of the people we spoke to are not expecting a rate cut at least for the next few months. So, will that slowdown the recovery process?
A: My view is slightly contrarian on this. I think we are putting too much in store by rate cut. I don’t think rate cut might spur sentiment; I don’t think that is going to do magic. There are lots of other things that need to happen for growth to take off. An interest rate cut will help but if it doesn’t happen in the next three or four months I don’t think it is going to dramatically affect anything.
Ekta: Since you are in complete vehicle financing I am going to ask you about how your disbursements are doing as compared to maybe what you did in the previous quarter as well as what you did on a year-on-year (YoY) basis. Can you give us some percentage figures?
A: I think percentage is easy. On both these basis they are pretty much flat. There has been very little growth because commercial vehicle sales as you know haven’t gone anywhere. We had sort of planned on this scenario playing out. So, there has really not been any disbursement growth to speak about.
Ekta: What about medium and heavy commercial vehicles (MHCV) in particular? Are you seeing more replacement demand as oppose to fresh buying there, can you give us any sort of volume trajectory you can speak about there?
A: What I said just now was actually specifically in MHCV. MHCV is really the area where everyone is waiting for the turnaround to happen but it hasn’t happened yet. The outlook, the hope is that in Q4 we could see the beginnings of a turnaround. As we speak that is sort of the expectation.
Reema: Rate hike or no rate hike the RBI Governor has predicted a growth of 6.3 percent in FY16 much better than the 5.5 percent that it is expected in FY15. Can you walk us through what your growth expectations will be in FY16 and the kind of improvement that you are expecting for your company?
A: I think a lot of our projections are based on what happens to growth in the automotive industry which in turn is predicated on what happens to the overall economy. So, the expectation is that if the infrastructure story starts to play out and the first stage is the de-bottlenecking of the projects which are already on the ground. So, if that happens and if some of the newer initiatives which the government is talking about, if those kick in then we could be looking at say an 8-10 percent growth next year. We are talking about FY16 but as I say a lot of this is predicated on certain basic stuff starting to move.
Reema: This 8-10 percent growth in FY16, are you referring to disbursements?
A: Yes.
Ekta: For asset quality your gross NPAs were managed at 1.23 percent, your net NPAs were managed at 0.45 percent are you seeing any sort of worsening in the parameters based on the fact that maybe growth could be flattish or sluggish?
A: There won’t be worsening dramatically, there will be some slight slippages but hopefully if this Q4 turnaround happens then by the end of the year we should be more or less where we were at the end of last year. There hasn’t been any dramatic slippage. However, the cash flow strains for the road transport operators definitely continue and as I said nothing dramatic has changed from their perspective.
Sundaram Fin stock price
On November 21, 2014, Sundaram Finance closed at Rs 1239.35, up Rs 0.00, or 0.00 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 1594.05 and the 52-week low was Rs 550.05.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 41.06 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 30.18. The latest book value of the company is Rs 216.42 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 5.73.
RELATED NEWS

Diesel rate may be cut by Re 1/litre  petrol by Rs 1.75Sep 30, 2014, 01.54 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Diesel rate may be cut by Re 1/litre, petrol by Rs 1.75
Under-recovery or the difference between retail price and its imported cost was wiped out and there was an over-recovery of 35 paise a litre from September 16. This over-recovery is now about Re 1 a litre.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Diesel rate may be cut by Re 1/litre, petrol by Rs 1.75
Under-recovery or the difference between retail price and its imported cost was wiped out and there was an over-recovery of 35 paise a litre from September 16. This over-recovery is now about Re 1 a litre.
Post your opinion here
 
Diesel price is likely to be cut by about Re 1 per litre, the first reduction in rates in over five years, while petrol price may be slashed by Rs 1.75.
State-owned oil firms are likely to announce reduction in rates, made possible because of softening in international oil rates, this evening, government and industry sources said.
Under-recovery or the difference between retail price and its imported cost was wiped out and there was an over-recovery of 35 paise a litre from September 16. This over-recovery is now about Re 1 a litre.
While the government had resisted the temptation to cut rates then, prices are likely to be reduced at the fortnightly review due today.
Sources said oil ministry is of the view that while the Cabinet Committee on Political Affairs (CCPA) had on January 17, 2013 allowed a monthly increase in diesel price of 40-50 paise per month to wipe out the under-recovery, it wasn't envisaged that there would be over-recovery.
It wants to reduce diesel price to protect state-owned oil companies' market share, which may be lost to private retailers who would be selling diesel in tandem with international prices.
Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan is believed to have already written to Prime Minister Narendra Modi on the emerging scenario. Also, it has written to the Election Commission seeking their concurrence for the price decrease in view of state assembly elections in Maharashtra and Haryana.
This would be the first reduction in diesel rates in over five years. Diesel rates were last cut on January 29, 2009 when they were reduced by Rs 2 a litre to Rs 30.86. Since then rates have only increased as international oil prices climbed. Since January 2013, diesel prices have been raised by up to 50 paise a litre every month to eliminate under-recoveries.
Like diesel, state-owned oil companies had also not changed petrol rates on September 16 though it warranted a 54 paise increase as its benchmark gasoline rates had firmed up in international market.
This is perhaps the first time that retail prices in India are higher than global rates.
Oil companies calculate the desired retail selling price of petrol and diesel on 1st and 16th of every month based on average international benchmark price and rupee-dollar exchange rate.
The next revision in diesel and petrol prices is due today. Originally, petrol and diesel prices were deregulated in April 2002 when NDA government was in power. Administered pricing regime, however, made a back-door entry towards the end of NDA regime in the first quarter of 2004 when crude prices started inching up.
Congress-led UPA controlled rates as international oil prices went through the roof. In June 2010, however, it freed petrol price from its control and rates have since them moved more or less in tandem with cost.
In January 2013, the UPA decided to deregulate diesel prices in stages through monthly 50 paise a litre increases. Rates were last raised on August 31 after which losses have been wiped out.
Rates have cumulatively risen by Rs 11.81 per litre in 19 instalments since January 2013.
RELATED NEWS

Rajan won t budge on rate soon  get use to it: EconomistsLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Rajan won't budge on rates soon, get used to it: Economists
Taimur Baig, Chief Economist, Asia, Global Markets Research, Deutsche Bank expects Governor Raghuram Rajan to keep key interest rates unchanged as long as possible.
Post your opinion here
Halftime Report
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) for the fourth consecutive time kept key policy rates unchanged citing risks to its 6 percent inflation target by January 2016 . Going ahead, any decision on rates will be purely dependent on the inflation data. This, despite the consumer price index (CPI) inflation, a benchmark for setting lending rates, cooled off marginally to 7.8 percent in August from 7.96 percent a month earlier.
It also kept both the statutory liquidity ratio (SLR) and the cash reserve ratio (CRR) unchanged.
Brace for a prolonged pause
While there was a unanimous consensus that the central bank will hold fire today, economists now are of the view that it is unlikely for RBI to move on rates until the next one year at least. In fact Taimur Baig, Chief Economist, Asia, Global Markets Research, Deutsche Bank expects Governor Raghuram Rajan to keep key interest rates unchanged as long as possible. "The question now becomes one of political economy because as far as central bank’s aspirations are concerned it sees considerable uncertainty to get to 6 percent inflation by January 2016 and hence I am sure it would given its body language like to maintain policy unchanged for a very long time," he tells CNBC-TV18 in an interview.
RBI’s emphasis on data is a positive, believes Dr Samiran Chakraborty, Head Of Research, Standard Chartered Bank. In a span of 14 months, from now till January 2016, many factors on the local and global front can change and RBI will have to adopt itself towards that. One shouldn’t expect any rate cut until RBI is extremely comfortable that its 6 percent target will be met.
Another positive takeaway from Rajan’s press briefing post policy announcement is that he made a distinction between model-based forecast and a subjective judgment-based forecast. Because for countries like our, model-based forecasts typically don't work that well. “I am happy that RBI is keeping that in mind and not going by any rule-based monetary policy,” he adds.
Reacting to RBI’s fourth bi-monthly policy, Sonal Varma, India Economist at Nomura Financial Advisory & Securities says RBI’s view seems to be that the 6 percent target will not be breached by January 2016 based on the current policy path – two things that can be understood either between now and then the government takes some actions to ease inflation down or the RBI may take some policy action without stating so in so many words.
“If Rajan sees some upside risk to the inflation target then he needs to take some action or risk hurting his credibility,” she says. However, there is likelihood of inflation cooling off more than RBI’s projections.
A little less hawk
Apart from rate action, the market was keenly watching RBI’s tone with many expecting the governor to continue to remain hawkish. In a CNBC-TV18 poll, seventy percent of the respondents said Rajan's tone will be as hawkish as in August, but only 30 percent said he will tone down his hawkishness.
According to Neeraj Gambhir, Managing Director & Co-Head Of Fixed Income, Nomura India, today RBI’s tone was better than that in the August policy. “While there is an upside risk to the 6 percent objective, they have noted some improvement and may be that risk is a little less than what they thought it is in the month of August. So, there is a very small improvement compared to the previous policy,” he adds.
A non-event policy?  
As far as impact on bond yields is concerned, since a status-quo policy was already anticipated, the bond yields didn’t react to it much, says Gambhir. Going ahead, bond market will focus shift back to the supply-demand equation and the US data which will be announced towards the end of this month, he adds.
Over the span on next three-four months, bond yields are likely to head down by 20-25 bps from hereon and the bond market would be entirely driven by a fairly strong inflow, he says.
“We are getting in a phase where a large part of government borrowing programme will be over by December-January. There will be a substantial improvement in the liquidity in the system and very strong foreign flows could continue. So, all of these factors can put some kind of a downward pressure on the bond yields,” he explains. Gambhir remains constructive on the Indian bond market.
RBI’s next bi-monthly policy statement is on December 2.
RELATED NEWS

Maharashtra elections: Sharad Pawar doesn t rule out post-poll alliance with Congress  says won t go with BJP19
0
Mumbai: Nationalist Congress Party President Sharad Pawar refuted all rumours of forming an alliance with the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) in poll-bound Maharashtra. Speaking exclusively to Network18, Pawar said, "NCP will prefer a secular formation. There is no question of going with the BJP."
The NCP parted ways with Congress in Maharashtra over seat sharing issue after 15 successful years. The NCP wanted 144 seats to contest, 30 more than the seats it contested in the 2009 elections and the talks finally broke down.
Another point of contention was the chief minister's post. The NCP also demanded that the chief minister's post be shared, according to which each party will have chief minister for two-and-half years. Earlier it was the party getting maximum number of seats that got the chief ministership.
The NCP chief said that the party will go alone in the polls and has fielded 286 candidates for the 288-member Assembly.
#maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #maharashtra #ncp #sharad pawar
Even though the alliance is no longer in existence, Pawar said, "The NCP does not rule out post-poll alliance with the Congress." The NCP chief also maintained that his will go alone in the polls.
The NCP has fielded 286 candidates for the 288-member Assembly. The voting will be held on October 15 and the counting is on October 19.
3

Shiv Sena rules out pulling out of NDA government at CentreSep 30, 2014 at 01:42pm IST
Shiv Sena rules out pulling out of NDA government at Centre
12
0
Mumbai: Even as the Shiv Sena-Bharatiya Janata Party alliance has called it quits in Maharashtra, the former does not plan to pull out of the BJP-led NDA government at the Centre.
Shiv Sena has 18 MPs in the Lok Sabha. Anant Geete, the sole MP from Shiv Sena in the Modi Cabinet has been asked by party chief Uddhav Thackeray to tender resignation. The Heavy Industries Minister will apparently submit his resignation when Prime Minister Narendra Modi returns from his five-day US visit.
Even as the BJP enjoys a very comfortable majority in the Lok Sabha with its 272 MPs, Shiv Sena is the party with the highest number of parliamentarians in the NDA camp.
Shiv Sena has 18 MPs in the Lok Sabha.
BJP broke its 25-year-old alliance with the Shiv Sena last week after talks between the two parties over seat sharing for Maharashtra Assembly elections remained inconclusive.
3

RBI will cut interest rate at the right time: SandhuRBI will cut interest rate at the right time: Sandhu
ONGC to contribute Rs 20.75 cr for upkeep of Taj MahalHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
ONGC to contribute Rs 20.75 cr for upkeep of Taj Mahal
Our Bureau
Tweet
Ahmedabad, Sept 30:  
Hydrocarbon behemoth Oil and Natural Gas Corporation Ltd (ONGC) will contribute Rs 20.75 crore for the beautification and cleanliness of the Taj Mahal.
A tripartite memorandum of understanding (MoU) for this was signed at the Red Fort in New Delhi on Monday between ONGC, the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) and the Union Ministry of Tourism.
ONGC has launched a ‘Swachchha Smarak, Swachchha Bharat’ campaign to clean up memorials and heritage places. It also participated in a cleanliness drive at the Red Fort, an official said here on Tuesday.
(This article was published on September 30, 2014)
Related

BSE to auction Govt bonds worth Rs4 176 cr on WednesdayBSE to auction Govt bonds worth Rs4,176 cr on Wednesday
PTI
New Delhi, Sept 30:  
Leading stock exchange BSE will auction tomorrow Government debt securities worth Rs 4,176 crore for overseas investors.
The auction would be conducted for overseas investors at BSE’s ebidxchange platform for Government debt securities, according to information provided by the bourse.
“...Live bidding session for allocation of debt investment limits for FII (foreign institutional investors) and sub-accounts shall be conducted on Wednesday, October 1, 2014 on the exchange’s ‘ebidxchange’,” BSE said in a circular issued today.
The debt auction quotas give overseas investors the right to invest in debt up to the limit purchased.
The auction will begin at 1530 hours and close at 1730 hours. A mock bidding session would be conducted today to check the system performance.
In the auction conducted by National Stock Exchange earlier this month, Government bonds had attracted bids worth Rs 4,963 crore, against such securities valued Rs 3,117 crore on offer.
Foreign investors have invested a net amount of over Rs 1.2 lakh crore in the debt market so far in 2014. The equity market has also seen similar trends with overseas fund inflow of over Rs 83,000 crore since the beginning of the year.
(This article was published on September 30, 2014)
Related

Microsoft to set up data centre in India  eyes $2-trillion cloud marketMicrosoft to set up data centre in India, eyes $2-trillion cloud market
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 30:  
Microsoft today said it will offer commercial cloud services from local data centres in India by 2015 as the tech giant gears for competition for the estimated $2-trillion domestic market opportunity from rival firms such as Google and IBM.
The US-headquartered firm said it will set up three data centres in three cities in India by the end of 2015.
“Last year, our cloud business in India grew over 100 per cent. Buoyed by that success we have now decided to offer cloud services from local data centres. This will help us make global infrastructure and make that available to local data centres,” Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella said here.
It is Nadella’s first India visit after assuming the top job at Microsoft.
The company’s third CEO, after Bill Gates and Steve Ballmer, added that cloud computing services in India is a $2-trillion market opportunity.
When asked about the investment, Nadella said: “I can’t give you a specific amount but as we get started you will see the scale. The initial footprint itself will be quite high.”
He said world-class (cloud) infrastructure will help revitalise productivity.
Microsoft said it will establish three data centres in three cities in India to be established by the end of 2015.
Microsoft India Chairman Bhaskar Pramanik said: “By offering cloud services through local data centres, we can help make Digital India a reality. This opens new possibilities in e-governance, financial inclusion, healthcare and education.”
Greyhound Research CEO Sanchit Vir Gogia said Microsoft’s business is an interesting mix between reach and depth — reach via WindowsOS and depth via Enterprise relationships.
While Microsoft has surely missed the mobility curve, it still remains to be a formidable player in Cloud and Platform arena, he added.
(This article was published on September 30, 2014)
Related

Sensex  Nifty trading flatSensex ends flat after a wild swing
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 30:  
Sensex closed flat with a gain of 33 points after roller-coaster rider influenced by the RBI credit policy.
The benchmark Sensex opened on the higher side at 26,611 against the previous close 26,597. It made a high of 26,851 and low of 26,481 before closing at 26,631. The turnover on BSE was up at Rs 3,821 crore against Rs 2,742 crore registered on Monday.
In NSE, the Nifty was up six points at 7,965.
The Reserve Bank of India kept the key bank rates unchanged after a monetary policy review on Tuesday as it waited for more signs of inflation retreating. Interest rate sensitive banking and realty stocks declined after the RBI policy review. PSU oil market companies gained ahead their fortnightly fuel price revision on Wednesday. Tyre stocks rose across the board on persistent fall in rubber prices.
Maruti Suzuki rose two per cent to Rs 3,064. The company announced after market hours on Tuesday that it will proactively inspect and repair the wiring harness fitment of 69,555 diesel vehicles manufactured between March, 2010 and August, 2013. This exercise is limited to vehicles within the above specified range and does not pertain to any other vehicle of the company or its exports. The problem was noticed based on feedback monitoring and internal checks by the company. Accordingly proactive action has been initiated in the interest of customers, said the company.
PSU bank stocks declined after Financial Services Secretary GS Sandhu was quoted on Tuesday saying that state-run banks will soon start raising funds from markets, as part of government's efforts to infuse capital into banks to meet the Basel III norms.
Among public sector banks that declined include Bank of India (-4%), Union Bank of India (-3%), IDBI Bank (-2%), Canara Bank (-2%) and State Bank of India (-0.21%), edged lower.
The major gainers include Eicher Motors (6%), JP Infratech (6%), Apollo Tyres (6%), MRF (5%), Bhushan Steel (5%), Marico (5%) and GSK Consumer Healthcare (5%).
Prominent losers include IndiaBulls Real Estate (-5%), GMR Infra (-5%), Suzlon (-5%), Unitech (-5%), DLF (-5%), JSW Steel (-4%), Shriram Transport Finance (-4%).
(This article was published on September 30, 2014)
Related

Suspended IAS officer Pradeep Sharma arrested by ACB in Welspun graft caseE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Mercedes-Benz eyes SUV segment; launches GLA Class in IndiaE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

RBI will cut interest rate at the right time: G S SandhuE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Reliance Comm aims to bring debt under Rs 20 000 crore in two yearsReliance Comm aims to bring debt under Rs 20,000 crore in two years
Reuters | Mumbai Sep 30, 2014 02:10 PM IST
Reliance Communications Ltd
aims to bring its debt to under Rs 20,000 crore in the next 24 months, Chairman Anil Ambani told shareholders on Tuesday.
Reliance Communications, India's fourth-biggest mobile phone operator, is the most leveraged among publicly traded telecom carriers. The company had a debt of Rs 35,500 crore as of Aug. 14.
Ambani also said Reliance Communications, which has a market value of roughly $5 billion, would participate in spectrum auctions when they come up next year, to be able to launch fourth-generation (4G) telecommunications services in the country.

Indian-origin politician in race to become P...Antonio Costa
(Antonio Costa, known as…)
LONDON: A Goan-origin politician has emerged as a frontrunner to become Portugal's next prime minister after the country's main opposition Socialist Party chose him as its candidate for the 2015 elections.
Antonio Costa , known as the 'Gandhi of Lisbon' for his frugal lifestyle, has his roots in the former Portuguese colony in India where his grandfather was born and his father spent most of his life.
A popular mayor of Lisbon, the 52-year-old socialist was chosen as Portugal's prime ministerial candidate by the main Opposition Socialist Party for next year's polls.
"The only victor today is the Socialist Party...This is the first day of our future (parliament) majority," he said after defeating party leader Antonio Jose Seguro on Sunday.
He is also set to take over as party leader following Seguro's resignation.
Costa, who served as justice and interior minister in previous socialist governments and as a European Parliament deputy before being elected mayor in 2007, won nearly 70 per cent of the vote.
Costa is the son of Orlando da Costa, who wrote essays on Nobel laureate Rabindranath Tagore.
The Mozambique-born writer spent most of his youth in Portuguese-ruled Goa where his father, Luis Afonso Maria da Costa, was born.
He was a descendant of Hindu families from the Gaud Saraswat Brahmin community which converted to Catholicism during the Portuguese colonial era.
Born Antonio Luis Santos da Costa, the Lisbon-based politician has spoken of strengthening ties with India in the past with Portugal as an "Atlantic hub for business".
Costa is known to many as Babush -- the Konkani word for boy -- and is admired for his lifestyle reflective of the Portuguese-Goan concept of "susegad" or chilled out and tolerant.
As Lisbon mayor, he moved his office to the Mouraria neighbourhood, which was earlier notorious for drug trafficking and prostitution and is now transformed as an upcoming construction hub.
Opinion polls put the socialists ahead of the Social Democratic party of Prime Minister Pedro Passos Coelho in next year's polls.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Final norms on small  payments banks by Nov:...finance
("Based on the feedback received,…)
NEW DELHI: The Reserve Bank will issue final guidelines on small and payments banks by end November, aimed at expanding the banking space and paving way for corporates to enter these two segments.
"Based on the feedback received, final guidelines on licensing of these banks will be issued by end-November 2014," RBI said in its bi-monthly policy today.
Draft guidelines for Small Banks and Payments Banks were issued by the RBI in July and comments were invited till August 28.
The final norms will allow micro finance institutions , telecom players, non-banking finance companies (NBFCs) and public sector companies eligible to apply for bank licences once RBI invites applications for the same.
The proposed small banks will provide a whole suite of basic banking products such as deposits and supply of credit, but in a limited area of operation.
On the other hand, payments banks will offer a limited range of products such as acceptance of demand deposits and remittances of funds. They will have a widespread network of access points particularly in remote areas, either through their own branch network or through Business Correspondents (BCs) or through networks provided by others.
"Both payments banks and small banks are 'niche' or 'differentiated' banks, with the common objective of furthering financial inclusion," the RBI had said while issuing the draft guidelines for licensing these banks.
Small banks can collect deposits and disburse small-ticket loans to farmers and small and medium businesses, unorganised sector through high technology-low cost operations, as per draft norms.
Payment banks will cater to marginalised sections of society, including migrant labourers, for collecting deposits and remitting funds. They would, however, not be allowed to indulge in lending operation.
Such banks can be set up with a minimum capital of Rs 100 crore as against Rs 500 crore required for normal commercial banks, as per the draft norms.
With regard to Non-Banking Financial Companies (NBFCs), RBI said changes in the regulatory framework will be introduced by end-October 2014.
The new framework would cover prudential regulations on core capital, asset classification and provisioning norms, regulation on deposit acceptance, corporate governance and consumer protection measures.
With these changes coming into force, the RBI will recommence registering new NBFCs, it said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Why did the Lehman Bros bailout never happenYou are here: Home > Collections
Why did the Lehman Bros bailout never happen?
New York Times Sep 30, 2014, 03.05PM IST
Tags:
(For the first time, Fed officials…)
By James B. Stewart and Peter Eavis
Inside the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, time was running out to answer a question that would change Wall Street forever.
At issue that September, six years ago, was whether the Fed could save a major investment bank whose failure might threaten the entire economy.
The firm was Lehman Bros. And the answer for some inside the Fed was yes, the government could bail out Lehman, according to new accounts by Fed officials who were there at the time.
But as the world now knows, no one rescued Lehman. Instead, the firm was allowed to collapse overnight, a decision that, in cool hindsight, let problems at one bank snowball into a full-blown panic. By the time it was over, nearly every other major bank had to be saved.
Why, given all that happened, was Lehman the only bank that was not too big to fail?
For the first time, Fed officials have offered an account that differs significantly from the versions that, for many, have hardened into history.
Ben S. Bernanke, the Fed chairman at the time; Henry M. Paulson Jr., the former Treasury Secretary; and Timothy F. Geithner, who was then president of the New York Fed, have all argued that Lehman was in such a deep hole from its risky real estate investments that Fed did not have the legal authority to rescue it.
But now, interviews with current and former Fed officials show that a group inside New York Fed was leaning toward the opposite conclusion - that Lehman was narrowly solvent and therefore might qualify for a bailout. In the frenetic events of what has become known as the Lehman weekend, that preliminary analysis never reached senior officials before they decided to let Lehman fail.
Understanding why Lehman was allowed to die goes beyond apportioning responsibility for the financial crisis and the recession that cost millions of ordinary Americans jobs and savings. Today, long after the bailouts, the debate rages over the Fed's authority to bail out failing firms. Some Fed officials worry that when the next financial crisis comes, the Fed will have less power to shield the financial system from the failure of a single large bank. After the Lehman debacle, Congress curbed the Fed's ability to rescue a bank in trouble.
Whether to save Lehman came down to a crucial question: Did Lehman have enough solid assets to back a loan from the Fed? Finding the answer fell to two teams of financial experts at the New York Fed. Those teams had provisionally concluded that Lehman might, in fact, be a candidate for rescue, but members of those teams said they never briefed Geithner, who said he did not know of the results.
"My colleagues at the New York Fed were careful and creative, and as demonstrated through the crisis that fall, we were willing to go to extraordinary lengths to try to protect the economy from the unfolding financial disaster," Geithner said Monday in a statement to The New York Times. "We explored all available alternatives to avoid a collapse of Lehman, but the size of its losses were so great that they were unable to attract a buyer, and we were unable to lend on a scale that would save them."
Bernanke and Paulson said in recent interviews with The Times that they did not know about the Fed analysis or its conclusions.
Interviews with half a dozen Fed officials, who spoke on the condition they not be named, so as not to breach the Fed's unofficial vow of silence, suggest some Fed insiders believed that the government had the authority to throw Lehman a lifeline, even if the bank was nearly broke. The Fed earlier came to the rescue of Bear Stearns, after doing little analysis, and only days later saved American International Group. The government subsequently saved the likes of Bank of America, Citigroup, Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley.
Ultimately, whether Lehman should have gotten Fed support was a judgment call, not a matter of strict statute, these people said.
"We had lawyers joined at our hips," one participant said. "And they were very helpful at framing the issues. But they never said we couldn't do it."
As another participant put it, "It was a policy and political decision, not a legal decision."
  A Wall Street Watershed
The account from the New York Fed officials provides new insight into a dangerous moment in Wall Street history. Countless financial figures - from Wall Street chiefs to government policymakers - have said that allowing Lehman to die the way it did was a misjudgment that inflicted unnecessary pain.
"There is close to universal agreement that the demise of Lehman Bros. was the watershed event of the entire financial crisis and that the decision to allow it to fail was the watershed decision," Alan S. Blinder, an economics professor at Princeton and former vice chairman of the Fed, wrote in his history of the financial crisis, "After the Music Stopped."

Convicted AIADMK chief Jayalalithaa not unwell  says Bangalore Police CommissionerSep 30, 2014 at  02:47pm IST
Convicted AIADMK chief Jayalalithaa not unwell, says Bangalore Police Commissioner
6
0
Bangalore: Bangalore Police Commissioner MN Reddi has denied reports of former Tamil Nadu chief minister and AIADMK chief J Jayalalithaa's ill health. Speaking to reporters, Reddi said, "We usually write to a couple of government hospitals routinely when there is a Z+ security person in city, to keep ward ready as a precaution. We have written in the same way to two hospitals. Public is requested not to pay heed to any such rumours of her ill health."
The Police Commissioner also said that the medical arrangements for Jayalalithaa had been made. He said, "Practice to write to the government hospitals to keep the ward ready with all equipment is a part of the security protocol. It does not mean that Jayalalithaa is unwell."
There was a rumour that Jayalalithaa is unwell and has to be shifted to a hospital soon.
There was a rumour that Jayalalithaa is unwell and has to be shifted to a hospital soon.
#jayalalithaa #bangalore #bangalore central prison #bangalore police
Jayalalithaa has been lodged at the Bangalore Central Prison after being convicted and sentenced to four years' simple imprisonment in an 18-year-old disproportionate assets case on September 26.
The Karnataka High Court on Monday adjourned her bail plea and she has to stay n jail till October 6.
6

Indian heros of WW1  lays out contribution of Indian soldiers in the war: Author11
0
The year 2014 marks century to the beginning of four year long World War 1 that triggered with the killing of Archduke Franz Ferdinand and left 1.2 million Indians dead fighting on behalf of the Britishers who then ruled India. The book called 'The Indian Heroes of WW1' by author Vedika Kant is an unique example of document that lays out details of the different roles Indian soldiers played in the war.
Using first hand accounts such as letters written by those soldiers to families back home, documents from various army archives and the photographs, the author examines the unsettling encounters that the Indian soldiers had with Europe and European culture during the war.
The author says, though India contributed immensely in the war, it hasn't been documented very widely. The book is also noteworthy because the research for the book was a challenging task for the author as the subject to book was very less worked on in past.
There have been numerous books on world war in western world but in Indian context very few reached printing press hence this book is a step forward to discover Indian contribution to the war.
70

Began my career in an export house in Delhi  says Tommy HilfigerIdol Chat: In conversation with Emraan Hashmi
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Seven Years of GIFT   now in form of a bookE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Decision on withdrawing from Centre after talking to PM: UddhavThackerayUddhav's announcement came after estranged cousin Raj Thackeray criticised Sen for 'sticking to' the Union ministerial berth despite end of alliance.
Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: September 30, 2014 3:41 pm | Updated: September 30, 2014 3:44 pm
Shiv Sena president Uddhav Thackeray on Tuesday said the decision to withdraw from the BJP-led National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government will be taken after discussion with Prime Minister Narendra Modi when he returns from his US trip.
“Joining NDA and then pulling out is not that easy. All MPs who have been elected and those who could not win have bagged votes of both Shiv Sena and BJP . It is the people’s mandate. A decision will be taken after discussions with Prime Minister Modi and considering what our supporters feel,”
Uddhav told reporters after RPI(A) leader Arjun Dangle visited him to offer support in the next month’s Assembly elections.
On Monday, Uddhav had announced that his party’s minister in the Modi government, Anant Geete, will quit the ministry, four days after the BJP snapped ties with the alliance partner of 25 years.
The Sena will leave NDA and Geete will submit resignation after the Prime Minister returns from the US, he had said.
Uddhav’s announcement came after estranged cousin and MNS chief Raj Thackeray criticised the Sena at a poll rally here Sunday for “sticking to” the Union ministerial berth despite end of the alliance with BJP.

Iran to help Lebanon army fightextremistsLebanese army officers salute during the funeral procession for two soldiers killed Friday by a roadside bomb, during their funeral procession at the Lebanese army hospital, in Beirut, Lebanon, on Saturday, Sept. 20, 2014. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Beirut | Posted: September 30, 2014 3:37 pm
Iran will supply the Lebanese army with military equipment to be used in fighting Muslim extremist groups, a visiting senior Iranian official said on Tuesday.
The announcement marks the first time that Iran has said it would give Lebanon military assistance. Tehran has offered help in the past but such offers did not materialize because of sharp divisions among Lebanese political groups over Iran.
Iran is the main backer of Lebanon’s militant Hezbollah group, which has a force more powerful than the Lebanese national army. The group has thousands of rockets and missiles — many of them from Iran.
Ali Shamkhani, secretary of Iran’s Supreme National Security Council, did not elaborate on the type of military equipment that Iran would provide. He told reporters in Beirut on Tuesday that the details would be announced during an upcoming visit by Lebanon’s defense minister to Tehran.
A Lebanese military official told The Associated Press that any military grant from Iran to Lebanon would still need the approval of the Lebanese government. The official spoke on condition of anonymity in line with regulations.
For the past two months, the Lebanese army has been fighting Muslim militants near the border with Syria. In early August, extremists crossed into Lebanon from Syria, capturing 20 soldiers and policemen. Two of the soldiers have since been beheaded and one has been killed in captivity.
Hezbollah has used the threat posed by the Islamic State group in neighboring Syria to justify sending its militia to fight alongside Syrian President Bashar Assad’s forces.
The U.S. has also recently sent several arms shipments to Lebanese troops to fight extremists.
After Lebanon, Shamkhani is to visit neighboring Syria later Tuesday for talks with Syrian officials

Lufthansa long-haul pilots start 15-hourstrikeLufthansa said it plans to go ahead with 32 of the day's 57 scheduled intercontinental flights from Frankfurt. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Berlin | Posted: September 30, 2014 3:35 pm
Pilots on Lufthansa’s long-haul fleet have started a 15-hour walkout at the airline’s main Frankfurt hub in a festering contract dispute.
The Vereinigung Cockpit union called members out on strike from 8 a.m. (0600 GMT) Tuesday in its fourth limited several-hour walkout over recent weeks and the first since a new round of talks collapsed last week.
Lufthansa said it plans to go ahead with 32 of the day’s 57 scheduled intercontinental flights from Frankfurt — 26 flown by volunteer pilots, the other six pushed forward or back to Wednesday.
The two sides are at odds over the pilots’ demand that Lufthansa keep a transition payment for those wanting early retirement.
The airline, facing competition from European budget airlines and major Gulf carriers, wants to cut those payments.

High volatility marks Street | Why Sensex rose 200 pts post policyTwo reasons markets cheered RBI policy before closing the day on a flat note
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 30, 2014, 03.33PM IST
Tags:
Axis Capital
(The market has surged higher…)
MUMBAI: The Reserve Bank of India's policy fourth bi-monthly monetary policy review meet was a non-event. The central bank has left the key policy rates unchanged, as expected my economists and bankers.
However, the market has surged higher after the policy meeting led by gains in rate sensitive sectors such as capital goods, banks, auto and realty.
The market is taking cues from Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan's comments that CPI target of 6 per cent by January 2016 can be met even though there is significant upside risk to it.
According to the Governor, there are number of disinflationary factors underway such as lower crude prices and relatively stable rates are positive for inflation.
However there are some uncertainties on the evolvement of inflation. He said it needs to be seen how food inflation will evolve over time as headline inflation is buffeted by food inflation.
The RBI may ease interest rates if CPI inflation comes below 6 per cent before January 2016. If inflation moves above 6 per cent in the same period then the central bank may be forced to hike rates as well.
"We expect inflation to continue falling in the coming months due to benign global commodity prices on the one hand as well as the government's focus to bring down food and wage inflation by avoiding inflationary impulses from sharp MSP price hikes, etc," said Dinesh Thakkar, Chairman & Managing Director, Angel Broking.
"Hence, we expect that in the coming 6-12 months, we are headed for lower inflation and therefore interest rates, which should be a key positive catalyst for investments, growth and capital markets ," Thakkar added.
There is another little change that has been made by the Reserve Bank that might enthuse markets. The limit on short sale for liquidity bonds has been increased to 0.75 from 0.50.
According to Nilesh Shah, MD & CEO, Axis Capital , hiking limit on short sale for liquidity bonds will help markets
"In a cycle where people expect interest rates to cut eventually if not immediately, it is unlikely that most people will be happy to build long-term short positions. I doubt people will be willing to use it in the near to medium term but certainly from a market point of view, this is an encouraging enabling provision," he told ET NOW.
The RBI is reducing ceiling on SLR securities under HTM from 24 per cent to 22 per cent in phased manner. This move will have an impact on the banks.
"Partial decrease in HTM limits is also driven by the liquidity coverage ratio. Clearly that will be the driver for the consideration of decreasing the HTM limit so that the excess SLR can be used for improving liquidity coverage ratio," Shah added.
At 01:05 p.m.; the Nifty was at 8,018, up 59.10 points or 0.74 per cent. It touched a high of 8,030.90 and a low of 7,943.75 in trade today.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rupee hits day s low of 61.73 vs $ after RBI policyYou are here: Home > Collections > Rupee
Rupee heads toward 61 against US dollar
PTI Sep 30, 2014, 03.50PM IST
Tags:
(A lower opening at the domestic…)
MUMBAI: The rupee hits day's low of 61.77 against the US currency after opening nine paise down.
A lower opening at the domestic equity market and the dollar's rise against other major currencies overseas put pressure on the rupee, dealers said.
Yesterday, the rupee had tanked 38 paise to log nearly 7-month closing low of 61.53 against the Greenback following dollar demand from importers and some weakness in stocks ahead of the RBI policy review.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex Ends Slightly Higher  Oil & Gas Stocks GainYou are here: Home Market
Sensex, Nifty Turn Flat; Bank, Realty Stocks Weigh
NDTV | Updated On: September 30, 2014 15:48 (IST)
Markets to Track Winter Session Action: Experts
The BSE Sensex fell over 250 points from its intra-day highs led by selling in rate-sensitive banking and real estate stocks.
The Sensex was down 18 points to 26,578, after rising to its 26,851.33 day's high. The Sensex had rallied over 200 points at its day's high as some analysts termed Reserve Bank of India's policy stance as less hawkish as compared to its earlier policy statement in August.
Gaurang Shah, assistant vice president at Geojit BNP Paribas Financial Services, attributed the selling to traders' paring their positions at higher levels due to the extended weekend holidays. Indian markets are closed on Thursday, Friday and Monday.
Mr Shah sees limited downside for the markets. The Nifty is likely to trade in the 7880-8000 levels in the near term, he added.
Earlier in the day, the RBI kept its key policy repo rate unchanged at 8.0 per cent, as widely expected, and also left its main liquidity levers - the statutory liquidity ratio (SLR) and the cash reserve ratio (CRR) - untouched. RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan however sent a strong signal that it will refrain from cutting interest rates until it is confident that consumer inflation can be reduced to a target of 6 per cent by January 2016.
The Bank Nifty fell 0.38 per cent to 15,414. Axis bank, Union Bank of India fell nearly 2 per cent while Bank of India was down over 3 per cent.
The CNX Realty index also lost 1.85 per cent, led by fall in DLF and Indiabulls Real Estate which were down 5.37 per cent and 3.7 per cent respectively. (With Agency Inputs)
Story first published on: September 30, 2014 15:05 (IST)

Buy LIC Housing Finance  Asian Paints: Pritesh Mehta02:30 pm
Pritesh Mehta of IIFL told CNBC-TV18, "We believe that this market is going through a phase of correction rather than a change of trend. So we continue to remain buyers. Our first
recommendation is a buy on LIC Housing Finance . The stock is on the verge of breaking of from inverted head and shoulder pattern. Also on the short term chart, the stock has attempted to break of flag pattern which is a continuation pattern in nature. So it is possible breakout taking place both on long term as well as short term charts. So buy LIC Housing Finance for a target of Rs 340."
" Asian Paints has gone through a lot in last couple of weeks. However, it has found support at the rising trend line. Also the same coincides with the support of 52 days moving average. So we believe after decent consolidation this stock is likely to attempt its previous uptrend. So the broader term bull market in Asian paints continues to remain intact. So buy the stock for the target of Rs 650," he said.
 

Quartz Daily BriefAmericas editionHong Kongs eerie quiet  Euro zone inflation  China clears iPhone  curry brain fSeptember 30, 2014
What to watch for today
Greece remains on the hook. The country will meet with international creditors to discuss the terms of its public debt. Greek bond yields are on the rise after the government suggested that it may stop taking aid from the International Monetary Fund and avoid painful financial reforms.
Afghanistan lets the Americans stay just a little bit longer. Newly sworn president Ashraf Ghani will sign a deal allowing about 10,000 US troops to remain into 2015 . On this, at least, Ghani and his bitter rival Abdullah Abdullah  agree.
Out with the new Windows, in with the old. Microsoft unveils a new version of its operating system , codenamed Threshold. It rolls back many of the disliked changes of the previous version, which  the world largely rejected , and aims to be  more enterprise-friendly .
Will Walgreens bounce back in the fourth quarter? The US pharmacy giant missed earnings expectations in the third quarter after Obamacare and other external factors weighed on its profit margins. Investors will be looking to see  if those problems have been solved .
US home values keep steady. The Standard & Poor’s Case-Shiller Home Price Index isn’t expected to show massive gains in property values, so analysts believe that  no news is good news .
While you were sleeping
Euro zone inflation hit a five-year low. Consumer prices rose by only 0.3% in September , as expected, a fraction of the ECB’s target of about 2%. Separately, German unemployment  unexpectedly ticked higher in September , and the UK’s second quarter GDP growth was revised upward to 0.9% .
Apple finally got the nod to sell the iPhone 6 in China. Regulators  approved the new smartphones for sale  after mysteriously withholding a crucial license for several weeks. But if  the price of gray-market iPhones is anything to go by , demand from the mainland is relatively muted.
Hong Kong’s streets are eerily quiet—for now. Pro-democracy protests—surely some of the politest ever —have turned the center of the city into a pollution- and car-free zone . The crowds are expected to swell this evening ahead of tomorrow’s National Day holiday, despite demands from Hong Kong’s Beijing-appointed leader that they return home “immediately.”  Follow the action here .
The EU detailed its tax case against Apple in Ireland. A  letter to Irish officials (pdf) about the country’s allegedly illegal aid to the electronics giant reveals the minutes of meetings between Apple and Irish tax officials, which the commission cites as proof that Apple and Ireland worked to “reverse engineer” financial results in order to lower the firm’s tax bill. The probe could saddle Apple with a multi-billion-euro fine .
Netflix is making an original movie, but it won’t come cheap. The video-streaming company will work with the Weinstein Company to produce a sequel to “Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon,” the first of several films that will premiere simultaneously on Netflix and in Imax theaters. But shelling out for a Hollywood-scale production will be a heavy lift financially, since it will only provide a few hours of entertainment compared to an episodic series like “House of Cards.”
Manufacturing in China stagnated. The HSBC/Markit purchasing managers’ index, which measures activity at small- and medium-size businesses, was flat at  50.2 in September , just barely above the level that divides expansion from contraction. The government has made various attempts, largely unsuccessfully, to jump-start the economy.
Quartz obsession interlude
Gwynn Guilford on why China should leave Hong Kong alone. “Since Hong Kong is the global center for yuan trading, it is also a portal through which huge sums of liquidity flow, through both real and fake trade financing. China’s leaders don’t seem to actually understand how dependent their country’s financial system is on these ever-rising tides of liquidity coming in via Hong Kong. And they may not realize how easily a liquidity crisis could occur if, God forbid, they do decide to call in the tanks.” Read more here .
Matters of debate
Farm-to-table dining is broken. Consumers aren’t asking enough of small growers, says one of the movement’s most respected leaders .
Chinese tourists are the best. They love to buy expensive gifts, and it’s expected that 166 million travelers will spend $155 billion  abroad this year.
Europe is a “slacker with low expectations.” Peter Thiel says the continent’s politicians kill technological progress with too much regulation.
Hamas = Islamic State = Iran = the Nazis. The world according to Israeli prime minister Binyamin Netanyahu .
Surprising discoveries
North Korea has a mobile phone etiquette guide. A surge in new users is resulting in more social gaffes .
The White House has had some shocking security breaches. Like the time a soldier landed a stolen helicopter on the lawn .
Kurdish troops are building tanks out of spare parts. They look like something straight out of Mad Max .
Curry might be good for your brain. A chemical in turmeric helped rats  produce restorative neural stem cells .
It costs $2 billion a year to send drinking water to the International Space Station. And you thought Evian was expensive .
Click here for  more surprising discoveries  on Quartz.
Our best wishes for a productive day. Please send any news, comments, artisanal armored vehicles, and smart curry recipes to hi@qz.com . You can follow us on Twitter here for updates throughout the day.
Sign up for the Quartz Daily Brief  here , tailored for morning delivery in Asia, Europe & Africa, and the Americas.
Share this:

Nectar Lifesciences: Outcome of AGMSep 30, 2014, 03.55 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Nectar Lifesciences: Outcome of AGM
Nectar Lifesciences Ltd has informed BSE that the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nectar Lifesciences: Outcome of AGM
Nectar Lifesciences Ltd has informed BSE that the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Nectar Lifesciences Ltd has informed BSE that the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Chicago executives taking the ice bucket challengeChicago executives taking the ice bucket challenge
Caption Terry Duffy, president, CME Group
CME Group's Terry Duffy couldn't lift the ice bucket because of a recent shoulder surgery, so he used his trusty assistants, his twin sons, to do the honors.
CME Group's Terry Duffy couldn't lift the ice bucket because of a recent shoulder surgery, so he used his trusty assistants, his twin sons, to do the honors.
Caption Michael Reinsdorf, president and COO, Chicago Bulls
Bulls president and COO Michael Reinsdorf and Benny the Bull completed the ice bucket challenge and made a donation to support the ALS Association.
Bulls president and COO Michael Reinsdorf and Benny the Bull completed the ice bucket challenge and made a donation to support the ALS Association.
Caption J.B. Pritzker does it as Dr. Evil
J.B. Pritzker, co-founder and managing partner of the Pritzker Group, bring high production value to the ice bucket challenge.
J.B. Pritzker, co-founder and managing partner of the Pritzker Group, bring high production value to the ice bucket challenge.
Caption Morningstar CEO Joe Mansueto's ice bucket challenge
Morningstar CEO Joe Mansueto accepted 1871 CEO Howard Tullman's ALS Ice Bucket Challenge.
Morningstar CEO Joe Mansueto accepted 1871 CEO Howard Tullman's ALS Ice Bucket Challenge.
Caption Howard Tullman, CEO, 1871
Howard Tullman, CEO of Chicago start-up backer 1871, does his ice bucket challenge.
Howard Tullman, CEO of Chicago start-up backer 1871, does his ice bucket challenge.
This premiumvideoplaylist is featured in these articles:

Coaching for the corner officeCoaching for the corner office
VINAY KAMATH
Tweet
Many top managers are seeking out coaches to enhance their skill-sets and self-awareness as they grapple with tumultuous changes
A few years ago, Venkat was all set to be anointed CEO of a large global recruiting company headquartered in the UK. He had served the company well for many years in different capacities and now he was set for the corner office. Though young for the new role, Venkat, with his confidence and sunny disposition, was not one to be assailed by self-doubt. “But I felt I needed more skills as the demands of a CEO’s job were going to be different,” he recalls. 
 So, Venkat’s coaching journey of eight to nine months started by way of intense two-hour sessions with a senior coach every month. The agenda was set after a three-way meeting between Venkat’s boss, the coach and himself. “A coach doesn’t give you readymade answers, but prods and nudges you, making you reflect with constant questioning. Many times, you may feel inadequate but, like a batsman who has to finally face the bowling despite all the coaching, you need to find the answers yourself,” elaborates Venkat on his learning experience.
Scale, complexity
There are many like Venkat in top management who seek out coaches as they find their way through today’s tumultuous world of business. Ganesh Chella, veteran coach and co-founder of the Coaching Foundation of India (CFI), says there are a few drivers for the sudden spurt in coaching needs. For one, the last decade has seen the emergence of many multi-billion-dollar Indian companies. “We never had so many large global companies with an Indian presence, or Indian companies acquiring global entities. Also, companies now have thousands of employees. This scale and complexity have placed new demands on business heads, with many falling significantly short of the ask. Organisations are asking if the best guys are struggling, what can we do to help?”
The real challenge, as Chella explains, is how to do leader development on the job. There isn’t enough time to send top managers back to B-school, and schools can, at best, give them a conceptual framework. These managers need to come up to speed even as they slug it out in the market. “Coaching, as an intervention, is powerful and helps enhance self-awareness about what they have or don’t have. Second, it can create a safe, private space in a non-threatening, non-judgemental manner, where they can talk about their jobs. An average leader is judged quarter by quarter, day by day. Coaching is a safe space, where the coach challenges the CEO and helps him learn new skills,” elaborates Chella. Coaching needs, points out Pradipta Mohapatra, also a co-founder of CFI, are no longer random but fall into certain patterns: leaders seeking competencies for their present, or future, jobs is a predominant need. Then, leaders are required to do huge functional shifts which may need big transitions — say, from an Indian company to an MNC — and they need help managing such shifts.
The other area where leaders seek out coaches is where style shifts are required: from micro managing to more empowering, from being Indian to more global, “…we are seeing repetitive needs. The final theme we are seeing is that many leaders have to make big decisions — to scale up or not, bring a new partner, or, in a family business, should more professionals be hired? Each of these decisions has huge implications both for the organisation and the individual and they badly need a neutral sounding board; that’s where a coach steps in,” says Mohapatra.
Functional shifts
From the time the CFI was founded in 2006, the foundation has trained and certified over 200 coaches who, in turn, have taken on numerous assignments. These assignments had burgeoned to over 500 cases when Mohapatra and Chella decided to showcase 25 coaching experiences, each of a different nature, from leaders learning to manage transitions to acquiring global competencies to entrepreneurial struggles. All these have put together in a book Are you ready for the corner office? published by Sage. “There are very few books on real-life experiences; most are independent coaches and many of the books are abstract wisdom,” points out Mohapatra, on the genesis of the book.
While for reasons of confidentiality the coach and coachee names are masked, all are real-life coaching experiences, written in an anecdotal and compelling style. Here’s a para on how an organisation brought in a new senior leader from outside to head the organisation, ruffling the feathers of the incumbent: ‘Ramaswamy woke up in a cold sweat, looked at his bedside clock and realised it was just 3 a.m. He had been having a bad dream. Of late, the frequency of these unsettling dreams had begun to increase. As he paced around the kitchen sipping a glass of water, he began to wonder if there was any connection between these dreams and what was happening to him at work. Ever since the arrival of the new CEO, the dynamics at work had changed. Ramaswamy could sense that all was not well, and the situation could spin out of control very quickly if he did not do something about it….’ With all cases written like stories, it’s an easy and quick read with in-between chapters by top HR executives that set the agenda for different narratives.
Coaching itself is becoming specialised, with some coaches good at transition management, some with family businesses and entrepreneurs. While coaching is expensive as it involves top management, some companies, says Chella, are looking to coach managers in the mid-management cadre as well. They could well be the champions of the future and have a multiplier effect within the organisation.
What coaches cannot handle, though, is the increasing phenomenon of executive stress, where they cannot handle the job requirements. “Our coaches do get a good dose of psychological inputs. We can help executives increase their skill-sets to help cope with the job,” says Chella, adding that anger management ultimately is beyond a coach’s ken. As Venkat, quoted above, says: “Finally, it’s all about you, the shift has to happen in you; coaching will not help you reach managerial nirvana!”
(This article was published on September 9, 2014)
Related

Joyous employees  happy companyShades of happiness Organisations have discovered that a happy employee is a productive one.
Firms create new employer-employee dynamics that go beyond work
A pithy message on a poster displayed prominently in the foyer of a mid-sized IT services firm caught my attention. It said ‘You won’t need kidneys in heaven. But someone could use them here, on Earth.’ Intrigued, I continued reading. ‘If organ donation is not your cup of good, we have nine others for you to choose from’ and below, the options listed out were — joy of giving, child rights campaign, clean up the city, monetary contribution, distribution of energy-saving devices, blood donation, tree plantation and old toys/books/clothes drive. This is Mindtree’s distinct style of celebrating its 15th year.
All in a day’s work
Deepa Krishna, who has been working with Mindtree in the Learning and Development space for 10 years, told BusinessLine,“I hardly get time to pursue my passion for teaching life skills, confidence and communication skills to underprivileged children. I not only got to give back to the community by spending time teaching children but I could also spend two-and-a-half hours cleaning a part of the city with The Ugly Indians (a growing group of anonymous volunteers whose mission is to clean up public spaces). I was able to do all this during office hours.”
Mindtree’s 15th anniversary celebrations drew participation from 3,277 Mindtree Minds who registered for one of the 10 activities, while many others turned up at the event venue and participated instantly in blood and organ donation drives. A total of 5,000 employees participated. “The idea is to inculcate the feeling of Individual Social Responsibility among Mindtree Minds… A global survey revealed that people were happiest when they did good to others. We helped Mindtree Minds do good to others and feel good and happy in return,” said Ravi Shankar, Chief People Officer, Mindtree.
Organisations have begun to realise that a happy employee is a productive employee. The shift from looking at one’s staff as just employees to recognising them as individuals in their own right, is gaining popularity for ensuring mutual respect and loyalty and creating new employer-employee dynamics.
The HSW initiative
Vodafone India engages with 12,500 of its employees straight from the heart by making sure that every employee qualifies for a ‘Safety Passport’. A Vodafone Health, Safety & Wellbeing (HSW) initiative, the Safety Passport is an attempt to help employees inculcate safety practices into their daily lives at all times. “It is a license that certifies that the employee has cleared screening processes and adhered to all safety standards and practices set out by the company. We have already issued more than 115,000 Safety Passports which include not just our employees but our partners, contractors, distributors, service providers and other associates, including sub-contractors,” said Ashok Ramachandran, Director HR, Vodafone India.
“The people-centric work culture at Vodafone and their involvement in an employee’s life beyond work is what makes this a great company to work for,” said Dinesh Shenoy, a Vodafone employee for nine years.
Concurs Jyothsna M, who has worked in five different roles during her eight years at Vodafone across its offices. “While it is mandatory for Oil & Gas companies and Refineries to follow strict HSW guidelines, very rarely will you find services companies such as ours, adhering to such strict guidelines. I feel cared for by the company, not just as an employee but as an individual too,” she said.
Organisations are attempting to go beyond engaging employees in their professional capacity, helping them integrate their professional selves with their personal interests, marking an important shift in the factors that contribute to a successful company.
(This article was published on September 9, 2014)
Related

Cardinal Francis George through the yearsCardinal Francis George through the years
Caption Wrapping up final Mass as archbishop
Nancy Stone, Chicago Tribune
Cardinal George processes out of Holy Name Cathedral for the final time as Chicago's archbishop.
Cardinal George processes out of Holy Name Cathedral for the final time as Chicago's archbishop. (Nancy Stone, Chicago Tribune)
Caption Final Mass as archbishop
Nancy Stone, Chicago Tribune
Cardinal George processes out of Holy Name Cathedral for the final time as Chicago's archbishop.
Cardinal George processes out of Holy Name Cathedral for the final time as Chicago's archbishop. (Nancy Stone, Chicago Tribune)
Cardinal George makes his final communion as Chicago archbishop.
Cardinal George makes his final communion as Chicago archbishop. (Nancy Stone, Chicago Tribune)
Caption Saying goodbye
Nancy Stone, Chicago Tribune
Cardinal George shakes hands with parishioners after his final Mass as archbishop at Holy Name Cathedral.
Cardinal George shakes hands with parishioners after his final Mass as archbishop at Holy Name Cathedral. (Nancy Stone, Chicago Tribune)
Caption Health and welfare
Zbigniew Bzdak, Chicago Tribune
Cardinal Francis George holds a news conference April 11 at Archbishop Quigley Center in Chicago, where he addressed his health concerns, including his decision to skip a meeting with the pope. "My health is something I have to pay attention to full time," he said.
Cardinal Francis George holds a news conference April 11 at Archbishop Quigley Center in Chicago, where he addressed his health concerns, including his decision to skip a meeting with the pope. "My health is something I have to pay attention to full time," he said. (Zbigniew Bzdak, Chicago Tribune)
A look back at the tenure of Cardinal Francis George. On April 8, 1997, Pope John Paul II appointed Archbishop Francis George the 8th Archbishop of Chicago, the first Chicago native to lead the diocese.
This photo gallery is featured in these articles:

Here Are The Most Unequal Counties In Americareddit
Welcome to the United States of Inequality.
The map below, based on data from the Census Bureau’s 2013 American Community Survey , shows the most unequal counties in America. In this case, inequality is derived using the Gini coefficient, which is a statistical measure of the gap between the rich and the poor. The index is based on a scale from 0 to 1, where 0 represents total equality and 1 represents total inequality.
Counties with high inequality are shaded in red. Counties with low inequality are shaded in yellow. Areas with no shading represent counties that have fewer than 65,000 people, as the Census does not collect annual inequality data for small counties.
As you can see, inequality tends to cluster around big cities. Metropolitan areas like Manhattan, San Francisco and Washington, D.C., are situated in some of the most unequal counties in the U.S.
Below is a list of 20 counties with the highest inequality, based on their corresponding Gini coefficients, according to the recent Census data. Though they're ranked here, it's important to note that the margins of error differ for these counties. Putnam County, Tennessee, has the highest Gini coefficient but also a very high margin of error. Your mileage may vary.
1. Putnam County, Tennessee 0.6286
2. New York County, New York 0.6012
3. Nacogdoches County, Texas 0.5634
4. Orleans Parish, Louisiana 0.5576
5. Fairfield County, Connecticut 0.5508
6. Fulton County, Georgia 0.5479
7. Monroe County, Florida 0.5477
8. Essex County, New Jersey 0.5409
9. Troup County, Georgia 0.5395
10. Bowie County, Texas 0.5366
11. Richmond city, Virginia 0.5352
12. District of Columbia, District of Columbia 0.532
13. Collier County, Florida 0.531
14. Westchester County, New York 0.5299
15. San Francisco County, California 0.5283
16. Christian County, Kentucky 0.5276
17. Baltimore city, Maryland 0.5269
18. Cabell County, West Virginia 0.5255
19. Potter County, Texas 0.5251
20. Marin County, California 0.5244
Map by Alissa Scheller. Data analysis by Ben Walsh.
More:

The ravenous epidemicSeptember 23, 2014 7:24 pm
A ravenous Ebola epidemic that the world could have stopped
By Anjana Ahuja
Surviving other globe-threatening ailments might be down to luck not competence, writes Anjana Ahuja
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/29cffeaa-4334-11e4-8a43-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Semester  abroad  at 1871 could keep tech talent..."It's going to take a lot of work," Tullman said. "Dealing with faculty and changing the curriculum, it's roughly the same as moving a cemetery."
I called the dean of the engineering school.
"I'm aware that conversations have taken place, but I have not heard directly from 1871 about this idea," Andreas Cangellaris said. "But this is an exciting idea. Many of the students would be intrigued enough to consider it. ... And I think most of our faculty members would want to take advantage of this presence in Chicago to pursue their own interests."
Faculty such as Ranjitha Kumar, who has her Ph.D. from Stanford. She is the chief scientist of Apropose, a startup that recently announced nearly $1.9 million in funding from New Enterprise Associates and Andreessen Horowitz, co-founded by — you guessed it — Marc Andreessen.
They are two of the best venture capital firms in the country.
Kumar, 28, is new to U. of I., having arrived a month ago. She deferred her appointment for a year to launch Apropose with fellow Stanford Ph.D. student Arvind Satyanarayan, Stanford undergraduate Maxine Lim and Stanford Ph.D. Jerry Talton, Apropose's CEO.
Where did Talton get his undergraduate and master's degrees? U. of I.
And where is Apropose based? Mountain View, Calif.
Apropose's product is in development. Kumar says it will help people use data to design more-effective websites.
She had never heard of 1871. She Googled it while we were on the phone.
So what's it going to take to build connections between U. of I. and Chicago?
"What it takes is a commitment from all of the partners to accommodate the added costs," Cangellaris said. "As you know, we are a public institution. Our budget is constrained in ways that a private institution does not need to worry about. ... But I see no reason why we can't come together and figure out how to make this work out."
I noticed that U. of I.'s engineering school does not have a donor's name attached to it.
So for those with the means and will to make this program happen, please insert your name in the blank space:
The _____ College of Engineering. Now how does that sound?

Scott Olson / Getty Imagesscott olson / getty images
What should you do when your 401(k) match is terrible(Image from  www.SeniorLiving.Org )
Typical retirement advice calls for contributing to your 401(k) account at least to max out the company match.
There’s no denying that the match is a huge part of retirement planning. Employer contributions can really add up. For instance, employees in the top income quartile who were automatically enrolled in their 401(k)s in their late 20s would have a median of 6.8 times their last salary by age 65, according to an Employee Benefits Research Institute analysis from 2010. About 40 percent of that would be attributed to the company match.
But what if there is no match? Or if the match is cut to, say, one percent? Is that the time to ditch the 401(k) for a retirement plan like a traditional Individual Retirement Account or a Roth?
Not so fast.
Financial advisers say many workers benefit from sticking with their 401(k) plans. The tax benefits, combined with the ease of use and other advantages may be enough to make the accounts worth using — match or no match. Here are things to consider when deciding how much to contribute to a 401(k) versus another retirement plan:
Factor in all employer contributions. An employee who just saw his matching contribution reduced may have to make up for the cut, at least in part, by increasing his own contribution, says Maria Bruno, a senior investment analyst with Vanguard. Workers who can’t make up for difference entirely now might want to sign up to have their contribution rate increased automatically each year, so the savings rate rises slowly over time, she says. Bruno says she recommends people sock away 12 to 15 percent of their pay into a retirement account — including their employer match.
Workers should contribute enough to their 401(k)s to take advantage of a matching contribution, no matter how small. (The average employer contributes 4.5 percent of pay to a retirement account, according to the Plan Sponsor Council of America, a trade group supporting employer sponsored plan.) Otherwise, they are leaving free money on the table, Bruno says. Though that doesn’t mean contributions should stop there. The tax savings that stem from investing earnings pre-tax and of letting them grow tax-free until retirement may be enough incentive to invest beyond the match.
Contribution limits. People saving for retirement may want to stick with their 401(k) even if there is no company match because of the higher contribution limit associated with them, when compared to other retirement accounts. Workers can put up to $17,500  a year of tax-deferred income into a 401(k). (People age 50 and up can make additional catch-up contributions of $5,500 a year.) That’s more than three times the $5,500 total that can put a year into an Individual Retirement Account  or a Roth IRA, which takes after-tax dollars. Ambitious savers can fill both a 401(k) and an IRA (traditional or Roth).  But contributions to a traditional IRA may not be deductible for a person covered by a retirement plan at work. Contributions to Roth IRAs are also  capped based on income .
Ease of use. Once a 401(k) is set up, the money is withdrawn automatically and regularly from workers’ paychecks. They can’t miss the money because they hardly see it, Bruno says. That’s why some employers automatically enroll workers into the retirement plans and lock in the escalation rate, which increases the contribution each year.
Other retirement accounts, like an IRA, often require more action from savers. Some investment firms also offer automatic contributions for IRAs, but people often make the contributions at tax time after they know what their income will be for the year and if the contribution will help lower their tax bill. When done in that way, some people may decide against contributing if they didn’t earn as much as expected or if they don’t want to go through the hassle.
Investment options. For many workers, the decision between a 401(k) and an IRA will come down to the investment choices offered in either account. Some workers in smaller retirement plans with fewer or more expensive options, may find they can save on fees by investing primarily in an IRA, says Michael Mussio, managing director of FBB Capital Partners in Bethesda. In contrast, those workers with 401(k) plans that offer a variety of low-cost investment options such as exchange-traded funds may be better off sticking with those accounts, he says. “If the all-in costs are less than 1 percent, then you’re probably okay,” he says of the expense ratios charged by mutual funds and ETFs.
This post was updated to clarify that people age 50 and up can make additional catch-up contributions to their 401(k).
Read more:

The Friday Exit: mental breaks  social media and  more engineers1
Speaking of creative ideas: How about some of these cheeky social-media brand plays on the (albeit rarely, according to Apple) bending iPhone 6 Plus, or as Samsung put it: “Bend to those who are worthy.”
Sort of the opposite of a vacation: a weeklong boot camp for new staff at Salesforce.com, a hot product for customer relationship management that integrated with social media and works across devices. Inc. delves into it here .
Social Media Week, the Online News Association and Code for America kept Chicago hopping this week. Melissa Harris interviewed Rahm Emanuel and Howard Tullman onstage for a Blue Sky-hosted event covered here by Amina Elahi. Tullman caught Melissa’s attention with this notion : Might a “semester abroad” at 1871 for University of Illinois students keep more tech talent in Chicago? And we caught up with Suzanne Fanning, who gave a keynote on word of mouth and social marketing.
James Dyson, meanwhile, called for more engineers . A lot more. “You’ve got to have much better technology than anybody else. And in order to do that, and to produce it quickly, you need to have a lot of engineers. I mean like three times the number you’ve got at the moment,” Dyson told James Janega.
Kate MacArthur interviewed Mark Fields about the CME Group venture fund, Liquidity Ventures 1 LLC, and its mission . Financial cybersecurity, anyone?
We hope to see you at our Oct. 9 event with Rick Bayless. For anyone who aspires to turn a creative idea into a business , it should be an inspiring conversation. The man made an empire out of tortas!
As always, I hope this post helps you catch up on the week. Especially any time you go on vacation — or just disconnect for a few hours.
Enjoy your weekend!

When you re CEO  your job is to solve every kind of crisisWhen you're CEO, your job is to solve every kind of crisis
How to launch a company and have a baby at the same time
Noi Solutions founder Saima Chowdhury got pregnant the same month she started her company. Here are productivity tips she learned along the way.
Noi Solutions founder Saima Chowdhury got pregnant the same month she started her company. Here are productivity tips she learned along the way.
By Robin D. Schatz, Inc.com
Victoria's Secret
'Running my own business has taught me that things don't always go your way, and you have to remain calm.'
Saima Chowdhury earned an M.B.A. at the Wharton School and chalked up a long track record working for large U.S. corporations. But starting her own integrated sourcing company, New York City-based Noi Solutions, has taught her that remaining calm amid any storm is an essential skill.
0
I come from an entrepreneurial family, and I always knew I wanted to do something on my own. After years of working for Victoria's Secret and Nike, I started Noi Solutions to help retailers  manufacture their goods  in Bangladesh and to help Bangladeshi factories market their capabilities to retailers. That same month, I got pregnant. The first two years after my son was born were really tough, as I had to manage the demands of a growing baby and a growing business. I dealt with the pressure by just staying hyperfocused on those two things. From the time he was 6 months old, I've taken my son on all of my business trips to Asia.
Running my own business has taught me that things don't always go your way, and you have to remain calm. Manufacturing in the developing world is challenging. Every day, there's a different problem. It could be not getting the buttons you need on time from China or dealing with political turmoil. At the end of the day, I'm responsible for anything that goes wrong. My job is to figure out how to solve crises so my customers don't have to.
My ability to  manage under pressure  comes from years of watching my father run his apparel factories. He's been a huge influence in my life. I've seen him under enormous pressure, but he never panicked, even when he faced a really big crisis.
For the three months leading up to the January 2014 elections, there were a lot of strikes, and people were afraid to go out in the streets or travel. Mobs were burning trucks headed to the port. But we had goods that still needed to be made and shipped. I realized that my business's survival depended upon keeping control of the situation.
Months before, I had prepared our customers by explaining what could happen during the volatile election season, and we planned our production and logistics considerations carefully. We worked with only the very best factories. We lowered our revenue goals for the year and took in fewer orders. I did a lot of communicating with clients and worked hard to maintain my staff's morale.
Anticipating delays and disruptions, we built in extra lead time for production, and we transported goods at night whenever it was too risky to do so during the day. In the end, we managed to ship everything on time. Had we not planned ahead, there was the potential for a huge disaster.
Your whole worldview changes when you have your own business. You have to be very driven, as there's nobody telling you what to do. I had no dream that I would become a millionaire overnight. I know it's a process.

Gadgets for your next tailgating outingGadgets for your next tailgating outing
Tailgating gadgets
Soldier Field Chicago Bears
If you want to score a touchdown at your next tailgating outing, you'll want to grab a few new gadgets.
Are you ready for Sunday when the Chicago Bears play the Green Bay Packers at Soldier Field? If you want to score a touchdown at your next tailgating outing, you’ll want to grab a few new gadgets to make cooking, partying and cheering easier. From monitoring your blood alcohol level with your smartphone to having drinks delivered via remote controlled cooler, these gadgets will help step up your pre-game this fall.
Click through the gallery to see some of our finds.
 
Caption The Remote Controlled Rolling Beverage Cooler
RC Cooler
This cooler works with a remote control - so you don't have to bother getting up when you're thirsty after a long day of cheering on your team. When you're ready to go home, the cooler collapses for easy storage.
This cooler works with a remote control - so you don't have to bother getting up when you're thirsty after a long day of cheering on your team. When you're ready to go home, the cooler collapses for easy storage. (RC Cooler)
Caption Breathometer
Breathometer
Plug this device into the headphone jack of your smartphone, launching the app and blowing into the opening of the Breathometer to check your blood alcohol level.
Plug this device into the headphone jack of your smartphone, launching the app and blowing into the opening of the Breathometer to check your blood alcohol level. (Breathometer)
Caption Blacktop 360 HFI Premium Party Hub Grill/Fryer
Blacktop 360
Expand your tailgating recipes by using this mega-grill. It's got room for a deep fryer, grill, griddle, warming plate, cutting board, thermometer on its 452 square inches of cooking space.
Expand your tailgating recipes by using this mega-grill. It's got room for a deep fryer, grill, griddle, warming plate, cutting board, thermometer on its 452 square inches of cooking space. (Blacktop 360)
Caption Vinnebago
Corkcicle
This canteen holds 25 ounces, or the same amount in a wine bottle, and can keep drinks hot or cold for more than 25 hours.
This canteen holds 25 ounces, or the same amount in a wine bottle, and can keep drinks hot or cold for more than 25 hours. (Corkcicle)
Caption Folding BBQ Grill
Sharper Image
The grill folds into the size of a briefcase - and everything you need sans the charcoal - including the barbecue grill, cooking grate and charcoal grate - can be stored inside the folded grill.
The grill folds into the size of a briefcase - and everything you need sans the charcoal - including the barbecue grill, cooking grate and charcoal grate - can be stored inside the folded grill. (Sharper Image)

Stock markets  wild weekStock markets' wild week
Stock markets' wild week
Sept. 26 (Bloomberg) -- Green Square Capital's Lincoln Ellis and LPL Financial's John Canally discuss this week's performance of U.S. equities and the prospects for the U.S. economy with Olivia Sterns and Mike McKee on "Street Smart."
Sept. 26 (Bloomberg) -- Green Square Capital's Lincoln Ellis and LPL Financial's John Canally discuss this week's performance of U.S. equities and the prospects for the U.S. economy with Olivia Sterns and Mike McKee on "Street Smart."

Why Is Bill Gross Leaving Pimco  Joining Janus CapitalWhy Is Bill Gross Leaving Pimco, Joining Janus Capital?
Why Is Bill Gross Leaving Pimco, Joining Janus Capital?
Sept. 26 (Bloomberg) -- Bill Gross, co-founder and co-chief investment officer of Pimco, will join Janus Capital Group. Betty Liu reports on ¿In The Loop.¿ (Source: Bloomberg)
Sept. 26 (Bloomberg) -- Bill Gross, co-founder and co-chief investment officer of Pimco, will join Janus Capital Group. Betty Liu reports on ¿In The Loop.¿ (Source: Bloomberg)

OneEleven is a grand refuge for renters in a prime Loop location0
The 60 floor plans range from 575-square-foot studios to three-bedroom, three-bath residences of 2,400 square feet. Current rent for available apartments ranges from $2,395 to $11,500 a month.
Related bought the site with the skeleton of an unfinished condo and hotel project in 2011. The glass-sheathed tower incorporates that previous project into the base of the building. Several of the smaller units are on lower floors, but they have 10-foot ceilings compared with the 9-foot ceilings in the tower apartments above.
All apartments have wide-planked flooring throughout the living area and bedrooms. Kitchens are equipped with Snaidero cabinetry, quartz countertops, stainless steel appliances and white marble mosaic tile backsplashes. Each unit has a washer and dryer, customized closets, natural stone bathrooms, solid-core interior doors and resident-controlled heating and air conditioning.
North-facing as well as many west- and east-facing units capture views of the Chicago River and the skyline on the river's north shore. Among the most popular apartments have been the two-bedroom, two-bath units on building's northeast corner, Anderson said. With about 1,100 square feet of living space and walls of floor-to-ceiling glass, the apartments offer sweeping views from Wolf Point on the west to Lake Michigan on the east.
Units with a south or more southerly orientation offer a bird's-eye view of the heart of the Loop. City Hall, Daley Plaza and the nearby State of Illinois Building are part of the panorama. Those on the upper floors may overlook the greenery on the sun deck and terrace that are part of the property's amenities area midway up the building.
Those outdoor amenities are part of Club OneEleven on the 28th and 29th floors. Residents can relax in a lounge with a fireplace and bar area, media room, party room with a terrace and grill, fitness center and pool. A technology area is also available.
Besides the spacious south-facing deck and terrace, a smaller terrace overlooks the river on the opposite side of the building.
Management officials tout OneEleven's Loop location within easy walking distance to the restaurants and shopping of the popular River North area across the river. An extension of the city's Riverwalk is under construction across the street from the building's front door.
There are 470 in-garage parking spaces available to residents, but a car may be unnecessary for many.
There are on-site Zipcars, a bike room and bus stops nearby. The tower is a block from a CTA station for the Orange, Brown, Pink and Blue lines and two blocks from the Red Line.
The pickup and drop-off offices for major car rental companies are in the office building next door.
OneEleven

Obamacare Makes Birth Control Free. Not Everyone Got The MemoBirth Control Is Free Under Obamacare, But Not Everyone Got The Memo
Posted:
Updated:
09/29/2014  5:59 pm EDT
Filling a birth control prescription? You probably don't have to pay because of a benefit created by the Affordable Care Act. | Getty Images
reddit
One of Obamacare's biggest selling points for women is the guarantee of no-cost birth control, a new benefit that includes all forms of contraception from the pill to tubal ligation.
But two years after the rules eliminating copayments for contraceptives took effect, some women are still forking over cash to the pharmacist when they pick up their pills or at the doctor's office when they obtain other forms of birth control.
Just last week, CVS announced it would send rebates to 11,000 women who were erroneously charged for their birth control pills at the company's stores because of a computer error. The snafu came to light when an aide to Rep. Jackie Speier (D-Calif.) had to pay $20 for birth control at a Washington CVS, which prompted an inquiry by the lawmaker.
So did President Barack Obama break a promise? Are health insurance companies and drugstores picking women's pockets?
The good news is that neither of those things is true, and eventually almost all women with health coverage won't have to pay a dime when they obtain contraceptives. The bad news is that it's a little complicated. Because of course it is. This is the American health care system, after all.
"American women don't really know what all the rules are," said Judy Waxman, vice president for health and reproductive rights at the National Women's Law Center. "All this is relatively new, and it's working fairly well. It just needs to be cleaned up and work better."
Some health insurance plans aren't yet required to comply with this part of Obamacare. Others never will have to cover birth control, such as those plans provided to employees of religious organizations. And as the CVS example illustrates, sometimes insurers and pharmacists just get it wrong, and women have to jump through hoops to set it straight.
"We do hear from women all over the country with what I will call glitches," Waxman said. "Not everybody understands what they're supposed to be doing."
First, the basics: The Affordable Care Act does require health insurance companies to cover all Food and Drug Administration-approved contraceptives -- including the pill, IUDs, the ring and the patch -- without any form of cost-sharing like copayments or deductibles. This requirement comes from the same part of the law that mandates no charges for preventive medicine, such as immunizations and cholesterol tests.
If you receive your health benefits from an employer and you're not sure whether you have to pay out-of-pocket to get contraception, you should ask a manager, the human resources office or the insurance company. If you buy health insurance on your own, check with the plan to find out what your contraceptive coverage is. All health insurance sold on the Obamacare exchanges includes no-cost birth control . If your insurance company still insists you owe copayments, you might have to file an appeal, Waxman said.
If you don't get straight answers from your employer or insurance provider, or if you feel like you're being ripped off, organizations such as the Planned Parenthood Action Fund and the National Women's Law Center can help, as can state insurance commissioners and the U.S. Department of Labor, Waxman said.
Despite its shortcomings and the confusion around how it's supposed to work, the Obamacare birth control mandate has had a huge impact: Many, many more women have access to no-cost contraception than before the law took effect, as this chart from the Guttmacher Institute, a reproductive health research organization, shows.
Source: The Guttmacher Institute
The share of women who obtained oral contraceptives without copayments rose from 15 percent in 2012 to 67 percent this year, according to a survey by the Guttmacher Institute. Women who used an injectable contraceptive or the ring saw a similarly major improvement in their benefits, and those using IUDs saw a somewhat smaller increase.
The effect on women's pocketbooks is striking: Women using contraceptives saved $483 million in copayments last year , according to IMS Institute for Healthcare Informatics, a branch of IMS Health that tracks pharmaceutical sales. (Obamacare didn't exactly make contraceptives "free," of course, because their cost now just gets included in the overall insurance cost.) The number of prescriptions filled for the pill also increased by 4.6 percent from the year before, IMS reported in April.
Top bar in millions of prescriptions. Bottom bar in millions of dollars. Source: IMS Institute for Healthcare Informatics
That's probably a big reason why this part of Obamacare is so popular . In a survey conducted this July, 60 percent of people said they supported mandated no-cost birth control, the Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation found. Still, one-third of Americans didn't know about the no-cost birth control benefit as recently as March, and only one-fifth said they'd heard a lot about it, another survey by the foundation revealed.
Why do some women still have to pay up at the pharmacy or doctor's office? Because there are types of health insurance plans that currently don't have to provide this benefit.
The main category of such plans is what the Affordable Care Act calls "grandfathered" health insurance , meaning the plans can follow pre-Obamacare rules so long as the insurers don't make more than small changes to the benefits they offered on March 23, 2010, the day the president signed the law. About one-quarter of insured people are enrolled in these grandfathered plans, according to a survey of employers by the Kaiser Family Foundation and the Health Research and Educational Trust released last month.
But fewer and fewer women will have these grandfathered plans in future years as employers who provide health benefits and insurance companies adapt to Obamacare and start following all its rules. More than half of those with insurance had these old plans in 2011, and the share is steadily falling.
Then there are closely held for-profit companies like Hobby Lobby and religiously affiliated nonprofit organizations like Little Sisters of the Poor , which object to at least some forms of birth control. The Supreme Court decided this year that companies like Hobby Lobby can opt out of paying for their employees' contraceptives -- and gave groups like the Little Sisters a temporary reprieve from the mandate while their case moves through the courts. But the Obama administration maintains that women who work for these organizations must still somehow have access to contraception coverage.
These employers and the Obama administration continue to fight about this, so if you work for such an employer, you might have to pay for your birth control.
More:

Secret Recordings Expose The True Relationship Between Goldman And The NY FedSecret Recordings Expose Cozy Relationship Between Goldman Sachs And The NY Fed
ProPublica  | By                                                                Jake Bernstein
Updated:
09/26/2014 10:59 am EDT
Carmen Segarra outside the Federal Reserve Bank of New York on Oct. 10, 2013. (Nabil Rahman for ProPublica) | Nabil Rahman for ProPublica
reddit
Barely a year removed from the devastation of the 2008 financial crisis, the president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York faced a crossroads. Congress had set its sights on reform. The biggest banks in the nation had shown that their failure could threaten the entire financial system. Lawmakers wanted new safeguards.
The Federal Reserve, and, by dint of its location off Wall Street, the New York Fed, was the logical choice to head the effort. Except it had failed miserably in catching the meltdown.
New York Fed President William Dudley had to answer two questions quickly: Why had his institution blown it, and how could it do better? So he called in an outsider, a Columbia University finance professor named David Beim, and granted him unlimited access to investigate. In exchange, the results would remain secret.
After interviews with dozens of New York Fed employees, Beim learned something that surprised even him . The most daunting obstacle the New York Fed faced in overseeing the nation's biggest financial institutions was its own culture. The New York Fed had become too risk-averse and deferential to the banks it supervised. Its examiners feared contradicting bosses, who too often forced their findings into an institutional consensus that watered down much of what they did.
The report didn't only highlight problems. Beim provided a path forward. He urged the New York Fed to hire expert examiners who were unafraid to speak up and then encourage them to do so. It was essential, he said, to preventing the next crisis.
A year later, Congress gave the Federal Reserve even more oversight authority. And the New York Fed started hiring specialized examiners to station inside the too-big-to fail institutions, those that posed the most risk to the financial system.
One of the expert examiners it chose was Carmen Segarra .
Segarra appeared to be exactly what Beim ordered. Passionate and direct, schooled in the Ivy League and at the Sorbonne, she was a lawyer with more than 13 years of experience in compliance – the specialty of helping banks satisfy rules and regulations. The New York Fed placed her inside one of the biggest and, at the time, most controversial banks in the country, Goldman Sachs.
It did not go well. She was fired after only seven months.
As ProPublica reported last year, Segarra sued the New York Fed and her bosses, claiming she was retaliated against for refusing to back down from a negative finding about Goldman Sachs. A judge threw out the case this year without ruling on the merits, saying the facts didn't fit the statute under which she sued.
At the bottom of a document filed in the case, however, her lawyer disclosed a stunning fact: Segarra had made a series of audio recordings while at the New York Fed. Worried about what she was witnessing, Segarra wanted a record in case events were disputed. So she had purchased a tiny recorder at the Spy Store and began capturing what took place at Goldman and with her bosses.
Segarra ultimately recorded about 46 hours of meetings and conversations with her colleagues. Many of these events document key moments leading to her firing. But against the backdrop of the Beim report, they also offer an intimate study of the New York Fed's culture at a pivotal moment in its effort to become a more forceful financial supervisor. Fed deliberations, confidential by regulation, rarely become public.
The recordings make clear that some of the cultural obstacles Beim outlined in his report persisted almost three years after he handed his report to Dudley. They portray a New York Fed that is at times reluctant to push hard against Goldman and struggling to define its authority while integrating Segarra and a new corps of expert examiners into a reorganized supervisory scheme.
Segarra became a polarizing personality inside the New York Fed — and a problem for her bosses — in part because she was too outspoken and direct about the issues she saw at both Goldman and the Fed. Some colleagues found her abrasive and complained. Her unwillingness to conform set her on a collision course with higher-ups at the New York Fed and, ultimately, led to her undoing.
In a tense, 40-minute meeting recorded the week before she was fired, Segarra's boss repeatedly tries to persuade her to change her conclusion that Goldman was missing a policy to handle conflicts of interest. Segarra offered to review her evidence with higher-ups and told her boss she would accept being overruled once her findings were submitted. It wasn't enough.
"Why do you have to say there's no policy?" her boss said near the end of the grueling session.
"Professionally," Segarra responded, "I cannot agree."
The New York Fed disputes Segarra's claim that she was fired in retaliation.
"The decision to terminate Ms. Segarra's employment with the New York Fed was based entirely on performance grounds, not because she raised concerns as a member of any examination team about any institution," it said in a two-page statement responding to an extensive list of questions from ProPublica and This American Life.
The statement also defends the bank's record as regulator, saying it has taken steps to incorporate Beim's recommendations and "provides multiple venues and layers of recourse to help ensure that its employees freely express their views and concerns."
"The New York Fed," the statement says, "categorically rejects the allegations being made about the integrity of its supervision of financial institutions."
****
In the spring of 2009, New York Fed President William Dudley put together a team of eight senior staffers to help Beim in his inquiry. In many ways, this was familiar territory for Beim.
He had worked on Wall Street as a banker in the 1980s at Bankers Trust Company, assisting the firm through its transition from a retail to an investment bank. In 1997, the New York Fed hired Beim to study how it might improve its examination process. Beim recommended the Fed spend more time understanding the businesses it supervised. He also suggested a system of continuous monitoring rather than a single year-end examination.
Beim says his team in 2009 pursued a no-holds-barred investigation of the New York Fed. They were emboldened because the report was to remain an internal document, so there was no reason to hold back for fear of exposure. The words "Confidential Treatment Requested" ran across the bottom of the report.
"Nothing was off limits," says Beim. "I was told I could ask anyone any question. There were no restrictions."
In the end, his 27-page report laid bare a culture ruled by groupthink, where managers used consensus decision-making and layers of vetting to water down findings. Examiners feared to speak up lest they make a mistake or contradict higher-ups. Excessive secrecy stymied action and empowered gatekeepers, who used their authority to protect the banks they supervised.
"Our review of lessons learned from the crisis reveals a culture that is too risk-averse to respond quickly and flexibly to new challenges," the report stated. "A number of people believe that supervisors paid excessive deference to banks, and as a result they were less aggressive in finding issues or in following up on them in a forceful way."
One New York Fed employee, a supervisor, described his experience in terms of "regulatory capture," the phrase commonly used to describe a situation where banks co-opt regulators. Beim included the remark in a footnote. "Within three weeks on the job, I saw the capture set in," the manager stated.  
Confronted with the quotation, senior officers at the Fed asked the professor to remove it from the report, according to Beim. "They didn't give an argument," Beim said in an interview. "They were embarrassed." He refused to change it.
The Beim report made the case that the New York Fed needed a specific kind of culture to transform itself into an institution able to monitor complex financial firms and catch the kinds of risks that were capable of torpedoing the global economy.
That meant hiring "out-of-the-box thinkers," even at the risk of getting "disruptive personalities," the report said. It called for expert examiners who would be contrarian, ask difficult questions and challenge the prevailing orthodoxy. Managers should add categories like "willingness to speak up" and "willingness to contradict me" to annual employee evaluations. And senior Fed managers had to take the lead.
"The top has to articulate why we're going through this change, what the benefits are going to be and why it's so important that we're going to monitor everyone and make sure they stay on board," Beim said in an interview.
Beim handed the report to Dudley. The professor kept it in draft form to help maintain secrecy and because he thought the Fed president might request changes. Instead, Dudley thanked him and that was it. Beim never heard from him again about the matter, he said.
In 2011, the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission, created by Congress to investigate the causes behind the economic calamity, publicly released hundreds of documents. Buried among them was Beim's report.
Because of the report's candor, the release surprised Beim and New York Fed officials. Yet virtually no one else noticed.
*****
Among the New York Fed employees enlisted to help Beim in his investigation was Michael Silva.
As a Fed veteran, Silva was a logical choice. A lawyer and graduate of the United States Naval Academy, he joined the bank as a law clerk in 1992. Silva had also assisted disabled veterans and had gone into Iraq after the 2003 invasion to help the country's central bank. Prior to working on Beim's report, he had been chief of staff to the previous New York Fed president, Timothy Geithner.
In declining through his lawyer to comment for this story, Silva cited the appeal of Segarra's lawsuit and a prohibition on disclosing unpublished supervisory material. The rule allows regulators to monitor banks without having to worry about the release of information that could alarm customers and create a run on a bank that's under scrutiny.
Silva had been in the room with Geithner in September 2008 during a seminal moment of the financial crisis. Shares in a large money market fund – the Reserve Primary Fund – had fallen below the standard price of $1, "breaking the buck" and threatening to touch off a run by investors. The investment firm Lehman Brothers had entered bankruptcy, and the financial system appeared in danger of collapse.
In Segarra's recordings, Silva tells his team how, at least initially, no one in the war room at the New York Fed knew how to respond. He went into the bathroom, sick to his stomach, and vomited.
"I never want to get close to that moment again, but maybe I'm too close to that moment," Silva told his New York Fed team at Goldman Sachs in a meeting one day.
Despite his years at the New York Fed, Silva was new to the institution's supervisory side. He had never been an examiner or participated as part of a team inside a regulated bank until being appointed to lead the team at Goldman Sachs. Silva prefaced his financial crisis anecdote by saying the team needed to understand his motivations, "so you can perhaps push back on these things."
In the recordings, Silva then offered a second anecdote. This one involved the moments before the Lehman bankruptcy.
Silva related how the top bankers in the nation were asked to contribute money to save Lehman. He described his disappointment when Goldman executives initially balked. Silva acknowledged that it might have been a hard sell to shareholders, but added that "if Goldman had stepped up with a big number, that would have encouraged the others."
"It was extraordinarily disappointing to me that they weren't thinking as Americans," Silva says in the recording. "Those two things are very powerful experiences that, I will admit, influence my thinking."  
*****
Silva's stories help explain his approach to a controversial deal that came to the New York Fed team's attention in January 2012, two months after Segarra arrived. She said the Fed's handling of the deal demonstrated its timidity whenever questions arose about Goldman's actions. Debate about the deal runs through many of Segarra's recordings.
On Friday, Jan. 6, 2012, at 3:54 p.m., a senior Goldman official sent an email to the on-site Fed regulators – including Silva, Segarra and Segarra's legal and compliance manager, Johnathon Kim. Goldman wanted to notify them about a fast-moving transaction with a large Spanish bank, Banco Santander. Spanish regulators had signed off on the deal, but Goldman was reaching out to its own regulators to see whether they had any questions.
At the time, European banks were shaky, particularly the Spanish ones. To shore up confidence, the European Banking Authority was demanding that banks hold more capital to offset potential future losses. Meeting these capital requirements was at the heart of the Goldman-Santander transaction.
Under the deal, Santander transferred some of the shares it held in its Brazilian subsidiary to Goldman. This effectively reduced the amount of capital Santander needed. In exchange for a fee from Santander, Goldman would hold on to the shares for a few years and then return them. The deal would help Santander announce that it had reached its proper capital ratio six months ahead of the deadline.
In the recordings, one New York Fed employee compared it to Goldman "getting paid to watch a briefcase." Silva states that the fee was $40 million and that potentially hundreds of millions more could be made from trading on the large number of shares Goldman would hold.
Santander and Goldman declined to respond to detailed questions about the deal.
Silva did not like the transaction. He acknowledged it appeared to be "perfectly legal" but thought it was bad to help Santander appear healthier than it might actually be.
"It's pretty apparent when you think this thing through that it's basically window dressing that's designed to help Banco Santander artificially enhance its capital position," he told his team before a big meeting on the topic with Goldman executives.
The deal closed the Sunday after the Friday email. The following week, Silva spoke with top Goldman people about it and told his team he had asked why the bank "should" do the deal. As Silva described it, there was a divide between the Fed's view of the deal and Goldman's.
"[Goldman executives] responded with a bunch of explanations that all relate to, 'We can do this,' " Silva told his team.
Privately, Segarra saw little sense in Silva's preoccupation with the question of whether "should" applied to the Santander deal. In an interview, she said it seemed to her that Silva and the other examiners who worked under him tended to focus on abstract issues that were "fuzzy" and "esoteric" like "should" and " repetitional risk ."
Segarra believed that Goldman had more pressing compliance issues – such as whether executives had checked the backgrounds of the parties to the deal in the way required by anti-money laundering regulations.
*****
Segarra had joined the New York Fed on Oct. 31, 2011, as it was gearing up for its new era overseeing the biggest and riskiest banks. She was part of a reorganization meant to put more expert examiners to the task. 
In the past, examiners known as "relationship managers" had been stationed inside the banks. When they needed an in-depth review in a particular area, they would often call a risk specialist from that area to come do the examination for them.
In the new system, relationship managers would be redubbed "business-line specialists." They would spend more time trying to understand how the banks made money. The business-line specialists would report to the senior New York Fed person stationed inside the bank.
The risk specialists like Segarra would no longer be called in from outside. They, too, would be embedded inside the banks, with an open mandate to do continuous examinations in their particular area of expertise, everything from credit risk to Segarra's specialty of legal and compliance. They would have their own risk-specialist bosses but would also be expected to answer to the person in charge at the bank, the same manager of the business-line specialists.
In Goldman's case, that was Silva.
Shortly after the Santander transaction closed, Segarra notified her own risk-specialist bosses that Silva was concerned. They told her to look into the deal. She met with Silva to tell him the news, but he had some of his own. The general counsel of the New York Fed had "reined me in," he told Segarra. Silva did not refer by name to Tom Baxter, the New York Fed's general counsel, but said: "I was all fired up, and he doesn't want me getting the Fed to assert powers it doesn't have."
This conversation occurred the day before the New York Fed team met with Goldman officials to learn about the inner workings of the deal.
From the recordings, it's not spelled out exactly what troubled the general counsel. But they make clear that higher-ups felt they had no authority to nix the Santander deal simply because Fed officials didn't think Goldman "should" do it.
Segarra told Silva she understood but felt that if they looked, they'd likely find holes. Silva repeated himself. "Well, yes, but it is actually also the case that the general counsel reined me in a bit on that," he reminded Segarra.
The following day, the New York Fed team gathered before their meeting with Goldman. Silva outlined his concerns without mentioning the general counsel's admonishment. He said he thought the deal was "legal but shady."
"I'd like these guys to come away from this meeting confused as to what we think about it," he told the team. "I want to keep them nervous."
As requested, Segarra had dug further into the transaction and found something unusual: a clause that seemed to require Goldman to alert the New York Fed about the terms and receive a "no objection."
This appeared to pique Silva's interest. "The one thing I know as a lawyer that they never got from me was a no objection," he said at the pre-meeting. He rallied his team to look into all aspects of the deal. If they would "poke with our usual poker faces," Silva said, maybe they would "find something even shadier."
But what loomed as a showdown ended up fizzling. In the meeting with Goldman, an executive said the "no objection" clause was for the firm's benefit and not meant to obligate Goldman to get approval. Rather than press the point, regulators moved on.
Afterward, the New York Fed staffers huddled again on their floor at the bank. The fact-finding process had only just started. In the meeting, Goldman had promised to get back to the regulators with more information to answer some of their questions. Still, one of the Fed lawyers present at the post-meeting lauded Goldman's "thoroughness."
Another examiner said he worried that the team was pushing Goldman too hard.
"I think we don't want to discourage Goldman from disclosing these types of things in the future," he said. Instead, he suggested telling the bank, "Don't mistake our inquisitiveness, and our desire to understand more about the marketplace in general, as a criticism of you as a firm necessarily."
*****
To Segarra, the "inquisitiveness" comment represented a fear of upsetting Goldman.
By law, the banks are required to provide information if the New York Fed asks for it. Moreover, Goldman itself had brought the Santander deal to the regulators' attention.
Beim's report identified deference as a serious problem. In an interview, he explained that some of this behavior could be chalked up to a natural tendency to want to maintain good relations with people you see every day. The danger, Beim noted, is that it can morph into regulatory capture. To prevent it, the New York Fed typically tries to move examiners every few years.
Over the ensuing months, the Fed team at Goldman debated how to demonstrate their displeasure with Goldman over the Santander deal. The option with the most interest was to send a letter saying the Fed had concerns, but without forcing Goldman to do anything about them.
The only downside, said one Fed official on a recording in late January 2012, was that Goldman would just ignore them.
"We're not obligating them to do anything necessarily, but it could very effectively get a reaction and change some behavior for future transactions," one team member said.
In the same recorded meeting, Segarra pointed out that Goldman might not have done the anti-money laundering checks that Fed guidance outlines for deals like these. If so, the team might be able to do more than just send a letter, she said. The group ignored her.
It's not clear from the recordings if the letter was ever sent.
Silva took an optimistic view in the meeting. The Fed's interest got the bank's attention, he said, and senior Goldman executives had apologized to him for the way the Fed had learned about the deal. "I guarantee they'll think twice about the next one, because by putting them through their paces, and having that large Fed crowd come in, you know we, I fussed at 'em pretty good," he said. "They were very, very nervous."
Segarra had worked previously at Citigroup, MBNA and Société Générale. She was accustomed to meetings that ended with specific action items.
At the Fed, simply having a meeting was often seen as akin to action, she said in an interview. "It's like the information is discussed, and then it just ends up in like a vacuum, floating on air, not acted upon."
Beim said he found the same dynamic at work in the lead up to the financial crisis. Fed officials noticed the accumulating risk in the system. "There were lengthy presentations on subjects like that," Beim said. "It's just that none of those meetings ever ended with anyone saying, 'And therefore let's take the following steps right now.'"
*****
The New York Fed's post-crisis reorganization didn't resolve longstanding tensions between its examiner corps. In fact, by empowering risk specialists, it may have exacerbated them.
Beim had highlighted conflicts between the two examiner groups in his report. "Risk teams ... often feel that the Relationship teams become gatekeepers at their banks, seeking to control access to their institutions," he wrote. Other examiners complained in the report that relationship managers "were too deferential to bank management."
In the new order, risk specialists were now responsible for their own examinations. No longer would the business-line specialists control the process. What Segarra discovered, however, was that the roles had not been clearly defined, allowing the tensions Beim had detailed to fester.
Segarra said she began to experience pushback from the business-line specialists within a month of starting her job. Some of these incidents are detailed in her lawsuit, recorded in notes she took at the time and corroborated by another examiner who was present.
Business-line specialists questioned her meeting minutes; one challenged whether she had accurately heard comments by a Goldman executive at a meeting. It created problems, Segarra said, when she drew on her experiences at other banks to contradict rosy assessments the business-line specialists had of Goldman's compliance programs. In the recordings, she is forceful in expressing her opinions.
ProPublica and This American Life reached out to four of the business-line specialists who were on the Goldman team while Segarra was there to try and get their side of the story. Only one responded, and that person declined a request for comment. In the recordings, it's clear from her interactions with managers that Segarra found the situation upsetting, and she did not hide her displeasure. She repeatedly complains about the business-line specialists to Kim, her legal and compliance manager, and other supervisors.
"It's like even when I try to explain to them what my evidence is, they won't even listen," she told Kim in a recording from Jan. 6, 2012. "I think that management needs to do a better job of managing those people."
Kim let her know in the meeting that he did not expect such help from the Fed's top management. "I just want to manage your expectations for our purposes," he told Segarra. "Let's pretend that it's not going to happen."
Instead, Kim advised Segarra "to be patient" and "bite her tongue." The New York Fed was trying to change, he counseled, but it was "this giant Titanic, slow to move."
Three days later, Segarra met with her fellow legal and compliance risk specialists stationed at the other banks. In the recording, the meeting turns into a gripe session about the business-line specialists. Other risk specialists were jockeying over control of examinations, too, it turned out.
"It has been a struggle for me as to who really has the final say about recommendations," said one.
"If we can't feel that we'll have management support or that our expertise per se is not valued, it causes a low morale to us," said another.
*****
On Feb. 21, 2012, Segarra met with her manager, Kim, for their weekly meeting. After covering some process issues with her examinations, the recordings show, they again discussed the tensions between the two camps of specialists.
Kim shifted some of the blame for those tensions onto Segarra, and specifically onto her personality: "There are opinions that are coming in," he began.
First he complimented her: "I think you do a good job of looking at issues and identifying what the gaps are and you know determining what you want to do as the next steps. And I think you do a lot of hard work, so I'm thankful," Kim said. But there had been complaints.
She was too "transactional," Kim said, and needed to be more "relational."
"I'm never questioning about the knowledge base or assessments or those things; it's really about how you are perceived," Kim said. People thought she had "sharper elbows, or you're sort of breaking eggs. And obviously I don't know what the right word is."
Segarra asked for specifics. Kim demurred, describing it as "general feedback."
In the conversation that followed, Kim offered Segarra pointed advice about behaviors that would make her a better examiner at the New York Fed. But his suggestions, delivered in a well-meaning tone, tracked with the very cultural handicaps that Beim said needed to change.
Kim: "I would ask you to think about a little bit more, in terms of, first of all, the choice of words and not being so conclusory."
Beim report: "Because so many seem to fear contradicting their bosses, senior managers must now repeatedly tell subordinates they have a duty to speak up even if that contradicts their bosses."
Kim: "You use the word 'definitely' a lot, too. If you use that, then you want to have a consensus view of definitely, not only your own."
Beim report: "An allied issue is that building consensus can result in a whittling down of issues or a smoothing of exam findings. Compromise often results in less forceful language and demands on the banks involved."
In Segarra's recordings, there is some evidence to back Kim's critique. Sometimes she cuts people off, including her bosses. And she could be brusque or blunt.
A colleague who worked with Segarra at the New York Fed, who does not have permission from their employer to be identified, told ProPublica that Segarra often asked direct questions. Sometimes they were embarrassingly direct, this former examiner said, but they were all questions that needed to be asked. This person characterized Segarra's behavior at the New York Fed as "a breath of fresh air."
ProPublica also reached out to three people who worked with Segarra at two other firms. All three praised her attitude at work and said she never acted unprofessionally.
In the meeting with Kim, Segarra observed that the skills that made her successful in the private sector did not seem to be the ones that necessarily worked at the New York Fed.
Kim said that she needed to make changes quickly in order to succeed.
"You mean, not fired?" Segarra said.
"I don't want to even get there," Kim responded.
It would be unfair to fire her, Segarra offered, since she was doing a good job.
"I'm here to change the definition of what a good job is," Kim said. "There are two parts it: Actually producing the results, which I think you're very capable of producing the results. But also be mindful of enfolding people and defusing situations, making sure that people feel like they're heard and respected."
Segarra had thought her job was simple: Follow the evidence wherever it led. Now she was being told she had to "enfold" business-line specialists and "defuse" their objections.
"What does this have to do with bank examinations," Segarra wondered to herself, "or Goldman Sachs?"
*****
Segarra worked on her examination of Goldman's conflict-of-interest policies for nearly seven months. Her mandate was to determine whether Goldman had a comprehensive, firm-wide conflicts-of-interest policy as of Nov. 1, 2011.
Segarra has records showing that there were at least 15 meetings on the topic. Silva or Kim attended the majority. At an impromptu gathering of regulators after one such meeting early that December, her contemporaneous notes indicate Silva was distressed by how Goldman was dealing with conflicts of interest.
By the spring of 2012, Segarra believed her bosses agreed with her conclusion that Goldman did not have a policy sufficient to meet Fed guidance.
During her examination, she regularly talked about her findings with fellow legal and compliance risk specialists from other banks. In April, they all came together for a vetting session to report conclusions about their respective institutions. After a brief presentation by Segarra, the team agreed that Goldman's conflict-of-interest policies didn't measure up, according to Segarra and one other examiner who was present.
In May, members of the New York Fed team at Goldman met to discuss plans for their annual assessment of the bank. Segarra was sick and not present. Silva recounts in an email that he was considering informing Goldman that it did not have a policy when a business-line specialist interjected and said Goldman did have a conflict-of-interest policy – right on the bank's website.
In a follow-up email to Segarra, Silva wrote: "In light of your repeated and adamant assertions that Goldman has no written conflicts of interest policy, you can understand why I was surprised to find a "Conflicts of Interests Section" in Goldman's Code of Conduct that seemed to me to define, prohibit and instruct employees what to do about it."
But in Segarra's view, the code fell far short of the Fed's official guidance, which calls for a policy that encompasses the entire bank and provides a framework for "assessing, controlling, measuring, monitoring and reporting" conflicts.
ProPublica sent a copy of Goldman's Code of Conduct to two legal and compliance experts familiar with the Fed's guidance on the topic. Both did not want be quoted by name, either because they were not authorized by their employer or because they did not want to publicly criticize Goldman Sachs. Both have experience as bank examiners in the area of legal and compliance. Each said Goldman's Code of Conduct would not qualify as a firm-wide conflicts of interest policy as set out by the Fed's guidance.
In the recordings, Segarra asks Gwen Libstag, the executive at Goldman who is responsible for managing conflicts, whether the bank has "a definition of a conflict of interest, what that is and what that means?"
"No," Libstag replied at the meeting in April.
Back in December, according to meeting minutes, a Goldman executive told Segarra and other regulators that Goldman did not have a single policy: "It's probably more than one document – there is no one policy per se."
Early in her examination, Segarra had asked for all the conflict-of-interest policies for each of Goldman's divisions as of Nov. 1, 2011. It took months and two requests, Segarra said, to get the documents. They arrived in March. According to the documents, two of the divisions state that the first policy dates to December 2011. The documents also indicate that policies for another division were incomplete.
ProPublica and This American Life sent Goldman Sachs detailed questions about the bank's conflict-of-interest policies, Segarra and events in the meetings she recorded.
In a three-paragraph response , the bank said, "Goldman Sachs has long had a comprehensive approach for addressing potential conflicts." It also cited Silva's email about the Code of Conduct in the statement, saying: "To get a balanced view of her claims, you should read what her supervisor wrote after discovering that what she had said about Goldman was just plain wrong."
Goldman's statement also said Segarra had unsuccessfully interviewed for jobs at Goldman three times. Segarra said that she recalls interviewing with the bank four times, but that it shouldn't be surprising. She has applied for jobs at most of the top banks on Wall Street multiple times over the course of her career, she said.
*****
The audio is muddy but the words are distinct. So is the tension. Segarra is in Silva's small office at Goldman Sachs with his deputy. The two are trying to persuade her to change her view about Goldman's conflicts policy.
"You have to come off the view that Goldman doesn't have any kind of conflict-of- interest policy," are the first words Silva says to her. Fed officials didn't believe her conclusion — that Goldman lacked a policy — was "credible."
Segarra tells him she has been writing bank compliance policies for a living since she graduated from law school in 1998. She has asked Goldman for the bank's policies, and what they provided did not comply with Fed guidance.
"I'm going to lose this entire case," Silva says, "because of your fixation on whether they do or don't have a policy. Why can't we just say they have basic pieces of a policy but they have to dramatically improve it?"
It's not like Goldman doesn't know what an adequate policy contains, she says. They have proper policies in other areas.
"But can't we say they have a policy?" Silva says, a question he asks repeatedly in various forms during the meeting.
Segarra offers to meet with anyone to go over the evidence collected from dozens of meetings and hundreds of documents. She says it's OK if higher-ups want to change her conclusions after she submits them.
But Silva says the lawyers at the Fed have determined Goldman has a policy. As a comparison, he brings up the Santander deal. He had thought the deal was improper, but the general counsel reined him.
"I lost the Santander transaction in large part because I insisted that it was fraudulent, which they insisted is patently absurd," Silva said, "and as a result of that, I didn't get taken seriously."
Now, the same thing was happening with conflicts, he said.
A week later, Silva called Segarra into a conference room and fired her. The New York Fed, he told Segarra, who was recording the conversation, had "lost confidence in [her] ability to not substitute [her] own judgment for everyone else's."
Producer Brian Reed of This American Life contributed reporting to this story. ProPublica intern Abbie Nehring contributed research.
ProPublica is a Pulitzer Prize-winning investigative newsroom.  Sign up for their newsletter .
More:

Billionaire  Bond King Quits Job Just Ahead Of Firingreddit
Bill Gross speaks during an alumni event hosted by UCLA Anderson School of Management in Beverly Hills Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg via Getty Images
One of the most powerful, and definitely the most eccentric, bond traders on the planet was moments away from being fired before announcing his resignation on Friday.
Bill Gross -- a billionaire money manager and infamous author of at least one cat obituary and a rapturous ode to the orgasmic pleasures of sneezing -- reportedly knew he was about to be fired from Pimco, the firm he co-founded and helped turn into the world's biggest manager of bond mutual funds.
Instead of taking severance and quietly walking away, Gross, known to some fanboys as the "bond king," resigned .
The New York Times reports that firm insiders were fed up with Gross's increasingly odd behavior.
In June, Gross appeared at a run-of-the-mill (read: boring) investor conference wearing sunglasses and wielding Justin Bieber analogies. That prompted one Wall Street Journal reporter to tweet:
Something weird is going on with Bill Gross
— Scott Patterson (@pattersonscott) June 19, 2014
Five Pimco executives threatened to quit if Gross didn't leave, CNBC reported on Friday.
In a statement, Pimco CEO Douglas Hodge said: “While we are grateful for everything Bill contributed to building our firm and delivering value to PIMCO’s clients, over the course of this year it became increasingly clear that the firm’s leadership and Bill have fundamental differences about how to take PIMCO forward.”
Gross, who helped grow Pimco into a fund that manages around $2 TRILLION dollars, announced that he would be moving on to Janus Capital, a much smaller investment firm (with less than $200 billion under management) based in Denver.
"At Janus, in a new Newport Beach office, a simpler yet still intense career lies ahead of me," Gross said in a statement .
The King had a rough year in 2014. His colleague, Mohamed El-Erian, resigned from his perch as Pimco CEO in January. The following month The Wall Street Journal published a bombshell story detailing tension between El-Erian and Gross, who were reportedly fighting with each other in front of other employees.
"I'm tired of cleaning up your s___," El-Erian reportedly told Gross, according to the WSJ report. Just this week, El-Erian revealed that part of the reason he left his powerful post was to spend more time with his daughter.
Also, Gross's cat Bob died .
Gross penned a loving ode to Bob -- but he put it in an April investor note , which some thought odd. Though, to be fair, he did consult with his cat on money matters:
"I often asked her about her recommendations for pet food stocks, and she frequently responded – one meow for “no,” two meows for a “you bet.” She was less certain about interest rates, but then it never hurt to ask," Gross wrote in in the note, simply titled, "Bob."
Gross also confessed to Pimco investors his illicit love of sneezing: "A sneeze is, to be candid, sort of half erotic, a release of pressure that feels oh so good either before or just after the Achoo!"
The news broke this week that the Securities and Exchange Commission was investigating whether Gross's firm had artificially inflated returns on a fund. Pimco told the WSJ it was cooperating with that probe.
Making matters worse, Pimco's returns have lagged the competition this year , and investors have been pulling out their money for months .
To be honest, Gross might seem perfectly sane to those outside the buttoned-up world of bond managers (well, to me, anyway): Writing about the undeniable pleasure of sneezing, or about how he doesn't own a cell phone because of how they are soul-crushing, seems not unreasonable.
But in the world of money management, I guess they snuffle sneezes in tissues and sob quietly into smartphones.
Correction: An earlier version of this story said Janus had less than $200 million under management. The correct figure is less than $200 billion.
More:

U.S. Economy Picks Up Steamreddit
The U.S. economy grew at a rate of 4.6 percent in the second quarter, according to gross domestic product numbers released Friday morning by the Bureau of Economic Analysis.
It represents the fastest rate of growth since the last three months of 2011 as companies increased investments and households spent more, Bloomberg reported.
The figure, up from 2.5 percent growth in the same period last year, was revised up from a previous estimate of 4.2 percent in August.
Spending on personal consumption increased 2.5 percent in the second quarter, up from 1.2 percent in the first. Durable goods, such as cars, homes and electronics jumped 14.1 percent, compared with an increase of 3.2 percent in the last quarter. Consumable goods, such as food and water, remained flat at 2.2 percent.
The outlier was services -- such as gym memberships or daycare -- which increased 0.9 percent, down from 1.3 percent in the first quarter.
More:

S&P has revised India`s credit outlook to stable; stay on short side27 September 2014
Saturday
One day gains in Nifty and Bank Nifty; market moves higher after S&P has revised India`s credit outlook to stable; stay on short side
Trend is down in Bank Nifty. Friday’s big gains give us an opportunity to add in our short position. CNX IT is consolidating at the top. A narrow trading range is now visible inside 11050 – 11250.
We have COPPER in METAL SECTION. We will discuss a trade in this instrument. We have FMCG in Sector Focus. Prices are consolidating inside a large range and trading very choppy. We should avoid buying in this sector. Stock in focus includes BHARATFORG, IBREALEST, IDEA and RECLTD. For each of these stocks, we analyses their technical picture; identify trades with stop loss and targets. At the end we will discuss GBP INR in Currency Tracker.
You are not a registered subscriber of Game Changers. To read the full report  
We believe that market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis
and it provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or
experienced, to make money. The trick is timely and reliable guidance. All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
Our Vision
To be able to identify and share concrete and consistent trading & investing opportunities in Financial Markets based on Solid Research & Reliable self-developed systems.
Our Belief
Market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis.
Market provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or experienced, to make money.
The trick is timely and reliable guidance.All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
The newsletter contains the market wisdom of Sudarshan Sukhani, India’s renowned and admired technical analyst.
It includes detailed stock, market analysis & recommendations.
We rely exclusively on Technical Analysis for our actual trading decisions.
Our Backbone: Charting software
It is critical to have the right charting software to take the right trades. We use the ‘Trend Analyzer’, a professional charting and analysis software that comes with state-of-the-art tools. It helps determine:
Trend, Momentum, Buy, Sell, Stop loss, Target points for stocks, futures, commodities, and NSE Currency trading.
Recognize consistent opportunities in:
Equities, Futures, Options, Metals, Currencies
“The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind.”
-Khalil Gibran
Chairman and Managing Director
s2analytics.com
Sudarshan Sukhani is one of India’s best known technical analysts. He is a Certified Financial Technician, a recognition given by the International Federation of Technical Analysts, USA and is also the President of The Association of Technical Analysts (ATA) of India.
He is a constant presence as a  market analyst  on moneycontrol.com, CNBC-TV18 and other prominent platforms . He is a qualified chartist and has conducted over fifty seminars on technical analysis. He is also the author of “Trading the Markets”, a top-selling book on actionable stock trading ideas.   A full time stock trader since 1993, Mr Sukhani’s research includes hundreds of books,courses& trading methods. In 1996, he was one of the first users of automated technical analysis in India, and continues to follow the path of systematic trading.
To get access to mailers on a real time basis on you mobile, log on to http://m.moneycontrol.com/gamechangers/
If you are not 100% satisfied with Sudarshan Sukhani, simply notify us within 7 days and the full subscription amount will be refunded. Even later if you change your mind, you will receive a pro-rated refund  for the remainder of your subscription term.
Mailer tariff

Vipin Dhyanis Creative ShowcaseClick here to read Vipin Dhyani’s Creative Showcase (PDF)
An IIMC-Delhi graduate from the 1998 batch, Vipin Dhyani, founder of advertising and film production firm Thoughtshop, has about 14 years of experience in the field.
He has worked with some top-notch ad agencies of India such as Rediffusion DY&R, Lowe, Grey Worldwide, Mudra and Everest Brand Solutions before he set up his company in 2009. The key brands he has worked on include Unilever’s Vim, Wheel, Parle (Krackjack, Monaco, Hide & Seek, Top, Kaccha Mango, Mango Bite, Smart Chips, Bourbon, Mustt Bite, Kreams, Festo), Paras (Krack cream, Itch Guard, Livon, D’Cold Total), Nirma (washing powder and salt), Bayer, Montex and Quick Heal Total Security.
Notable among the 100 and more TV ad films he has written and directed so far are Nirma’s ‘Tame the Dirt’ and Krackjack’s ‘Sweet bhi, Salty bhi’ campaigns where he showed the duality of characters, D-cold Total’s ‘Yaad rahega na’ campaign and Paras’ campaign for Recova anti-aging cream, ‘Abhi derr nahi huyi’.
(This article was published on September 25, 2014)
Related

Chart-topper takes the reins at Pimco© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d828c28a-45d1-11e4-ab10-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

UK grocers: only lovers left alive© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/8e735b80-44cf-11e4-9a5a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BlackBerry: high-hanging fruit© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/501ed468-459c-11e4-ab10-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Wage Theft  Costs Low-Income Workers Billionswage theft  costs low-income workers billions
How To Easily Save Money On eBay By Exploiting Spelling Errorsreddit
You may not believe this, but there are a lot of people on the Internet who are terribul spellers! For the nit-picky among us, it can be horribly annoying. But thanks to a web site that we just discovered, their misspellings can actually help save you some cash.
Say hello to FatFingers.com . The idea behind the website is relatively simple: help users easily search eBay for almost every conceivable misspelling of popular brands.
How would searching misspelled brand names save you cash? Theoretically, people who know how to spell correctly never see the misspelled items, which therefore receive less attention, fewer bids and perhaps lower final offers.
So for example, if you search for the brand "Adidas," the site will auto-generate an eBay search field that includes nearly all the ways someone could spell it wrong: Adidad, Adudas, Ididas, Adidis, Adidaas, Adiddas, Adiidas, Addidas, Adiads, Addias, Adida, Adids, Adias, Addas, Aidas.
The site has been around for some time, but the savings are timeless.
We tried it out, and lo and behold, found some pretty good deals.
The site works with most name brands.
Like this bad-ass black "Addidas" T for less than $5:
If you don't like that, maybe you'll like these sweet "Addias" wrestling shoes for, wait, how much? 1 cent.
Warning for the paranoid Facebook users among you: Facebook will find out that you thought those penny wrestling shoes were "sweet" and put them in your news feed almost immediately. If it happened to me, it can happen to you:
More:

Number of sidewalk cafs downtown nearly doubles in six yearsBy Jonathan O'Connell September 26 Follow @OConnellPostBiz
Sidewalk cafés are considered something of an indicator species for a healthy urban neighborhood . A bustling seating area on the sidewalk creates economic activity, provides a lively atmosphere that encourages walking and, in the best case scenarios, generates interactions between creative types that might lead to new collaborations or even businesses.
It’s why stakeholders in Crystal City are so excited about getting a new bar  that will utilize outdoor space.
By those standards, downtown D.C. is in fantastic shape. The Downtown Business Improvement District, an association of commercial property owners, released data showing that the number of sidewalk cafés have nearly doubled since 2009.
There are more sidewalk cafés of every size in downtown D.C. (Courtesy Downtown BID)
The highest concentrations are along K Street and Pennsylvania Avenue, which have a combined 70 cafés. Last year alone, the downtown area added 13 new outdoor establishments. Here’s a map of all 178 that are operating today, courtesy of the BID.
Follow Jonathan O’Connell on Twitter: @oconnellpostbiz
Jonathan O'Connell has covered land use and development in the Washington area for more than five years.

Ebola Is Not Just West Africas Crisisreddit
Our hearts go out to the people, governments and courageous healthcare workers in the three countries most devastated by the current Ebola outbreak: Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone. But our sympathies are not enough. The UN Secretary General has estimated it will cost USD $1 billion to combat the disease and the havoc it is wreaking across West Africa.
Let us be clear. This is not just a health crisis. The tragic death toll is compounded by the failure of weak state institutions that have buckled under the pressure, and have strained government service delivery. The economic impact is destabilising, ruining businesses, putting people out of work, and preventing families from putting food on tables. The combined humanitarian, social and economic stresses threaten peace and stability, and are unravelling many hard fought development gains of recent years.
This is an emergency of enormous scale, and we all have a moral obligation to stand shoulder to shoulder to ensure its swift conclusion. Especially, as we see time and again, it is the poorest and most vulnerable that are most at risk.
Timor-Leste has made a contribution of USD $1 million dollars in response to the UN Secretary General's appeal for the international community to help. We have done so as an act of Fragile-to-Fragile and South-South cooperation. Sierra Leone, Liberia and Guinea are fellow members of the g7+, a group of 20 fragile and conflict affected countries. We came together to support one another, and to advocate for reforms to the way the international community engages with us.
Our global response to this, the largest Ebola outbreak in history, must be twofold.
Firstly, we need the resources - money, people, equipment and expertise - to urgently curb the current outbreak, and treat those affected. Together, we must make every effort to help the people and governments swiftly get back on their feet. This includes immediately lifting all international travel bans, and restoring essential air and sea transport services.
Then let us stand together to support the necessary long-term development efforts that will help build resilience to future outbreaks of disease or other shocks. For this emergency serves as a stark reminder that all development shocks are amplified by existing vulnerabilities and development challenges.
Central to overcoming this will be a long-term commitment to support and build the capacity of the state to respond to the needs of its people. Capable and effective institutions are essential to ensure resilience in the face of development shocks, whether they manifest in the form of a health crisis, a financial crisis, the impacts of climate change, natural disasters, terrorism or the outbreak of conflict.
This is why Timor-Leste has advocated for the Post-2015 development agenda to include new sustainable development goals on promoting peaceful and inclusive societies and building effective and accountable institutions underpinned by the rule of law.
The nexus between peace and development is not new. It has been recognised in a number of international agreements, including the Millennium Declaration that gave rise to the Millennium Development Goals - the MDGs. What has been missing until now has been a means of implementing this principle through the international development framework. As we work towards replacing the MDGs next year, let us not miss this opportunity. For we know without peace there can be no sustainable development, and without development there can be no sustained peace.
In an increasingly complex and interconnected world, none of us can face our development challenges in isolation. The current Ebola crisis is not West Africa's problem alone. It is in all of our interests to take immediate action now, and to sustain our support into the future.
I call on all world leaders to contribute to the immediate task of helping our brothers and sisters in Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone.
Then let us shake off our collective complacency with the imbalances that shape our existing international development trajectory. Let us prevent future tragedies like this from occurring by equipping our governments and people with the necessary development means to promote healthy, safe, peaceful and prosperous populations.
This article is cross-posted on TheCommunity.com .
More:

Microsoft CEO  Satya Nadella meets KCRMicrosoft CEO, Satya Nadella meets KCR
Kurmanath K.V.
Hyderabad, Sept. 28,
Microsoft Chief Executive Officer Satya Nadella has met Telangana Chief Minister K Chandrasekhara Rao here on Sunday.
Satya Nadella, a student of the Hyderabad Public School (HPS), is the son of a former State bureaucrat Yugandhar. Though he came to Hyderabad several times while holding different responsibilities in the Redmond (US)-based IT giant, this is the first time for him after he assumed the CEO role.
“He is going to meet Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu too. But the appointment is not fixed yet,” an official of the AP Government said.
The AP Chief Minister will be in Visakhapatnam to launch a 20,000-sq ft incubation centre and to participate in a meeting of top executives representing various IT companies.
Satya would talk to the employees at the Microsoft India Development Centre at Gachibowli.
(This article was published on September 28, 2014)
Related

Man Behind $55 000 Potato Salad Kickstarter Throws Epic Potato PartyMan Behind $55,000 Potato Salad Kickstarter Throws Epic Potato Party
Posted:
Updated:
09/28/2014 11:59 pm EDT
TORONTO, ON - AUGUST 5  - American kickstarter celeb Zack 'Danger' Brown eats potato salad he made, August 5, 2014. Jack Astor' s brought Brown to Toronto to show him how to make potato salad.        (Andrew Francis Wallace/Toronto Star via Getty Images) | Andrew Francis Wallace via Getty Images
reddit
COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) — An Ohio man who raised $55,000 in a joking crowdfunding appeal to pay for his first attempt at making potato salad threw a huge public party Saturday that promised "peace, love and potato salad."
PotatoStock 2014 was held in downtown Columbus and featured bands, food trucks, beer vendors and, yes, plenty of potato salad. With more than 3,000 pounds of potatoes, the charity-minded party was open to people of all ages.
Zack Brown had jokingly sought $10 on Kickstarter in July to buy potato salad ingredients, but his mission drew global attention and earned tens of thousands of dollars.
The Idaho Potato Commission and corporate sponsors donated potato salad supplies for the party.
Brown is partnering with the Columbus Foundation to support charities that fight hunger and homelessness. The account started with $20,000 in post-campaign corporate donations and will grow after proceeds from PotatoStock are added.
"His fund will have potential way after this potato salad is forgotten," Lisa Jolley, the foundation's director of donors and development, told The Columbus Dispatch.
Brown told the newspaper that he intends to "do the most good that I can."
More:

PM Modi addresses NRIs at Madison Square GardenSep 29, 2014, 07.49 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
PM Modi addresses NRIs at Madison Square Garden
Prime Minister Narendra Modi addressed the NRIs at the Madison Square Garden. This is the first ever public address by an Indian PM in New York.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
PM Modi addresses NRIs at Madison Square Garden
Prime Minister Narendra Modi addressed the NRIs at the Madison Square Garden. This is the first ever public address by an Indian PM in New York.
Post your opinion here
10.40 pm: India has the capability to lead world from the front, says Modi
10.35 pm: India has got the potential to grow & prosper as a country, says Modi
10.30 pm: Democracy is one of India's greatest powers, says Narendra Modi
10.15 pm: India's biggest strength is its youth, says PM Modi
10.07 pm: The world admits that the 21st century belongs to Asia.
9.57 pm: Modi thanks NRIs for changing India's image abroad.
9.53 pm: Modi wishes a Happy Navaratri to all Indians listening to his speech.
9.35 pm: PM Modi to address NRIs at Madison Square Garden shortly.
9.30 pm: PM Modi at Madison Square Garden.
8.50 pm: Modi will be speaking from a huge rotating platform.
8.30 pm: First ever public address by an Indian PM in New York.
8.00 pm: Modi's speech expected to be one hour long
6.00 pm: Nearly 20,000 people line up to hear Modi's speech.
5.00 pm: Historic moment awaits Madison Square as Modi set to address Indian diaspora.
RELATED NEWS
READ MORE ON   Madison Square , Modi
ADS BY GOOGLE

Making a billion takes timeTweet
David Biagini/shutterstock.com
It takes time to make your billions. This was one of the key findings of the new Wealth-X and UBS Billionaire Census 2014 report, which says that over half of the world’s billionaire population falls into the age bracket of 55 to 74 years.
The Census of 2,325 billionaires worldwide indicates that 26.8 per cent of the billionaires fall into the 55-64 age group, while 25 per cent are aged 65 to 74. In contrast, just 1 per cent of the billionaires are below 35 years of age, while around a quarter of the number are between 35 and 54.
There’s also a large population of billionaires that is geriatric, with approximately a fifth of the global number aged above 75 years.
(This article was published on September 28, 2014)
Related

India and the art of riding two boatsIndia and the art of riding two boats
STANLY JOHNY
Tweet
It should play hard to get, as China and US seek to dominate the Asian stage. Both need India’s support
In his first television interview since taking office in May, Prime Minister Narendra Modi told CNN on September 21 that India has the diplomatic bandwidth to accommodate both the US and China.
The statement could not have been better timed. Chinese President Xi Jinping only recently concluded his three-day India visit, while Modi’s US tour has just begun. Modi said India doesn’t see rising China as a threat, and added that “India and the US are bound together, by history and by culture. These ties will deepen further”.
The Government seems to be preparing a roadmap for bilateral engagements with great powers based on mutual benefits, and trade and economic cooperation, while keeping itself away from geopolitical power games.
Earlier this month, the Prime Minister had visited Japan and signed agreements to deepen economic and defence ties. Economic cooperation was a major theme during Xi’s India visit as well, and is high on the agenda during Modi’s five-day US trip. From an economic point of view, relations with both China and the US — India’s largest and second largest trade partners — are equally vital, while Japan is a major investor in India’s infrastructure sector.
This multidirectional diplomacy driven by economic interests seems to be paying off, at least for now, with key global leaders showing keenness to win over India’s new leader.
During Modi’s visit to Japan, Prime Minister Shinzo Abe offered to invest $35 billion in India over five years, speed up talks on civil nuclear deals, and step up bilateral maritime security cooperation. The Japanese Prime Minister travelled from the capital Tokyo to the historic city of Kyoto to personally welcome his Indian counterpart, indicating the importance his government gives to the visit.
During Xi’s India visit, both sides signed 15 agreements in the fields of trade, finance and culture. The Chinese leader has offered $20 billion investment in India over the next five years. This is a significant amount given that India received just $400 million, or 0.18 per cent of its foreign investment inflow, from Chinese companies in the last 14 years. China has also offered to back India for full membership in the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation, a group of Asian nations formed after the collapse of the Soviet Union, and support India’s “aspiration to play bigger role… including in the UN Security Council”.
Likewise, the US is also keen to strengthen ties with India. Secretary of State John Kerry and Secretary of Defence Chuck Hagel had visited India recently to try and woo Modi by promising improved economic and strategic ties.
Why this sudden love for India? The answer lies in the evolving Asian power game.
Geopolitics of Asia
According to the Asian Development Bank, trade between Asian countries accounted for 50 per cent of their total trade in 2013, up from 30 per cent in 1985. Asia’s developing economies’ share in the global GDP is expected to reach 22.2 per cent in 2017 from 19.9 per cent in 2012, according to the IMF.
The clear winner of this march is China, the world’s second largest economy which is on its way to displace the US to become the largest. But with China flexing its political and economic muscle, its traditional rivals and the small powers are coming together against an ambitious Beijing.
This has split Asia into two camps — China on the one side and Japan and other countries such as South Korea and the Philippines backed by the US on the other. While the US-Japan bloc wants to contain the rise of China, Beijing seeks to prevent the further strengthening of this alliance. Both sides want powerful allies. This new geopolitical power game makes India, as Time magazine’s Michael Schuman noted, “a key wild card”.
The Chinese look at India as a “swing state” and it doesn’t want New Delhi to swing to the other side. The US sees India as a “natural ally” but wants it to play a greater role in its Asian agenda. Shinzo Abe seeks to forge a “democratic security diamond” with the US, Australia and India.
India’s options
India should play its cards carefully. With the tensions between China and the US rising, the pressure on India will also mount. Realists will argue that India should join the US-Japan alliance, given the bitter experiences it had with China in the past. This is, however, a dangerous proposition. Getting sucked into a global conflict in its own backyard is the last thing India needs now, at a time when the country is focused on solving its own economic problems.
The focus should be on economic cooperation with multiple powers and peace and stability in Asia, not on joining any kind of “democratic security diamond”. Such a multilateral approach will give India more space for diplomatic manoeuvring in international politics, and help it address its own problems in the neighbourhood such the border dispute with China. India should set its long-term foreign policy agendaon the basis of its necessities.
(This article was published on September 28, 2014)
Related

Osborne pins UK recovery hopes on NorthGeorge Osborne pins UK’s hopes of economic recovery on the North
By Andrew Bounds, North of England correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/229e2cf8-4567-11e4-ab86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Instagram blocked in China amid protestsInstagram blocked in China as protests sweep Hong Kong
By Charles Riley   @CRrileyCNN September 29, 2014: 3:58 AM ET
 
Instagram blocked in China
HONG KONG (CNNMoney)
Chinese censors appear to have blocked access to Instagram after images of pro-democracy protesters in Hong Kong flooded the social media app.
Users in Hong Kong had been uploading images that showed massive pro-democracy protests , and a forceful response from police that included using tear gas and pepper spray on the crowds.
Talk of the protests had been blocked on other social media in China -- and censors widened their crackdown on Sunday to include the photo-sharing service owned by Facebook.
Instagram had been one of the few non-Chinese social media apps still accessible in the mainland, but observers had long speculated that the app's days were numbered in China.
Photos: Police use tear gas as 'Occupy' comes to Hong Kong
Facebook ( FB , Tech30 ), YouTube and Twitter ( TWTR , Tech30 ) are all blocked in China, and Google ( GOOG ) has fought a running battle with authorities over censorship for years.
Instagram representatives did not immediately respond for comment, but data from monitoring services blockedinchina.net and GreatFire.org showed the app is blocked.
Even on Weibo, the Chinese equivalent of Twitter, a search for "Instagram" was not permitted. "In accordance with relevant laws, regulations and policies, search results of 'Instagram' could not be displayed," the service said.
Instagram will remain accessible in Hong Kong, which is beyond the reach of Beijing's censors.
-- CNN's Zhang Dayu contributed reporting.
First Published: September 29, 2014: 3:50 AM ET
Most Popular

17 Illinoisans make list of richest people in America17 Illinoisans make list of richest people in America
Top 5 richest Illinoisans
Chicago Tribune business columnist Melissa Harris discusses the richest billionaires of Illinois and their financial endeavors.
Chicago Tribune business columnist Melissa Harris discusses the richest billionaires of Illinois and their financial endeavors.
Tribune report
Hedge fund billionaire in contentious divorce battle is wealthiest man in Illinois
Forbes 400 includes 17 in Illinois including 4 women and 5 members of the Pritzker family.
Seventeen Illinoisans have made the latest Forbes 400 list of the nation's richest people.
The list, released Monday, includes four Illinois women and five members of Chicago's Pritzker family.
Hedge fund billionaire Ken Griffin retained his title as the state's richest man, jumping 13 spots on the list to No. 91. Griffin, who is in the midst of contentious divorce battle with wife Anne Dias Griffin, has a net worth of $5.5 billion. No other person in Illinois made the list's top 100.
Caption Eric Lefkofsky, $1.55 billion
Brian Cassella, Chicago Tribune
Eric Lefkofsky is co-founder and CEO of Groupon. He is the 17th richest man in Illinois and is No. 395 in the U.S.
Eric Lefkofsky is co-founder and CEO of Groupon. He is the 17th richest man in Illinois and is No. 395 in the U.S. (Brian Cassella, Chicago Tribune)
Caption Mark Walter, $1.75 billion
Francine Orr / Los Angeles Times
Mark Walter, 53, is the founder and CEO of Guggenheim Partners. He's the 16th richest person in Illinois and ranks 365th in the U.S. overall.
Mark Walter, 53, is the founder and CEO of Guggenheim Partners. He's the 16th richest person in Illinois and ranks 365th in the U.S. overall. (Francine Orr / Los Angeles Times)
Caption Jennifer Prtizker, $1.8 billion
Yvette Dostatni / Chicago Tribune
Jennifer Pritzker, the world's only known transgender billionaire, is the 15th richest person in Illinois and No. 353 in the U.S.
Jennifer Pritzker, the world's only known transgender billionaire, is the 15th richest person in Illinois and No. 353 in the U.S. (Yvette Dostatni / Chicago Tribune)
Caption Joe Mansueto, $2 billion
Chris Walker, Chicago Tribune
Joe Mansueto, 58, CEO of investment research firm Morningstar Inc., is the 324th richest person in America and the 14th richest in Illinois.
Joe Mansueto, 58, CEO of investment research firm Morningstar Inc., is the 324th richest person in America and the 14th richest in Illinois. (Chris Walker, Chicago Tribune)
Caption Joe Grendys, CEO of Koch Foods.
Phil Velasquez, Chicago Tribune
Joe Grendys, CEO of Koch Foods, is the 281st richest person in America.
Joe Grendys, CEO of Koch Foods, is the 281st richest person in America. (Phil Velasquez, Chicago Tribune)
See more galleries
Sam Zell, 73, who made his fortune in real estate and private equity, ranked No. 2 in the state and 104th overall. His net worth is $4.8 billion.
J. Christopher Reyes and Jude Reyes, brothers who run a beer and food distribution company, were ranked next in the state. Rounding out the top 5 in Illinois was Thomas Pritzker, the only member of the family that's still involved in the business it is most famous for, the Hyatt hotel chain. He is executive chairman of the company's board.

PowerYourTrade subscription rates to go up by 30% from Oct 1PowerYourTrade Offers to You
Power Calls
Get trading calls from experts and brokers on SMS before markets open and on a real-time basis with trading ranges, exit and entry points, breakout signals and more.
Multi Baggers
Our experts panel will help you to get you those life-changing stocks, tomorrow's bluechips today. Find hidden gems that will gain steadily, and safely here.
Commodity Calls
Get commodity calls from experts and brokers on SMS before markets open and on a real-time basis with trading ranges, exit and entry points, breakout signals and more.
Heard on the Street
Our correspondents bring news to your computer screens and mobile phones. Get the buzz here before anyone hears of it.
Stock Signs
Our Research department tracks the market through the hours to unearth stocks poised to move.
Market Outlook
Read where the experts see the market levels moving in the near term.
© 2014 PowerYourTrade.com India. All Rights Reserved.
A Web18 Venture.

Journey to Mars was cheaper than auto ride: ModiPTI Prime Minister Narendra Modi gestures while addressing the audience during a reception organised in his honour by the Indian American Community Foundation at Madison Square Garden in New York on Sunday.
New York, Sept 28:  
Prime Minister Narendra Modi today used the metaphor of cost of travel by auto in Ahmedabad to the expenditure incurred in the landmark Mars Orbiter Mission which India accomplished in the very first attempt.
“A one-km auto rickshaw ride in Ahmedabad takes Rs 10 and India reached Mars at Rs 10 per km which is really amazing,” the Prime Minister said while talking about India’s talent pool and potential to become one of the top most countries in the world.
The Prime Minister said a cost of Rs 7 was incurred per kilometre in covering the 650 million km distance to Mars by the unmanned spacecraft.
“Everything about Mangalyaan is indigenous. We reached Mars at a smaller budget than a Hollywood movie,” he said adding “India is the only country to reach Mars on its first attempt. If this is not talent, then what is?”
India had on September 24 created space history by successfully placing its low-cost Mars spacecraft in orbit around the Red Planet in its very first attempt, catapulting the country into an elite club of three nations.
At just US $ 74 million, the mission costed less than the estimated 100 million US dollar budgeted.
India’s MOM is the cheapest inter-planetary mission, costing a tenth of NASA’s Mars mission Maven that entered the Martian orbit on September 22.
With the success of “Mangalyaan”, India became the first country to go to Mars in the very first try. European, American and Russian probes have managed to orbit or land on the planet, but after several attempts.
Modi had witnessed the operation along with the space scientists in ISRO headquarter in Bangalore.
(This article was published on September 29, 2014)
Related

I have not taken a vacation even for 15 minutes: PMPrime Minister Narendra Modi speaking at Madison Square Garden in New York, during his visit to the United States, on Sunday. Photo: Reuters
New York, Sept 29:  
Expressing a strong resolve to make development a mass movement in India and put every effort to take the country to new heights, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today said that he has not taken a vacation even for 15 minutes since he assumed the high office in May.
“I have not taken a vacation even for 15 minutes since taking office,” the Prime Minister said addressing some 20,000 cheering crowd at the Madison Square Garden here.
In his 75-minute-long speech, Modi said India has huge talent and the country has the potential to lead the world in the 21st Century.
“The 21st Century will be that of India. By 2020, only India will be in a position to provide workforce to the world,” he said.
“Today India is the most youthful nation of this world.
Today 65 per cent population of the country are below the age of 35 years. What more asset a nation requires whose 65 per cent population is below 35 years of age,” he said.
The Prime Minister said he was determined to make development a mass movement and affirmed that India will move ahead at a rapid pace.
“A nation, whose youths are committed to make the future of the country, will not have to look behind. This country is going to progress with the support of the youths,” he said as the crowd continuously cheered him.
Listing out India’s advantages, the Prime Minister said that its three strengths were democracy, demographic dividend in which 65 per cent of its population was under 35 years, and the demand for India because it was a huge market.
(This article was published on September 29, 2014)
Related

Finland under pressure over N-plant planLast updated: September 29, 2014 7:36 pm
Row deepens over Finland’s nuclear plant
By David Crouch in Gothenburg and Peter Spiegel in Brussels
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b659d358-47a5-11e4-ac9f-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hong Kong protests: Social media reaction© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2a407694-47c1-11e4-be7b-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Federalism fit for a kingdomSeptember 29, 2014 11:51 am
Federalism fit for a kingdom
By Quentin Peel
A system that works for America and for Germany would for Britain, writes Quentin Peel
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/77b50e90-4577-11e4-9b71-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Jan Dhan bank accounts cross 5 crore-markJan Dhan bank accounts cross 5 crore-mark, banks collect over Rs 3500 crore
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 29, 2014  | 16:47 IST
The average deposit per account through the scheme is Rs 800-900, Financial Services Secretary GS Sandhu said. (Photo: Reuters)
Banks have opened a whopping five crore accounts under the Jan Dhan Yojana till September 25 and collected over Rs 3,500 crore in deposits, a top Finance Ministry official said in Mumbai on Monday.
The banking system, with state-run banks taking the lead, has opened over 5 crore accounts under the Jan Dhan Yojana as of September 25 and the deposits collected through the scheme have crossed Rs 3,500 crore, Financial Services Secretary GS Sandhu told the annual meeting of the Indo-American Chamber.
The average deposit per account through the scheme is Rs 800-900, he said.
Giving a major push to the Aadhaar scheme, Sandhu said, all these accounts will be seeded to the Aadhaar number and will have biometrics to avoid duplication.
The Jan Dhan Yojana was announced by Prime Minister Narendra Modi during his maiden Independence Day address and was formally launched on August 28.
On the inagural day itself, banks had opened over 1.5 crore accounts.
The government has set a target to open 7.5 crore such no-frills accounts by Republic Day 2015.
Each of these accounts comes with an overdraft facility of Rs 5,000 and an accident cover worth Rs 1 lakh, and are linked only to the RuPay debit cards .

chief market analystExpert
rajatbose.com
Rajat K Bose is a well known technical analyst in Indian equity market. While he is better known for his technical analysis, he also does fundamental analysis and is a keen student of financial and capital market history. He has been studying markets and companies for more than fifteen years. He has appeared on several Indian channels like NDTV-24x7, NDTV Profit, Zee Business, Sahara Samay, CNBC TV18, Bloomberg TV, ET Now and several other regional language TV channels. He has also written for The Economic Times, Kolkata edition and The Statesman, Kolkata. He used to regularly contributes poweryourtrade.com with daily calls and also writes articles on market outlook in www.moneycontrol.com . He has conducted technical workshops at various places including Vinod Gupta School of Management, IIT Kharagpur. He has also taught in the MBA Finance programs in Calcutta University and National Institute of Management Calcutta.
ABOUT Rajat Bose
Rajat K Bose is a well known technical analyst in Indian equity market. While he is better known for his technical analysis, he also does fundamental analysis and is a keen student of financial and capital market history. He has been studying markets and companies for more than fifteen years. He has appeared on several Indian channels like NDTV-24x7, NDTV Profit, Zee Business, Sahara Samay, CNBC TV18, Bloomberg TV, ET Now and several other regional language TV channels. He has also written fo...

BSE Sensex edges lower; ICICI Bank  other rate-sensitives fall  ahead of RBI policyE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Yahoo: nothing to celebrate© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/21c35af4-45a0-11e4-ab10-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

How to stay on point with target-date fundsBy Jonnelle Marte September 29 Follow @jonnelle
(iStock)
They are supposed to be the “set-it-and-forget-it” vehicle for retirement investors who don’t know how to — or just don’t want to — micromanage their money.
Many investors have a general understanding of how the funds work and that they typically reduce a portfolio’s equity exposure and increasing allocation to bonds and cash as a person gets older. But as anyone who had plans to retire in 2008 can attest, assessing the risks of using the funds can be a little trickier.
“Those people thought they were being defaulted into something safe. Then they lost a third or a fourth of their assets in one year,” says Ron Surz, chief executive of Target Date Solutions, which designs target date funds. “That’s not safe.”
During that crash, the main risk was the stock market. Today with stocks at new highs and bond yields hovering near record lows, investors have more than stock losses to worry about: What they’ve long viewed to be the safer part of their portfolio, the bonds, may soon start to show more volatility than they have in the past three decades.
As employers, fund providers and others look for ways to simplify the process of saving for retirement, target-date funds are often part of the solution. But if you’re not using the funds as intended, they could add unnecessary risk to your portfolio.
Some other things to be aware of:
You might own one and not even know it. 
Target-date funds are designed for people who don’t have the time or energy to manage their retirement savings. Since the Pension Protection Act of 2006, which allowed companies to automatically enroll employees in a workplace savings plan, the big driver of money into target date funds is from employers enrolling workers into them.
That means workers who haven’t put much thought into what’s going on in their 401(k)s probably own one. Target-date funds are the No. 1 choice for employers defaulting their workers into retirement accounts: 85 percent used them last year, up from 78 percent in 2011 and 50 percent in 2007, according to Aon Hewitt, a human resources consulting firm. “You need to know what you’re being defaulted into,” Surz says. “I don’t think most people do.”
It’s easy to see why the funds are a popular option for employers who want to make retirement saving easy. Target-date funds are set up to automatically reduce an investor’s risk as he approaches retirement. When left to their own devices, many investors may not put in the work needed to rebalance and adjust their allocations over time.
But allocation decisions should be based on more than just time, they should also factor in goals and an appetite for risk, says Scott Holsopple, a managing director at the Mutual Fund Store, investment advisers focused on retirement planning. As a result, some target-date fund investors may find themselves investing too aggressively — or not aggressively enough. “A one-size-fits-all solution sounds good,” he says, “but sometimes it’s too good to be true.”
If you’re going to use them, it should be all or nothing.
The rule has been deeply ingrained in investors: Putting all of their money into one fund is a bad idea. But that goes out the window with target-date funds, which invest in a mix of asset classes — such as stocks, bonds and alternative assets — typically by using several mutual funds. That means people who put some of their money in target-date funds and some of it elsewhere may be getting too much exposure, or not enough, to certain asset classes, says Rob Austin, director of retirement research at Aon Hewitt.
Also people may not be using the funds as intended: Last year, 65.8 percent of 401(k) participants used pre-mixed portfolios such as target-date funds, but of those savers, only half had all of their money invested in the funds, according to Aon Hewitt. Among partial target-date fund users analyzed by Aon Hewitt and Financial Engines, an investment adviser, about a third of investors had too much risk, when comparing their actual stock allocations to that in their target-date funds, and another third had too little risk.
“People have heard for years, don’t put your eggs in one basket,” Holsopple says. “So they put a little bit of the money in a target-date fund and a little bit somewhere else and that is not how you are supposed to use them.”
Older savers are more likely to hold other funds in addition a target-date fund, says Mathew Jensen, director of target date strategies at Fidelity Investments. That could be because younger investors are defaulted into a target-date fund after starting a job or it could be that savers decided to take a more active role after amassing more in savings, he says.
That mistake is particularly worrisome when people invest outside their target-date funds because they want to buy into stocks or assets that did well the previous year and may be overpriced, Austin says. Another mistake is to use outside money to buy company stock, which may seem appealing but could up the risk in a retirement portfolio by making its performance more vulnerable to the fate of a single company. It can also leave investors holding more stocks than they intended, if they don’t take into account the portion of target-date fund that is invested in equities.
Austin says investors should become familiar with the current allocation for their target-date fund, and how that is expected to change over time, before making other investments with retirement savings. Holsopple says people who want to take a more active role in managing their retirement savings may be better off creating their own portfolio out of mutual funds and exchange-traded funds if they make a point to rebalance regularly.
Even the safe part of the portfolio has risk.
Target-date funds are designed to ratchet down risk as investors approach retirement, largely by reducing the allocation to stocks and upping the portion of the portfolio invested in bonds. But some investors are worried that even the safe part of the portfolio could be due for a shakeup.
After decades of declining bond yields, some say that bond yields are so low today that they have nowhere to go but up. The Federal Reserve, which has set short-term rates near zero, could increase those rates as early as next year. And because of how bond pricing works — bond prices decline when bond yields increase, and vice versa — that means bond investors could see losses when the market shifts.
Some fund managers are mitigating that risk by using short-term bonds, which should not drop in price as much as long-term bonds would if interest rates increase. Jensen of Fidelity says the firm uses a diverse bond portfolio that holds floating rate notes, which invest in adjustable rate notes, emerging market debt and high-yield bonds. Robert Reynolds, the chief executive of Putnam Investments, says that Putnam’s use of absolute return strategies, funds that aim to bring in a targeted level of returns at low volatility, helps reduce volatility in its target date funds.
Of course, even if bond values drop, price changes probably won’t be as dramatic as the losses investors could see in the stock market. And managers say the diverse nature of the funds alone can help them offset any losses the funds incur with bonds. For example, the Barclays U.S. Aggregate Bond Index fell 2 percent last year, but the Standard & Poor’s 500 stock index gained more than 30 percent, helping the target-date funds coming due between 2016 and 2020 to notch in an overall gain of about 12 percent, according to Morningstar.
Two people retiring on the same day can have very different portfolios.
Most target-date funds work the same in that they invest in a variety of asset classes and reduce risk as a person approaches retirement. But fund providers are divided over whether the funds are intended to bring savers to retirement or through it. That means two target-date fund investors planning to retire in the same year could find themselves with wildly different portfolios.
Generally speaking, fund providers that work on bringing people “to” retirement will notch down the risk more quickly than “through” funds that aim to have the savings grow even once the person is retired. But the takeaway for retirement savers is to be sure to use a fund that will leave you with a risk level you can stomach on the day you stop working.
Fidelity Investments, which is in the “through” camp, brings the allocation to domestic and international stocks down to about 60 percent of the portfolio at the retirement date. Vanguard Group is also in the “through” camp, but its target-date funds are only 50 percent invested in stocks in the year when an investor is expected to turn 65. And Blackrock, which is in the “to” group, has a target equity allocation of 40 percent at the retirement date.
Whether those allocations are too risky — or not risky enough — is a question for which the answer will change investor by investor. That’s why it’s important for people to know where their target-date fund will be on the day they retire, says Michael Kitces, director of research for Pinnacle Advisory Group. “If you are unhealthy and only planning to enjoy a 15-year retirement, you probably don’t need something that’s got 65 percent in stocks,” Kitces says. “If you have parents who are in their 90s, you probably don’t want something that is 20 percent in stocks.”
Catherine Gordon, a principal in Vanguard’s Investment Strategy Group, says the firm’s target-date funds work to get people through the early years of retirement, when some may decide to keep working full time or to take on part-time work. “People aren’t drawing down their retirement accounts from day one where they walk off the job,” Gordon says, adding that many people wait until they’re age 70 ½ and are required to take distributions by law. But someone planning to draw down savings on day one might be more comfortable with a more conservative fund.
And they probably got there in vastly different ways.
All target-date funds work to reduce equity allocations for investors as they get older, but just how they decide to change that exposure can vary greatly depending on the fund. Some funds will reduce stock holdings by certain amounts at specific intervals, while others are more gradual about the change. Another way to think about it: Some will start decreasing stock exposure long before retirement, while others wait until a person is closer to it.
Investors may be more comfortable with more risk if it means they might see greater returns, Kitces says, while others would prefer a safer approach.
After learning more about how the funds work, investors who are unhappy with the risk levels in their target-date funds may be able to switch to another fund — but some plans may limit them to funds from the same family. In that case, Kitces says, those who want to take more risk may need to switch to a target-date fund with a later retirement date and those who want to be more conservative may want to switch to a fund with an earlier one.
Read more:

Nifty has resistance around 8050: Sukhani29 September 2014
Monday
Nifty and Bank Nifty traded choppy and in a narrow range; CNX IT has seen a big up move made new life time highs
The NIFTY did nothing today and closes near the Friday Close. Our view is still on downside with a stop just above 8050 on closing basis. Trend is down in Bank Nifty. Prices traded choppy & narrow and closes lower. CNX IT has seen a breakout from its trading range. We need a follow through on upside. This follow through may confirm this breakout.
We have NICKEL in METAL SECTION. Trend is down in this instrument and we will discuss the important support and resistance level for this instrument. We have CONSTRUCTION in Sector Focus. Prices are making a bearish pattern of lower highs and lower lows. We should look for a shorting opportunity in this sector. Stock in focus includes GLENMARK, POWERGRID, SSLT and YESBANK. For each of these stocks, we analyses their technical picture; identify trades with stop loss and targets. At the end we will discuss USD INR in Currency Tracker.
You are not a registered subscriber of Game Changers. To read the full report  
We believe that market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis
and it provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or
experienced, to make money. The trick is timely and reliable guidance. All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
Our Vision
To be able to identify and share concrete and consistent trading & investing opportunities in Financial Markets based on Solid Research & Reliable self-developed systems.
Our Belief
Market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis.
Market provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or experienced, to make money.
The trick is timely and reliable guidance.All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
The newsletter contains the market wisdom of Sudarshan Sukhani, India’s renowned and admired technical analyst.
It includes detailed stock, market analysis & recommendations.
We rely exclusively on Technical Analysis for our actual trading decisions.
Our Backbone: Charting software
It is critical to have the right charting software to take the right trades. We use the ‘Trend Analyzer’, a professional charting and analysis software that comes with state-of-the-art tools. It helps determine:
Trend, Momentum, Buy, Sell, Stop loss, Target points for stocks, futures, commodities, and NSE Currency trading.
Recognize consistent opportunities in:
Equities, Futures, Options, Metals, Currencies
“The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind.”
-Khalil Gibran
Chairman and Managing Director
s2analytics.com
Sudarshan Sukhani is one of India’s best known technical analysts. He is a Certified Financial Technician, a recognition given by the International Federation of Technical Analysts, USA and is also the President of The Association of Technical Analysts (ATA) of India.
He is a constant presence as a  market analyst  on moneycontrol.com, CNBC-TV18 and other prominent platforms . He is a qualified chartist and has conducted over fifty seminars on technical analysis. He is also the author of “Trading the Markets”, a top-selling book on actionable stock trading ideas.   A full time stock trader since 1993, Mr Sukhani’s research includes hundreds of books,courses& trading methods. In 1996, he was one of the first users of automated technical analysis in India, and continues to follow the path of systematic trading.
To get access to mailers on a real time basis on you mobile, log on to http://m.moneycontrol.com/gamechangers/
If you are not 100% satisfied with Sudarshan Sukhani, simply notify us within 7 days and the full subscription amount will be refunded. Even later if you change your mind, you will receive a pro-rated refund  for the remainder of your subscription term.
Mailer tariff

Expect rupee to trade with a positive bias for a near term target of 60.90: Hemal DoshiMarkets
Expect rupee to trade with a positive bias for a near term target of 60.90: Hemal Doshi
| Published:  Sep 29 2014, 17:40  IST
Sep 29 2014, 17:40  IST
 

Narendra Modi effect: Cox & Kings  Thomas Cook shares soar on slew of visa sopsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Osborne sets out plans to cut welfareOsborne sets out plans to curb welfare bill
By George Parker and Jim Pickard in Birmingham
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e4851b66-47af-11e4-be7b-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Chicago accelerator bets on startups from TurkeyChicago accelerator bets on startups from Turkey
Serhat Cicekoglu
@scicekoglu / Twitter / Blue Sky illustration
Serhat Cicekoglu, founder of Sente Advisory Services
Serhat Cicekoglu, founder of Sente Advisory Services (@scicekoglu / Twitter / Blue Sky illustration)
Business Finance University of Chicago Loyola University Chicago
Turkish entrepreneurs have talent, skills and ideas -- but no VCs
India and China may get a lot of attention for their potential to produce startups, but a group led by a Chicago transplant is betting on Turkey.
Chicago-based accelerator Sente Advisory Services works with Turkish “technoparks,” university-run hubs for startup development, to refine promising new companies and introduce them to the U.S. market.
Founder and Turkey native Serhat Cicekoglu said his 12-week program aims to give Turkish entrepreneurs a shot at getting growth equity funding in the U.S.
The 1871 co-working center announced Tuesday the creation an education-technology incubator through a partnership with Downers Grove-based DeVry Education Group. ( John Carpenter )
“If we can prepare them here to do business development, then we can fund their growth here, which allows them to open shop here, hire here and basically test their assumptions in this market,” said Cicekoglu, who is also the director of the Center for Risk Management at Loyola University’s Quinlan School of Business.
Sente is a for-profit advisory services group that makes money by charging universities who want to put the startups they support through its accelerator. It also provides business development services to larger Turkish corporations looking to make inroads into the U.S. market. 
On Sept. 18, Sente hosted its first demo day at 1871, the culmination of a program subsidized by and in partnership with the Teknojumpp Acceleration Program, a leading technopark run by Middle East Technical University in Ankara.
8
Members of the Sente accelerator program spend the first six weeks in Turkey developing their pitches and participating in a demo day that narrows their group from 20 to eight. The winners of that round take two weeks to create a plan for acquiring customers and partners in the U.S. Finally, they spend four weeks working out of 1871.
In total, 16 Turkish startups have pitched at 1871 through this program, although last year’s demo day took place at the University of Chicago. This is the first year Sente partnered with 1871 to give them more access to mentors and resources.
0
Cicekoglu said startups are judged on four criteria for the program, which in many cases exposes the Turkish entrepreneurs to the U.S. for the first time. Those are: the ability to speak English, a full-time commitment to the startup, the pursuit of a solution for a global problem and readiness to sell.
“We don’t want an early-stage, PowerPoint idea,” Cicekoglu said.
The most recent Turkish cohort included companies such as Ebrosur, a digital solution for distributing coupons and circulars, and Reengen, whose software analytics platform manages energy efficient buildings and utilities. 
Engineering talent is abundant in Turkey, Cicekoglu said, but venture capital is not. For a country whose GDP topped $820 billion in 2013, Cicekoglu said that is a problem.
Cicekoglu is raising a $100 million fund with limited partners from the U.S. and Turkey for investing in select companies who go through the Sente program. While drawing Turkish talent here could give investors and the local community exposure to new ideas and opportunities, Cicekoglu said there are risks in building a fund for an emerging market.
First, the country may not produce enough startups to make investing there worthwhile. Cicekoglu hopes that the Sente accelerator will create a pipeline for supporting fledgling startups. Then there’s the question of market fluctuation in emerging nations, which Cicekoglu said moving companies to the U.S. would mitigate.
The third major risk, Cicekoglu said, would be investing in companies too early. Since the Turkish government provides incentives and funding for seed-stage companies, Cicekoglu said Sente’s model of connecting growth-stage companies to financing in the U.S. is a safer bet.
The idea for a Turkey-focused accelerator and fund came to Cicekoglu while he was a student at the University of Chicago's Booth School of Business. His professor at the time, Scott Meadow, clinical professor of entrepreneurship, said competition for investing in Turkish startups is low, making this the right opportunity for Cicekoglu and his team.
While Cicekoglu said it’s his goal to help establish the Turkish companies here in Chicago, Meadow said taking them all away from their home country may not benefit all parties. It may be appropriate for some companies, though, he said.
The visiting entrepreneurs live in apartments in Bucktown and Rogers Park and work alongside entrepreneurs in 1871, Cicekoglu said. By putting them in that environment, they get to understand how to live and work in a big American city, and it also serves as a reality check.
“They realize their idea might be fantastic for them, but it’s one of the 250 that’s in there, so it’s not as unique when you are part of a group like that,” Cicekoglu said.
In the future, Cicekoglu hopes to bring Turkish startups to Chicago with more frequency, up to 24 a year. If the model works, he said, he would consider expanding to other countries. While no formal plans are in place for such an extension, Cicekoglu said he has ties to Saudi Arabia, Chile and Canada.

Three things that don t matter for a successful mentor relationshipThree things that don't matter for a successful mentor relationship
Mentors
michaeljung / Getty Images/iStockphoto
Bert Gervais believes you should look beyond race and gender in your mentor/mentee relationships.
Bert Gervais believes you should look beyond race and gender in your mentor/mentee relationships. (michaeljung / Getty Images/iStockphoto)
By Bert Gervais, Young Entrepreneur Council, Tribune Content Agency
Minority Groups Immigration Loyola Marymount University
Twice a year, a 70-year-old Italian immigrant-turned-millionaire CEO walks into Cortese's restaurant in Binghamton with his 20-something Haitian mentee and orders the same exact dinner: baked salmon, pork chops, Caesar salad with Italian crumbly cheese and a side of gnocchi. While this scene sounds straight out of the movie “Finding Forrester,” it's just a typical dinner with my long-standing mentor, Angelo Mastrangelo.
Those dinners, and our fruitful mentorship (he helped me to sell an Internet startup after college and become the East Coast Entrepreneur of the Year in 2007), led me to delve deep into the importance of race, age and gender in mentorships. Namely, should these qualities matter at all? The answer isn't as straightforward as you might think.
Here are three reasons I believe you should look beyond race and gender in your mentor/mentee relationship.
8
Avoid blind spots
Let's be honest: when looking for a mentor , it's hard to overlook our tendency to orbit toward people who look like us in regards to race, age and gender.
Is this a bad thing? “It depends,” says Ellen Ensher, Ph.D. Ensher is professor of management at Loyola Marymount University and co-author of Power Mentoring: How Mentors and Protégés Get the Most Out of Their Relationships. “While there are clear benefits to having someone in your corner who empathizes with you, there are some risks.”
When you only seek mentorship from entrepreneurs who share your world view, you run the risk of developing blind spots for how the outside world views you.
0
Take Zoe Damacela, 22. A Northwestern University senior and fashion entrepreneur who was part of President Obama's “Startup America” Initiative, she made clear that being a daughter of a single mom makes her more comfortable with women as mentors. But, she adds, “I try to push myself beyond my comfort zone and get a male perspective, especially in fashion, where perception is everything.”
Shradha Agarwal, co-founder and Chief Strategy Officer of ContextMedia , put it this way: “Women mentors are really great at helping build confidence, teaching communication skills, and training on other hard skills that are needed to succeed. Male mentors add perspective and allow us to learn how we are being perceived — whether it is body language, dressing, or tone of voice. I think both sets of mentors together — male and female — build a strong and comprehensive team.”
‘Perceived similarity’ leads to deeper bonds
The Los Angeles race riots of 1992 led to a big push to study mentoring amongst disadvantaged youth in that city. Professor Ellen Ensher led the charge to uncover a question that had dogged researchers for years: Did race even matter in mentoring?
Her research yielded an interesting finding: the idea of perceived similarity. In the past, many people believed mentors connected to mentees based on “surface similarity” — i.e., psychological and social forces like race, class, gender and age. As the saying goes, “Birds of a feather flock together.”
But recent studies show that perceived similarities, such as shared values, attitudes and goals, actually form deeper bonds in the long run.
“Age, race, and gender are, of course, still the elephant in the room,” explains Professor Ensher, “but I push my clients to get to know their mentor as quickly as possible and build on those common bonds.”
Those are the relationships that tend to endure. And that's why I meet with Angelo every few months at Cortese’s. We may not look similar, but we are both immigrants and former athletes who value ethics, hustle, and Italian crumbly cheese.
Plus, it may be necessary to look past race in mentoring relationships for minorities, especially in industries that are predominantly white and male. Compared to their peers, talented professionals of color don't get fast-tracked until much later in their career. But many of those who do reach the executive suite find a key mentor within the first three years, according to a study by Harvard's David Thomas, the nation's leading researcher on race and mentoring.
An African-American corporate acquisitions lawyer I spoke to (who wished to remain unnamed) confessed, “There were only a few black partners at the firm but older African Americans never mentored me. They saw me as a threat to the position they worked so hard to attain and resented me for rising so quickly. In fact, most of my mentors have been Jewish. We connected on the 'underdog' mentality, and they have all been supportive and offered guidance through office politics and the ebbs and flows of a volatile industry.”
Age doesn't matter, but life stage does
In today's hyper-connected and tech savvy world, a good mentor can be older or younger than you. More important is their stage in life.
Are they a retired industry vet looking to give back? Busy starting a new family or business? Would they be at a stage to view you as competition? These are all things to consider. Importantly, life stage does not always match age. A report on the post-recession generation found nearly half of the 25- to 34-year-olds surveyed said they've put off purchasing a home; 29 percent say they've delayed starting a family; and 26 percent still live with their parents.
By that logic, an older mentor may be beneficial, especially to a young entrepreneur. They probably have experience you don't. Just be realistic about how much time to expect from them based on where they are in their career.
In the end, you must find a mentor who is a good fit for you — not just on the surface, but in terms of what benefits they can provide. Who knows? Maybe soon you'll be on your way to Cortese's for dinner with your brand-new mentor, too.
Bert Gervais, a.k.a. “The Mentor Guy,” is the founder of Success Mentor Education. He is a national bestselling author, speaker, and award-winning entrepreneur.

Air France Strike EndsAir France Pilots End Strike After 14 Days
 | By                                                                By JAMEY KEATEN
Updated:
09/28/2014  1:59 pm EDT
Air France workers gather in front of the company headquarters as they demonstrate against the pilots strike, in Roissy, outside Paris, Wednesday, Sept. 24, 2014. Air France-KLM says it isn't ready to abandon a plan to transfer activities to a low-cost carrier, contradicting a government minister's claim. France's junior minister for transport, Alain Vidalies, said on RMC radio Wednesday that Air France was withdrawing the plan in the face a protracted strike by pilots. Banners read, 'Air France | ASSOCIATED PRESS
reddit
PARIS (AP) — Despite no deal in sight, Air France' s main pilots union on Sunday unilaterally ended a 14-day strike that grounded roughly half of the airline's flights, stranded passengers worldwide, cost tens of millions of dollars and led France's prime minister to decry a "selfish" walkout.
After a late-night, 15-hour negotiating session with management, leaders of the SNPL pilot union walked away with no accord, but with the realization that the strike "is not an end in itself," union spokesman Antoine Amar said. In a later statement, the union said it was ending the strike "in the interests of the company and passengers."
The walkout, which began Sept. 15, was the longest in more than four decades initiated by pilots at Air France, union official Guillaume Schmid said. The 81-year-old company today conducts about 1,500 flights each day, and last year had 77.3 million passengers, making it one of Europe's biggest carriers.
Air France, in its own statement, said service would "progressively" start returning to normal on Tuesday — meaning that flights already canceled between now and then won't be reinstated. The company hailed the end of the strike, saying it "will have been costly and damaging. It has only lasted too long."
Alexandre de Juniac, chairman and CEO of parent company Air France-KLM, said management team members "are aware of the trauma that our customers, employees and partners just lived through," according to the statement. It said full service was likely to resume late this week.
At the center of the standoff are Air France's ambitions to develop a low-cost affiliate, Transavia, to tap into new markets in both France and elsewhere in Europe and better compete at a time when budget airlines have cut into the market share once dominated by giant European carriers like Air France.
The pilots union said it didn't oppose those plans to build the new business, but rejected the labor conditions that management had planned. They started the strike two weeks ago out of concerns that management was looking for a way to outsource their jobs to countries with lower taxes and labor costs.
In a tactical retreat, the carrier's management offered Wednesday to scrap a central part of the plan to shift most of its European operations to Transavia. But the pilots remained unsatisfied, saying the contracts sought for the low-cost carrier's operations in France alone were insufficient.
Air France, in its statement, "confirmed its decision to continue its accelerated development of Transavia in France, without delay" — which suggested that issues remain unresolved. The carrier said it is sticking to plans to create 1,000 jobs in France through Transavia carrier, including 250 pilot positions.
Several would-be passengers interviewed by The Associated Press expressed frustration and anger during the strike; some grumbled about the tendency of many French workers to strike — and snarl services in the process. Union official Schmid said pilots decided to end the strike because "it was necessary to get out of the media pressure."
Speaking to reporters Sunday, Prime Minister Manuel Valls said: "This strike was misunderstood, it was corporatist. It was selfish."
"It inconvenienced hundreds of thousands — millions — of consumers. It inconvenienced other Air France staffers who made a number of sacrifices over the years. This strike costs a lot in terms of the company's image," he said. "And it has left a trail of division, fracture within its ranks."
Air France-KLM had said previously that the walkout cost up to 20 million euros ($25 million) a day, which could put the total financial bite as high as €300 million ($382 million), though Air France wasn't providing specifics yet. The French state holds a 16-percent share of the company, and appoints three board members, a spokeswoman said.
Valls, a Socialist, appeared to side with management, saying the Transavia plan was "indispensable" — and sought to parlay Air France's woes as a metaphor for France's need for reforms more broadly. Valls has been criticized on France's vocal political left in recent weeks for cozying up to business leaders amid the country's persistent economic slump.
"We are in a competitive universe, the low-cost one, and it needs to be faced with the proper weapons," Valls said. "It shows our country needs reforms at every level, and it's true especially in the transportation sector."
More:

Fraud Rising  Costing Stores (And Consumers) Morefraud rising  costing stores (and consumers) more
2015 Chevy Colorado  GMC Canyon revive midsize pickup truck segment2015 Chevy Colorado, GMC Canyon revive midsize pickup truck segment
Caption 2015 Chevrolet Colorado Z71
Jim Fets / GM
David Undercoffler / Los Angeles Times
Chevrolet Colorado V-6 2WD LT Crew cab long box.
Chevrolet Colorado V-6 2WD LT Crew cab long box. (David Undercoffler / Los Angeles Times)
David Undercoffler / Los Angeles Times
Chevrolet Colorado V-6 2WD LT Crew cab long box.
Chevrolet Colorado V-6 2WD LT Crew cab long box. (David Undercoffler / Los Angeles Times)
Caption 2015 Chevrolet Colorado Z71
John Roe / GM
The all-new 2015 Chevrolet Colorado Z71 is expected to deliver class-leading power, payload and trailering ratings.
The all-new 2015 Chevrolet Colorado Z71 is expected to deliver class-leading power, payload and trailering ratings. (John Roe / GM)
Caption 2015 Chevrolet Colorado Z71
GM
The off-road-inspired Colorado Z71 is the brawniest of the three available trim levels. It features a gunmetal grille surround, projector headlamps and 17-inch aluminum wheels.
The off-road-inspired Colorado Z71 is the brawniest of the three available trim levels. It features a gunmetal grille surround, projector headlamps and 17-inch aluminum wheels. (GM)
With the all-new Chevy Colorado and GMC Canyon, GM is hoping to lure back crossover owners.
GM's all new Chevy Colorado and GMC Canyon inject life into the vanishing midsize truck segment.
2015 Chevy Colorado and GMC Canyon aim to knock Tacoma off midsize pickup top spot.
For nearly a decade, automakers have all but ignored mid-size trucks, issuing few new models — or even updates — and expecting few sales. They focused instead on high-volume full-size trucks and all sizes of SUVs and crossovers.
General Motors is ending the neglect.
Chevy's all-new Colorado and the upmarket GMC Canyon are headed to dealerships now, looking to jolt the moribund segment to life. After a day of testing these GM twins in and around Del Mar, it's clear they'll bring life and then some, easily leaping to the top of the mid-size truck segment.
Having little competition helps.
Fuel-efficient and versatile updates to the 2015 Chevrolet Suburban and Tahoe, GMC Yukon, Cadillac Escalade, as well as the 2015 Ford Expedition and Lincoln Navigator, bring relevance back to a dwindling segment. ( Kirk Bell, Special to the Tribune )
Ford and Dodge pulled out of the segment several years ago, citing weak demand and the increasing affordability and efficiency of their full-size trucks. Chevy's previous Colorado was a halfhearted effort by the automaker's own admission, and it was axed in 2012. Honda's oddball Ridgeline didn't live up to its potential, and Nissan's current Frontier feels like an antique.
The last time any of these pickups got a thorough redesign was in 2005. That same year, mid-size trucks made up 4.1% of all vehicle sales, a number that withered to 1.5% by 2013, according to Edmunds.com.
Yet GM sees possibilities in the segment, and points to Toyota's Tacoma as evidence. It, too, dates to 2005, but Toyota has given it regular tweaks to keep the Tacoma relevant. And it gobbles up the lion's share of the segment — 160,000 of the 228,000 total sales in 2013.
This is the truck GM is unabashedly targeting with its Chevy Colorado and GMC Canyon. But GM is also hoping to entice back crossover owners who may have liked the utility of a truck but didn't want to pay a penalty in ride quality or comfort.
8
These largely urban buyers won't rely on their truck for work like a full-size truck owner. Rather, they'll use it as a daily driver during the week and an escape hatch for weekend adventures.
Since these are trucks, a wide variety of configurations are available, but the basics are straightforward for the GMC and Chevy models. A four-cylinder engine, rear-wheel drive and an extended cab with rear-hinged doors are standard features. A V-6, crew cab (four real doors), and four-wheel drive are optional.
A stripped-down version of the Chevy Colorado starts at $20,995. The basic GMC Canyon runs $21,880 and throws in a more masculine exterior and higher-grade materials on the interior.
A majority of the day was spent in the Chevy that's expected to be the volume seller: a V-6, rear-wheel drive, quad-cab model. It started at $29,505 and then piled on options like 18-inch alloy wheels, heated leather seats, jet black paint, forward collision and lane departure warning, remote start and chrome exterior trim. The final price was $34,120.
Inside the Colorado, it's clear that this is the next generation of mid-size truck refinement. It's as quiet and well-bolted together as any of the crossovers GM is hoping to draw buyers out of.
The interior isn't exactly luxurious, with some hard plastic panels befitting a vehicle that starts a sneeze under $21,000. But the seats are comfy, there's plenty of room in the back for adults, and GM didn't over-think the dashboard layout or controls.
Like the base four-cylinder engine, GM uses the V-6 from our tester in every brand under its umbrella: Chevy, GMC, Buick and Cadillac, helping cut production costs. In these mid-size trucks, the 3.6-liter unit cranks out 305 horsepower and 269 pound-feet of torque.
It's hooked up to a six-speed automatic transmission, and is rated at 18 miles per gallon in the city and 26 mpg on the highway. The engine felt plenty strong for a truck this size, and the gearbox was quick and smooth enough.
0
The V-6 is rated to tow 7,000 pounds, and GM was kind enough to have on hand a 21-foot boat and trailer it said weighed just under 4,500 pounds. With the boat hitched up, the Colorado felt like it was working hard, but not too hard, to get and stay moving.
If this Chevy had any weaknesses, it was the ride quality. If it looks like a truck and hauls like a truck, it also rides like a truck. Nothing about it was uncomfortable or jarring, but shoppers coming out of a crossover will definitely notice that the Colorado doesn't replicate the smoother ride to which they're accustomed.
GMC's Canyon didn't suffer from the same fate, so if daily comfort is a priority, choose this model over the Chevy. A test drive in a nearly loaded $40,060 four-wheel-drive SLT felt as if it had an extra layer of ride quality and refinement woven into it.
That GMC's price is $12,000 more than the average mid-size truck buyer spent in 2013, according to Edmunds.com. But even the base GMC Canyon without the Bose stereo, the 8-inch touch-screen navigation system or the forward collision warning has the refined ride without extra charge.
Truck fans on a budget have the base Chevy to consider in the $24,385 extended-cab Colorado with the four-cylinder engine and a six-speed automatic transmission.
This is the model with two rear-hinged doors that open up to the back seats — if you want to call them that. The space back there is too small for even short adults, although GM engineers did figure out that if customers move the rear headrest to the front of the seat cushion, the seat legally fits child seats, a neat trick the automaker says is unique to the industry.
Despite having just 200 horsepower, the engine in this base model was powerful enough for daily driving and never felt anemic. Towing is rated at 3,500 pounds and fuel economy is 20 mpg in the city and 27 mpg on the highway.
The ride quality was also better than that of the more expensive Colorado largely because the base model has 16-inch rims and tires with a larger sidewall, which gives any vehicle a more compliant feel.
All Colorado and Canyon models come with useful features including six air bags, a backup camera and locking tailgate, and most even include a Wi-Fi hot spot. Other options aimed at a younger, more tech-savvy crowd include the aforementioned 8-inch touch-screen navigation system, lane departure and collision warning systems, text-messaging alerts and Siri Eyes-Free capability.
Then there's the trucks' "mid-size" label. Sure, the Canyon and Colorado are smaller than the hulking full-size trucks GM offers. But plan your parking accordingly; these mid-size guys with the optional long bed measure almost the same length as Chevy's full-size Suburban SUV.
GM's work on the Chevy Colorado and GMC Canyon is commendable. With aged competition from Toyota and Nissan, GM could have slapped some new bumpers on the mid-size trucks it sells around the world and called it a day. But these new models mix practicality with refinement in a meaningful way.
Good thing, too. Both Honda and Toyota will introduce their next-generation mid-size trucks in 2015, and don't expect either brand to take the new competition lightly. GM will need this excellent head start.

Goldblum Shirtless In Weird Ad for Smart BulbsEmail
Finally we've figured out the secret to Jeff Goldblum's enduring charm and success as an actor: really great lighting.
He flips the switch on this enigma in a new, weird GE Link smartbulb ad directed by Tim & Eric, whose "Awesome Show" on Cartoon Network and "Mom Song" ads for Old Spice have helped set the bar for "unsettling" as a media and marketing tactic. Goldblum stars as an exaggerated celebrity showing us around his mansion who uses his smartphone-connected LED light bulbs operating on the "Wink" hub to lead a life of quietly sparkling luxury. He has a woman on each arm, a piano in his Jacuzzi, and a small man who hands him handi-wipes from his fanny-pack on command.
Jeff Goldblum stars in a new GE Link connected smart light bulb infomercial directed by Tim & Eric.
The smartbulbs he's talking about are screwed into your lighting fixtures like a normal light bulb. But inside the base sits a tiny computer brain. It talks to a central hub in your house that works like a specialized Wi-Fi router. Your smartphone, whether you're in the room, upstairs, or around the world, also talks to the hub and lets you turn the lights on and off, dim them and control timers.
The new two-minute infomercial was released online today and will air on select cable channels. Its goal is to make you laugh uncomfortably while convincing you to buy a $15 light bulb.
That's certainly a premium price point for an iPhone version of The Clapper.
Assuming you get free shipping, a 4-pack of 60W incandescent GE bulbs runs you $7.49, or $1.87 per bulb on Amazon. However, they're only rated for 1,000 hours, or about 11 months assuming 3 hours per day of use. They also use more electricity than LED bulbs, with their average annual energy expenditure estimated at $7.22.
The Link bulb also costs more than other standard LED bulbs. A 6-pack of the highly rated CREE bulbs costs $55.99 on Amazon, or $9.31 a bulb. Like most LEDs surveyed, they last 25,000 hours, or 22.8 years. LED bulbs are much cheaper to run than incandescents. The CREE costs only $1.14 per year in annual energy costs. Similarly, a Philips dimmable LED bulb costs $9 per bulb and $1.26 per year.
But compared to other smartbulbs, the Link isn't a bad deal at all. The single white-only bulbs in the Philips Hue system cost $29.95 each and also last 22.8 years. TCP brand bulbs cost $19.97 each. Meanwhile, the GE Link bulbs cost $14.97 with annual energy expenses of $.66 per year. But you do also have to buy the $44.99 base hub to control it. And then there's also the hidden cost of the smartphone you're already expected to have bought and be paying a monthly bill for.
Currently Home Depot is offering a deal that lets you get two bulbs and the base for $44.94 total. In comparison, the Philips Hue starter pack is $188.99 for the hub and three bulbs. Essentially GE is selling you the hub and giving you two light bulbs for free.
That's a pretty good deal but it's also like that old salesman joke about selling a boat to a man who comes in to buy a fishing hook. You just want lights on in your house but with the Wink hub in your house it will be easier for GE to sell you future "smart" appliances that will work on it. Brilliant.
Tags:

India-Russia pact: revive exports of commodities which have lost shareIndia-Russia pact: revive exports of commodities which have lost share
Enamul Haque
Tweet
September 29, 2014:  
At the 19th session of the joint India-Russia Working Group, to study the scope of Comprehensive Economic Co-operation Agreement (CECA), some major issues to be addressed by the Indian side are: 1) Issues related to Market Access faced by Veterinary and agro products; 2) issues related to export of bovine meat and egg powder to Russia and 3) Issues related to standards of Indian products in Russian Markets.
These issues to be addressed are mainly for veterinary and agriculture products. There is lot more to be addressed by the Working Group from on the non-agricultural sector too.
Exporting egg powder
India has no record of exporting egg powder to Russia. However, after witnessing consecutive fall in quantity exported during 2009 and 2010, exports of egg powder from India to the world have increased substantially from 2011 onwards.
In 2013, India was the 10th largest exporter of egg powder with over 10,000 tonnes shipped. The position of India was even better in terms of value fetched for the exports. It was ranked seventh with the unit value averaging at $4,794/tonne.
The poultry industry in Russia is among the fastest growing industry. In 2013, Russia announced that it was self-sufficient in poultry and egg production.
According to a statement of former Russian Agricultural Minister, in 2009, the country may need to put quota system for poultry and egg production as the market may be oversupplied due to excess production. Another interesting feature of the Russian poultry industry is that around 75 to 80 per cent of production there comes from large farms which enjoy economies of scale.
Under such circumstances, it will not be beneficial for the Ministry of Agriculture, to put egg powder exports to Russia in the priority list.
Issues related to standards
According to the database of WTO SPS information management system, Russia has so far issued a single SPS measure against India due to presence of Capra Beetle in Indian rice and groundnut. International Plant Protection Convention of WTO allows country to restrict imports of particular products from a particular country if there is a chance of spread of insect pest to importing country.
Thus the action taken by Russia in this regard can be justified. However, the government is expected to take a serious note of the Capra Beetle to avoid such situation in future.
Russia has also issued several SPS and TBT measures not specifically against India but against all trading partners.
A study conducted by Exim Bank during 2014 reveals that Indian exporters are able to tackle those SPS and TBT notifications which are raised against India alone while their response for the notification raised against all the countries are inadequate.
Thus, the government should intervene in the market so as to increase the compliance by exporters to build a better image in the international market.
Vet & Agro exports
An analysis of exports of veterinary and agro products from India to Russia reveals that there are at least 147 products with six digits HS Code level, for which the average exports during last three years (2011-13) are less than the average exports during 2001-2010.
Among these 147 products, exports of tea top with a difference between two averages above $9 million followed by fruits (guava and mangosteen) and fish products.
From 2007 onwards, Indian exporters have not been exporting bovine products to Russia. The other products in the list of top 10 are HS 070700 (cucumber and gherkins), HS 120100 (soyabeans), HS 210120 (tea or mate extracts, essences and concentrates and preparations thereof), HS 081290 (fruits and nuts provisionally preserved but unfit for immediate consumption), etc.
At the upcoming (20th) session of the working group, the Ministry should have a clear agenda to revitalise exports of commodities for which India has lost its market share in Russia.
The writer is associated with National Institute of Agriculture Marketing, Jaipur. Views are personal.
(This article was published on September 29, 2014)
Related

Understanding the world cotton glutUnderstanding the world cotton glut
CP CHANDRASEKHAR
Tweet
Cotton conundrum To grow or not to grow, that is the question
China’s decision to liquidate its large raw cotton stocks, accumulated as part of a policy of supporting domestic production, is hurting the world’s cotton exporters
September 29, 2014:  
In a relatively underreported sequence of developments the demand-supply balance in the world’s raw cotton trade has shifted towards excess supply, driving down prices and hurting exporters. Underlying this trend is an unusual situation with regard to the global production and exports of raw cotton.
China, the world’s leading producer of raw cotton is not among the leading exporters of the fibre. The two leading exporters are India and the United States, which rank second and third on the production league table.
But even among them, India has witnessed a dramatic reduction in exports. Thus, though major producers, China and India absorb domestically much of their production and export little or none, countries such as the United States, Brazil, Uzbekistan and those in West Africa such as Benin, Burkina Faso and Cameroon export much of their production. Exports from the African Zone rose from 2 million tons in 2010-11 to 3.8 million tons in 2013-14.
Excess supply
Overall, the growing concentration of textile production in developing countries has resulted in a situation where developing countries are the principal consumers of raw cotton. In 2012-13, developing countries accounted for 96 per cent of global cotton mill use, 97 per cent of imports, and 81 per cent of production, but only for 52 per cent of global cotton exports.
The fact that China and India, the leading producers, absorbed much of their domestic production meant that the exporters of cotton were spared of two major sources of competition in global trade. And as India’s exports began to decline, that competition declined even further. Moreover, globally cotton stocks have been at high levels and have risen from 18 million tones in 2012-13 to 20 million tones in 2013-14 and an estimated 22 million tones in 2014-15. This willingness to hold stocks has meant that production remained high and ensured that prices were low and stable.
However, there are other challenges that still confront small producers and exporters like Brazil and the African countries. The first is that global production has in recent years been consistently above the volume of raw cotton use or consumption. According to the International Cotton Advisory Council (ICAC), 2014-15 would be the fifth consecutive marketing year when global cotton production exceeds consumption.
Though production is expected to decline by 400,000 tonnes in that year to 26.05 million tons, and consumption to rise by 4 per cent, the latter would touch only 24.4 million tons, resulting in a surplus of 1.7 million tons. Consecutive years of surplus had already taken the cumulative excess of consumption over production between 2010-11 and 2013-14 to 12.3 million tons. That figure is projected to rise to nearly 14 million tons by end 2014-15.
As a result of this excess supply the Cotton “A” Index, a proxy for the world price of cotton computed by the National Cotton Council of America, which rose to a peak of 165.1 cents per pound in 2010-11, fell to 99.82 cents to the pound in 2011-12 and averaged 89.3 cents to the pound during 2012-13 and 2013-14 (Chart 2).
China’s policies
A second challenge is that this situation of excess supply, being partly the result of subsidies provided by the governments of leading cotton-producing countries to their cotton farmers, is not easily reversed. Subsidies that keep production much higher than it would have otherwise been are quite substantial. In 2011-12, a study by the ICAC Secretariat reported that ten countries were providing subsidies to their cotton industry. China had emerged the largest provider of support to its cotton sector in 2009-10, overtaking the United States.
To support cotton growers, especially in Xinjiang province, with a minimum support price policy and import quotas, domestic cotton prices in China were maintained well above international cotton prices. Total government support to the Chinese cotton sector was estimated at around $3 billion in 2011-12. In comparison, total support provided to the US cotton sector was around $820 million through subsidised crop insurance. Moreover, China, which is the main destination for exports of cotton from Africa, imposes import duties of up to 40 per cent on cotton imports in excess of the annual import quota related to WTO obligations.
However, the effect this would have of aggravating excess supply in the global cotton economy by enhancing the level of production, has been partly moderated by the Chinese government’s policy of purchasing and accumulating stocks of domestically produced cotton to back its minimum support price policy. Over nine million tons of cotton were purchased from domestic producers in 2011-12 and 2012-13. This did help stabilise cotton production in China (Chart 3).
Besides the objective of stabilising domestic supplies, the fact that higher domestic prices forced domestic mills to turn to imports, especially up to the WTO mandated import quota, necessitated large purchases.
Reversal of trends
By November 2013, cotton reserves held by the Chinese authorities stood at around 10 million tonnes or close to half of total global stocks. The China National Cotton Reserve Corporation had purchased another 5.5 million tonnes since the beginning of the 2013 cotton season. Rising stocks finally prompted the government to discourage imports.
In 2013-14, China’s total imports are estimated to have fallen by nearly one-third relative to the previous year. However, in the same year, as a result of drought, production in the US fell 25 per cent, limiting the country’s exportable supply. These contrary influences on the demand-supply balance in global trade moderated the effects that China’s withdrawal from the market had on world cotton prices.
But as of November 2013 the trend has been otherwise. In that month, China began to draw down its cotton stocks through sales via auction. The China National Cotton Reserve managed to sell 12,312 tonnes of cotton, or roughly half of the 24,354 tonnes on offer, for an average price of Rmb17,737 per tonne ($2,900). The shortfall relative to the offer was because this was “old” cotton, often held in the warehouses for a year or more, and mills reportedly expressed a preference to buy fresh imported cotton.
That notwithstanding, the auction triggered fears because, if China decided to accelerate stock disposal by offering large discounts on sales outside the auction route, market prices could crash.
In fact in March 2014, China announced plans to slash the prices at which it sold cotton from its reserve, bringing them close to international prices to boost demand. The result has been a downward trend in the prices of cotton futures and raw cotton. In fact, the ICAC projects that the Cotton “A” Outlook Index is likely to fall 11 per cent to 80 cents per pound during 2014-15.
Since the China National Cotton Reserve would have to continue with purchases as part of its minimum support policy, and cannot afford too large a reduction in its sale prices (since that would increase losses it would suffer from disposing of stocks acquired at high prices), the process of unwinding stocks is likely to continue for long. So prices are likely to remain weak till production and supplies adjust. That would be damaging for the African exporters who have already been hurt by the American subsidy policy.
(This article was published on September 29, 2014)
Related

Clean the real filthSwachh Bharat and caste-based oppression cannot co-exist
September 29, 2014:  
As Prime Minister Narendra Modi regales the Indian diaspora in the US, his ministers are wielding brooms and queuing up for photo-ops. That’s their way of showing commitment to the “Swachh Bharat Abhiyan” to be launched on October 2, the birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi. The Prime Minister has called upon the country’s citizens to make India clean by 2019, Gandhiji’s 150th birth anniversary. The biggest tribute Modi could pay to Gandhiji is cleaning the real filth in our society — untouchability and caste-based exploitation. Last month, in Rajasthan’s Bikaner district, two Dalit children were beaten and expelled from school for drinking water from an earthen pot meant for their upper caste teacher. But the biggest blot comes from reports of a temple being cleansed after it was visited by Bihar chief minister Jitan Manjhi, who belongs to a lower caste.
According to the National Crime Records Bureau, the rate of crimes against Scheduled Castes grew to 19.6 per cent in 2013 from 16.7 per cent in 2012 and against Scheduled Tribes to 6.5 per cent in 2013 from 5.7 per cent in 2012. The practice of manual scavenging, or cleaning human excreta by a lower caste community, persists. Meenakshi Ganguly, South Asia Director, Human Rights Watch, terms this practice as “one of the worst surviving symbols of untouchability”. At the NRI-funded Madison Square Garden event, Modi invoked the memory of Gandhiji, referring to him as the “most-famous NRI”. But can Modi deliver a Swachh Bharat free of caste discrimination? That would be the best tribute to Gandhiji!
(Aditi Nigam is Deputy Editor)
(This article was published on September 29, 2014)
Related

America has lots to offerAmerica has lots to offer
Jyotsna Suri
Strengthening ties The time is right Shanker Chakravarty
India should tap into US expertise in education, food processing and defence
Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s visit to the US is expected to be a watershed in India-US relations. This is driven by the growing perception of Modi as the man who can steer India to higher levels of growth, usher stability in policies, ensure best business practices and optimise investment in India through development of infrastructure. The US also sees this as an opportunity to partner India in its endeavour to achieve higher levels of growth and development.
The economic and business relationship between India and the US has been one of the stimulants. Total bilateral trade touched $100 billion in 2013 and the US is keen to take this to $500 billion. Bilateral cooperation has broadened significantly, covering trade and investment, defence and security, education, science and technology, cyber security, high-technology, civil nuclear energy, space technology and applications, clean energy, environment, agriculture and health. Cross-border investments are growing and Indian firms have created close to 100,000 jobs in the US.
However, the full potential of this economic engagement remains untapped. The two countries can script a new chapter of engagement based on mutual trust and understanding. Let me outline a few potential areas.
Where the opportunities lie
Education is one big opportunity. With the Modi Government emphasising education and skill development as the backbone of a vibrant economy, the US can help create quality infrastructure for higher and technical education.
America’s community colleges have set a remarkable standard for 21st century skills training. India and the US can expand educational ties across the board with India opening up to institutes of excellence from the US. These institutes can set up their centres in India for higher education and vocational skills. To create job opportunities, the Government is planning to set up virtual classrooms and online courses for school education and skill development centres under the public-private partnership (PPP) mode. The US could well be a partner in creating this win-win proposition for industry in both countries.
Defence is another potential area for collaboration. India as one of the major arms importers in the world offers the US a lucrative market. With the hike in foreign direct investment limits in India’s defence sector from 26 to 49 per cent, a favourable situation is emerging. India can tap into the expertise of the US to develop its weapon systems. The participation of the private sector, which is keen to partner the government in defence manufacturing, may make technology transfer possible.
Focus on approach
Agriculture and food processing is a huge sector in the US; India needs infrastructure and mechanisation to boost this sector. This will help India in fulfilling its dream of a second green revolution.
With Modi calling for strengthening the manufacturing sector in India, the US can make its presence felt in India through investments in manufacturing. Urban development, especially the idea of 100 smart cities, offers another avenue of partnership. Another area is energy. Modi has called for a focus on renewable energy sources such as solar energy to meet India’s growing energy demand. This can launch a new chapter in the US-India climate change relationship.
The US has the ability to make a difference here by eliminating the barriers that keep the best technology out of the Indian market. The US can also help India find and develop new sources of energy through renewable technologies. Of course, the operationalisation of the civil nuclear deal remains an area of expectation.
There are many potential avenues of collaboration, but what is important is a focused approach which will help India and the US to pool their synergies in a more purposeful manner. Prime Minister Modi’s visit to the US provides an important platform in this respect. It should lead to a comprehensive strategy of economic engagement.
The writer is senior vice-president
of Ficci
(This article was published on September 29, 2014)
Related

Bill Gross exit could cost Pimco $400 billionBill Gross exit could cost Pimco $400 billion
By Matt Egan   @mattmegan5 September 29, 2014: 12:35 PM ET
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
You tend to find out how valuable something truly is after it's gone. For investment house Pimco, losing "bond king" Bill Gross will likely cost the firm billions.
According to Morgan Stanley ( MS ), investors could yank a whopping $400 billion of assets from Pimco following the surprise exit of Gross on Friday.
Morgan Stanley based that huge figure on the 6% drop in the share price of Pimco parent Allianz ( ALIZF ). The investment bank said in a report Monday that implies a loss of around 20% of the Pimco's total assets.
Pimco and Allianz executives scrambled over the weekend and on Monday to soothe nervous clients and analysts after Gross shocked the financial world by leaving the firm he founded in 1971 for Janus Capital ( JNS ).
Gross directly managed about $300 billion of assets, although Morgan Stanley estimates he had "influence" over around $500 billion.
"Bill was our CIO and of course had a large presence but the reason people choose us and ultimately will stay with us is our process and our performance," Pimco CEO Doug Hodge said on a conference call Monday morning. "I'm confident the vast majority of our clients will stay with us."
Related: Don't panic after Bill Gross exit
Bracing for withdrawals: Pimco announced late Friday that the 70-year-old Gross will be succeeded by deputy chief investment officer Dan Ivascyn, who Morningstar named fixed-income manager of the year in 2013.
While Hodge said Pimco expects high redemption rates in the early stage, he stressed the firm has "ample liquidity to respond to any clients' redemption or withdrawals." That means Pimco believes it can quickly convert assets to cash without hurting their value if more investors want to pull their investments.
Pimco did not specify how much client money has flowed out the door in the wake of Gross's exit, but The Wall Street Journal reported it has already lost $10 billion of assets.
Pimco did not respond to a request for comment on that report.
Pimco said it has a track record of being able to handle outflows, including during the 2008 financial crisis and the so-called "taper tantrum" in 2013. The firm said it has experienced $70 billion of withdrawals over the last 16 months.
Hodge noted Pimco invests in the most liquid corners of the fixed-income markets. For example, he said two-thirds of Pimco's flagship Total Return Fund is invested in the "highly liquid" Treasury and mortgage bond markets.
 
Related: New owner for Shrek & DreamWorks Animation?
Gross exit moves the bond market: The bond markets displayed concern on Friday that Pimco would be forced to unload assets to meet withdrawal requests, hurting their prices.
"Treasuries felt the first round of pain, though credit spreads and illiquid asset classes were also impacted, proving how much a single person can move the markets," analysts from Janney Capital Markets wrote in a note on Monday.
The price of 10-year Treasurys rose slightly on Monday as investors purchased the safe-haven asset following a morning sell-off in stocks .
Related: Hong Kong protests hurt U.S. stocks
Not in the clear: Like the rest of the industry, Morningstar was caught off guard by Gross's departure. The firm put all of Pimco's 50 funds under review on Friday.
After the promotion of Ivascyn, Morningstar said Pimco's funds are "on stable ground in terms of management expertise and research depth." Still, Morningstar warned: "By no means are Pimco or the funds in the clear."
It's not just clients that Pimco needs to prevent from fleeing. Hodge said Pimco is actively exploring ways to boost its compensation program in an effort to keep and attract talent.
Hodge emphasized Pimco's differences with Gross were not related to the firm's investment strategies. Instead, he said they were tied to the strategic direction of Pimco, style and media strategy. Hodge did not mention volatile behavior by Gross as a factor, although recent press reports indicate that was an issue.
First Published: September 29, 2014: 12:24 PM ET
Most Popular

Tata Power Inks Pact With HoneywellYou are here: Home Corporates
Tata Signs Deal With Honeywell to Build Defence Navigator in India
Reuters | Updated On: September 29, 2014 14:57 (IST)
Sebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
New Delhi: Tata Power Co Ltd's defence engineering unit, Tata Power SED, has signed an agreement with Honeywell International to produce the US company's 'TALIN' navigator in India, Honeywell said in a statement on Monday.
Honeywell will license the design and hardware to assemble, test and eventually build the production kits for the navigation system in India, in a boost for New Delhi's efforts to encourage local manufacturing of defence equipment.
The agreement, announced during Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to the United States, will mark the first time India has produced inertial land navigation technology, Honeywell said.
India, the world's largest arms importer, is keen to modernise its armed forces by promoting domestic industry.
In a bid to kick start local production and encourage foreign manufacturers to share technology, the new government has approved a plan to raise the amount of foreign direct investment (FDI) allowed in its defence industry to 49 per cent from 26 per cent.
Rahul Chaudhry, chief executive at Tata Power SED, said in the statement that the technology sharing arrangement "will offer the Indian Armed Forces a state-of-the-art inertial navigation technology, made in India and with local product support".
The Tactical Advanced Land Inertial Navigator, or "TALIN", enables precision navigation for vehicles and artillery movement, even where GPS satellite guidance is limited in far-flung and difficult terrains.
As of 2:44 p.m., shares in Tata Power were trading at Rs 83.60 apiece on the BSE, down 0.83 per cent from the previous close.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

TIKSA NEGERI / Reuterstiksa negeri / reuters
Unfortunately  Reviews on Yelp Cannot Be Relied Upon for Vetting Purposesreddit
In my article titled " Select the Mediator Carefully ," among other things, I said, "In order to select a mediator who is able to satisfy your needs, you must do so based upon 'real evidence' and this is where client testimonials are of utmost importance."  This statement is not limited to mediators - it applies equally well to all products and service providers.  Unfortunately, it is far from easy to locate such "real evidence," as Yelp has so clearly demonstrated.
The following description of Yelp was taken directly from its website:  " Yelp uses automated software to recommend the most helpful and reliable reviews for the Yelp community among the millions we get. The software looks at dozens of different signals, including various measures of quality, reliability, and activity on Yelp. The process has nothing to do with whether a business advertises on Yelp or not."
In an effort to demonstrate that Yelp's description is far from accurate, I will begin by using my own personal experiences and then discuss the recent court decision that sheds light on the dismal truth.
On July 4, 2013, Yelp notified me that my office had received its first review, which was from a Darrin L.  The exact review was as follows:  "This guy took the defendents attorney behind closed doors with the judge and made a deal that cost me more than it should have and i have been stuck with that deal for years.  I pay more than I should have and he did all of this without my consent.  He is a sub par attorney at best.   Good luck with your case.  I am broke."  In addition to that lousy review, Darrin gave me 1 out of 5 possible stars.  Since I was born on July 4th, all I can say is that this review really put a damper on my birthday.  In any event, the information contained in the review itself is inconsistent with the way in which the legal system works and therefore could not possibly have occurred.
First of all, in California, there are no plaintiffs and defendants in family law.  In fact, in the chapter I authored for "Inside the Minds: Strategies for Family Law in California, 2013 ed.", published by Thomson Reuters, I stated the following:  " In an effort to make it appear as though family law litigation is not a lawsuit, the parties are referred to as petitioner and respondent, rather than plaintiff and defendant."  Coincidentally, that book was published on July 1, 2013, only 3 days before Darrin's review.
Second, what Darrin has described is what is known as a "chambers conference."  In his article titled " What Goes on in a Judge's Chambers Conference ," Scott B. Piekarsky explained why Darrin's review makes no sense.   As Mr. Piekarsky explains, "this forum [a chamber's conference] is essential to the proper running of the system. It is neither efficient, proper or productive to have these discussions in open court....  A truly off the record discussion can happen in chambers....  In addition, settlement discussions and negotiations must be done in private caucuses -- there is no other way for the mediator or judge to properly confer."  In fact, Mr. Piekarsky likened it "to a mediation where everyone is supposed to let their hair down and really dig in."  Chambers conferences occur just before the matter is called to be heard in open court.  Depending upon the circumstances, it can be extremely helpful for settlement purposes to learn how the judge is inclined to rule on a case before they actually make a ruling.  While it is true that the judge's comments in chambers do not guarantee how they will rule if the matter is heard in court, gaining such insight directly from the horse's mouth is invaluable.  The judge is not making any orders in the chambers conference.  Furthermore, no deals that require a client's consent are reached.
It is therefore impossible for me to have taken the opposing party's "attorney behind closed doors with the judge and made a deal."  In his review, Darrin also stated, "I pay more than I should have and he did all of this without my consent."  That is impossible because the information gleaned from such a conference would only have been useful in pre-hearing settlement efforts.  In other words, Darrin had to have signed off on a settlement agreement with the opposing party or the court would have made an order in open court after actually hearing the matter.  Darrin would not have agreed to pay more than we suspected the judge would order on the bench, based upon the information conveyed in the chambers conference.  If that's the case, how could the agreement have cost him "more than it should have?"
Third, immediately after reading the review, I looked through my records to see if I ever represented anyone named Darrin and whose last name began with an L.  It turns out that I never represented anyone by that name.
Sadly, there are plenty of reasons why someone would provide a false review with regard to a particular product or service provider.  One such explanation is that the review was given by the opposing party on a case that I handled.  Another possible explanation is that the review was written by a competitor of mine.  Moreover, it could have been written by someone who disagrees with my point of view, as conveyed in the articles that I write.  Regardless, after receiving Darrin's review, I explained all of this in an email I sent to Yelp and the review was never removed.
Meanwhile, I was recently retained by a client who resides in Colorado, to represent her in a family law matter in California.  Lawyers represent clients who reside in other states all the time, when the matter is subject to jurisdiction in the state in which the lawyer is located.  After completing her project, the client submitted the following review on Yelp:  "Mark did an excellent job on my case. He drafted my spousal support paperwork and got it processed through the court system and employer quickly and efficiently. I was apprehensive about contracting services from an attorney long distance, from another state, but he kept in touch, responded promptly and completed the task for the price agreed upon. I would certainly use his services for any future legal issues and would recommend his practice."  That client also gave me 5 out of 5 possible stars.
Due to Darrin's review, my office has a 4 star rating on Yelp, even though I have received a 5 star rating from everyone else who has reviewed my office on that site.  My Colorado client's review actually raised my Yelp rating to 4 ½ stars, but that was before Yelp removed the rating because it is "not currently recommended."  I am afraid that as of now, my office once again has a 4 star rating on Yelp.
Considering how Yelp has handled the reviews pertaining to my office, it most certainly does not "recommend the most helpful and reliable reviews for the Yelp community."  In fact, my experiences have been quite the contrary.  In and of itself, this would be bad enough when it comes to relying on Yelp reviews as "real evidence," but it only gets worse.
On September 2, 2014, the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco ruled that even if Yelp removes "positive reviews or writes negative reviews to pressure the companies to pay for advertising, [that is] at most, hard bargaining" and therefore perfectly legal.
Taking all of this into consideration, I would be highly suspect in relying upon Yelp reviews in the future.  I wish this were not true because it just makes it that much more difficult and confusing for customers to locate "real evidence" that is so essential to properly vet products and services.
Follow Mark Baer on Twitter: www.twitter.com/MarkBBaerEsq
More:
Family Law Mediator Fake Yelp Reviews Customer Testimonials Marriage Problems Judges Yelp Lawsuit Evidence Based Decision Making Testimonial Evidence Family Law Attorney Family Lawyers Yelp Review Testimonials Judge Divorce Mediator Family Law Court Family Law Mediation Mediators Film and TV Reviews Yelp Restaurant Reviews Family Law Yelp Mediator Ratings Family Law Judges Yelp Reviews Yelp Extortion Divorce Advice
This Blogger's Books and Other Items from...

10 Life Lessons For Excelling In Your 30sreddit
A couple weeks ago I turned 30. Leading up to my birthday I wrote a post on what I learned in my 20s .
But I did something else. I sent an email out to my subscribers and asked readers age 37 and older what advice they would give their 30-year-old selves. The idea was that I would crowdsource the life experience from my older readership and create another article based on their collective wisdom.
The result was spectacular. I received over 600 responses, many of which were over a page in length. It took me a solid three days to read through them all and I was floored by the quality of insight people sent.
So first of all, a hearty thank you to all who contributed and helped create this article.
While going through the emails what surprised me the most was just how consistent some of the advice was. The same 5-6 pieces of advice came up over and over and over again in different forms across literally 100s of emails. It seems that there really are a few core pieces of advice that are particularly relevant to this decade of your life.
Below are 10 of the most common themes appearing throughout all of the 600 emails. The majority of the article is comprised of dozens of quotes taken from readers. Some are left anonymous. Others have their age listed.
1. Start Saving for Retirement Now, Not Later
"I spent my 20s recklessly, but your 30s should be when you make a big financial push. Retirement planning is not something to put off. Understanding boring things like insurance, 401ks & mortgages is important since its all on your shoulders now. Educate yourself." (Kash, 41)
The most common piece of advice -- so common that almost every single email said at least something about it -- was to start getting your financial house in order and to start saving for retirement... today.
There were a few categories this advice fell into:
Make it your top priority to pay down all of your debt as soon as possible.
Keep an "emergency fund" -- there were tons of horror stories about people getting financially ruined by health issues, lawsuits, divorces, bad business deals, etc.
Stash away a portion of every paycheck, preferably into a 401k, an IRA or at the least, a savings account.
Don't spend frivolously. Don't buy a home unless you can afford to get a good mortgage with good rates.
Don't invest in anything you don't understand. Don't trust stockbrokers.
One reader said, "If you are in debt more than 10 percent of your gross annual salary this is a huge red flag. Quit spending, pay off your debt and start saving." Another wrote, "I would have saved more money in an emergency fund because unexpected expenses really killed my budget. I would have been more diligent about a retirement fund, because now mine looks pretty small."
And then there were the readers who were just completely screwed by their inability to save in their 30s. One reader named Jodi wishes she had started saving 10 percent of every paycheck when she was 30. Her career took a turn for the worst and now she's stuck at 57, still living paycheck to paycheck. Another woman, age 62, didn't save because her husband out-earned her. They later got divorced and she soon ran into health problems, draining all of the money she received in the divorce settlement. She, too, now lives paycheck to paycheck, slowly waiting for the day social security kicks in. Another man related a story of having to be supported by his son because he didn't save and unexpectedly lost his job in the 2008 crash.
The point was clear: save early and save as much as possible. One woman emailed me saying that she had worked low-wage jobs with two kids in her 30s and still managed to sock away some money in a retirement fund each year. Because she started early and invested wisely, she is now in her 50s and financially stable for the first time in her life. Her point: it's always possible. You just have to do it.
Gee whiz! Saving is so easy and so fun!
2. Start Taking Care of Your Health Now, Not Later
"Your mind's acceptance of age is 10 to 15 years behind your body's aging. Your health will go faster than you think but it will be very hard to notice, not the least because you don't want it to happen." (Tom, 55)
We all know to take care of our health. We all know to eat better and sleep better and exercise more and blah, blah, blah. But just as with the retirement savings, the response from the older readers was loud and unanimous: get healthy and stay healthy now.
So many people said it that I'm not even going to bother quoting anybody else. Their points were pretty much all the same: the way you treat your body has a cumulative effect; it's not that your body suddenly breaks down one year, it's been breaking down all along without you noticing. This is the decade to slow down that breakage.
And this wasn't just your typical motherly advice to eat your veggies. These were emails from cancer survivors, heart attack survivors, stroke survivors, people with diabetes and blood pressure problems, joint issues and chronic pain. They all said the same thing: "If I could go back, I would start eating better and exercising and I would not stop. I made excuses then. But I had no idea."
The key to salad is to laugh while eating it.
3. Don't Spend Time with People Who Don't Treat You Well
"Learn how to say "no" to people, activities and obligations that don't bring value to your life." (Hayley, 37)
After calls to take care of your health and your finances, the most common piece of advice from people looking back at their 30-year-old selves was an interesting one: they would go back and enforce stronger boundaries in their lives and dedicate their time to better people. "Setting healthy boundaries is one of the most loving things you can do for yourself or another person." (Kristen, 43)
What does that mean specifically?
"Don't tolerate people who don't treat you well. Period. Don't tolerate them for financial reasons. Don't tolerate them for emotional reasons. Don't tolerate them for the children's sake or for convenience sake." (Jane, 52)
"Don't settle for mediocre friends, jobs, love, relationships and life." (Sean, 43)
"Stay away from miserable people... they will consume you, drain you." (Gabriella, 43)
"Surround yourself and only date people that make you a better version of yourself, that bring out your best parts, love and accept you." (Xochie)
People typically struggle with boundaries because they find it difficult to hurt someone else's feelings, or they get caught up in the desire to change the other person or make them treat them the way they want to be treated. This never works. And in fact, it often makes it worse. As one reader wisely said, "Selfishness and self-interest are two different things. Sometimes you have to be cruel to be kind."
When we're in our 20s, the world is so open to opportunity and we're so short on experience that we cling to the people we meet, even if they've done nothing to earn our clingage. But by our 30s we've learned that good relationships are hard to come by, that there's no shortage of people to meet and friends to be made, and that there's no reason to waste our time with people who don't help us on our life's path.
Gently let go of those who are not making your life better.
4. Be Good to the People You Care About
"Show up with and for your friends. You matter, and your presence matters." (Jessica, 40)
Conversely, while enforcing stricter boundaries on who we let into our lives, many readers advised to make the time for those friends and family that we do decide to keep close.
"I think sometimes I may have taken some relationships for granted, and when that person is gone, they're gone. Unfortunately, the older you get, well, things start to happen, and it will affect those closest to you." (Ed, 45)
"Appreciate those close to you. You can get money back and jobs back, but you can never get time back." (Anne, 41)
"Tragedy happens in everyone's life, everyone's circle of family and friends. Be the person that others can count on when it does. I think that between 30 and 40 is the decade when a lot of shit finally starts to happen that you might have thought never would happen to you or those you love. Parents die, spouses die, babies are still-born, friends get divorced, spouses cheat... the list goes on and on. Helping someone through these times by simply being there, listening and not judging is an honor and will deepen your relationships in ways you probably can't yet imagine." (Rebecca, 40)
5. You Can't Have Everything; Focus on Doing a Few Things Really Well
"Everything in life is a trade-off. You give up one thing to get another and you can't have it all. Accept that." (Eldri, 60)
In our 20s we have a lot of dreams. We believe that we have all of the time in the world. I myself remember having illusions that my website would be my first career of many. Little did I know that it took the better part of a decade to even get competent at this. And now that I'm competent and have a major advantage and love what I do, why would I ever trade that in for another career?
"In a word: focus. You can simply get more done in life if you focus on one thing and do it really well. Focus more." (Ericson, 49)
Another reader:
"I would tell myself to focus on one or two goals/aspirations/dreams and really work towards them. Don't get distracted." And another: "You have to accept that you cannot do everything. It takes a lot of sacrifice to achieve anything special in life."
A few readers noted that most people arbitrarily choose their careers in their late teens or early 20s, and as with many of our choices at those ages, they are often wrong choices. It takes years to figure out what we're good at and what we enjoy doing. But it's better to focus on our primary strengths and maximize them over the course of lifetime than to half-ass something else.
"I'd tell my 30-year-old self to set aside what other people think and identify my natural strengths and what I'm passionate about, and then build a life around those." (Sara, 58)
For some people, this will mean taking big risks, even in their 30s and beyond. It may mean ditching a career they spent a decade building and giving up money they worked hard for and became accustomed to. Which brings us to...
6. Don't Be Afraid of Taking Risks, You Can Still Change
"While by age 30 most feel they should have their career dialed in, it is never too late to reset. The individuals that I have seen with the biggest regrets during this decade are those that stay in something that they know is not right. It is such an easy decade to have the days turn to weeks to years, only to wake up at 40 with a mid-life crisis for not taking action on a problem they were aware of 10 years prior but failed to act." (Richard, 41)
"Biggest regrets I have are almost exclusively things I did *not* do." (Sam, 47)
Many readers commented on how society tells us that by 30 we should have things "figured out" -- our career situation, our dating/marriage situation, our financial situation and so on. But this isn't true. And, in fact, dozens and dozens of readers implored to not let these social expectations of "being an adult" deter you from taking some major risks and starting over. As someone on my Facebook page responded: "All adults are winging it."
"I am about to turn 41 and would tell my 30 year old self that you do not have to conform your life to an ideal that you do not believe in. Live your life, don't let it live you. Don't be afraid of tearing it all down if you have to, you have the power to build it all back up again." (Lisa, 41)
Multiple readers related making major career changes in their 30s and being better off for doing so. One left a lucrative job as a military engineer to become a teacher. Twenty years later, he called it one of the best decisions of his life. When I asked my mom this question, her answer was, "I wish I had been willing to think outside the box a bit more. Your dad and I kind of figured we had to do thing A, thing B, thing C, but looking back I realize we didn't have to at all; we were very narrow in our thinking and our lifestyles and I kind of regret that."
"Less fear. Less fear. Less fear. I am about to turn 50 next year, and I am just getting that lesson. Fear was such a detrimental driving force in my life at 30. It impacted my marriage, my career, my self-image in a fiercely negative manner. I was guilty of: Assuming conversations that others might be having about me. Thinking that I might fail. Wondering what the outcome might be. If I could do it again, I would have risked more." (Aida, 49)
7. You Must Continue to Grow and Develop Yourself
"You have two assets that you can never get back once you've lost them: your body and your mind. Most people stop growing and working on themselves in their 20s. Most people in their 30s are too busy to worry about self-improvement. But if you're one of the few who continues to educate themselves, evolve their thinking and take care of their mental and physical health, you will be light-years ahead of the pack by 40." (Stan, 48)
It follows that if one can still change in their 30s -- and should continue to change in their 30s -- then one must continue to work to improve and grow. Many readers related the choice of going back to school and getting their degrees in their 30s as one of the most useful things they had ever done. Others talked of taking extra seminars and courses to get a leg up. Others started their first businesses or moved to new countries. Others checked themselves into therapy or began a meditation practice.
As Warren Buffett once said , the greatest investment a young person can make is in their own education, in their own mind. Because money comes and goes. Relationships come and go. But what you learn once stays with you forever.
"The number one goal should be to try to become a better person, partner, parent, friend, colleague etc. -- in other words to grow as an individual." (Aimilia, 39)
8. Nobody (Still) Knows What They're Doing, Get Used to It
"Unless you are already dead -- mentally, emotionally, and socially -- you cannot anticipate your life 5 years into the future. It will not develop as you expect. So just stop it. Stop assuming you can plan far ahead, stop obsessing about what is happening right now because it will change anyway, and get over the control issue about your life's direction. Fortunately, because this is true, you can take even more chances and not lose anything; you cannot lose what you never had. Besides, most feelings of loss are in your mind anyway - few matter in the long term." (Thomas, 56)
In my article about what I learned in my 20s , one of my lessons was "Nobody Knows What They're Doing," and that this was good news. Well, according to the 40+ crowd, this continues to be true in one's 30s and, well, forever it seems; and it continues to be good news forever as well.
"Most of what you think is important now will seem unimportant in 10 or 20 years and that's OK. That's called growth. Just try to remember to not take yourself so seriously all the time and be open to it." (Simon, 57)
"Despite feeling somewhat invincible for the last decade, you really don't know what's going to happen and neither does anyone else, no matter how confidently they talk. While this is disturbing to those who cling to permanence or security, it's truly liberating once you grasp the truth that things are always changing. To finish, there might be times that are really sad. Don't dull the pain or avoid it. Sorrow is part of everyone's lifetime and the consequence of an open and passionate heart. Honor that. Above all, be kind to yourself and others, it's such a brilliant and beautiful ride and keeps on getting better." (Prue, 38)
"I'm 44. I would remind my 30 year old self that at 40, my 30s would be equally filled with dumb stuff, different stuff, but still dumb stuff... So, 30 year old self, don't go getting on your high horse. You STILL don't know it all. And that's a good thing." (Shirley, 44)
9. Invest in Your Family; It's Worth It
"Spend more time with your folks. It's a different relationship when you're an adult and it's up to you how you redefine your interactions. They are always going to see you as their kid until the moment you can make them see you as your own man. Everyone gets old. Everyone dies. Take advantage of the time you have left to set things right and enjoy your family." (Kash, 41)
I was overwhelmed with amount of responses about family and the power of those responses. Family is the big new relevant topic for this decade for me, because you get it on both ends. Your parents are old and you need to start considering how your relationship with them is going to function as a self-sufficient adult. And then you also need to contemplate creating a family of your own.
Pretty much everybody agreed to get over whatever problems you have with your parents and find a way to make it work with them. One reader wrote, "You're too old to blame your parents for any of your own short-comings now. At 20 you could get away with it, you'd just left the house. At 30, you're a grown-up. Seriously. Move on."
But then there's the question that plagues every single 30-year-old: to baby or not to baby?
"You don't have the time. You don't have the money. You need to perfect your career first. They'll end your life as you know it. Oh shut up... Kids are great. They make you better in every way. They push you to your limits. They make you happy. You should not defer having kids. If you are 30, now is the time to get real about this. You will never regret it." (Kevin, 38)
"It's never the 'right time' for children because you have no idea what you're getting into until you have one. If you have a good marriage and environment to raise them, err on having them earlier rather than later, you'll get to enjoy more of them." (Cindy, 45)
"All my preconceived notions about what a married life is like were wrong. Unless you've already been married, everyone's are. Especially once you have kids. Try to stay open to the experience and fluid as a person; your marriage is worth it, and your happiness seems as much tied to your ability to change and adapt as anything else. I wasn't planning on having kids. From a purely selfish perspective, this was the dumbest thing of all. Children are the most fulfilling, challenging, and exhausting endeavor anyone can ever undertake. Ever." (Rich, 44)
The consensus about marriage seemed to be that it was worth it, assuming you had a healthy relationship with the right person. If not, you should run the other way (See #3).
But interestingly, I got a number of emails like the following:
"What I know now vs 10-13 years ago is simply this... bars, woman, beaches, drink after drink, clubs, bottle service, trips to different cities because I had no responsibility other than work, etc... I would trade every memory of that life for a good woman that was actually in love with me... and maybe a family. I would add, don't forget to actually grow up and start a family and take on responsibilities other than success at work. I am still having a little bit of fun... but sometimes when I go out, I feel like the guy that kept coming back to high school after he graduated (think Matthew McConaughey's character in Dazed and Confused). I see people in love and on dates everywhere. "Everyone" my age is in their first or second marriage by now! Being perpetually single sounds amazing to all of my married friends but it is not the way one should choose to live their life." (Anonymous, 43)
"I would have told myself to stop constantly searching for the next best thing and I would have appreciated the relationships that I had with some of the good, genuine guys that truly cared for me. Now I'm always alone and it feels too late." (Fara, 38)
On the flip side, there were a small handful of emails that took the other side of the coin:
"Don't feel pressured to get married or have kids if you don't want to. What makes one person happy doesn't make everyone happy. I've chosen to stay single and childless and I still live a happy and fulfilled life. Do what feels right for you." (Anonymous, 40)
Conclusion: It seems that while family is not absolutely necessary to have a happy and fulfilling life, the majority of people have found that family is always worth the investment, assuming the relationships are healthy and not toxic and/or abusive.
10. Be kind to yourself, respect yourself
"Be a little selfish and do something for yourself every day, something different once a month and something spectacular every year." (Nancy, 60)
This one was rarely the central focus of any email, but it was present in some capacity in almost all of them: treat yourself better. Almost everybody said this in one form or another. "There is no one who cares about or thinks about your life a fraction of what you do," one reader began, and, "life is hard, so learn to love yourself now, it's harder to learn later," another reader finished.
Or as Renee, 40, succinctly put it: "Be kind to yourself."
Many readers included the old cliche: "Don't sweat the small stuff; and it's almost all small stuff." Eldri, 60, wisely said, "When confronted with a perceived problem, ask yourself, 'Is this going to matter in five years, ten years?' If not, dwell on it for a few minutes, then let it go." It seems many readers have focused on the subtle life lesson of simply accepting life as is, warts and all.
Which brings me to the last quote from Martin, age 58:
"When I turned forty my father told me that I'd enjoy my forties because in your twenties you think you know what's going on, in your thirties you realize you probably don't, and in your forties you can relax and just accept things. I'm 58 and he was right."
Thank you to everyone who contributed.
Mark Manson is an entrepreneur and author. This post first appeared on his website, markmanson.net . Become a subscriber here .
Follow Mark Manson on Twitter: www.twitter.com/IAmMarkManson
More:

Mediating When Communication Breaks Down Between Coworkersreddit
When coworkers are caught in conflict, do you know how to re-open the lines of communication without getting trapped in the fallout? Do you care--or do you just stay clear?  As a leader, here's what you can do to help minimize the grumbling, reduce the stress, and resolve the issue:
Avoid taking sides and talking the opposition over to the other viewpoint. Work with both individuals from the very beginning. You may decide to meet with both people together or separately. If you meet with them separately, make sure both understand that what they share with you may not necessarily be withheld from the other person. You may need to use that information to verify and clarify with the other person. If you don't warn them upfront, they may think you're "breaking their confidence."
Interview the bystanders. You can only make sense of someone else's conflict when armed with unbiased versions of events and circumstances. Casually observe how "innocent bystanders" react to the situation. What do they have to say about the issues? Be careful, of course, that you don't just collect the data that was passed on to them from the other people directly involved. Just probe for what they've observed first-hand. Identify facts, assumptions, and feelings. They all count.
Handle the PR. If you can pass on complimentary remarks from one person to the other, do so. If not, you may have to dig into the past to find these gems. "Jerry, Antonio does respect your work. If you recall, last quarter he asked to be assigned to your team on the Bilcox project." The purpose is to help them recall their past good relationship (if that's been the case.) Sharing positive remarks adds credence to other things the person says. If someone is willing to confirm the good, chances are they'll likely be honest--as they see it--about the current problem.
Offer to coach. Restate their common goals--again and again. "Omar, you're concerned with cutting costs in this division this quarter. Bianca, you have the same mindset--get the bottom-line back in the black."  They need constant reminders of where they're going--the finish line. This step is particularly important if the mediation has taken several days or even weeks.
Mediate. If either person balks during the process, then as a last resort, assume a more official mediator role:
1) Share your conclusions about where you believe both have miscommunicated in the past. Point out their invalid assumptions and perceptions about each other's intentions, actions, and communication. This will be the toughest part of your task. At the least, ask each person to paraphrase to you how he or she thinks the other views things and how he or she feels about those events or circumstances.
2) Advocate "no-fault" resolution. When you are involved as mediator, the people in conflict have an added investment in maintaining their self-esteem. It's bad enough to admit error or fault to one person; it's doubly difficult to admit fault to two people--especially if one of them is your boss. So downplay any effort to place blame.
Say it loudly, clearly, and frequently: "Conflict is inevitable. No one has to be at fault. Conflict just is. Let's focus on working out a resolution." And then make sure your phrasing supports that premise and forget cause and effect.
3) Ask them to suggest resolutions. They'll more likely follow through on their ideas--not yours. If necessary, reiterate their criteria and reasons for coming to resolution. As suggestions meet the criteria, record them, and ask for reaction from the other person. Accept. Check for agreement. Accept. Check for agreement.
4) Ensure that the solution is acceptable to both--not a "win" for one and a "withdrawal" for the other. Your presence ensures that one person does not overpower the other.
When you've been successful in helping others through a conflict crisis, they'll rely on you again and again. And you'll have the satisfaction of knowing you've deactivated a productivity problem and kept one more relationship intact.
Follow Dianna Booher on Twitter: www.twitter.com/DiannaBooher
More:

Govt cancels SEZs of Adani  Essar  Hindalco  six othersHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Govt cancels SEZs of Adani, Essar, Hindalco, six others
Our Bureau
Board finds progress made by developers unsatisfactory
New Delhi, September 29:  
The Government has cancelled approvals of nine special economic zones (SEZ) including that of Adani, Essar and Hindalco. This decision was taken by the Board of Approvals (BoA) for SEZ, at its meeting on September 18.
With this cancellation, the nine SEZs will have to refund any tax or duty benefit, if received.
State representation
According to the BoA, the progress made by the developers and co-developers of SEZs was not satisfactory. The BoA is an inter-ministerial body chaired by the Commerce Secretary. The States are also represented in it.
Adani Townships & Real Estate Company got the formal approval on June 12, 2007 to set up an SEZ for Information Technology (IT) and Information Technology Enabled Services (ITES) in Gujarat.
SEZ rules say such formal approval is valid for three years, during which the zone has to become operational, with production commencing in at least one unit.
The rules also prescribe the validity of extensions. However, if there is no satisfactory progress even after an extension, the approval can be cancelled.
Essar’s proposed Jamnagar SEZ (Gujarat) was for multiple products. The company received formal approval on August 21, 2006. Hindalco had got formal approval for its aluminium product SEZ in Odisha on July 30, 2007.
“The approval is subject to the Development Commissioner furnishing a certificate... that the developer has not availed itself of any tax/duty benefits under SEZ Act/Rules or has refunded any such benefits received by it and is subject to the State government furnishing its no-objection certificate to the proposal,” the minutes of the September 18 meeting said.
The other developers whose SEZs were cancelled include Asia Pacific Corporation Limited (for polymer-based products in Gujarat), Gaurinandan Property Holders Private Limited (for IT/ITES in Gujarat), Gujarat Industrial Development Corporation (for a ceramic and glass unit in Gujarat), Chennai Business Park (for IT/ITES in Tamil Nadu), Integrated Warehousing Kandla Project Development (for FTWZ in Gujarat) and Viraj Profiles Limited (for stainless steel engineering product in Maharashtra).
(This article was published on September 29, 2014)
Related

All you wanted to know about: DPCOA weekly column that puts the fun into learning
September 29, 2014:  
If the Government keeps a close watch over diesel prices, air fares and even mobile phone tariffs, why doesn’t it do something about the spiralling prices of medicines? If that’s your question, it does through the Drug (Pricing Control) Order (DPCO). Recently, it was much in the news after the Government decided to roll back the guideline which could have practically brought the entire industry under price control. To ensure that vital drugs are available at affordable prices, the Government exercises control over the prices of certain drugs it defines as ‘essential’. The Drug Pricing Policy 2013 provides the framework through which ceiling prices for these essential drugs are worked out. These price limits are given effect by passing the order referred to as the DPCO.
What is it?
Under the provisions of DPCO 2013, only the prices of drugs that figure in the National List of Essential Medicines (NLEM) are monitored and controlled by the regulator, the National Pharma Pricing Authority. Under the earlier avatar of the DPCO (1995), 74 drugs were subject to price control. In the 2013 version, the number of drugs under the price control was expanded five-fold to 348. The recent controversy over drug prices erupted after the NPPA decided to regulate the prices of drugs outside the NLEM; the Government has now said that it should stick to regulating essential medicines alone.
In May 2013, NPPA notified that the maximum prices for these 348 essential drug formulations cannot exceed the average price of various brands (of the same underlying formulation) with a market share of one per cent or more. This is a departure from the cost plus pricing formula used in DPCO 1995. Then, companies were allowed to make a nominal profit over manufacturing cost. While the coverage of newer drugs used to treat cardiovascular problems and diabetes under DPCO 2013 has benefited patients, the move from a cost- to a market-based pricing mechanism has been positive for drug-makers too.
Why is it important?
India is a branded generic market, which means doctors prescribe the brand of each medicine to be consumed by patients, rather than the underlying formulation. Despite availability of cheaper brands, doctors in many cases prescribe leading brands which are priced at a premium. As patients are ignorant about cheaper substitutes, they seldom switch to the low-cost equivalents of the expensive drug brands recommended by their doctors. Patients have little discretion in the choice, making it necessary for the state to intervene and make essential drugs available to the needy at reasonable prices.
Why should I care?
Every change in the NLEM and drug pricing policy can have a bearing on your medical bills, if the drugs prescribed by your doctor come under the essential medicines category. Also, if you have invested or intend to invest in pharma stocks which derive revenues and profits from the domestic market, you may have to keep a close watch on such moves. Any move by the Government to cut drug prices may help you as a patient but hurt you as an investor.
Bottomline
The Government fixing prices of drugs isn’t exactly ‘free’ market. But then, with patients going entirely by their doctors’ prescription, one can argue that the market for essential drugs is not free and fair either.
(This article was published on September 29, 2014)
Related

Panneerselvam sworn in TN CMPanneerselvam sworn in TN CM
Our Bureau
PTI AIADMK leader O Panneerselvam in a sombre mood at the Raj Bhavan after being sworn in Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu on Monday. - PTI
31-member Cabinet takes oath
Chennai, September 29:  
The Tamil Nadu Finance Minister O Panneerselvam was sworn in as the Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu in a simple ceremony at the Raj Bhavan on Monday.
Two days after the conviction and imprisonment of J Jayalalithaa, the previous chief minister, in a corruption case, Panneerselvam was elected leader of the AIADMK Legislature party on Sunday.
Oath of office
The Governor administered the oath of office to an emotional Panneerselvam, who broke down and started sobbing during the formal event.
Along with him, a 31-member cabinet, consisting of ministers under Jayalalithaa, including TKM Chinnayya, Natham R Viswanathan, S Gokula Indira, BV Ramanaa, and B Valarmathi were also sworn in.
The portfolios of Public, Home and Police handled by Jayalalithaa will come under Panneerselvam in addition to his earlier responsibility. The portfolios of other ministers remain unchanged, according to official sources.
Second time
The ministers were teary eyed and could be seen wiping their eyes as they took oath.
This is for the second time that Panneerselvam has become the Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu.
Earlier, he served as chief minister for six months in 2001 after Jayalalithaa stepped down as CM following her conviction in the Tansi case.
Panneerselvam resigned from the post in March 2002 after the Supreme Court squashed Jayalalithaa’s conviction in the case.
Jayalalithaa was convicted and sentenced to four years imprisonment on corruption charges by a special court in Bangalore on Saturday.
She was found guilty of accumulating assets disproportionate to income in the case relating to the period between 1991 and 1996 when she was the chief minister of Tamil Nadu. The case dragged on for over 18 years before verdict was passed.
(This article was published on September 29, 2014)
Related

HK democracy protests test Beijing© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/85d95cd2-478a-11e4-ba74-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Icahn Considers $100 Million Bid for Atlantic City Casinoicahn considers $100 million bid for atlantic city casino
What Was Your Back-To-School Shopping List Missing Chances Are You Forgot The College Savings Planreddit
Many headlines about saving for college are stressful -- tuition rising at rates double inflation, the nation's growing $1.2 trillion student debt (yes, that's trillion with a "t"!), fewer grants and scholarships, etc. Unsurprisingly, 28 percent of parents report losing sleep over college costs.*
But the best way for parents to put aside their college worries, get some needed zzz's and bypass the stress about paying for college is to save for it in advance. Our research shows that every dollar saved ahead of time can equate to almost $2 that won't have to be paid in debt later.**
September is National College Savings Month. And rather than dread college costs and how to cover them, I invite you to celebrate college savings this month and throughout the year.
So what's the best way to celebrate college savings this month and put to bed the stress about college costs? How can you turn pie-in-the-sky savings aspirations into attainable goals? Here are some tips for the year:
First Semester
Create a plan and get started. Opening a 529 account can be the first step toward maximizing college savings, because 529s provide federal tax benefits and flexibility for college savings that aren't available with most other types of accounts. And they often offer state tax benefits as well. Maybe your goal is to cover all college costs. Maybe it's a specific dollar amount you want to reach. I recommend that families save enough for a "down payment" on college (i.e., enough to cover half the total cost). No matter what, it's important to identify a goal that's feasible for your family and map out what you need to do to accomplish it. To save for all four years at a public college, you might need to save a little over $400 per month for a newborn.*** That number may sound big, but it doesn't take into consideration any large, one-time contributions, say from a tax refund, year-end bonus, or grandparents. The "down payment" model would require less upfront -- about $250 a month.
Plan a "fundraiser" as a family. Many schools have fundraisers at the beginning of the year. Work together as a family to get the kids involved in fundraising for college. Maybe they will put aside a portion of their allowance or babysitting pay.
Winter Break
Get friends and family involved. Instead of a gift card, ask friends and family to celebrate the holidays by helping with future college expenses. The value of their 529 contributions will likely far outlast anything they purchased on Black Friday.
Second Semester
Tutor others. If you've opened a 529 account and are working toward your goal, chances are that you're ahead of the class -- so help others. Strike up a conversation about college savings with your friends and neighbors. Encourage them to hit the books on saving for college and perhaps check out the title Everybody Freaks Out! But It's Going to Be Okay .
Summer Vacation
Reflect on your success so far and how you're progressing toward your goal. Doing so can help increase your child's confidence in attending college. Seventy-four percent of kids who have frequent discussions with their parents about saving for and attending college are confident that they will attend versus only 46 percent among kids who do not have these discussions.*
Check back in each College Savings Month to make sure you're still on track to meet your goals. For more help on how to get started, visit CollegeSavingsChillout.com .
Please note that a 529 plan's disclosure document includes investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing. You should compare these plans with any 529 college savings plan offered by your home state or your beneficiary's home state. Before investing, consider any state tax or other benefits that are only available for investments in the home state's plan.
*T. Rowe Price's Sixth Annual Parents, Kids & Money Survey.
**T. Rowe Price analyzed how much would have to be saved over 18 years to cover $40,000 in college costs and how much more it would cost to borrow that amount. Assuming the borrower took the loan at the beginning of the first year of college, he or she would pay about $61,000 in current dollars over the next 14 years (four years of school plus ten years to repay the loan), assuming an average annual 8 percent interest rate. The saver would only have had to contribute about $32,000 in current dollars over 18 years, assuming a 6 percent average annual return minus 0.85 percent in annual 529 account fees.
***This assumes an investment return of 6 percent annually. The future cost of college was calculated based on the 2012 total cost for the average 4-year public university education ($19,093) for a family in the third income quartile (annual household income of $65,000-$106,000 in 2012) after the average amount of grants and scholarships for this group was subtracted. The cost was then inflated at 5.5 percent for 18 years. Source for average 4-year college cost: U.S. Department of Education, National Center for Education Statistics, 2011-12 National Postsecondary Student Aid Study.
Close
States With Highest Average Student Debt - TICAS - Class Of 2012
of

Want to Be Stinking Rich Major in Economics.Make it rain buddy, make it rain.
Photo by Joe Raedle/Getty Images
Want to guarantee yourself a steady, well-paid career? Major in engineering. Want to take a shot at striking it rich? Then major in economics.
At least, that's how I'd sum up the findings of a new report and interactive tool from the Hamilton Project , which looks at how the value of a college degree changes depending on your major. This is already a pretty well-explored subject . But the Hamilton study is especially nifty, because instead of calculating what the "typical" college graduate can expect to make over the course of a career, like many researchers do, it shows a whole range of potential outcomes, from the fifth percentile of earners up to the 95th percentile. And of the best-paid graduates in all fields, economics majors rake in the most.
Advertisement
To start off, here's the sort of graph you're probably used to seeing. Using data from the Census Bureau, which began asking college graduates about their majors in 2009, it shows the annual income that the median college graduate in four common majors can expect to make in each year of her career. Of the group, English grads make the least, business majors do a bit better, while engineering and econ grads jockey for the top spot. (Quick note: These numbers cover only graduates without advanced degrees. We'll come back to the grad-schoolers in a bit.)
The Hamilton Project
Now check out how the view changes when, instead of tracking median graduate, we look at all graduates. The graph below depicts the range of lifetime earnings that graduates in each major can expect to make. Up until about the 57th percentile, engineers make the most. But then the earnings curve for economics grads basically goes parabolic. At the 95th percentile, they can expect to earn more than $3 million more during their lifetime than an engineering grad.
The Hamilton Project
Does the outcome change if you start factoring grad school into the equation? Nope. Brad Hershbein, one of the study's authors, confirmed for me that "at the 95th percentile and above, economics outearns every other major," whether or not graduates have gone on to earn advanced degrees. For those with just an undergraduate degree, economics becomes the top-paid major at the 92nd percentile, passing engineers who specialize in energy and extraction technology (basically, kids who go to college in order to learn how to drill oil out of the ground). When you factor in Americans with graduate degrees, as in the graph below, econ becomes the top-paid major at the 94th percentile, where it passes biochemistry and molecular biology, which produce lots of doctors. I've thrown the energy engineers and history buffs onto the graph as extra points of reference.
So why are econ grads so good at making it rain? Part of it is that the finance and consulting industries like recruiting them, not necessarily for their specific skills, but because they consider the major a basic intelligence test. Granted, we're probably not seeing the effect of Goldman Sachs or Private Equity salaries in these charts, since they only stop at the 95th percentile of earners—but banking is a big industry, and it pays well. There's also an element of self-selection. Plenty of engineers have the math skills to hack it at a bank (film fans may recall Stanley Tucci's speech about how he once built a bridge in Margin Call ), but choose a slightly less lucrative but probably more fulfilling career path. Not everyone wants to spend a career turning money into more money. No matter how well it pays.
Jordan Weissmann is Slate's senior business and economics correspondent.

Editorial: As the tax cases pile upE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Celeb Quotient: Celebrities in UNE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

US to become largest petroleum producerUS poised to become world’s leading liquid petroleum producer
By Ed Crooks in New York and Anjli Raval in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/98104974-47e4-11e4-be7b-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The indispensable countryBatista trial a landmark for Brazil
Prospects are bright here and in a few other countries including Canada. As the gush of crude from North America strengthened, analysts predicted it would send prices tumbling and open a new era of cheap fuel. It has not happened.
That is because the great advances in US shale have coincided with political upheaval in big oil-producing countries. Political instability in Libya, Iraq and Venezuela has stoked concerns about disruption and threats to future supplies. International sanctions on Iran have also reduced the global supply of oil, and Nigeria’s industry is plagued by theft.
Were it not for the new production in the US, which has cut the country’s imports sharply, there would probably be talk of another world oil crisis. As a global energy supplier, it is, in the words of Madeleine Albright, the former secretary of state, the “indispensable nation”.
The rise of Eagle Ford has been spectacular. The advances in horizontal drilling and hydraulic fracturing, or “fracking”, which were first used to extract natural gas from shale, have in the past four years been applied here to produce oil, with remarkable results. Eagle Ford produced just 15,000 barrels of crude oil per day in 2010, but 838,000 b/d in the first four months of this year, according to the Railroad Commission of Texas, the state regulator.
Along with the Bakken formation of North Dakota , Eagle Ford is one of the heartlands of the US oil revival that has been responsible for a rise of more than 60 per cent in the country’s crude production since 2008.
“In the 1970s, the US reached what’s been called Peak Oil. But that peak was only for conventional oil,” says Greg Leveille, Conoco’s technical manager for so-called unconventional resources, which include shale. “If you look at the decline that we saw then, it was precipitous. And everybody expected it to continue. But now we have changed the trajectory of oil production in the US.”
Despite the boom in oil production here, Texans are not seeing much of a decline in fuel costs. The average price of petrol in Texas was $3.56 per US gallon last week, according to the US Energy Information Administration, as high as it was in the summer of 2011. Only in 2008, when US crude reached its record high of $147 a barrel, was fuel more expensive.
Every time they fill their tanks, Americans are reminded that oil is a global, not local, market.
Exports of crude from the US are tightly restricted under laws dating back to the energy crisis of the 1970s, when a ban was imposed to support price regulations. Exports of oil products such as petrol and diesel face no such restrictions, however, meaning that refiners can sell them at world prices. Brent, the global oil price benchmark, determines what US consumers pay, and over the past month it has had a turbulent time.
In June, Brent soared above $115 a barrel as militants from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, known as Isis, seized control of much of Iraq and appeared to be on the verge of taking Baghdad, the capital. Iraq is the second-largest producer in Opec, the oil cartel, with output of about 3.3m b/d. The loss of Iraqi exports from world markets would send prices soaring.
When Colombia became more secure, companies piled back in and production doubled
Since then, the advance of Isis has appeared to stall and Iraq’s oil production has continued largely as before. The Kurdistan Regional Government , which is keen to export more crude, seized two oilfields near the northern city of Kirkuk and said it planned to protect the infrastructure there. As a result, market alarm over potential disruption to supplies from Iraq has eased. Brent dropped to just over $104 a barrel – a three month low – on Tuesday, giving back all of the gains it put on while Isis was sweeping through northern Iraq.
The notion that consumers can now relax about Iraq is dangerously complacent, however. Conditions remain volatile and the weakness of the country’s military forces suggests that the security of its oil exports is far from guaranteed.
Even if there is no immediate disruption, the latest bout of instability poses a long-term threat to Iraq’s production. The International Energy Agency, the watchdog, predicts that Iraq will be one of the largest contributors of increased oil supply over the next five years. It is expected to provide about 60 per cent of Opec’s capacity growth between now and 2019. To play that role, though, it needs sustained foreign investment to help develop its fields.
Ed Morse, global head of commodities research at Citi, argues that even though many foreign companies are now working in Iraq, the recent violence will make it more difficult to attract additional capital. This is despite the fact that the country’s reserves are large and increasing production is technically straightforward. “When Colombia became more secure, companies piled back in and production doubled. So [security] is impactful. It is a real deterrent,” he says.
The turmoil in Iraq would be less worrying if other countries were capable of increasing supply to fill any gaps. But global oil markets are already tight.
In Libya production has slumped and is only now beginning to pick back up after exports dropped by almost 90 per cent when rebels blockaded ports a year ago. The sanctions against Iran over its nuclear programme have cut its exports, and the crime afflicting Nigerian production shows little sign of abating.
Poppy Allonby, co-head of energy at BlackRock, the fund manager, says unplanned oil production outages have increased significantly in the past three years. “In the first five months of 2014, 3.8m b/d has been offline compared to an annual average of 850,000 b/d between 2008 and 2010,” she says. “Eighty per cent of the outages so far this year have come from Libya, Iran, Syria, Iraq and Nigeria, and as such are linked to regional instability and security.”
The forecasting agencies and analysts are seriously underestimating the potential for disruption, even within Opec, over the next year or so
In the past 15 years, security has become an increasingly serious problem for oil companies around the world, according to Andrew Gould, former chief executive of Schlumberger, the oil services company, and now chairman of BG Group.
Before 2001, Schlumberger undertook security measures in only two countries, Colombia and Nigeria, he told a Financial Times conference in May. Today, the company has to conduct security operations in at least 20 countries.
“I personally feel that at the moment the forecasting agencies and the analysts are seriously underestimating the potential for disruption, even within Opec, over the next year or so,” he says.
In its most recent oil market report this month, the IEA made a similar point, warning that “Opec supply risk remains high”.
Those fears were underlined in the case of Libya by the US state department, which issued a statement at the weekend saying that Washington was “deeply concerned by the ongoing violence in Libya and dangerous posturing that could lead to widespread conflict there”. Although Libya’s oil production has been coming back on stream and exports are expected to resume, the risk of further disruption remains high.
Many countries in the Middle East and Africa that have more favourable geology than the US, meaning that their oil is physically more accessible, says Amrita Sen of Energy Aspects, a consultancy in London, but security has been their Achilles heel.
“You’ve seen a whole bunch of these countries, such as Iraq, that have opened up in recent years as they needed the oil revenues. But these countries have not been able to guarantee safety,” she says.
Oil production in some mature areas, such as the North Sea off the British coast is in steep decline. Worldwide, many oil companies are suffering from diminishing returns on their capital as soaring costs have squeezed profitability.
Although shale resources are somewhat poor and uncertain, investing in the US still looks highly attractive
A study by analysts at Barclays last month found that spending by oil companies worldwide on exploration was set to rise about 6 per cent this year to $712bn. However, the big international oil groups from the US and Europe, including ExxonMobil, Royal Dutch Shell and Total, have been reporting falling rates of return on their investments. In response to pressure from their shareholders, the groups are cutting back slightly this year. The Barclays analysts argue that this “period of under-investment . . . will lead to a period of underproduction and could drive a structural leg-up in international oil prices”.
Shale production in the US is a relatively high-cost resource because of the effort needed to get the oil out of the ground. But companies have been managing to bring those costs down and investment is still rising.
Mr Gould argues that although shale resources are “somewhat poor and uncertain”, investing in the US still “looks highly attractive”.
Ms Allonby says that even though the increase in US production has been the result of private companies’ attempts to maximise profits rather than a strategic decision by the government, as it would be for, say, Saudi Arabia, it has had a similar effect in balancing out losses to production in other countries and stabilising prices.
“Given the amount of oil offline, the oil price would likely be a lot higher were it not for the US,” she says.
From 2005 to 2013, all of the net increase in world crude production was provided by the US.
The outlook for oil prices is always unpredictable, and an event such as a sharp economic slowdown in China could send them lower for a while. In the long term, though, demand for oil in emerging economies is only going to grow, putting pressure on supplies and forcing prices higher.
Without increasing US output, the strain would be immense. The shale revolution has had a dramatic impact already. Oil consumers everywhere will hope that it can continue.
Policy liberalisation: The struggle to export American resources
Although US law allows minimal exports of unrefined crude oil, much of the country’s additional output is being shipped in the form of refined products such as diesel and heavy fuel oil, writes Ed Crooks. The great uncertainty facing the US industry is what will happen if crude production keeps rising to the point that its refining capacity – in particular, capacity for processing the light and sweet oil that comes from shale – is reached.
Oil producers are worried about the threat of a glut of crude onshore in the US, which would drive down domestic oil prices relative to internationally traded Brent.
One response has been for US refiners to invest in increased capacity to handle the extra oil, including specialised facilities known as splitters that process it just enough to meet the regulator’s definitions of products that are eligible for export.
Last month, two companies revealed they had been testing the boundaries of those definitions.
Pioneer Natural Resources and Enterprise Products Partners said they had been given permission by the US commerce department to export condensate, an ultralight form of oil, which had received only minimal processing, passing through a stabiliser tower to remove the most volatile components.
Politically, crude oil exports are a tough sell for any administration. Edward Markey, a Democratic senator from Massachusetts who has been arguing against liberalisation, puts the case in clear, populist terms. “We should keep our resources here at home for American families and businesses,” he says, “not send this oil abroad even as we import oil from dangerous regions of the world.”
More video
Even so, there is growing pressure from oil producers for further relaxation of the rules and many analysts now expect the administration to ease the restrictions gradually.
Paul Sankey from Wolfe Research expects incremental moves towards full liberalisation of crude exports, “either explicit or de facto”, by 2017.
Lifting the ban would have more of an effect on the differentials between types of crude than for prices overall. The shale boom in the US has already had a big impact on world markets because of the increase in product exports and the reduction in crude imports.
The most significant impact of liberalisation is likely to be on North American oil producers, which will receive higher prices for their output, helping them invest more and keeping the boom going.
Allowing unrestricted crude exports could add about 1.2m barrels per day to US production over 2016-30, an increase of about 14 per cent from today’s levels, according to IHS, a research group.
Related Topics

Chinas biggest challenge since 1989China’s biggest political challenge since Tiananmen in 1989
By Gideon Rachman
Beijing faces a choice in Hong Kong between repression and climbdown
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e1f7562a-4593-11e4-9b71-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The hot new consent app  Good2Go  is logging the name and phone number of everyone you have sex withBy Caitlin Dewey September 29 Follow @caitlindewey
(Good2Go)
When you use the trendy new consent app, Good2Go , you’re theoretically practicing “affirmative consent”: explicit, conscious agreement to sexual activity before it starts.
Incidentally, you’re also telling a new mobile development company with no Internet footprint or track record to speak of (a) who you’re sleeping with, (b) when you did it, and (c) how drunk or sober you were at the time.
Didn’t realize you consented to that, did you?
According to its small print, Good2Go logs personally identifiable information, including names and phone numbers, on all its users. When two people use the app to hook up, it records both users’ phone numbers, as well as the time and one partner’s sobriety. (Because Good2Go requires you to register with a name and phone number, that number is also tied to your name.) Per its privacy policy, Good2Go can share that information with law enforcement, “third-party service providers” and e-mail marketers — or anyone else, really, “for any reason, in Good2Go’s sole discretion.”
This doesn’t just mean that your data is potentially vulnerable to hackers, should they go after the service. (Good2Go stores its users’ information on Amazon Web Services, which are considered secure — but have been hacked before.) It also means the logs could transfer to another company if Good2Go is sold, be subpoenaed in a lawsuit or criminal case, or sold off to someone else entirely.
“To be clear, it is not our policy to disclose these records to just anyone,” Lee Ann Allman, the president of Good2Go and its parent company, Sandton Technologies, told the Post. “Good2Go/Sandton Technologies would need to be presented with an official, legal request via law enforcement or a specific university before we would disclose these records.”
As for marketers, she adds, the company doesn’t currently share records with them, because the app’s “initial focus is to drive adoption … and the concept of affirmative consent on college campuses.” Sandton Technologies, meanwhile, describes itself as a a “group of concerned citizens” that wants to “facilitate education and communication about affirmative consent and sexual assault prevention.”
Even if that’s true, however, and Good2Go is a wholly altruistic (albeit for-profit) enterprise, it’s unclear why its privacy policy is so incredibly lax. It’s likewise unclear why anyone would use the app, to begin with. After forcing both parties to register — with their full names, phone numbers and email addresses — Good2Go takes them through a series of questions that most consenting adults would, one hopes, be mature enough to discuss with … actual words.
(Good2Go)
“Are we Good2Go?” it starts out. (Options: Yes, no thanks, yes-but-we-should-talk.) It then asks users to self-select their level of sobriety: sober, mildly intoxicated, intoxicated but Good2Go, or pretty wasted. In an odd interface choice that does absolutely nothing to clarify the issue of sobriety and consent, the app will tell you you’re not “Good2Go” if you select “wasted,” but will not do the same if you’re “intoxicated.”
Once your potential partner has logged her alcohol consumption and willingness to get down, the app gives you blessing to do so. Meanwhile, a record of this most intimate interaction flits away into the cloud, where it will live forever until Good2Go shuts down. (Even that’s no guarantee the record will disappear: per the app’s privacy policy, the company “may not be able to control how your personal information is treated, transferred or used,” should they sell it or close shop.)
(Good2Go)
That’s a little scary from a legal standpoint, notes Slate’s Amanda Hess : do we want to see people’s sexual records showing up in trials? (Particularly when said records could be inaccurate or misleading?) Worse, is this personal, potentially embarrassing data the kind of thing we want to mindlessly hand over to unknown tech companies?
Both questions could very well be irrelevant, as it’s hard to imagine a universe in which Good2Go catches on. But this is a potent reminder that little you do online or on your phone ever really fades away; even now, cookies on washingtonpost.com are tracking you — and if you click over to Facebook, that site will store your every click and keystroke. But by and large, we remain oblivious to how our data is tracked , and by who, and for what purpose. By some estimates, fewer than one in 10 people ever read the terms of service in full.
As Good2Go makes all too clear, however, you can’t consent to something you don’t understand or aren’t aware of. So next time you click the “agree to privacy policy” checkbox … you may actually want to read the privacy policy first.
Caitlin Dewey runs The Intersect blog, writing about digital and Internet culture. Before joining the Post, she was an associate online editor at Kiplinger’s Personal Finance.

Columns: Jaitleys strong defence credentialsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Columns: SC -In anger  pain and shameE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Caffeinated Underwear FTC Says It Lacks Buzzcaffeinated underwear ftc says it lacks buzz
Can China and America Create a  100 Year Peace  Out of Today s Global Chaosreddit
PARIS -- Two hundred years ago, on September 25, 1814, Russia's Czar Alexander I and Friedrich Wilhelm III, the King of Prussia, were greeted at the gates of Vienna by Austria's Emperor Franz I. The start of the Congress of Vienna ushered in the longest period of peace Europe had known for centuries. So why has its anniversary all but been ignored?
True, the Congress of Vienna is mostly viewed as marking the victory of Europe's reactionary forces after the defeat of Napoleon. Yet, given today's growing global confusion, if not chaos, something like "Proustian" nostalgia for the Congress may not be out of order. Here, after all, was a meeting that, through tough but successful negotiations, reestablished international order after the upheavals caused by the French Revolution and the Napoleonic Wars. Can we apply any of its lessons today?
To answer that question, we should consider not just the 1815 Treaty of Vienna , but also the 1648 Peace of Westphalia and the 1919 Treaty of Versailles , each of which in its own way brought to an end a bloody chapter in European history.
The treaties signed in 1648 concluded nearly a century of religious warfare by enshrining the principle of cuius regio, eius religio ("whose realm, his religion"). The Congress of Vienna reinstated the principle of the balance of power, based on the belief that all parties shared a common interest transcending their respective ambitions, and re-established the Concert of Nations, which for two generations stopped territorial and ideological revisionism of the type seen from 1789 to 1815. By contrast, the Treaty of Versailles, too harsh to be honored and too weak to be enforced, paved the way for World War II.
Of the three treaties, the one produced by the Congress of Vienna offers a sort of mirror image to help us understand the specificity of our current conditions. In Vienna, the European powers were among themselves. Their feeling of belonging to a great and unified family was reinforced by the common aristocratic origins of their diplomats. The cultural "other" was not an issue.
Of course, the ambition today cannot be to recreate that world (or to reestablish an anachronistic Westphalian order of religious separation), but rather to devise a new order predicated on different assumptions. Indeed, one of the keys to our current global disorder is that, in contrast to the Congress of Vienna -- or, for that matter, the parties of 1648 -- the international system's main actors are not united by a common will to defend the status quo.
The main actors fall into three categories: open revisionists, like Russia and the Islamic State; those ready to fight to protect a minimum of order, such as the United States, France, and Great Britain; and ambivalent states -- including key regional players in the Middle East, such as Turkey and Iran -- whose actions fail to match their rhetoric.
In such a divided context, the alliance of "moderates" created by U.S. President Barack Obama to defeat the Islamic State -- a group that includes Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and the United Arab Emirates -- is weak at best. A multicultural coalition is probably a requirement of legitimate military action in the Middle East; the dilemma is that unless Obama's regional coalition broadens considerably, his current allies' enthusiasm for U.S. military intervention is likely to diminish quickly.
Or perhaps something like the "bipolar hegemony" of Great Britain and Russia after 1815 (though other players like Austria, Prussia, and France mattered) could be reconstituted, with the U.S. and China substituting for Great Britain and Russia. This seems to be Henry Kissinger's ultimate dream -- a dream that one can glimpse in his latest book, Germanically entitled World Order: Reflections on the Character of Nations and the Course of History .
But can we depend on that dream's realization? At a time when we are confronted by Russian expansionism and the extremism of messianic thugs, the lessons from the Congress of Vienna may seem distant and irrelevant. Yet one is obvious: States possess common interests that should trump national priorities.
China, India, and Brazil are stakeholders in the world system, which means that they, too, need a minimum of order. But that implies that they also contribute to maintaining it. China's interests, for example, would be best served not by playing Russia against the U.S., but by choosing the party of order over the party of disorder.
A gathering of the modern equivalents of Metternich, Castlereagh, Alexander I, and Talleyrand is also a dream: there are none. But, in confronting today's growing disorder and escalating violence, the leaders we have would do well to draw some inspiration from their forebears, who 200 years ago this week opened the way to nearly a century of peace.
This piece also appeared in Project Syndicate .
© Project Syndicate.
More:

Why the New York City Greenmarket Is Great for Small FarmsOver the last century, American farming has experienced a consolidation towards large agricultural corporations. In 1935,  there were approximately 6.8 million farms in the United States . By 2000,  that number had plummeted to 2.2 million. Today,  we're down to 2.1 million . Meanwhile, the highest income bracket for farms now accounts for  66.4 percent of US agricultural products sold , up from  47.5 percent in 2002 .
Advertisement
In this age of corporate agriculture, family farms that have survived have done so by capitalizing on the local food movement: selling to organic and specialty supermarkets, selling wholesale to restaurants, selling shares of a farm's harvest directly through community-supported agriculture (CSAs), and selling at farmer's markets.
We talked to one local farmer who has managed to adapt and thrive in this challenging environment: Kevin Smith of  upstate New York’s Sycamore Farms . Sycamore, like many in the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic states, has turned nearly exclusively to one source for revenue:  the New York City Greenmarkets.
The New York City Greenmarket was founded in 1976 by New York City architect Barry Benepe  to support local farms that were too small to sell to wholesalers. What began as a one-day-a-week farmer's market in Union Square supporting seven farmers has exploded. Today, the Greenmarket runs 52 farmer's markets in different locations in the city, supporting 240 farmers in seven states. 
"We cut out the middle man between producers and consumers by providing regional farmers direct access to their customers," Michael Hurtwitz, the director of the Greenmarkets for GrowNYC, told Business Insider. 
Sycamore was one of the first farms at the market, joining up in 1981. Henry Smith, the founder of Sycamore Farms and Kevin’s father, recognized the potential of the Greenmarket early.
“ Everyone was bragging about how much money there was in the greenmarkets and so we went down to see if there was any money left," Henry told The Times Herald Record last year.
It turned out there was, not just for Sycamore but for other farms as well. According to Hurwitz, the overwhelming majority of farms that sell at the Greenmarket derive their main source of income from the markets. 85 percent of the Greenmarket farmers told Hurwitz they would be out of business if it weren't for the markets.
Today, the Union Square market, Greenmarket's flagship market and the only one that Sycamore attends, runs four days a week, year round. On an average September Friday, 360,000 people pass through the market. More pass through on Saturdays. While other Greenmarket locations are equally lucrative, no other market has that kind of foot traffic. 
The Hard Numbers Of Small Farms Today
Sycamore hosts a stand at the Greenmarket three days a week, from June until November. In a typical week, the stand sells approximately 5,100 ears of corn and 5,000 pounds of tomatoes, as well as other produce, baked goods, and preserve, according to Smith. On a single day, Sycamore will sell to about 1,000 customers.
During a good year, Sycamore’s Greenmarket sales come out to about $15,000 to $25,000 per week during the selling season, which comes out to approximately $300,000 to $500,000 income.
That sounds like a lot until you start factoring in costs. Property taxes alone figure to be above $20,000. Operating costs for materials, equipment, and maintenance can be $100,000 to $250,000. Once you add in hourly wages (between $10 to $15/hour) for seven farm employees, liability insurance, farm insurance, employment insurance, and disability insurance, it becomes clear: margins can get very tight depending on the year.
While sales are generally constant year to year, running a farm today is as unpredictable as it ever was. Different weather conditions can wreak havoc on a season in different ways. A rainy season can make crops thrive, but it can also slow traffic at the Greenmarket or even shut the market altogether. Too little rain and some crops will have difficulty growing, but there are more days to sell at the market.
As the national climate for small farms has stiffened, the Greenmarket has expanded its reach. In just the last seven years, the market has increased from 174 farmers to 240 and 44 markets to 52. According to Hurwitz, overall revenue at the markets has increased during that time and a number of farmers have told him that last year was their highest-grossing year ever.
Part of the boom is due to what Hurwitz calls "an explosion in demand for local."
Smith has observed the same trend: “Customers today are more interested, engaged, and knowledgeable. 99 percent are repeat visitors and I never have to hard-sell the produce."
Even a decade ago, Smith spent countless time at the market trying to explain to customers why his local produce cost more than supermarket produce, often to no avail. Customers were baffled or frustrated and tried to haggle the price down. Today’s urbanites are obsessed with anything locally-sourced, organic, and especially farm-to-table, which Sycamore and other local farms are perfectly positioned to capitalize on. The flood of interest in farm-to-table has its downsides though.
“Because the demand is there, there’s way more competition at the Greenmarket and outside of it,” says Smith.
CSAs, co-ops, food boxes, gourmet grocery stores, Whole Foods, and non-Greenmarket farmer’s markets (some that have "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" policy for where sellers get their produce) have sprung up are all over Brooklyn and Manhattan. Factor in the proliferation of farmers at the Greenmarkets themselves and its clear that local food has become a crowded market.
Nonetheless, no trend lasts forever. The Greenmarket similarly boomed in the early 1990s, when Henry Smith once boasted of selling 14,000 ears of corn in a single day. By the late ‘90s, however, overblown fears about the unhealthiness of carbs killed the corn market in Manhattan.
With that in mind, Smith has kept margins tight by reinvesting Sycamore's profits back into the business—“the Amazon plan,” he calls it. The Greenmarket has been good to Sycamore, but Smith is smart enough to recognize that relying solely on one revenue source is a bad business model.
Building A New Business Model 
Until five years ago, the farm’s income was 100 percent derived from the Greenmarket. Today, that percentage has been scaled back to 90 percent.
Towards that effort, Sycamore opened a 4,000-square-foot farm stand on site last year. At the farm stand, Sycamore sells its freshest produce, as well other locally-sourced produce from farms in the area that they trust. In addition, they now sell cooked and processed items made in their own kitchen and bakery, such as jams, jellies, pickles, tomato sauces, fruit pies, breads, and very popular tomato pies.
Smith is also looking to expand Sycamore’s presence at the market to year-round, selling the farm’s processed items during the winter months to stay in front of New Yorkers' faces and promote the farm stand.
Currently, Smith has been organizing events to get people to the farm: chef’s dinners using Sycamore produce, potlucks, and educational events for both young children and adults. He promotes the   on social media and always talks up the farm stand at the Greenmarket. While he’s only in the beginnings of his grassroots efforts, Smith envisions a day when the stand gets enough foot traffic that Sycamore can stop trekking to Manhattan altogether. It will require a redoubled presence at the Greenmarket to get the message out to the people that care.

Merkels duty to stop Draghi meddlingLast updated: October 1, 2014 2:28 pm
Merkel has a duty to stop Draghi’s illegal fiscal meddling
By Hans-Werner Sinn
The ECB is overstepping its mandate with anti-deflationary measures, writes Hans-Werner Sinn
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/09b1d31c-47c8-11e4-ac9f-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Cameron furious at second Ukip defectionDavid Cameron furious at second Ukip defection
By George Parker, Helen Warrell and Elizabeth Rigby
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/73853f04-4737-11e4-ba74-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

McDonald s shares rise  rumors ensueMcDonald's shares rise, rumors ensue
McDonalds
A tray of McDonald's food.
A tray of McDonald's food. (Mike Segar/Reuters)
Is Icahn lovin' $MCD? No word yet
McDonald's stock pops, company aware of investment rumors
Shares of McDonald’s Corp. jumped as much as 2.7 percent on Monday afternoon, the biggest percentage gain in months for the world’s largest restaurant company, amid social media speculation that a major investor might be eating up the shares.
8
Caption Sausage, egg and twisty pasta -- Hong Kong
A sizzling sausage, poached egg and noodles are served in chicken broth with greens. The "souper" breakfast dish is available with grilled chicken instead.
A sizzling sausage, poached egg and noodles are served in chicken broth with greens. The "souper" breakfast dish is available with grilled chicken instead.
Lucky Europeans. These meringue-based confections are available at McDonald's locations throughout France and Austria.
Lucky Europeans. These meringue-based confections are available at McDonald's locations throughout France and Austria. (McDonald's)
Caption Sugar Donut - United Kingdom
McDonald's
The Brits and their brethren can grab this sweet treat for breakfast or dessert at McDonald's throughout the U.K.
The Brits and their brethren can grab this sweet treat for breakfast or dessert at McDonald's throughout the U.K. (McDonald's)
Caption Chicken Schnitzel Mayo Roll -- Australia
McDonald's Australia
Golden chicken schnitzel coated with light, crispy crumbs, topped off with tangy citrus mayo on a toasted sourdough roll.
Golden chicken schnitzel coated with light, crispy crumbs, topped off with tangy citrus mayo on a toasted sourdough roll. (McDonald's Australia)
See more galleries
Caption McAloo Tikki -- India
In India, Aloo tikki is basically a spiced potato croquette -- from the Indian words for potato and croquette. McDonald's adds the lettuce, tomato, sauce, bun and, of course, the Mc for a rough take on a traditional snack.
In India, Aloo tikki is basically a spiced potato croquette -- from the Indian words for potato and croquette. McDonald's adds the lettuce, tomato, sauce, bun and, of course, the Mc for a rough take on a traditional snack.
See more galleries
McDonald's food you can't get here
It's been 59 years since McDonald's became synonymous with burgers and fries in the U.S. Now it has more than 34,000 stores in 118 countries. Here's what you can find at Mickey D's around the world:
McDonald's food you can't get here
It's been 59 years since McDonald's became synonymous with burgers and fries in the U.S. Now it has more than 34,000 stores in 118 countries. Here's what you can find at Mickey D's around the world:
Shares of McDonald’s rose as high as $97.30 on Monday afternoon before ending the trading session at $96.22. Even with Monday’s pop, McDonald’s shares are still down about 0.8 percent so far this year as the hamburger chain deals with sales declines at its longstanding locations. The volume of shares traded was more than three times normal.
On Twitter, people speculated whether a large investor, particularly well-known activist investor Carl Icahn, might be interested in the stock. Oak Brook-based McDonald’s said it was aware of the rumors and had nothing to share.
Among the messages on the social media site, Mike Bergen, who calls himself a hedge fund manager on his Twitter profile, sent this tweet to his 24,100 followers: “Are you lovin' it @Carl_C_Icahn ? $MCD”
"amid social media speculation that a major investor might be eating up the shares." The shares of stock tasting better then their products to most diners.
ch47fixer

Baxter s bioscience unit plans Boston research facilityBaxter's bioscience unit plans Boston research facility
Baxalta R&D center to open in Boston, Baxter says
Baxter International’s soon-to-be spun off bioscience unit plans to open a 200,000 square-foot, 400-employee research and development center in Boston later this year, the company said Monday.
The spin-off, dubbed Baxalta, will retain its global headquarters in the Chicago area, Baxter has said.
The research and development employees will be moving from other Baxter centers in California and Europe, the company said. It will maintain certain operations in Vienna, Austria.

California Tames Its Direct Democracyreddit
SACRAMENTO, Calif. -- Addressing concerns about the growing influence of special interests on California's initiative process and the decline of voter participation, Gov. Jerry Brown (D) signed legislation Saturday that strengthens legislative and public oversight of ballot measures and increases transparency within a century-old process that has been stubbornly resistant to change.
"SB 1253 strengthens the integrity of the initiative process, which is uniquely influential in California political life," said Nicolas Berggruen, chairman for the Think Long Committee for California. "It introduces transparency of funding while also enabling broader debate and public review so that measures can be modified before they go to the ballot, avoiding unintended consequences."
SB 1253, the Ballot Initiative Transparency Act, was authored by Senate President Pro Tem Darrell Steinberg (D-Sacramento). Under the new law, the legislature holds hearings months before ballots go to print, allowing lawmakers and proponents to make changes, corrections and compromises before ballots go to the voters. Initiative backers also gain the ability to correct mistakes before an initiative appears on the ballot, preventing drafting or legal errors that have led to litigation and confusion. And the law pushes the secretary of state to feature the top funders of proposed initiatives in online ballot materials.
"Together these changes let voters and the legislature see what the ballot might look like months before the election," said Robert Hertzberg, former assembly speaker and Think Long Committee member. "That lets lawmakers get to work on the policy issues at the heart of the various initiatives, make them public, make compromises, and fix errors, so voters get only clear and effective initiatives on their ballots. These changes are about making better public policy and making initiatives serve their intended purpose."
Although California isn't unique in its direct voter participation measures, many see a particular need for a law change in the state.
"California is not the only state to allow direct voter participation through initiatives," said Ronald George, former chief justice of the California Supreme Court and a member of the Think Long Committee. "But too often here, ballot measures are confusing and poorly written, and there has been no chance for initiative backers to make even the most routine changes let alone drive compromise. All of that stands in the way of voter confidence and understanding, and leads to bad policy outcomes."
The changes in the law reflect what voters want to see. Nearly eight in 10 California voters want to see the legislature do more to improve initiatives, want review and revision of measures, and support more clarity and information surrounding initiatives -- and their support crosses party lines, according to polling by the Public Policy Institute of California. But according to the PPIC, the last significant reforms to the process date back to 1974.
Other changes in the law: initiative backers can withdraw a measure after petitions and signatures are submitted, but before ballots are printed, simplifying the ballot and helping to avoid unintended consequences; voters can request an email version of the voter guide, reducing costs; and it extends the time for signature gathering by a month to allow more grassroots participation.
Initiative reform was a central recommendation in the Think Long Committee's "Blueprint to Renew California," released in November 2011. This bipartisan plan to restore the state's dysfunctional democracy was based on a year of discussions and meetings with key stakeholders in the state, including Governor Brown.
Governor Brown signs Senate Bill 1253 in his office Saturday, with bill's supporters at the table. Measure changes are intended to improve California's initiative process.
On SB 1253, the Think Long Committee worked for a year with a diverse and bipartisan coalition from across the political spectrum. Other supporters of the legislation include the League of Women Voters of California, California Common Cause, the California Chamber of Commerce, California Business Roundtable, California NAACP, California AARP, California School Employees Association, California Council of Churches IMPACT, and California Forward, among others.
The Ballot Initiative Transparency Act addresses California voters' greatest concerns about the initiative process. According to a PPIC survey earlier this year, 83 percent of Californians agree that initiative wording is too complicated and confusing. Eighty-four percent favor increasing public disclosure of funding sources for both signature gathering and initiative campaigns. And 77 percent support a review process to help avoid legal problems and drafting errors.
"The new law will give voters clear information about who special interests are, what they want, and how much they are spending," Berggruen said. "At the same time, the legislature and proponents of ballot measures will have avenues for correction and compromise, paving the way for clearer ballots and better policies."
More:

Hardly Strictly Warren Hellman: A Bluegrass Hero and Civic Patronreddit
For inspiration on how to manage the flexibility that accompanies Phase 4 of the Four Phases of Startup Life -- the What's Next? stage that comes after a liquidity event -- look to Warren Hellman.
After making a fortune as a private equity pioneer, he returned to his love of the banjo and founded Hardly Strictly Bluegrass , one of the world's preeminent music festivals, which gets underway in San Francisco's Golden Gate Park this Friday, October 3. Hellman once said the festival he created " was the most selfish thing I've ever done ," even though it gives hundreds of thousands of people joy.
Hellman enjoyed his career, spent time with his family, and fostered his love of music. He lived a full life before his death in 2011 at age 77 and will be remembered for accomplishments ranging from prescient investing in startups to major philanthropy. Hellman donated generously to a variety of causes in San Francisco: museums, the ballet, a non-profit news organization, a local health clinic, and the public school system. David Lee, the executive director of the Chinese American Voters Education Committee and a commissioner at the San Francisco Recreation and Parks Department, stated, "If this city had a patron, he was it. He's a grandfather figure of San Francisco and a man who cared deeply about the city and had a vision that included everybody, not just the business community."
Hellman's business accomplishments are no less impressive. While his early experience was in finance, he gravitated to the tech world. After working for Lehman Brothers and becoming the firm's youngest president, he started Matrix Partners, a venture capital firm that was an early investor in Apple. Next, he founded Hellman & Friedman, a private equity firm, where one of his well-known deals was the sale of DoubleClick (which Hellman & Friedman owned) to Google.
Another thing Hellman was known for: SF Weekly dubbed him one of the best-known "incidental banjo players--that is, people who are otherwise well known who also play a mean banjo." Hellman learned to play the banjo in his 20s as an up-and-coming investment banker but gave it up during the bulk of his working years. He returned to the instrument in his late 60s, when he gradually started easing out of his company duties (though he never really left the firm that had his name on the office door). Around the same time, he also created and personally funded what has become probably the "single biggest weekend of free music in America": the Hardly Strictly Bluegrass Festival, which takes place each year in San Francisco's Golden Gate Park in Hellman Hollow (renamed from Speedway Meadows in Hellman's honor shortly before his death). The festival attracts nearly one million listeners with both big and small names in the lineup, and runs this year October 3 to 5.
One of those HSB bands, the Wronglers, was Hellman's own. If you had the opportunity to see the group perform, you would have heard what the Deal magazine dubs Hellman's "irreverent" lyrics: "Pickers, pluckers, plonkers born, to strum, perchance to croon, drifting through the cosmos, playing out of tune." Music brought Hellman joy and even some fame. He and the Wronglers were asked to perform at the Austin music festival South by Southwest. While he was watching another act, "Some guy comes up and says, 'Hey, aren't you with the Wronglers?' I was an investment banker 40 years and not one person recognized me anywhere . . . I said, 'Man, you just made my life.'"
By identifying what he loved, Hellman was able to live out the rest of his life, sharing his passion for music with others. Whether you make music or have other passions beyond business, spending money is a personal choice. You will be lucky if, like Hellman, you can find a pursuit you love.

Ford Shares Fall as Company Lowers Europe OutlookAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

An ethereal paper lantern  that s actually made of glassAn ethereal paper lantern -- that's actually made of glass
Paper lantern -- or is it?
Foscarini
The Rituals XL, by Italian lighting Foscarini, gives off the effect of a Japanese paper lantern but is actually made of blown, satin-effect glass.
The Rituals XL, by Italian lighting Foscarini, gives off the effect of a Japanese paper lantern but is actually made of blown, satin-effect glass. (Foscarini)
Laura Pearson, Tribune Newspapers
An ethereal paper lantern by @foscarinilamps — that's actually made of glass.
Japanese rice paper lanterns are an interior design staple, adding lovely ambience to indoor and outdoor spaces with their diffuse, warm light. On nighttime strolls down my street, I'm always enamored of the giant paper lantern hanging in the window of a yoga studio that's housed in an old brownstone, its massive scale giving it the effect of a magical glowing orb.

Special Report: London and the WorldThe Lord Mayor of London, Fiona Woolf, argues that the capital can help to change the world
Dec 4, 2013
The stories behind the blue plaques commemorating famous Londoners
Part three

Exploring the global city  from politics  transport and demographic change to cultureThe Lord Mayor of London, Fiona Woolf, argues that the capital can help to change the world
Dec 4, 2013
The stories behind the blue plaques commemorating famous Londoners
Part three

The tricky task for Chilean leader Michelle BacheletShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Strikes and bombs rattle Chile
Sep 29, 2014 : FT’s Benedict Mander examines the tricky task for Chile’s president, Michelle Bachelet, of pushing through her reforms to reduce inequality, especially in education, as the economy starts to slow with lower demand for its main export, copper.

Bankers pay  forex trading scandal and KPMG dealBankers' pay, the forex trading scandal and KPMG's subsidised mortgage deal Sep 29, 2014 - 4:15 pm
Patrick Jenkins is joined by Sam Fleming, Emma Dunkley and Harriet Agnew, as well as Clifford Chance's Simon Gleeson to discuss bankers pay, the latest on the foreign exchange trading scandal and KPMG's innovative deal to subsidise mortgages for its  staff

White House IntruderWhite House Fence Jumper Got Farther Than Previously Thought, Sources Say
Sep 29, 2014, 5:10 PM ET
A US Secret Service Uniform Division Officer secures Pennsylvania Avenue after gunshots broke out at the US Capitol on Oct. 3, 2013.
Paul J. Richards/AFP/Getty Images
Share
Copy
The man who broke into the White House two weeks ago was able to make his way far into the property before being tackled in the East Room -- the room where President Obama and many other presidents have made some of their most important announcements, a law enforcement official confirmed today to ABC News.
The development calls into question the narrative originally released by the Secret Service, which had suggested that Omar Gonzalez, 42, of Texas, had been taken into custody near the front doors of the White House after jumping the fence and running more the 100 yards into the national landmark.
Obama 'Obviously Concerned' Over Security Breach
“Gonzalez failed to comply with responding Secret Service Uniformed Division Officers’ verbal commands, and was physically apprehended after entering the White House North Portico doors,” the Secret Service said in a statement on Sept. 20.
When he jumped over the fence outside of the White House, Gonzalez was allegedly carrying a folding pocket knife. After pushing through the front doors, he ran to the East Room, according to the official, confirming details first reported by The Washington Post .
A Secret Service spokesperson declined to comment, but the agency’s director, Julie Pierson, will be on the hot seat Tuesday as the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee hold a hearing to examine several issues dogging the Secret Service.
In an interview with ABC News, the chairman of the committee, Darrell Issa , R-Calif., said Gonzalez got deep enough into the White House that had President Obama or Vice President Joe Biden been there “they could have been attacked.”
Signs of increased security around the White House were almost immediate after Gonzales made it into the complex, including additional barriers outside of the White House gates. In addition, the Secret Service beefed-up foot patrols along the fence line of the White House complex and deployed additional surveillance resources, a White House spokesman said at the time.
Gonzalez had been homeless in the nation’s capital for the past three months after 13 years in the U.S. Army, including a tour in Iraq.
Get real-time updates as this story unfolds. To start, just "star" this story in ABC News' phone app. Download ABC News for iPhone here or ABC News for Android here . To be notified about our live weekend digital reports, tap here.
Join the Discussion
You are using an outdated version of Internet Explorer. Please click here to upgrade your browser in order to comment.

HANK GREENBERG S COMPELLING  MADDENING AND FASCINATING CASE AGAINST THE U.S. GOVERNMENTBizarre Trial Accuses Government Of Illegally Bailing Out AIG
Posted:
Updated:
09/29/2014  2:59 pm EDT
Maurice 'Hank' Greenberg, former chairman and chief executive officer of American International Group Inc.,  in 2011.  Photographer: Scott Eells/Bloomberg via Getty Images  | Bloomberg via Getty Images
reddit
A bizarre reminder of some of the most terrifying moments in U.S. financial history just kicked off in Washington: Former AIG CEO Hank Greenberg's hubris-filled case against the government went to trial on Monday. Greenberg claims that the 2008 bailout AIG received from the government was illegal, and he's demanding $25 billion in damages.
Greenberg’s case is a combination of compelling, maddening, and fascinating. He claims that the government wasn’t authorized to bail out AIG, that AIG's management wasn't authorized to accept the money, and that the firm was coerced by the government to take it. (Greenberg wasn't a part of the bank's management at the time. He resigned in 2005 in the midst of an accounting scandal, but remained a large shareholder.) He's also arguing that the specific terms of the bailout -- an $85 billion loan that came with an initial 14 percent interest rate and a 79.9 percent stake in the company -- were illegal as well.
The lawsuit cuts to the question of how the government should have bailed out failing firms during the financial crisis. Greenberg raises the question many of us are still wrestling with today: Did the bailed out banks get off too easy?
First, a reminder of just how bad things were for AIG back in September 2008: The global insurance giant was close to collapse. The culprits were credit default swaps, a way to insure bonds, that it had sold to investors and traders. But the bonds AIG had insured began to default, or come very close to default, and AIG had to pay. It couldn’t. AIG had strayed from its traditional business of insuring physical things to insuring financial instruments, and it had completely misjudged the risks of those financial instruments. An insurance company had become a speculator, and it was paying the price.
An AIG bankruptcy would have been catastrophic for the financial system, possibly taking down many companies with it.
The underlying behavior of AIG and the banks that would be bailed out was very similar: Traditional businesses were shunted aside for dealing in new, complex financial instruments, and pretty much everyone vastly underestimated how risky those shiny new things were. Greenberg is asking why AIG was bailed out on harsher terms than other banks, when everyone got into trouble in essentially the same way. The banks should have been forced, he implies, to accept a high-interest loan and give the government the lion’s share of their stock. Instead, the banks largely escaped that fate, and sold preferred shares to the Treasury Department.
Greenberg is also arguing that the government was wrong to pay the full value to AIG's counterparties to exit the derivatives contracts that were sinking the firm. These were companies AIG had insured bonds for. The contracts they had with AIG said they were due to receive a certain amount of money. A lot had changed since those contracts were written -- AIG was failing and financial markets were haywire -- and so, Greenberg says, AIG could have negotiated to pay a smaller amount than was contractually owed.
Should regulators have bargained a bit harder with AIG’s counterparties instead of just paying them 100 cents on the dollar to exit derivatives contracts? It's hard to say no to that: Nobody really bargained with AIG’s counterparties at all.
The maddening parts of the case are almost everything else. If AIG hadn’t received a bailout, shareholders would have been wiped out: AIG’s value to shareholders with a bailout is a number greater than zero; without a bailout, it’s zero. How can a loan to a company constitute an illegal government seizure of equity, when that loan itself is the only thing that allows the company to continue to have any equity value?  As the government argues , “This benefit cannot also be a punishment.” And faced with a failing company unable to obtain a private loan, it’s good public policy for the government to drive a hard bargain -- were he lending the money, Greenberg would certainly do the same.
Perhaps the most fascinating argument Greenberg makes is that the bailout wasn’t just punitive, it was also discriminatory.
There was no way to know what the going rate for a multibillion-dollar bailout of a global financial institution was on Sept. 15, 2008, the day before AIG was bailed out. But by Sept. 17, the government had effectively set the going rate, Greenberg argues.
Then, on October 14, it drastically lowered that rate by bailing out nine banks on different terms. The banks only sold preferred equity with a 5% annual dividend to the government. Those bailouts were done through the Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP), which was passed by Congress and gave the Treasury Department wide latitude to spend $700 billion to stabilize financial markets.
These bank bailouts are the factual basis for Greenberg’s lawyers to claim that “many financial institutions who engaged in much riskier and more culpable conduct than AIG received Government assistance without the punitive equity confiscation terms required of AIG." The government, Greenberg’s lawyers say, “acted wrongfully if It discriminated against AIG.”
Greenberg isn't just arguing that AIG should have been offered the same deal as TARP. He's saying that if the banks had been forced to take a tougher bailout, AIG’s bailout would have been legal. Or at least, non-discriminatory: Either AIG’s bailout terms were right and TARP’s were wrong, or AIG’s bailout terms were wrong, and TARP’s were right. This is clearly an awkward argument for the government to engage in.
Regardless of the outcome of this case, the structure of future bailouts has already been set. The Dodd-Frank financial reform legislation altered the Federal Reserve’s emergency lending powers. It prohibits the Fed from bailing out an individual firm, requiring that any extraordinary lending be made available to a broad class of firms. It also sets the rate of any broad-based rescue package at the Fed's discount rate (the rate at which the Fed routinely lends to banks).
Whenever the next bailout comes, legislation has ensured that it won’t be punitive, and it certainly won’t be discriminatory.
More:

Don t Lose the Moment for the Shotreddit
I love taking pictures.
In fact, I have been a photography junkie since I had my first Kodak Brownie back in the last century.
I learned how to develop and print - a lost art....
I graduated from camera to camera until I had a full SLR system with a variety of lenses and accoutrements.
And joyfully and seamlessly made the leap from film to digital, from big cameras to small ones and phones, and from Shutterfly to Instagram, and confess to trying and using every app I can to filter , enhance , SFX or otherwise add to the story value of my pics .
I even admit to having the best printed and framed.
And every keeper tells a story - or rather is the catalyst for a story - stories I love to tell and share - otherwise what is the point?
Stories of family, events, far-off places, close-in neighborhoods, interesting people, strange sightings...you get the point.
And then of course there is video, which I became enamored of when small devices hit the market with great editing and SFX apps, and now my phone is full of short clips of great performances, amazing places, beautiful grandchildren and crazy moments.
I don't know about you - but even the video is to me just a reminder of the bigger and longer moment - a way to remember and replay, a way to enhance memory and build a story. A way to keep a moment alive. It's about cherishing the moment, not the act of recording it.
But we seem to be on the verge of losing our ability to cherish in our pursuit of the shot.
Listen to the following two excerpts from A Defining Question in an iPhone Age: Live for the Moment or Record It? , an article by Alex Williams in the September 26, 2014, New York Times:
"Is it more important that we actually live these experiences than obsessively record and upload them to the cloud?" asked William Powers, a research scientist at the M.I.T. Media Lab and author of "Hamlet's BlackBerry: Building a Good Life in the Digital Age." "Absolutely. Will most people therefore learn to be more in-the-moment and swear off excessive pictures and videos? I doubt it."
Even Jack White, former White Stripes rocker, weighed in when he appeared on Conan this past June, where he and the host went on a lengthy diatribe about the ubiquitous glowing screens that mar so many public performances.
"I've had the experience when I go out and perform in front of people where all I see is a sea of iPads," Conan O'Brien said with exasperation. "You can't even see their faces."
Mr. White agreed, adding that he was forced to instruct the audience on his most recent tour to put down their devices and "just enjoy this with our eyes and our ears." Far from being irked, he said, audiences actually applauded. (Acts like the Eagles, Prince and She & Him have recently gone the same route.)
I recommend reading the entire piece - bottom line - our obsession with 15mgs of fame is making our stories shallow and more about us than about the moment.
What really got me was a piece I read in The New Yorker (I recommend this one too) about GoPro - full confession, a product I love.
I have copied a short part of the full article because I found it so sad...listen:
"As he accelerated, he noticed, to his left, an elk galloping toward him from the ridge. He glanced at the trail, looked again to his left, and saw a herd, maybe thirty elk, running at full tilt alongside his bike, like a pod of dolphins chasing a boat. After a moment, they rumbled past him and crossed the trail, neither he nor the elk slowing, dust kicking up and glowing in the early-evening sun, amid a thundering of hooves. It was a magical sight. The light was perfect. And, as usual, Chase was wearing two GoPros. Here was his money shot--the stuff of TV ads and real bucks.
Trouble was, neither camera was rolling. What with his headache and the ample footage of the past days, he'd thought to hell with it, and had neglected, just this once, to turn his GoPros on. Now there was no point in riding with the elk. He slowed up and let them pass. "Idiot," he said to himself. "There goes my commercial."
Once the herd was gone, it was as though it'd never been there at all--Sasquatch, E.T., yeti. Pics or it didn't happen. Still, one doesn't often find oneself swept up in a stampede of wild animals. Might as well hope to wingsuit through a triple rainbow. So you'd think that, cameras or not, he'd remember the moment with some fondness. But no. "It was hell,"...
To be clear, I find it sad because I didn't see it coming as I was reading - I was sure it was going the other way - that he would be euphoric in the moment...alas, not.
I don't advocate a moratorium on pictures or videos - to the contrary - snap and record as you like - what an amazing time to live in that we can do so.
What I do advocate is to take time to savor the event, the moment, the place, the people - by all means take that selfie - and don't miss the money shot - but I really do believe you will regret - one day - not having a real story to tell with all of your heart and emotion - because all you will have is the story of how you got the shot.... Listen:
"Photography is a way of feeling, of touching, of loving. What you have caught on film is captured forever... it remembers little things, long after you have forgotten everything." - Aaron Siskind
And I might add - long after we are forgotten - and if all we tell is the story of the shot - how sad that so much will be missed.
What do you think?
Follow David Sable on Twitter: www.twitter.com/DavidSable
More:

Epilogue: Florida StateBy Alyssa Rosenberg September 29 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
My friend Travis Waldron has a fascinating deep dive into Jameis Winston and the culture at Florida State University. Since I went to school in a place where football was something of a notorious afterthought, our question of the day comes from genuine curiosity on my part. If you went to a school with a serious, competitive athletic program, how much campus culture felt dominated by it? How much did you feel like you could get out from under it? And how did it affect your experience there, for good or ill?
Jameis Winston celebrates after throwing a touchdown pass against North Carolina State on Saturday. (Grant Halverson/Getty Images)

Bill Gross left Pimco. Should you follow himBy Jonnelle Marte September 29 Follow @jonnelle
Bill Gross, co-chief investment officer of Pacific Investment Management Co. (PIMCO), left, looks on as Laurence “Larry” D. Fink, chairman, chief executive officer and co-founder of BlackRock Inc. Gross, co-founder and chief investment officer of Pacific Investment Management Co., will join Janus Capital Group Inc. Photographer: Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg.
Fund research firm Morningstar stripped Pimco’s flagship Total Return bond fund of its gold rating Monday night, citing uncertainty over outflows after the departure of co-founder Bill Gross.
Investors yanked more than $10 billion from Pimco after it was announced that Gross was leaving the firm, the Wall Street Journal reported Monday . Those outflows could be just the beginning, with Morningstar predicting that “likely tens of billions, if not hundreds of billions” in assets will follow Gross out the door to Janus Capital, where he will manage a new unconstrained bond fund.  An analyst for Citi estimated the potential outflows could amount to $400 billion, or 20 percent of the Pimco’s $2 trillion in assets.
“Given Bill Gross’ abrupt departure, investors have focused on the possibility that outflows could wreak havoc on the portfolio,” Eric Jacobson, senior analyst at Morningstar, said in the report explaining the downgrade .
With so much money leaving the firm, do investors have any reason to stay?
It depends on why they invested in Pimco in the first place. Many people who bought Pimco funds because they believe in Gross will likely follow him to Janus, analysts and financial advisers say.
“The mystique is gone, and now you’re just with Pimco,” says Rick Ferri,  founder of Portfolio Solutions, an investment management firm in Troy, Mich. “And not that that’s bad or good, but maybe there are other places to go that are less expensive.”
Some of the cash leaving Pimco will head to competitors offering large bond funds. Some people may see this as a chance to switch from active management to a less expensive index fund, Ferri says. For instance, the $120 billion Vanguard Total Bond Market Index fund, which also tracks the Barclays Aggregate Bond index, charges 0.20 percent, or $20 for every $10,000 invested. That compares to the 0.85 percent expense ratio on the Pimco Total Return Bond fund, or $85 for every $10,000 invested. (Meanwhile the Vanguard fund has gained 3.9 percent in the 12 months ending Friday, compared to a gain of 3.1 percent for the Pimco fund, according to Morningstar.)
People who stay with Pimco may need to be patient with the firm as it stabilizes following the departure of its top two leaders. (Former chief executive Mohamed El-Erian left earlier this year.) Jacobson of Morningstar said it will take time to see how the new managers will perform but added that “there are a number of reasons to believe they will be successful after the dust settles.” The new chief investment officer is Daniel Ivascyn, 45, who was named Morningstar Fixed-Income Fund Manager of the Year in 2013.
“We have assembled a team of world-class investors over the course of many years, and established a time-tested top-down, bottom-up investment process that will guide our investment philosophy and continue to serve our clients well into the future,” Ivascyn said in a statement.
Because roughly half of the fund is in short-term bonds, which investors can buy and sell easily, managers shouldn’t have a hard time selling bonds to pay what is owed to investors leaving the fund, says Russel Kinnel, director of manager research for Morningstar,  That should help to stabilize performance, even as investors take their money and go. “Ten billion isn’t a problem for a giant fund in the $200 billion range,” he says.
And some of the people who invested in Pimco’s flagship fund for its strong returns may already have been on their way out. Last May, long before Gross announced his exit, investors staged an exodus. After 16 months, they’ve pulled close to $70 billion from the fund.
Read more:

Jewel-Osco hit again by data hack8
“What was particularly interesting in this is that the breach came out after they had already notified that there was an initial breach,” said D.J. Vogel, a partner, security and compliance practice leader at Sikich, a professional services firm based in Naperville. “That would suggest that the breach may not have been initially contained.”
The new malware may have captured account numbers, expiration dates, other numerical information and cardholders' names, the companies said. But sensitive information such as Social Security numbers and birthdates were not captured, they added.
Several major chains, including Home Depot, Neiman Marcus and Target, have been hit by data breaches in recent months. Last week, Champaign-based sandwich chain Jimmy John’s said it learned of a data breach involving credit and debit card data at 216 of its locations, including four in Chicago and more than a dozen in the suburbs.
“The same types of attacks that were happening years ago are still causing the same problems,” said Vogel, who noted that consumers generally are not responsible for fraudulent credit card charges.
cComments
Seems to me the best option if you're really concerned is to use Pre-Paid Cards. Yes, there is a minor cost involved when you buy the card but weighing that against the hassle of getting a new debit card, changing CC information AGAIN for places like Netflix or auto debit accounts. The...
Ronald214

The Litmus Test for Leadershipreddit
Those of us who are looking to improve our leadership skills can easily get overwhelmed by the sea of options when trying to decide what advice to follow.  A search on Amazon.com for "leadership" will bring back 155,000+ results and even if you refine your search ("business leadership" for example), you will still be staring down the barrel of over 23,000 choices.  Most of us must rely on a good recommendation or are drawn to a particular title, book cover or familiar author in order to further narrow our selection.  This challenge is compounded once we settle on our final decision and it becomes time to actually consume the information.
The best advice in the world is useless if it's not what I consider "practically actionable."  Meaning that if it's too difficult or lengthy to remember and implement, regardless of how incredible it is, it will quickly become "some good points" that we do very little with.  Trying to remember AND implement 10-45 laws of something or 100 best tips or rules of anything is impractical and often impossible.
Leadership needs a backbone to build off of before you consider layering on additional concepts and skills.
In his book David and Goliath, Malcolm Gladwell articulates a very simple truth:  "When people in authority want the rest of us to behave, it matters - first and foremost - how they behave."  This shouldn't be hastily tossed into the lead by example category.  As Gladwell explains, "This is called the principle of legitimacy, and legitimacy is based on three things:
Voice - The people who are asked to obey authority have to feel like they have a voice - that if they speak up - they will be heard.
Predictable - There has to be a reasonable expectation that the rules tomorrow are going to be roughly the same as the rules today.
Fair - The authority has to be fair.  It can't treat one group differently from another."
If your intention is to hone your leadership skills, I urge you to start from the ground up.  First establish your core leadership values and work to engrain them in your DNA.  This will give you the proper foundation for every leadership role you find yourself in.  For me, it was deciding that all things leadership would be put to the "legitimacy" test.  This is when my perspective completely changed.  It was as if the grayness of my personal leadership philosophy had suddenly become black and white.  I no longer found myself trying to decide if a particular situation was at "level 2 or 3" from a recent book or matched "rule #17."  Clarity and awareness are both incredibly powerful.  I now had both.
Repetition is the mother of retention - and for me, the only way I will consistently practice a new behavior is to have it staring me in the face until it sticks.  The words VOICE, PREDICTABLE, FAIR are boldly written on the top of the giant white board within eyeshot of my desk.  For the last 9 months I have been running every perceivable leadership situation I find myself involved in through these 3 criteria; both proactively and after the fact.  This not only goes for the sales team I am responsible for leading, but in the father role with my 7-year-old daughter along with leaders I witness interacting with others.
What has adopting this litmus test provided?
Incredible clarity for decision making in leadership situations
The ability to make significantly faster leadership decisions
The ability to quickly spot a great leader with certainty
A framework to coach others through poor leadership experiences
A true north to build the rest of my leadership journey on
The most powerful and successful concepts are simplistic at their core.  I encourage you to give your own leadership a 30-day "legitimacy" test and review the outcome.  Regardless of whether you ultimately adopt these or some other core values for yourself, you should build a proper foundation by getting clarion clear on your personal leadership's true north.
--

7 Tips for Remembering Someone s Namereddit
Not everyone is equipped with the ability to remember someone's name; however, remembering another person's name, when being introduced or reconnecting, can make a tremendous impact. Name recall is especially important in business for making and reinforcing a positive impression. Implementing the following exercises will help you commit a name (and face) to memory.
Say the other person's name out loud. As soon as you are introduced to a client, repeat her name. You might simply say, "It's very nice to meet you, Amy," or, "Maria, it's a pleasure to see you again." Using a person's name reinforces it in your mind.
Utilize a nametag. If you are a visual learner, picture your new client's nametag and make an effort to commit the handwritten name to memory. Continue to focus on the client's face, making note of the nametag. Repeating the name during your conversation offers you a better chance of remembering should you meet again, or need to introduce the contact to another person.
Employ word association. Connect a person's name with a familiar picture. For example, you meet someone named Jack, and think of Jack Sparrow, picturing the person wearing a pirate hat. You meet someone named Eleanor, and you find a connection with Eleanor Roosevelt -- perhaps her smile or her pearl necklace. If you are having trouble relating the name to a well-known public figure, you may want to compare the name to a familiar object. Use associations relevant to your own learning style and personality.
Ask for a reminder. If you find yourself at a loss, don't be afraid to own it. It's better to be honest than to appear distracted and feel uncomfortable. Say, "Please remind me of your name -- I've gone blank." The other person generally is not offended, and you will come across as interested and genuine.
Repeat the name often. Find ways to re-introduce the other person's name into the conversation. Every time the name is repeated, you are more likely to remember. After discovering a new fact about the person, continue to use her name in your responses, such as, "Olivia, your trip to Spain sounds fascinating. How long was your visit?"
Take an interest in particulars. Ask for specifics such as, "Scarlet, are you originally from this area," or "Daniel, what has been the greatest challenge taking over as CEO of the company?" Encouraging the person to share background information will offer further assistance with name recall as you make a more personal connection.
Create a spreadsheet. If you enjoy making lists, consider creating a spreadsheet for new contacts. After you get back to your office, add the person's name to your database and include distinctive characteristics and facts about the individual. The spreadsheet is for your eyes only and is an additional memory tool.
For more etiquette tips visit Diane's popular blog , connect with her here on The Huffington Post, follow her on Pinterest , and "like" The Protocol School of Texas on Facebook .
Follow Diane Gottsman on Twitter: www.twitter.com/dianegottsman
More:

Towards a Socialist Americareddit
"America can do better than capitalism". Richard Wolff declared these words at Riverside Church on January 22, 2012. His affirmation surfaced the sentiments that many Americans harbor. I suspect that we submerge our discontent for many reasons. Among them, we fancy the illusion that the Federal Reserve Bank and the three branches of our federal government can manage the booms and busts of our business cycle. Perhaps the right mix of Democrats and Republicans will address the market failures of concentrated power among corporations, spillover costs borne by communities, and the information gap between producers and consumers. One of these glad mornings, our candidate of choice will assume power, appoint the right judges, roll out the right policies in 100 days, and administer the good government of our dreams. We envision an America that forever grows the economic pie, splits it fairly for every race in all places, and inaugurates the E Pluribus Unum country of our civic rituals. This is the hope of our nation -- comprehensive political liberties, complemented by justice in our courts, prosperity in our commerce, peace in our communities. I, too, dream America. I do not, however, believe that capitalism delivers on the promises rehearsed every November.
Instead of democratic capitalism, I propose that democratic socialism serve as the regulative ideal of our life together. What this means is that I support scaling up -- and bringing forward -- the already existing aspects of cooperative organization in American history and our contemporary moment. Though largely unknown, some regional authorities possess the title of flourishing utilities, municipalities own convention centers and plan our land use strategies, and within the past decade, we temporarily nationalized our banks. By ignorance or intention, political figures and institutional actors within Washington deny this reality, which is well-documented by Gar Alperwotiz's classic text, What Then Must We Do .
Socialism, or something like it, is the settled conclusion of a society that values democracy. Our bloody past, and historical arguments notwithstanding, I take it as a given that Americans cherish democracy. Despite our violent acquisition of indigenous land and our coercive leveraging of black slaves as financial instruments, the postcolonial story of America, set against the landholding, white-males only, yet egalitarian image of our Constitution is still an idea worthy of perennial refinement into our laws, practices, and governance.
So, how might we ramp up democratic socialism within our already mixed economy? Our intellectuals can excavate little-known histories of American cooperative work, tell the oft-told story of a commonwealth country, and no longer provide conceptual legitimacy for the notion of democratic capitalism. As a citizen preacher, I recall the legacies of Angela Davis and Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King , emerging outlets like Jacobin magazine , and veteran groups like Democratic Socialists of America .
Secondly, we can celebrate conceptual openness to a new political economy. The Pew study indicates that socialism among millennials possesses more fans than opponents -- 49 percent hold a positive view of it; 43 percent, not so much . Inferences from this study have been overstated, but this seems fair: the inequalities and externalities of capitalism have created a hearing for socialist arguments, campaigns, and messaging strategies.
Thirdly, we can organize in a way that emphasizes participatory governance, increasing commonwealth stewardship of real estate, and alternate business structures like B Corps, LC3, etc. In many ways, socialism of this sort is implied by the work of groups like National People's Action, Democracy Collaborative, but also folks like Criterion Ventures' New Economy, the expanding philanthropic commitments of social justice philanthropy, and other developments.
Capitalism seeks to grow the economy while managing inequality. Democratic socialism seeks to secure economic well-being while rearranging the power and productive relationships that create inequality. The latter is neither a panacea nor a utopia. It is, ultimately, a less grotesque analogy of God's beloved community than the former. America, we can do better than capitalism -- let us choose a more equitable, efficient, and excellent way.
Follow Andrew Wilkes on Twitter: www.twitter.com/AndrewJWilkes
More:

Islamic State militants switching up tactics after airstrikesBy Dan Lamothe September 29 Follow @danlamothe
A formation of U.S. Navy F-18E Super Hornets leaves after receiving fuel from a KC-135 Stratotanker over northern Iraq. (Staff Sgt. Shawn Nickel/U.S. Air Force)
Militants with the Islamic State are adopting new tactics after more than a month of being hit with U.S.-led airstrikes in Iraq and Syria, traveling in groups less often and moving less freely, an Air Force general said Monday.
“The bottom line is air power’s targeted actions are disrupting ISIL’s command and control, their logistics and infrastructure and their freedom of movement,” said Maj. Gen. Jeff Harrigian, using one of the acronyms for the militant group that still has control of broad areas of both countries.
The Islamic State once traveled frequently in long columns of vehicles, massing forces before attacking towns, military bases and other targets. That occurs less frequently now because it is easy for U.S. forces to spot them with aerial surveillance.
“They are a smart adversary, and they have seen that that’s not effective for their survival, so they are now dispersing themselves to allow themselves situations to be more survivable, if you will,” Harrigian said, adding that it “requires us to work harder to locate them, and then develop the situation to appropriately target them.”
Harrigian said that the bulk of the strikes — about 74 percent — have been carried out by the U.S. Air Force. Others have been launched by Navy and Marine Corps pilots flying off ships in the Persian Gulf. The Air Force has flown F-22 Raptors in their first combat campaign along with F-15 fighters, B-1B bombers and drone aircraft.
To coordinate airstrikes in Iraq, the United States has joint terminal air controllers in military operations centers that communicate with Iraqi and Kurdish troops who are out in the field, the general said. The American JTACs decide what kind of action is appropriate based on the information they receive, Harrigian said. That does not occur in Syria, however, suggesting the United States and its partners are striking the Islamic State based on aerial surveillance alone.
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

IRS needs improvement on collecting delinquent taxes  audit shows5
In a review of 250 cases involving unpaid taxes, the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration found that IRS employees in 57 percent of the incidents didn't always complete all of the research steps before closing the cases as “currently not collectible” or “unable to contact or unable to locate.”
In fiscal 2012, the IRS closed nearly 483,000 cases involving $6.7 billion for such reasons, the audit notes.
IRS field employees are required to perform up to 10 research tasks – including tracing postal records, checking vehicle records and searching courthouse files for property records – before closing out a case as uncollectible.
Furthermore, a small percentage of cases didn’t have a “notice of federal tax lien” filed. That happens when a taxpayer doesn’t respond to IRS letters regarding delinquent taxes; at that point, the IRS is supposed to file a “notice of federal tax lien” at local government offices. The audit estimated that $53 million wasn't protected because such liens weren't filed when required.
“If the IRS does not take all of the required research steps prior to closing cases, there is increased risk that the government’s interest may not be protected and that taxpayers will not be treated equitably,” J. Russell George, Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration, said in a statement.
In a response attached to the audit, the IRS said it generally agreed with the audit but said the watchdog likely overstated potential lost revenues when federal tax lien notices aren't filed. "We believe that the government’s interest is adequately protected in these cases,” the IRS said.

Just Why Is Ello So Naivereddit
Challenging Facebook is not about delivering a naive message about privacy and freedom from ads. It is about understanding how we use the market, brands and technology to construct our moral identities.
In a matter of days, the new social network Ello , described as the "anti-Facebook" for its stand on privacy and advertising, has become an Internet sensation. Ello is rapidly catching on on with its simple message which takes aim at frustrations of Facebook users. As Ello's " manifesto " states: "We believe a social network can be a tool for empowerment. Not a tool to deceive, coerce and manipulate -- but a place to connect, create and celebrate life. You are not a product."
But you actually are. We all are.
As a sociological game, social media is not about being an authentic person. It is about trying to become an authentic person in the eyes of your audience -- a moral protagonist . The goal is to convince family members, friends, colleagues, customers and other stakeholders, through a continuous process of emotional self-branding, that we are able to do the right, or even better, the "righteous" thing -- even though we are forced to navigate a complex landscape of moral ambiguities.
As authenticity enterprises, we need two things:
cultural and market resources to build authenticity
a technology that brings multiple authenticity producers, including not only regular consumers but also brands, advertisers, opinion leaders, intellectuals, celebrities, journalists and other technologies together so that we can "like" and "share" each others' standpoints
Facebook understands its leading role as an identity technology -- it is providing the leading tool for individual empowerment, not although, but precisely because it is also the leading tool to deceive, coerce and manipulate the perceptions of others.
At present, Ello does not even compete in this market. It rather competes in the market for quickly expiring authenticity resources -- manifestos, big and small, that allow consumers to take a normative stand: the most recent Guardian article about fairness, the Peta video about the benefits of vegetarianism feat. Paul McCartney, Naomi Klein's new book about global warming or the Robin Williams Buzzfeet that drives home the point that "depression is real."
This interplay between identity technologies and symbolic materials market actors use to create their identities, however, not only illustrates that Facebook's most important advertisers are not the industry advertisers but the 1.3 billion members who go online to market themselves and their lives.
It also shows that announcing, on Facebook, that one is now also a member of Ello is never a sign of migration or large-scale market change. It illustrates the urge to make a moral pronouncement. And as such, it rather reinforces Facebook's status as the leading channel for moral identity construction online.
Moralistic manifestos aren't enough. Whoever challenges Facebook will have to move beyond ethic and find better ways to redefine how all market actors -- not only consumers -- can use symbolic materials and technology to construct their moral identities.
Follow Markus Giesler on Twitter: www.twitter.com/drgiesler
More:

We May Never Know If Larry Ellison Flew a Fighter Jet Under the Golden Gate BridgeDaring in the sky, or just in the sea?
Photo by Don Emmert/AFP/Getty Images
Larry Ellison, the billionaire and until very recently CEO of Oracle, is famous for his outlandish pursuits. He delights in shooting hoops aboard his yacht The Rising Sun (reportedly the world's 10th largest) and owns 97 percent of the Hawaiian island Lanai. In a recent profile otherwise devoted to that significant geographic purchase , the New York Times notes another oddity: "There's a rumor—the truth of which remains murky—that Ellison once flew a fighter jet under the Golden Gate Bridge."
Could such a thing be true? The closest Ellison has ever come to addressing the epic rumor appears to be in a 2004 interview with Charlie Rose . Asked whether he had taken a joyride below the Golden Gate Bridge, Ellison told Rose that doing so would be against Federal Aviation Administration rules and "so of course not." Then again, if he had pursued such a stunt, Ellison added, he would have taken one of his fighter planes.
Advertisement
In an effort to get to the bottom of this rumor, I called up the authorities at the Golden Gate Bridge, Highway and Transportation District. I spoke with several people, all of whom were familiar with the rumor of the Ellison joyride but none of whom could confirm that it had happened. One longtime sergeant, who declined to give his name, said there are similar stories around San Francisco's Fleet Week—that the Blue Angels would invert a plane and fly it beneath the bridge.
Top Comment
I heard he once drank a gallon of milk in under 10 minutes.   More...
-The Tick [S++++](More Slate-ier than William Saletan's mom)
Join In
But that also seems to be hearsay. " We wouldn't do that ," a member of the Blue Angels told the Charleston, South Carolina, Post and Courier in 2010. "It's really unsafe." She added that the sharp turns taken by the jets could leave onlookers with the impression that an aircraft had flown under the bridge. (Watch the YouTube footage below from about the 5-second mark to the 10-second one, and you'll see why.) At any rate, we may never really know if Ellison attempted this. But if it's too dangerous for the Blue Angels, it seems unlikely that Ellison tried—much less managed—to pull off the trick.
Alison Griswold is a Slate staff writer covering business and economics.

Narendra Modi Madisonmodi-at-madison...    Cached
Prime Minister Narendra Modi's keenly awaited speech at the iconic Madison Square Garden in New York was a grand affair but if you missed the live coverage, don't sweat.

Pro-democracy Hong Kongpacific/hong-kong...    Cached
HONG KONG — Choi, a 21-year-old student, does not tell his parents when he heads off to join the pro-democracy protests in Hong Kong. It’s simply not worth the ...

Hong Kong ups game as competition risesHong Kong ups game as renminbi competition rises
By Josh Noble
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e1b8f6b0-2ea4-11e4-afe4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Singapore as regional hub for intra-Asia commerce© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d898493c-2ea4-11e4-afe4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Financial centres vie for slice of the pieFinancial centres vie for slice of renminbi’s growing offshore business
By Delphine Strauss
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2485802e-2ea2-11e4-afe4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Developing countries challenge dollarEmerging markets eye renminbi trading alternative to dollar
By James Kynge
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/df11fbbe-2ea4-11e4-afe4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

YPF and Petronas negotiating Pemex tie-up© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/af06f61c-47f0-11e4-b5ad-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Wall St. ends down on Hong Kong tensions  Ford outlookWall St. ends at records on central bank action
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
NASDAQ European Central Bank Financial Markets NYSE Euronext, Inc. GameStop Corp. Mario Draghi
By Ryan Vlastelica
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks closed higher on Friday, with major indexes notching a fifth straight weekly advance after China's central bank cut its benchmark interest rate and its euro zone peer announced asset purchases in efforts to boost each region's economy.
The gains were broad on a day when both the Dow and S&P 500 ended at closing records. All ten primary S&P 500 industry sectors ended the day higher, while 63 percent of stocks traded on the New York Stock Exchange closed in positive territory. About 50 percent of Nasdaq-listed names were higher on the day.
The People's Bank of China said it was cutting one-year benchmark lending rates for the first time in more than two years.
The move came after European Central Bank head Mario Draghi said "excessively low" inflation had to be raised quickly by whatever means necessary, rekindling expectations the ECB will move to stimulate the euro zone economy. The ECB said it started buying asset-backed securities to encourage banks to lend and revive the economy.
"It isn't the size of the moves but the shock value of the direction that is really lifting markets today," said Mark Luschini, chief investment strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott in Philadelphia, which manages about $67 billion in assets. "This is a one-two punch for global growth."
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 88.94 points, or 0.5 percent, to 17,807.94, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 10.7 points, or 0.52 percent, to 2,063.45 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.10 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,712.97.
Both the Dow and S&P ended at records. For the week, the Dow rose 1 percent, the S&P added 1.2 percent and the Nasdaq rose 0.5 percent. It was the fifth straight weekly advance for all three.
Gains in the Nasdaq were limited by declines in large-cap tech companies. Microsoft Corp  fell 1.5 percent to $47.97 while Netflix Inc  slid 2.1 percent to $360.28.
GameStop Corp  sank 13 percent to $37.86 a day after the video game retailer posted quarterly revenue and earnings well below expectations. The stock was the biggest decliner on the S&P 500.
The benchmark index's biggest gainers were Ross Stores  and Autodesk Inc , both of which rallied after results late Thursday. Ross jumped 7.3 percent to $89.27 while Autodesk was up 6.1 percent to $61.95.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 2,029 to 1,039, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 1,461 issues rose and 1,286 fell, for a 1.14-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 96 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 111 new highs and 44 new lows.
About 6.5 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data, above the month-to-date average of 6.35 billion.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Why Americans View a Growing Economy With Growing Unrestreddit
The stock market recently hit record highs, unemployment has dropped significantly in the last few years, and GDP growth has been strong lately, so do Americans react to this seeming economic "boom" by singing the song from the Lego movie, "Everything is Awesome"? Hardly, and quite the contrary.
Today, in every single poll, at least two-thirds of Americans think the country is on the wrong track or are dissatisfied with the direction we are going in. Further, most Americans still think we are in an economic downturn or recession and they are dissatisfied with their own finances. They aren't positive about today or optimistic about the economic future.
How do we explain what seems like this disparate or illogical reaction?
Democratic leaders argue that it is a communications problem or a marketing problem, and that average Americans just don't realize how awesome things are. They focus on the inability to get the message out that everything is great on the economy, either blaming poor communication skill at the White House or blame Fox News or some other conservative media outlet for blocking positive information.
Republican leaders don't want to talk about the economy because they think the data shows it is a winning issue for Democrats, so they focus on some other issue the GOP thinks they have an advantage on. Or Republicans blame the negativity of American voters on the fact President Obama has grown government too much and is a bad leader.
Neither side seems to want to go deeper to discover what is really going on, or their solution for the problem comes out of their traditional out-of-date playbooks.
Let's start with the fact that these old indicators of a booming economy no longer tell the true story of what is going on in people's lives. Big economic data or global statistics are out of sync with the economics of citizen's personal lives. Unfortunately many including the media use this data as the way to tell the story of the American economy. It just isn't so. Through the booms that have occurred numerous times in over a generation, the average American's household income has not grown. Average Americans haven't been impacted by booms in Republican administrations or in Democratic administrations. Whether you look at the Reagan, Clinton, Bush or Obama presidencies, the majority of the country has seen no real rise in their personal economic situation.
Recently the New York Times featured some data that provides an explanation for why the overall data seems to convey a broad economic expansion, but most Americans feel very little if any impact. Up through the 1970s a majority of the income gains during economic expansions went to a majority of the citizens.
Starting in the 1980s this shifted dramatically when 80 percent of the gains went to the top 10 percent, continuing this same unfortunate pattern in the 1990s, and has gotten even worse today. The data shows that in this recent expansion 95 percent of the gains have gone to the top 1 percent of the country! No wonder a majority of the country sees no relationship to positive economic data and their life.
And what is the partisan response to this troubling development? Many Democratic leaders want to grow the size of the federal government and vest Washington, D.C., with more power; Republicans think cutting taxes even more will free more money to be in the economy and this will raise all boats. Both are wrong, and these old school attitudes and responses are one of the main reasons we have arrived at this level of pessimism and inequality in our society.
What should we do?
My humble suggestion is that we need to have a well-paying jobs program tied to infrastucture improvements administered locally by cities, counties and states where people still trust government to get the job done. And this should be funded by tax policies at the federal level which put a much bigger burden on the wealthy in this country. The federal government would merely be a collector of the money, then disburse it to more trustworthy entities, and the money would be managed and spent at the local level.
Cutting taxes and growing the federal government bureaucracy have been shown not to work in the last 30 years in solving this now entrenched problem of economic expansions only helping a select few. If we really want to help the middle class , and most Americans, we need a set of policies that are new and truly address the systemic problem. It's time to let go of the partisan talking points, and get to work. If we want a majority of Americans to trust our leaders and be satisfied with the direction of the country, then let's do something that helps them.
There you have it.
Follow Matthew Dowd on Twitter: www.twitter.com/matthewjdowd
More:
Click here to view Conversations
Conversations

Miscalculations may cost Russian leaderSeptember 29, 2014 4:37 pm
Putin has fought his way into a corner
By Lilia Shevtsova
Russia’s president is hostage to his own belligerent posture, writes Lilia Shevtsova
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8d0978d6-3a9f-11e4-bd08-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

After a beheading in Oklahoma  debate over what to call itBy Mark Berman September 29 Follow @markberman
Trucks sit in a parking lot at Vaughn Foods in Moore, Okla., on Friday. (Sue Ogrocki/AP)
The gruesome beheading in Oklahoma last week was, by any reasonable measure, horrifying. Police in Moore said that after Alton Nolen, an employee at a food processing plant, was fired on Thursday, he went to another part of the facility and attacked another employee with a knife. He killed Colleen Hufford and “severed” her head, according to a statement from Sgt. Jeremy Lewis. Nolen, who turned 30 last month, then attacked another co-worker named Traci Johnson.
Mark Vaughn, the chief operating officer of Vaughan Foods and a reserve deputy with Oklahoma County Sheriff’s Office since 2010, confronted Nolen and shot him. Johnson and Nolen were both taken to the hospital in stable condition. Nolen has not been charged yet, though it is expected  that he will be charged with murder. His mother and sister have apologized for the murders.
The mother of Alton Nolen, the man suspected of beheading a former co-worker and attacking a second at an Oklahoma food-processing plant, has released a video statement via Facebook. In the video, Joyce Nolen says, "There are two sides to every story.” (The Washington Post)
Moore, a suburb of Oklahoma City with about 58,000 residents, had previously been in the news after an incredibly destructive tornado last year killed two dozen people and demolished more than 1,000 homes in the city. Hufford, 54, had lost her home in the tornado, the Oklahoman reported on Friday. (In a rather strange coincidence, on Friday a nursing home employee in Oklahoma City was arrested for threatening to cut a co-worker’s head off.)
A 2011 picture of Alton Nolen released by the Oklahoma Department of Corrections. (EPA)
The episode in Moore drew more attention than other incidents of workplace violence because of the nature of this particular attack. Two American journalists — Steven J. Sotloff and James Foley — have been beheaded by Islamic State militants in Syria recently, while Algerian militants beheaded a French hostage named Herve Gourdel . These episodes, particularly the deaths of the journalists, drew an incredible amount of attention and were described as “acts of barbarism”  by President Obama  during his speech about launching a campaign to combat Islamic State.
Authorities have not called the Oklahoma beheading terrorism, instead saying that it appears to be a case of workplace violence. Some commentators and politicians have disagreed with this assessment. Television host Joe Scarborough said this was due to “ political correctness .” Texas Gov. Rick Perry (R), who is considering another presidential campaign in 2016, told Fox News that this appears to be “an act of violence that is associated with terrorism.”
“I think Americans are confused about what this is, and if this is a clear case of an individual going in and doing something that doesn’t meet their definition of workplace violence,” Perry said, according to the Hill . “I think any rational-thinking American is going to look and this and go this is more than just normal workplace violence.”
Putting aside the macabre reality of a world in which “normal workplace violence” and “ what should count under the heading of school shootings ” are things we can categorize and debate, there is the reality of what police and authorities say. The Moore police said that Nolen had tried to convert several co-workers to Islam. Two federal law enforcement officials told The Washington Post  that Nolen was a recent convert to Islam with a “provocative” Facebook page that included a photo of Osama bin Laden.
Yet these officials also said that the FBI had found no link to terrorism. They also said there was no indication that Nolen was copying the beheadings of journalists in Syria carried out by the Islamic State. Instead, the officials said, they are treating this as an incident of workplace violence.
The debate regarding how we define such situations recurs from time to time. After  Elliot Rodger opened fire in Santa Barbara earlier this year,  Sally Kohn wrote  that a man specifically seeking to punish women — using violence to promote that ideology — is a terrorist. When two police officers were targeted and gunned down in Las Vegas , Post Nation asked about why this particular shooting wasn’t being identified as a terrorist attack.
The FBI, it should be noted, defines terrorism as something that seems meant to intimidate a civilian population or affect the actions of a government. Of course, the FBI also says that “there is no single, universally accepted definition of terrorism.” Another way some experts define terrorism is anything that targets innocent civilians. Yet the reaction to this particular incident in Oklahoma reminds me of something J.M. Berger, a terrorism analyst, said after the Las Vegas shootings .
“One of the problems with an inconsistent definition of terrorism is basically, if a Muslim does it it’s terrorism and if a white guy does it, it’s not,” Berger said in an interview in June. “If the guy in Santa Barbara said Jews instead of women and said ‘Allahu Akbar’ in his video, it would be called terrorism.”
This inconsistent definition also clearly comes into play when we have an incident involving someone beheading someone else, particularly coming so close on the heels of the Islamic State’s actions. Yet it also speaks to the fact that we have periodic spasms of violence that tend to defy easy characterization (or they fit into one such category, only for it to irritate the outside observers who pontificate on television shows about how it must be something else entirely). These are abstract and academic arguments, ones that serve little except the beliefs and motives of the people making them, divorced from the realities of an unknowable world we are forever trying to fit into preconceived categories and characterizations.
Meanwhile, the abstract is more concrete in Moore. Workers began returning to Vaughan Foods on Monday. Crisis counselors are on hand to check on the well-being of every employee, the company said, while each shift is beginning with a group gathering. The idea, they say, is to allow employees to draw strength from one another.
“The loss of our Vaughan Foods family member remains very much in our hearts and minds,” the company said in a statement. “We are encouraged by the strength and resilience we see in our team.”
Adam Goldman contributed to this report.
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He runs Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.

Supreme Court stays injunction against changes in Ohio voting rulesBy Jonathan H. Adler September 29
Earlier today the U.S. Supreme Court put on hold a district court injunction against changes to Ohio’s voting rules.  Splitting 5-4, the Court granted the order sought by the state, overturning the judgment of a three judge panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit .  No opinions accompanied the order.  A petition for rehearing en banc remains pending before the Sixth Circuit.
As a consequence of the Court’s order, recently enacted changes to Ohio’s voting rules will be in effect for the November elections.  Among the changes are a reduction in the in-person early voting period from 35 days before the election to 28 days, a reduction in weekend voting, and the elimination of nighttime early voting. Here are early reports from SCOTUSBlog , the Columbus Dispatch  and the Post’s Robert Barnes .
At Election Law Blog, Rick Hasen comments :
 while the Court did not offer a reason for its order today, it is very likely that the conservative Supreme Court majority did not believe in t he very expansive views  of equal protection and section 2 of the Voting Rights Act endorsed by the very liberal district court judge and 6th Circuit panel below.
I think it was a mistake to bring this Ohio case. I am not convinced that it is a significant burden on voters to cut back a week off early voting including the last Sunday. Really, if 28 days is too little early voting, what does this say about New York, with NO period of early voting?  I do not buy the “context”  argument about Ohio in part because these cutbacks are so minor.
I am worried this case will make bad law, . . . I have argued  that when there is a significant burden on voters imposed for no good reason, or imposed for a partisan reason, then courts should shut down voting restrictions. The Ohio case did not involve significant burdens, and the theories accepted by the district court and 6th Circuit panel were vast constitutional expansions of voting rights. As  Ned Foley reminded us , not everything that is good policy is constitutionally required.
How Appealing rounds up more coverage here .
Jonathan H. Adler teaches courses in constitutional, administrative, and environmental law at the Case Western University School of Law, where he is the inaugural Johan Verheij Memorial Professor of Law and Director of the Center for Business Law and Regulation.

3 Tips for Practicing Meditation in the Officereddit
Wherever we are, we have the ability to be present. On the meditation cushion, we can be present with the physical sensation of our breathing. Off the meditation cushion, we can be present with the people we encounter, our morning commute, the food we eat, everything. That is the purpose of meditation practice: to become more present and aware of every aspect of our life.
When it comes to work, we always have a choice. We can schlep through our day-to-day existence, considering those hours we are working to be a waste of time, constantly looking ahead to our time off, or we can engage it in a way that makes us feel like we are participating in a life worth living. Meditation practice helps us slow down and be present enough to recognize the small joys about our work, as well as its frustrations. It helps us sort through the muck of our own mind, know our intention clearly, and live our lives fully. For a short video on how to meditate, click here .
I recommend that people start their day with meditation, when their mind is fresh. However, the timing for when we meditate is going to look different for different people. Some people love to meditate when they get home from work. Others like to take some time in the middle of their day, during their lunch break. Regardless of what works for you, try to start off with ten minutes a day, as many days a week as you can. It is said that after eleven days of doing anything in a row it becomes habit forming, so if you want to start meditating regularly try sticking to it for that consecutive period. Over time, if you miss a day here or there no need to beat yourself up.
That daily meditation practice can be the foundation for your spiritual journey. However, to think that you leave your mindfulness on the meditation cushion when you're done with a meditation session would be foolish. We are, after all, practicing for something. That something is the rest of our life.
Since we spend so much time at work, it is helpful to take moments to practice meditation throughout our day. If we have one meditation session at some point in our day we can use that as the jumping off point for very short sessions throughout the rest of it.
With that in mind, there are a few techniques I would recommend in practicing meditation at your work, be it a post office, an auto body shop, a library, or even a busy department store.
The Ding Meditation
One thing I like to do is set a timer to go off once an hour. I set a reminder on my phone, and after sixty minutes it will go "ding!" No matter what I am working on I am reminded to raise my gaze, connect with my posture, and meditate for a minute. I don't set a timer for that part of the process, I just practice for what feels like a minute or two then reset the timer and go back to work.
The Red Dot Meditation
My very first meditation instructor offered me this technique when I expressed interest in meditation as a child. He knew I would grow restless if I had to sit still for long periods of time so he recommended I take red circular sticker dots (you can find them at any stationary store) and post them around my house. When I walked by one and noticed it, I should think of it as a tiny STOP sign and pause, connect with my body, pay attention to my breath for a few moments, then move on. Try to do this in your own work environment. They are small enough that very few people will notice them, and it cuts through the habitual way you might rush about the place.
The Buddy System
It's often helpful to have a community of other meditators who encourage you to practice regularly. With that in mind, try to figure out if there is someone else in your place of employment who is interested in pursuing meditation. If so, you two can carve out some time during lunch or another break and meditate together for ten minutes. You don't have to practice meditation at home all by yourself; you two can find a quiet spot on the grass outside or on a bench somewhere, set a timer, and enjoy one another's support. Granted, it is extraordinary to find this sort of spiritual friend at work, but if you can you will experience a great level of support for your meditation practice; it's worth asking your colleagues if they are interested.
The more we begin to offer ourselves the gift of meditation, both in longer sessions and in little moments throughout our day, the more we are able to connect with the present moment. By enjoying the present moment we are able to connect with the details of our life, and experience every moment as an opportunity to connect with our basic goodness. From there, our strong mind can support us throughout our day.
Adapted and excerpted from The Buddha Walks into the Office, by Lodro Rinzler, © 2014 by Lodro Rinzler with Shambhala Publications, Inc. , Boston, MA. In bookstores now. www.shambhala.com
Follow Lodro Rinzler on Twitter: www.twitter.com/lodrorinzler
More:
Meditation Office Meditation
This Blogger's Books and Other Items from...

13th straight win for Kolkata Knight RidersKolkata power into CLT20 semis with 13th straight win
CLT20, GAME 18 — Uthappa, Pandey set up 36-run win over Dolphins in dead rubber.
By Rachna Shetty | ESPNcricinfo –  Mon 29 Sep, 2014 5:30 AM IST
Tweet
0
Kolkata Knight Riders 187 for 2 (Uthappa 85*, Pandey 76*) beat Dolphins151 for 8 (Phehlukwayo 37, Narine 3-33) by
Scorecard and ball-by-ball details
Uthappa and Pandey added 153 runs in just 15 overs.
Leading in his 100th T20, against Dolphins in Hyderabad, Kolkata Knight Riders captain Gautam Gambhir wanted his side to do something different and test themselves before the semi-final. So for the second time in their streak of 13 victories, incidentally the longest for an Indian T20 side, Knight Riders batted first. It veered from their set game plan of allowing their spinners to tie up the opposition in knots before chasing a target but the end result was along expected lines, specially after Robin Uthappa and Manish Pandey had razed the Dolphins attack with unbeaten fifties and a 153-run partnership, the highest stand in the Champions League.
Dolphins made a small dent early in Knight Riders' innings, getting rid of Gambhir and Jacques Kallis , and Kyle Abbott managed to slip in a couple of searching overs at the start, utilising some movement off the pitch. Then Uthappa and Pandey came together with the score at 34 for 2 in the fifth over and by the time the innings ended, their stand had come at a swift clip of 10 runs per over. Their batting was almost effortless, specially Uthappa's, whose polished drives were mixed in with well-timed steers behind the wicket.
Pandey, at the other end, used a swinging backlift to carve out fours and sixes. He also benefitted from two reprieves; he was dropped on 32 and 33 in the 13th and 14th overs and duly repaid Dolphins by smashing 42 off the next 19 balls he faced. He mauled Abbott, Dolphins' best bowler, scything and swinging his way to 21 runs in the 18th over. The ease with which the pair accumulated the runs meant that Knight Riders coasted at more than eight runs an over for most of their innings, before ending at 187 for 2.
In their previous games, Dolphins had shown glimpses of explosiveness in their batting but it didn't come together in this game. The early wickets added to the pressure of a tall chase but there were bright spots for Dolphins, particularly the entertaining, and at times brash, 63-run partnership between Khaya Zondo and Andile Phehlukwayo. The latter survived an edgy start before slamming some powerful shots, including a reverse sweep off Sunil Narine that came off due to his late adjustment. Narine contributed 3 for 33 to the win, which now places Knight Riders behind Surrey and Otago on the list of teams with most successive wins in T20s.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

Ford says recall will cost $500 millionFord says C-Max recall will cost $500 million
By Melvin Backman   @CNNMoney September 29, 2014: 6:21 PM ET
Friday's recall is going to cost Ford a pretty penny.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Ford Motor Company put a price tag on its latest recall : $500 million.
The automaker broke the news Monday during a conference call with investors. It also said the amount will lower the company's profit expectations for the year.
Ford ( F ) announced Friday that it's recalling 850,000 C-Max, Fusion, Escape and Lincoln MKZ models from 2013 and 2014 because a flaw in the air bag electronics might prevent them from deploying in a crash.
It said it hadn't heard about any accidents or injuries related to the problem.
 
Automakers set recall record in 2014
Ford's recall comes as carmakers remain on heightened alert for defects in their vehicles. GM's ( GM ) massive recall for a faulty ignition switch set this year's record-setting recall pace.
Related: 21 deaths now tied to GM defect
Recalls aren't the only place where the company is struggling.
"Our outlook for 2014 has deteriorated as a result of higher warranty costs and deterioration in the business environments in South America and Russia," the company said in a presentation for investors.
It said it expects to lose $1 billion this year in South America and $1.2 billion largely due to issues in Russia. Ford also projected a $250 million loss in Europe next year.
The company said it now expected to make around $6 billion for the year, down from the $7 billion to $8 billion range it gave earlier this year.
Ford shares closed nearly 7.5% lower on the news.
First Published: September 29, 2014: 4:50 PM ET
Most Popular

Californias massive King fire is almost fully contained. But its not dead yet.A burned-out car sits in front of the remains of a home that was destroyed by the King fire near Pollock Pines, Calif. (Justin Sullivan/Getty Images)
The enormous wildfire that torched a major-city-sized swath of drought-dried Northern California forest is finally dying down.
The King fire, which began Sept. 13 off of a hiking trail in the Sierra Nevada foothills east of Sacramento, burned more than 97,000 acres, destroyed a dozen homes and another 68 structures, forced thousands of evacuations and left several fire-service members injured. But heavy rains have brought badly needed relief and helped fire crews get the blaze under control.
The King fire is now 92 percent contained, the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection announced Monday evening. The number of fire crews battling the blaze has been cut from more than 8,000 last week to about 3,400.
One week earlier, the King fire was just 18 percent contained, the Sacramento Bee reported . The projected containment date is now Oct. 4, according to fire officials .
Herve Leconte of holds a thank you sign for firefighters battling the King fire. (Stephen Lam/Reuters)
But the crews that stayed behind to work the fire are not completely in the clear: Warmer, drier weather in the coming days “is expected to cause an increase in fire activity and smoke in the interior of the fire area where heavy and sheltered fuels retained heat,” Cal Fire said in a statement. “However, the fire is not expected to spread.”
According to Los Angeles Times , firefighters are working “to tamp down heavier fuels — dry vegetation that can act as kindling — that were sheltered from the rain by a dense forest canopy.”
The rainstorms that helped stop the fire — which had grown so big, and was producing so much smoke, that it was visible from space — has created a new problem, U.S. Forest Service spokesman Jim Mackensen told the Times:
The rain produced some minor mudflows, and threatened at least one home, but firefighters were able to stabilize the area, Mackensen said.
Crews were evaluating homes and damaged buildings that may be endangered by future mudslides, he said.
Amazing @NASA_Landsat satellite photo shows the extent of the #KingFire . Burned forest is colored red. pic.twitter.com/frcYASjfh7
— NWS Sacramento (@NWSSacramento) September 27, 2014
J. Freedom du Lac is the editor of The Post's general assignment news desk. He was previously a Local enterprise reporter and, before that, the paper’s pop music critic.

Elaborate scheme to catch a corrupt judgeComments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.
All comments are posted in the All Comments tab.
Get a badge
To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in.
Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.
Spam

6 Powerful Tips to Effective Content Curationreddit
Content marketing is hot, with businesses everywhere implementing content marketing strategies. As a result, content curation has emerged and is becoming increasingly more popular. According to a survey by Trapit, 74% of marketers say curation is an important element of their content strategy. And Hanley Wood found that 78% of CMOs think content is the future of marketing - a bold statement indeed.
There's a huge sea of purportedly "helpful" content available on the web. But the truth is, a lot of it is actually poor quality, some is ok, and a small amount is the "gold" that everyone's looking for. Sorting through all this content to find the best of the best isn't easy. That's why it's extremely valuable to provide your readers with excellent curated materials.
As well, the best curated content has a good chance of going viral and can spark insightful discussion among your readers and the broader community. Curata found that 76% of marketing professionals share curated content via social media channels. This provides you with a perfect opportunity to engage with people (perhaps potential customers) in two-way dialogue.
Here are six excellent tips to help you effectively curate content:
1. Leverage your existing content
If you're already involved with content marketing, you may have a mass of great content that you've published in a variety of places. Sift through it to feature certain pieces in your curated list. If the list goes viral and a lot of your content is featured, your company will attract that much more attention and be seen as a true thought leader.
2. Include a variety of content types
Include an array of content types, such as infographics, images, videos, articles, e-books, guides, and podcasts. Many people immediately think of articles or written content when it comes to curation, but restricting yourself is a mistake. There is a lot of highly valuable content out there that comes in an array of forms. And curating different types makes it more interesting for your readers. Keep in mind that visual content is especially powerful. We know, for instance, that articles with images get 94% more views .
3. Use content from a variety of sources/platforms
Great content can come from anywhere, including social media sites. When finding good content to curate, keep in mind that sometimes those "golden nuggets" can come from places you normally may not think of, like a Pinterest board, an email, a survey, a Google Plus page, or a webinar.
4. Add your voice
Let's say you're a college professor. Would you come into the class, rush through the course material in 10 minutes without properly teaching it, and then leave? Hopefully not. This is a good analogy to curated content with no commentary. Add value to what you're sharing by supplementing the curated pieces with your own voice. This is your opportunity to demonstrate your expertise by drawing on great work others have published. Discuss why the content you're sharing is relevant to your audience and key takeaways you've gleaned from it.
5. Use the right tools to streamline the process
Without the right tools, I've seen marketers spend weeks curating content when they could have got the job done in a much easier and more efficient way. Use BuzzSumo to get a sense for the popular content out there in terms of social media shares. BuzzSumo is a great tool for getting good curation ideas and finding excellent, high value articles that your readers would enjoy. Use Feedly to organize good sites to pull content from and quickly sort through these sites in one place. For more excellent tools, check out " Content Curation Tools: The Ultimate List."
6. Track clicks
Create custom URLs using Google URL builder that link to the content you're sharing. Then, use Google Analytics to view how many clicks each shared piece of content received. This will give you a good indication into what your readers are most interested in/ what's resonating with them. This is helpful information that can guide you in determining your overall content curation plan and even which types of posts to publish in the future.
Content curation has myriad business benefits and should be a key part of your overall content strategy. I hope these tips will help guide you in your journey.
Matthew Collis is a marketing specialist with expertise in digital marketing and communications. He currently works for IXACT Contact Solutions Inc. , a leading real estate CRM firm, where he plays a key role in overseeing marketing and communications programs as well as planning and implementing strategic marketing campaigns. Matthew has published articles in AGBeat, Inman News, and BusinessSoftware.com, among others. You can reach him at matthew.collis@ixactcontact.com or connect with him on LinkedIn here .
More:

Eric Holder: The Reason Robert Rubin Isn t Behind Barsreddit
The big news item in Washington last week was Attorney General Eric Holder's decision to resign. Undoubtedly there are positives to Holder's tenure as attorney general, but one really big minus is his decision not to prosecute any of the Wall Street crew whose actions helped to prop up the housing bubble. As a result of this failure, the main culprits walked away incredibly wealthy even as most of the country has yet to recover from the damage they caused.
Just to be clear, it is not against the law to be foolish and undoubtedly many of the Wall Streeters were foolish. They likely believed that house prices would just keep rising forever. But the fact that they were foolish doesn't mean that they didn't also break the law. It's likely that most of the Enron felons believed in Enron's business model. After all, they held millions of dollars of Enron stock. But they still did break the law to make the company appear profitable when it wasn't.
In the case of the banks, there are specific actions that were committed that violated the law.
Mortgage issuers like Countrywide and Ameriquest knowingly issued mortgages based on false information . They then sold these mortgages to investment banks like Citigroup and Goldman Sachs who packaged them into mortgage backed securities. These banks knew that many of the mortgages being put into the pools for these securities did not meet their standards , but passed them along anyhow. And, the bond-rating agencies rated these securities as investment grade, giving many the highest possible ratings, even though they knew their quality did not warrant such ratings.
All three of these actions --  knowingly issuing mortgages based on false information, deliberately packaging fraudulent mortgages into mortgage backed securities, and  deliberately inflating the ratings for mortgage backed securities - are serious crimes that potentially involve lengthy prison sentences. Holder opted not to pursue criminal cases against the individuals involved.
In the last couple of years Holder did bring civil cases against these banks that led to multi-billion settlements. These settlements won big headlines that gave the appearance of being tough on the banks.
If we look at the issue more closely the rationale for these settlements gets pretty shaky. When Bank of America or J.P. Morgan has to pay out several billion dollars in penalties in 2013 or 2014, the people being hit most immediately are current shareholders and to a lesser extent top management. Since stock turns over frequently, the overlap between the group of people who hold these banks' stock today and the people who benefited from the profits racked up in the bubble years will be limited. This means for the most part the fines are hitting people who did not profit from the wrong doing.
The same story holds for the top executives. Insofar as these are different people from those in charge in the bubble years (this is mostly the case), they can rightly tell their boards that they should not be held responsible for the wrongdoing of their predecessors. As a result, boards are likely to compensate top management if they fail to hit bonus targets due to the fines. This just means more of a hit to current shareholders. So the people who profited from criminal acts get to keep their money, while Holder can boast about nailing people who had nothing to do with the crime.
Had Holder treated this as a normal criminal matter he would have looked to build cases from the bottom up. This means finding specific examples of mortgage agents issuing obviously fraudulent mortgages, cases where these mortgages got bundled into securities at investment banks, and then marked as investment grade by the rating agencies.
The people involved would then be pressed to say whether they are either buffoons or crooks. Most probably would not pass as the former. The next question is why they decided to break the law. When you get people to admit that they were acting on instructions from their bosses, you then ask the bosses whether they want to spend many years in jail or would prefer to explain why they thought it was a good idea to commit fraud. (This is the pattern the Justice Department is pursuing in going after illegal campaign contributions to Washington Mayor Vincent Gray.)
We can never know this pattern of prosecution would have nailed big fish like Goldman's Lloyd Blankfein or Citigroup's Robert Rubin. We do know that Holder never even tried. As a result the Wall Streeters who profited most from illegal acts in the bubble years got to keep their haul. This is the message that bankers will take away going forward. This virtually guarantees ongoing corruption in finance.
Follow Dean Baker on Twitter: www.twitter.com/DeanBaker13
More:

4 Things You Can Do to Brand Yourself Like a Big C-Suite Executivereddit
Did you know that it's harder to get a seat in the c-suite than it is to become a professional sports player? The c-suite is such an elusive club that the leaders in it seem to be elusive themselves. Even the headliners like Richard Branson and Bill Gates still have an air of elusiveness about them.
But how do those leaders making headlines (good ones, not bad ones) build their own personal brand while in the c-suite of major companies?
Know your brand. Be your brand.
Leaders like Richard Branson know the company brand in such detail that they live the brand every day. By knowing their brand, they realize they are an extension of the brand. Unless you're Lululemon, this is a positive thing for both the company and the c-suite leader.
Tip: Remember that you are the brand, wherever you're at and whatever you're doing. I am a sometime cowboy, so you'll never catch me without my signature Lucchese cowboy boots. If you're Indra Nooyi from PepsiCo, you'll never be caught drinking a Coca-Cola. Know your brand. Be your brand.
Be transparent.
Great c-suite leaders empower their employees by being transparent at all times. That open and honest policy helps executive keep their employees in check and lets the employees keep the executives in check! This also helps ward against pesky lawyers and media inquires, too.
Tip: Have a plan in case crisis hits. Take the recent Jimmy John's credit card hack for example. Companies who take any type of transaction should be have a worse-case scenario plan in place in case something like that were to happen. Things like this, from bad customer service interactions to recalls to social media crisis plans, should all be put in place and understood by everyone in the company.
Be present.
Elusive c-suite leaders gain that status by being just that -- elusive. Unless it's their goal to be elusive, that's the wrong way of going about building a personal brand in the c-suite. John Costello, CMO of Dunkin' Donuts, can be found in articles, on TV, speaking at events, on social media -- he isn't hiding in the boardroom.
Tip: If public speaking isn't your thing, have an established and active presence on social media. It keeps you connected directly to your customers and gives you the freedom to display your personality at the same time.
Lead by example.
Running around on a high horse thinking your stuff doesn't stink is a surefire way to ruin the mood in a company. Executives who are on the ground with their finger on the pulse of their business and leading by example are the ones who are taking their companies into the future. Jeff Weiner of LinkedIn tops Glassdoor's Highest Rated CEOs of 2014 list because he isn't tucked away in a corner office, but working with his people on the ground.
Tip: C-Suite leaders are extremely busy leading their employees, working with board members, and being the face of the company. It's important to manage your schedule and set adequate time aside for each of these tasks. Whether you're the type to list everything out and check it all off to setting aside certain days for certain things, managing your time wisely and effectively will help you build your personal c-suite brand long-term.
Follow Jeffrey Hayzlett on Twitter: www.twitter.com/JeffreyHayzlett
More:

British faith in Chinese educationBritish faith in Chinese education fails to add up
By Patti Waldmeir
How odd that 85 per cent of parents consider sending their children to study overseas
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d1c2daea-4593-11e4-9b71-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Costa Rica seeks OECD entryCosta Rica seeks OECD entry despite junk status of sovereign debt
By Jude Webber in Mexico City
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a16807ec-4590-11e4-9b71-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

What makes a LondonerMind the gap
Consider, though, whether that piece of popular wisdom is actually rather inclusive. Before cars, the chiming could be heard for miles around. The bells ask nothing of one’s parentage or ethnicity. They do not call on people to hold any specific points of view. One presumably does not even have to enter the church itself to be a Londoner.
“In other cities, many years must pass before a foreigner is accepted; in London it takes many months,” writes Peter Ackroyd in his magnificent London: A Biography. The capital has been a city of immigrants for centuries, from Romans to Russians. William Wordsworth wrote about how it has “every character of form and face”. Today, less than half of London’s population is what demographers call White British. Few cities in history have consistently changed with so little violence and turmoil.
For people in London, identifying as English is choosing the rind of postcolonial Britain rather than the zest
This does not mean that London is a multicultural cosmopolitan utopia. Inequality and segregation exist as well as community. But the flows of people over the centuries, which have accelerated in the 21st, indicate that for many around the world London is the future. Not just their future but in a very real sense, that of humanity, an ever more bustling urban creed. Ackroyd quotes from Windrush, a history of the Caribbean migrations to London after the second world war. Its authors, Mike and Trevor Phillips, argue that people were not migrating to England but to London, since it was the best way “to engage with the broad currents of modernity”. So it remains.
Today, to be a Londoner is to be part of this mix of modernity, migrants and money. It is to be at the vanguard of globalisation with all the opportunity and risk that entails. Its people are on average more liberal than elsewhere in the country. While it triumphed in other parts of England, the UK Independence party polled poorly in the capital.
A majority of Londoners believe immigration is a good thing compared with only 25 per cent elsewhere in Britain, according to the British Social Attitudes Survey. They are more likely to believe that the EU is a positive institution. Londoners are also more tolerant of mixed ethnicity and same-sex relationships.
It is easy to fall in to the trap of thinking that this relative tolerance is an abstract quality that the city passes on to its citizenry. It might be. But it is more likely that the people who go to London (or are brought up there) are more liberal. They self-select.
In The Big Sort, Bill Bishop and Robert Cushing argue that in the US, like-minded people are increasingly clustering together. Something of the same might be happening this side of the Atlantic, suggests Neil O’Brien, the former head of the Policy Exchange think-tank and an adviser to George Osborne, the chancellor. Britons with degrees, for example, are increasingly concentrated in London.
In an essay for The Spectator magazine, O’Brien argued for the existence of “Planet London” orbiting the rest of the UK.
This is a slight exaggeration. Londoners, like people everywhere, have multiple identities. Urban and national identities can sit side-by-side. But it is revealing that when it comes to these national identities, Londoners, especially ethnic minorities tend to see themselves as British rather than English, according to the BSA. They associate Britishness with openness and Englishness with intolerance: to them, identifying as English is choosing the rind of postcolonial Britain rather than the zest.
Questions of identity loom large over British politics. There was the Scottish referendum on independence . A Conservative victory in next year’s general election would kickstart the possible exit of the UK from the EU . The UK Independence party is aiming to win parliamentary seats for the first time. If England turns inwards, Londoners, who face outwards, will feel ever more unusual.
Related Topics

The Future of the Renminbi©Reuters
In this report
Having been almost invisible in much of the world for years, the Chinese currency is now filling more pockets, portfolios and bank accounts than ever before. Yet it is far from clear when and how the renminbi might ever displace the dollar as a reserve currency

Global ambitions for the renminbi sow domestic risks as China finds its way towards internationalisation©Reuters
In this report
Having been almost invisible in much of the world for years, the Chinese currency is now filling more pockets, portfolios and bank accounts than ever before. Yet it is far from clear when and how the renminbi might ever displace the dollar as a reserve currency

GOTHAM RECAP  Selina Kyle (Ep. 2): From cat to fish  the animal instincts come out to playThe Fox series “Gotham” goes deeper into the darkness.
(courtesy of Fox TV)
 
FOR OUR second visit to Fox’s “Gotham,” we get a deeper look into the growing dark psychological issues of young Bruce Wayne, who is dealing with the fresh shock of seeing his parents murdered. There is also a threat from the city’s top mob boss to his would-be competition; a new mystery involving kidnapped young homeless kids that temporarily puts the Wayne murder case on hold; and a better look at young Selina Kyle.
Here are Comic Riffs’ 7 Takeaways from Monday night’s episode of “Gotham”:
1. Bruce: in a bad mental place
Once again, just as in last week’s series debut, our time with young Bruce Wayne is brief — but it looks as if each time we see Bruce, we’ll get a peek into his tortured psyche. When Bruce isn’t experimenting with self-mutilation, he’s testing the limits of how much pain he can absorb. This episode’s toughness test: burning his hand with a candle flame to see how much he can withstand without flinching (paging G. Gordon Liddy on Line 1). That is, until Alfred catches him and gives him a right good chewing-out. Alfred pays a visit to Jim Gordon and lets our honest detective know that young master Wayne could use a visit. When Gordon asks what difference a visit from him could possibly make, Alfred tells him that Bruce respects him.
Gordon heads over to Wayne Manor and Alfred gives him more of the rough details. Bruce sneaks up on both of them — startling Alfred, and giving Gordon a preview of something to expect later in his career.
2. A better Bullock?
A particularly fun aspect of “Gotham” will shape up to be the mood of Detective Bullock from week to week. The first episode gave us a Harvey Bullock who was a far cry from his animated past. If anything, after the first episode, we were left to wonder whether Bullock was one of the bad guys, or just surviving the only way a Gotham cop can — by blending in with the corruption.
This week, we see Bullock arriving late to the scene of a murder. Gordon, of course, is already there, wondering where everyone else is. Bullock arrives — and with coffee for both (who knew he cared?). “I got you one, but I dropped it,” Bullock says to Gordon. That at least lets us know he’s in a decent mood. Maybe we’ll get more good cop than bad cop this week.
Bullock and Gordon are investigating the murder of a homeless veteran that could be connected to the kidnappings of young homeless people. Bullock is ready to declare the murder random; he’s got coffee to drink, after all. Gordon is starting to figure out pretty quickly that there’s always more to any crime in Gotham than what can be detected at first blush.
3. Mutual respect — and a message sent
A message from the Mafia? Fish Mooney doesn’t receive any horse heads, but she does get a very stern, respectful visit from Carmine Falcone, the head mob boss of all of Gotham. Falcone informs Fish that Oswald — aka the future Penguin — let him know that Fish was trying to make a move on Falcone to become the top Gotham crime boss. Fish does the only thing she can to survive: She completely denies it. As a respectful mobster who follows the rules, Falcone can only take Fish at her word, but just in case she thinks he’s a complete idiot, Falcone asks about her love life. Fish isn’t seeing anyone, but Falcone knows she’s got to be doing something with somebody. He wants to know who her most recent lover was. Fish points to one of the servants at her nightclub. The servant is called over. Falcone tells him he had better not break Fish’s heart. Then he has his goons beat the guy to a pulp. Message sent: Mess with Falcone, and Falcone messes with you.
Fish can retaliate against the beating of her now-retired boy-toy. She’s mad. She wishes Oswald wasn’t (seemingly) dead so she could make him suffer. Little does she know that’s still possible.
The eventual meeting of Fish and Penguin is something to look forward to early in this series. Oh, and another thing about Fish: Jada Pinkett Smith seems to be channeling Eartha Kitt (that former Catwoman) in her portrayal of Fish. Surprisingly, it works when playing Fish.
4. Poor penguin
After surviving his fake assassination at the hands of Jim Gordon, Oswald is miles outside of Gotham and looking to hitch a ride. He’s picked up by two college kids who are too drunk (or too stupid) to realize the danger they’re in. Oswald is so happy that he’s been given a ride — after walking for miles after his long swim to land — that he endures the initial insults from his car-mates. Until, that is, one of them mentions that he looked like a penguin with his limp. We know from the first episode how much Oswald hates being called “penguin.” The college kids don’t last long. One is soon dead; the other, Oswald decides to hold hostage at a trailer that he manages to rent.
Things are looking up. Oswald has his killer swag back — a necessary trait for someone who is sure to return to Gotham with a plan — to reorganize the criminal order — and he has a hostage. The only problem: When he sends a video of the tied-up guy to the hostage’s family, and demands 10-grand, the family doesn’t believe him. What kind of guy has Oswald kidnapped, he wonders.
We also meet Oswald’s mother, who gets a visit from Rene Montoya and her partner. They come off as concerned by Oswald’s disappearance, but really they’re just mad that they potentially lost their biggest snitch.
Oswald’s mother is convinced that Oswald has run off with a woman. Who could resist him, she wonders as she holds a picture of him that only a mother could love. Mom is either crazy or faking it with the skill of a stage actress. Too soon to tell.
5. Et tu, Captain?
Bullock is complaining to Captain Sarah Essen again about Gordon (something that could become a weekly occurrence). Essen wants to know what the problem is. She thought Gordon was “with the program” now. Is she referring to Gordon’s murder of Oswald, which was supposed to show that he was on board with how things really work in Gotham? Is the Captain that blatantly corrupt? Is Jim Gordon really the only good cop on this force?
6. Arkham
Arkham is mentioned. It’s been closed for 15 years. The real question is: When will things start getting crazy enough in Gotham City that they decide to reopen it.
7. Cat begins?
Selina Kyle once again witnesses something she shouldn’t see (this time, a creepy couple abducting young kids for the Dollmaker — will we see more of him?). She doesn’t have as much luck the second time around and is abducted herself — yet once again, she shows off some catlike moves to escape. She’s almost shot by her kidnappers when Gordon and Bullock come to save the day. (As Bullock beats the info out of a corrupt pharmacist, Gordon allows this, since the pharmacist has helped kids suffer). Selina — not wanting to be sent upstate — demands to speak with Gordon and informs him that she saw who really killed the Waynes. She saw the killer, and she’s been following Gordon — she knows that he can be trusted.
Will Gordon be the link that brings Selina and Bruce together?
RELATED:

Obama hosts dinner for Modi  Michelle gives it a missSep 30, 2014, 09.25 AM IST  | Source: IBNLive.com
Obama hosts dinner for Modi, Michelle gives it a miss
Both the leaders were joined by 20 attendees at the dinner. The President was joined by Vice President Joe Biden, Secretary of State John Kerry and National Security Advisor Susan Rice among others.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Obama hosts dinner for Modi, Michelle gives it a miss
Both the leaders were joined by 20 attendees at the dinner. The President was joined by Vice President Joe Biden, Secretary of State John Kerry and National Security Advisor Susan Rice among others.
Post your opinion here
 
US President Barack Obama on Tuesday hosted a private dinner for Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the White House in Washington, ahead of their summit level talks. Modi was welcomed by Obama who greeted him in Gujarati, "Kem Chho?" (how are you?), the mother tongue of the Prime Minister.
Set in an informal ambiance, the dinner is the first opportunity for both the leaders to interact with each other. First Lady Michelle Obama, however, gave the dinner a miss.
Both the leaders were joined by 20 attendees at the dinner. The President was joined by Vice President Joe Biden, Secretary of State John Kerry and National Security Advisor Susan Rice among others.
Modi was accompanied by External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj, National Security Advisor Ajit Doval and Indian Ambassador to the US, S Jaishankar among others.
As Obama hosted Modi for dinner, the local Indian-Americans celebrated the Modi-Obama meeting by organizing a cultural event and performing "Garbha" dance in front of the White House.
A small group of Kashmir separatists and Sikh separatists also held a protest outside the White House building, but they were far out numbered by the pro-Modi supporters.
There was an unprecedented level of security in and around the White House and Blair House, the official guest house of the US President, in view of the two recent security breaches.
The Pennsylvania Avenue was closed for most part in the evening and the pro-Modi group and anti-India protesters were pushed far behind when the motorcade crossed the avenue on its way to the White House.
Obama received Modi at the South Gate of the White House and the dinner was held in Blue Room of the President's official residence.
The Blue Room is used for receptions and receiving lines, and is occasionally set for small dinners.
RELATED NEWS

Asian Stocks Mostly Lower After US DeclinesAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Modi  Obama to write joint editorial for top US newspaperSep 30, 2014, 09.42 AM IST  | Source: IBNLive.com
Modi, Obama to write joint editorial for top US newspaper
"This is the first time a US President and Indian leader will be writing a joint editorial," said Akbaruddin as he briefed about the 90-minute long dinner diplomacy between Modi and Obama. He, however, avoided queries on how the whole arrangement was made.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Modi, Obama to write joint editorial for top US newspaper
"This is the first time a US President and Indian leader will be writing a joint editorial," said Akbaruddin as he briefed about the 90-minute long dinner diplomacy between Modi and Obama. He, however, avoided queries on how the whole arrangement was made.
Post your opinion here
 
In a first, Prime Minister Narendra Modi and US President Barack Obama will pen down a joint editorial for a leading American newspaper, said MEA spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin after the two leaders met over dinner at the White House .
"This is the first time a US President and Indian leader will be writing a joint editorial," said Akbaruddin as he briefed about the 90-minute long dinner diplomacy between Modi and Obama. He, however, avoided queries on how the whole arrangement was made.
This much anticipated column is followed by a recent post by PM Modi in the reputed Wall Street Journal where he invited entrepreneurs to join his 'Make in India' mission.
As PM Modi arrived at the White House, Obama received him at the door. He greeted him asking "Kem Cho Mr Prime Minister", to which Modi replied, "Thank you Mr President".
"Both Obama, Modi felt that while US-India relations were good, they could be made wider, deeper, stronger," said the MEA spokesperson.
He quipped,"This was a dinner meeting and the PM did not have anything except for warm water. But discussion was convivial."
RELATED NEWS

Big money days over for China techBig money days over for China tech
By Henny Sender
Companies such as Alibaba are crucial to rebalancing of economy
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/905d4ede-47bc-11e4-be7b-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Cameras: out of focus© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/3a8f5c22-4569-11e4-ab86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Renewable energy pact with U.S. likelyNEW YORK, September 30, 2014
Updated: September 30, 2014 00:25 IST
Renewable energy pact with U.S. likely
Suhasini Haidar
energy and resource
While India and the U.S. are at an impasse over the nuclear deal, they are expected to announce an agreement on reneweable energy when Prime Minister Modi and President Obama meet.
In an exclusive interaction with The Hindu, U.S. Assistant Secretary of State Nisha Biswal said India-U.S. ties were in for “transformational growth,” and identified solar energy and other clean energy initiatives as a key area. “Clean energy is a subject very close to President Obama’s heart and I know that India’s government has made this a priority too,” said Ms. Biswal.
The U.S. “welcomed” the government’s decision to allow an anti-dumping proposal on solar energy technology to lapse, which would let India import solar panels and technology more easily.
In early September, the Commerce Ministry agreed to revoke its earlier decision to levy a duty in the range of $0.11—0.81 per watt on solar cells imported from the U.S. and other countries. U.S. companies like First Solar, who have already entered the Indian market with solar modules, were among the companies demanding the change.
The proposed new agreement between New Delhi and Washington would also look at assisting wind power technology, where energy giant General Electric (GE) is the biggest player.

Associate Director Macquarie Capital SecuritiesDon't have an account yet? - Register now
Thank you for posting your query
We will send it across to the expert; watch this space for the reply.
Your message will also be posted on our community on messageboard

US regulators monitor Pimco $223bn fundMercer strips Pimco funds of top rating
By Stephen Foley and Tom Braithwaite in New York and Gina Chon in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f34a1788-4849-11e4-ac9f-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rains persist over South as monsoon exits from more areas in NorthRains persist over South as monsoon exits from more areas in North
Vinson Kurian
Tweet
Thiruvananthapuram, Sept 30:  
The withdrawal of southwest monsoon will gather pace from tomorrow when it is forecast to start exiting from peninsular India.
An India Met Department said that the line of withdrawal now touches Ujjain (Madhya Pradesh) and Vadodara and Porbandar (Gujarat).
With a day left for the close of the season, southwest monsoon 2014 is seen leaving behind a deficit of 12 per cent in rainfall, a figure showing on the penultimate day.
AUTUMNAL REGIME
International models say that the withdrawal process may ‘show better sense of purpose’ from tomorrow when dry westerlies-turned-northeasterlies from northwest and central India would start blowing into peninsular India.
This would establish the dry and progressively cooler autumnal weather regime from the northwest into central and peninsular India from early October.
But rains would continue to lash parts of coastal and south interior Karnataka, Kerala, and adjoining south Tamil Nadu for another 10 more or days so, as per latest outlook.
A causative upper air cyclonic circulation has moved away from the Comorin-Lakshadweep region out into the open waters of southwest Arabian Sea, and away from the west coast of India.
UNSETTLED WEATHER
But a band of southeasterly winds blowing into the system continues to grace the southern peninsula and is also interacting with remnant southwesterly-to-southerly flows from the Arabian Sea to unsettle the atmosphere and trigger thundershowers.
In fact, thunder activity and lightning have peaked along the coastal areas of Kerala and Karnataka as the southwest monsoon prepares to sign off from its last vantage points over the Indian landmass.
The US National Centres for Environmental Prediction sees the rain rebuilding over Sri Lanka and adjoining Indian peninsula from October 7.
This could likely lead to the onset of northeast monsoon over the region, heralded by a weather system originating from the northwest Pacific/South China Sea.
India Met Department sees rain or thundershowers at many places of the west coast and south interior Karnataka as also few places over Madhya Maharashtra, interior Karnataka, and Andaman and Nicobar Islands from October 3 to 7.
(This article was published on September 30, 2014)
Related

Rajan holds rates steady; projects a cautious outlookRBI meets market expectations, holds interest rates
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 30:  
Lower retail inflation and an upgrade in India’s outlook by S&P did not sway the Reserve Bank of India into cutting policy rates.
In its fourth bi-monthly policy review, the RBI remained steadfast in its battle against inflation.
This is the fourth time in as many bi-monthly policy reviews that the repo rate (or the interest rate at which RBI provides short-term liquidity to banks) has been unchanged at 8 per cent.
The RBI reasoned that there are risks from food price shocks as the full effect of the monsoon’s passage unfolds and from geopolitical developments that could materialise rapidly.
The central bank also left the cash reserve ratio (CRR) or the slice of bank deposits parked with it unchanged at 4 per cent of deposits.
With no change in either the policy rate or the CRR, and credit growth lagging deposit growth, bankers don’t expect any change in the deposit or lending rates.
“We have been pragmatic and the medicine (anti-inflationary monetary policy) seems to be working. The problem is before the patient (the economy) has run the full course of the medicine, you (industry) want to take him off the medicine and say let us take a chance. That is always the danger in Indian policy. We have to have the discipline to stay the course,” RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan said at a post policy conference.
Since June, headline inflation has ebbed to levels which are consistent with the desired near-term target of 8 per cent by January 2015.
“The most heartening feature has been the steady decline in inflation excluding food and fuel, by a cumulative 111 basis points since January 2014, to a new low. With international crude prices softening and relative stability in the foreign exchange market, some upside risks to inflation are receding,” RBI said.
Dovish tone
According to Arundhati Bhattacharya, Chairperson, State Bank of India, “This time, the tone of the policy seems to be dovish compared to the tone of the policy in April. If you see the fan chart also, it shows that the risks (to inflation) are more on the downside than the upside risk. Overall, the one takeaway is that there are dis-inflationary trends that are now getting entrenched.”
On growth, RBI said the momentum of activity in all sectors of the economy is yet to stabilise.
“Agriculture should shed the effects of recent shocks and pick up in Q4 (January-March) this fiscal year….The key to a turnaround in the growth path of the economy in the second half of the year is a revival in investment activity – in greenfield as well as brownfield stalled projects – supported by fiscal consolidation, stronger export performance and sustained disinflation.
“With expectations of these conditions remaining broadly unchanged, the projection of growth for 2014-15 is retained at 5.5 per cent within a range of 5 to 6 per cent around this central estimate. The quarterly growth path may slow mildly in Q2 and Q3 before recovering in Q4.”
Outlook
On inflation, Rajan said, as of now, it is reasonably set. “Our expectation is that we can reach the target (of retail inflation of 8 per cent by January 2015) but a lot can happen in the world… But there are also positives and we have to see how it will play out,” he observed.
(This article was published on September 30, 2014)
Related

An avoidable threat to Hong Kongs standingAn avoidable threat to Hong Kong’s standing
Beijing has backed the students into a corner and is facing open revolt
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ed914874-47d2-11e4-ac9f-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Reserve Bank of India keeps key rates unchangedSep 30, 2014 at  11:52am IST
Reserve Bank of India keeps key rates unchanged
15
0
New Delhi: The Reserve Bank of India did not spring up any surprise move in its fourth bi-monthly monetary policy review. The central bank has kept key rates unchanged.
This is the fourth consecutive time that the RBI has kept key interest rates unchanged despite clamours from the industry to cut rates to boost economy. The short-term lending rate (repo) rate now stands at 8 per cent, and the cash reserve requirement of banks at 4 per cent. The statutory liquidity ratio (SLR) has also been retained at 22 per cent.
Explaining the rationale for status quo policy, Rajan said though WPI inflation has ebbed to levels consistent with 8 per cent inflation by January 2015, "there are risks from food price shocks as the full effects of the monsoon's passage unfold, and from geo-political developments that could materialise rapidly."
RBI retained growth projection for current fiscal at 5.5 per cent.
#rbi #monetary policy review #interest rate
He said that there are "uncertainties" over food inflation even though 6 per cent retail inflation target by January 2016 remains a possibility. "The future policy stance will be influenced by the RBI's projections of inflation relative to the medium term objective of 6 percent by January 2016, while being contingent on incoming data," Rajan said.
The RBI also retained the growth projection for the current fiscal at 5.5 per cent. The apex bank sees FY16 growth at 6.3 per cent.
Stock markets remained flat with BSE Sensex at 26,626 points.
(With inputs from PTI)

China Manufacturing Growth in September LowAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Rate cut unlikely during this calendar year: expertsRate cut unlikely during this calendar year: experts
Reuters | Mumbai Sep 30, 2014 12:25 PM IST
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) kept its key policy repo rate unchanged at 8% on Tuesday, as widely expected, while expressing concern about risks to its target to bring consumer inflation down to 6% by January 2016.
The Reserve Bank of India also kept both the statutory liquidity ratio (SLR) and the cash reserve ratio (CRR) unchanged.
Expert comments:
RADHIKA RAO, ECONOMIST, DBS, SINGAPORE
 
"The central bank's tone was neutral, expecting inflation to stick to the disinflationary path in the near-term but flagging upside risks to the FY16 CPI trajectory. The base-effects driven swings in the inflation reading over the next six months will also keep the central bank wary of over-reacting to single data points. We maintain that rate cuts are not imminent and the benchmark rate will plateau at 8% till end-FY15.
 
The cutback on export credit refinance facility is another step towards a shift away from sector-specific liquidity allocations. In addition, the shift towards T+2 settlements for foreign investors is positive, helps widen the investor base and overcomes varying global trading hours."
 
SOUMYAJIT NIYOGI, ANALYST, INTEREST RATE & EQUITY, SBI DFHI PD
 
"We see this as a very balanced and nuanced policy statement that is very future-oriented. The key takeway is that the central bank is now focussed on achieving the 6% inflation target (for Jan 2016) rather than the 8% target. The staggered cut in HTM will mean that it will gradually become aligned with the SLR level so that banks can manoeuvre their portfolios without any disruption in the bond market. Another heartening thing is that we are on our way to achieving the FRBM target."
 
SHAKTI SATAPATHY, FIXED INCOME STRATEGIST, AK CAPITAL, MUMBAI
 
"The tone was well in sync with the central bank's determination towards inflation anchoring in the medium term, while acknowledging the stability across sectors would remain crucial. The series of initiatives from government's end though would weigh on forthcoming policy stances, a clear guidance on bringing down the SLR holdings under HTM (held-to-maturity) somehow indicates the approach of the central bank is more focused towards credit supportive growth strategy rather than a rate supportive approach. In the light of today's RBI guidance, we expect the rate cheer from RBI during the current calendar year seems unlikely with more thrust on liquidity supportive growth strategy."
 
SANDEEP NANDA, CHIEF INVESTMENT OFFICER, BHARTI AXA LIFE INSURANCE, MUMBAI
 
"The policy is more or less in line with estimates. I think RBI's guidance implies some caution. The statement seems more hawkish as RBI's model does not expect inflation to fall rapidly in FY16. Food inflation will take time to come off as a lot of it is in the hands of various states. However, falling oil and vegetable prices mean the door is not completely shut on rate cuts."
KUMAR RACHAPUDI, SENIOR RATES STRATEGIST, ANZ, SINGAPORE
"The overall stance of the RBI remains cautious even though it mentioned that the risks to its inflation objective have somewhat decreased from pre-policy. From a markets perspective, the impact of reduction in HTM assets is marginally negative for bonds".
KILLOL PANDYA, SENIOR FUND MANAGER - DEBT, LIC NOMURA ASSET MANAGEMENT, MUMBAI
"The policy is totally in line with expectations. There have been no surprises at all. RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan remains worried about inflation. The governor worries that inflation would not remain at a lower level in the long run. I think RBI has given a guidance of wait-and-watch policy on interest rates. He has asked the government to reduce bottlenecks to ease food inflation which fall under fiscal space than monetary."
R SIVAKUMAR, HEAD OF FIXED INCOME, AXIS MUTUAL FUND, MUMBAI
"Our expectation is that even after the base effect is accounted for, inflation by January 2015 will be substantially lower than 8%.
RBI is going to roll the goalpost one year forward, and if the CPI inflation moves towards 7% then we expect a gradual pace of rate cuts, and if inflation moves closer to their target 6% then we can probably expect a more aggressive rate of pace cuts.
The reaction on HTM cuts was already priced into the market and it is very muted. We continue to believe cuts in HTM and SLR requirements over a period of time will be driven by RBI's goals to have banks meet their Basel-III liquidity norms."

China Approves iPhone 6 After Security AssurancesAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Bond yields edge up on RBI inflation stance; rupee  shares choppyBond yields edge up on RBI inflation stance; rupee  shares choppy
Nifty reclaims 8 000; Sensex up 200 pointsNifty reclaims 8,000; Sensex up 200 points
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 30, 2014 12:53 PM IST
Benchmark indices are trading firm after the RBI monetary policy statement reinforced expectations of key policy rates to remain unchanged atleast till next year. Gains in HDFC twins and L&T stocks have contributed the most to the rise on the Sensex.
RBI Monetary Policy:
 
RBI after its fourth bi-monthly monetary policy review  also kept cash reserve ratio unchanged at 4% of net demand and time liabilities (NDTL). It has reduced the liquidity provided under the export credit refinance (ECR) facility from 32% of eligible export credit outstanding to 15% with effect from 10 October 2014
 
At 12.45 Hrs, Sensex is at 26,806 with a gain of 200 points while Nifty has gained  61 points and is trading at 8,019.
 
In the broader market, both BSE MId cap and Small Cap indices have outperformed the large counterparts with gains around 0.8% each.
 
Market breadth is positive on the BSE with 1589 advances against 969 declines.
 
On Monday, FIIs remained net sellers with net sales of 250 crores.The Fed's tapering of its quantitative easing and the European Central Bank's quantitative easing may influence FII movement.
 
Rupee:
The Rupee is trading at 61.60  against a strengthening US Dollar. The rupee ended at near a seven-month low due to increase in US economic growth which fuelled concerns that the US Fed may start raising interest rates sooner.
 
Asian Markets:
 
Hang Seng has continued to decline and lost 1.2%  to its lowest in three months while Shanghai Composite with a gain of 0.3%,  remains vulnerable to the spill over effects from the ongoing pro-democracy protests in Honk Kong.
 
In China, steady factory activity and rise in export orders in the month of September have improved the sentiments though further weakness in job market, a huge concern for Chinese authorities, still weighs heavily.
 
Ambiguous state of Japan's economy, particularly given the mixed nature of latest economic assessment reports which suggested decline in unemployment rates  and rebound in retail sales along with a sharp decline in household spending and industrial output, has kept the Nikkei suppressed with a decline of around 0.8%. 
 
Sectors and Stocks:
 
Except BSE IT and Teck sectoral indices, all other indices are trading in the positive teritory. Festive buying has brought a surge in BSE Consumer durables index which is gaining around 2-3%.
 
Expectations of a major manufacturing boost to the economy has surged the capital goods sector by 1.5%.
 
HDFC gorup shares are up along with certain Sensex heavy weights, such as ITC and Tata motors.
Tata Motors gained after the company announced the appointment of Mr. Mayank Pareek as President, Passenger Vehicle Business Unit (PVBU) of Tata Motors.
Rebound in L&T shares have surged its stocks by around 2% after the company said it has won new orders worth Rs 1,423 crore across various business segments in September 2014, including order from Lucknow Metro Rail Corporation.
In the Pharma space, Sun Pharma is trading with a gain of more than 2% and Cipla has surged 1.5% on the back of Strong growth in Kenyan market.
IT majors, Infosys and TCS which climbed yesterday on the back of US GDP growth are trading lower today on profit taking. However reports about restructuring at Wipro has kept the company's stocks in green. Wipro is reported to go for more automation to reduce work force from 1.46 lacs to around 1 lakh.

RBS buoyed by better economy© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f5d742de-486f-11e4-9d04-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Foreign media on Narendra Modi s visit to USPrint
Express News Service | Posted: September 30, 2014 12:21 pm | Updated: September 30, 2014 12:33 pm
Indian Prime Minster’s US visit has created much buzz in the national papers. This being the first diplomatic meeting between President Barack Obama and Prime Minister Narendra Modi, international media have been reporting on the visit as well.

Full text: RBI s fourth bi-monthly monetary policy reviewmore »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

WTI  Brent crude oil futures move in opposite directionWTI  Brent crude oil futures move in opposite direction
Prithviraj Chavan lacked coalition mindset: Sharad PawarE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Auto portal CarDekho acquires Gaadi for undisclosed sumE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

HK sees protests lasting for long periodHong Kong expects democracy protests to last for ‘long period’
By Demetri Sevastopulo in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/40ba38de-485b-11e4-b5ad-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

CIC under fire after overseas lossesChinese fund CIC under fire over overseas losses
By Jamil Anderlini in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9f5b10d2-f6eb-11e3-8ed6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Chinas wealth fund shifts to agricultureChina’s sovereign wealth fund shifts focus to agriculture
By Jamil Anderlini in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/64362b08-f61a-11e3-a038-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Want to reduce undue volatility in rupee: RBI GovernorWant to reduce undue volatility in rupee, says Raghuram Rajan
Reuters     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 30, 2014  | 16:13 IST
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan (Source: Reuters)
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is not focussed on any particular level of exchange rate, but wants to reduce undue volatility, Governor Raghuram Rajan said after the policy review on Tuesday.
He added such a policy would mean that the central bank would typically intervene on both sides of the exchange rate.
The rupee has risen in recent months and in the process has maintained its parity with the dollar seen at the beginning of the year, Rajan told reporters in Mumbai.
The rupee has gained 1.89 per cent against the dollar in the month to date and 2.93 percent in the past six months, as per Thomson Reuters data.
(Reuters)

Man kicked to death in row over Japan noodle shop seatMan kicked to death in row over Japan noodle shop seat
Hindustan Times
print
A Japanese man who allegedly kicked a fellow diner to death in a fight over seats in a noodle bar calmly returned to his food as the other man lay dying, media reported Tuesday.
Shinichiro Imanishi, 37, was being questioned in connection with the death of a 49-year-old man whom he allegedly threw to the floor and then stamped on repeatedly, a police spokesman told AFP.
The trouble erupted when Hisao Kitajima pulled a chair which Imanishi was using to rest his foot on, the spokesman said, adding Kitajima died of his injuries two days later.
Imanishi, who weighs 120 kilograms (265 pounds), did nothing to help his victim after the frenzied attack in Tokyo, instead ordering a bowl of noodles, local media said.
Imanishi, who was arrested shortly after the incident, explained to fellow diners that he might as well eat his meal, reportedly saying: "I will go to jail. This will be my last supper."

http://usat.ly/1qQyD57FacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Bank fined for mortgage-processing failures
Michigan-based Flagstar Bank was ordered to pay $37.5 million in consumer relief and fines for violating rules designed to help struggling borrowers' efforts to save their homes from foreclosure, a regulator said.
Post to Facebook
Bank fined for mortgage-processing failures Michigan-based Flagstar Bank was ordered to pay $37.5 million in consumer relief and fines for violating rules designed to help struggling borrowers' efforts to save their homes from foreclosure, a regulator said. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vqaust
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
5
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Bank fined for mortgage-processing failures
Kevin McCoy , USA TODAY 8:51 p.m. EDT September 29, 2014
File photo from 2010 shows a a single-family home in foreclosure in Denver.
(Photo: David Zalubowski, AP)
70 CONNECT 43 TWEET 25 LINKEDIN 5 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Michigan-based Flagstar Bank was ordered to pay $37.5 million in consumer relief and fines Monday in the first enforcement action involving violations of federal regulations designed to help struggling borrowers' efforts to save their homes from foreclosure.
The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau imposed the penalties in a consent order after an investigation showed Flagstar took excessive time to process applications for foreclosure relief, didn't notify borrowers whose applications were incomplete, denied loan modifications to qualified owners and delayed finalizing permanent modifications.
The bank's operating procedures and delays ultimately caused some borrowers to abandon efforts to save their homes. According to the CFPB, one former Flagstar manager recalled borrowers saying: "You know what, my home can just go to foreclosure. I'm not faxing any documentation anymore."
The bank's actions violated CFPB mortgage-servicing rules that took effect in January and affected approximately 6,500 borrowers nationwide whose home loans were serviced by Flagstar. The borrowers will receive $27.5 million in relief, with at least $20 million of that total going to approximately 2,000 victims of foreclosure, the CFPB said.
Bank of America paying $7.65M to U.S. http://t.co/UGcNairvcC
— USA TODAY Money (@USATODAYmoney) September 30, 2014
Flagstar is also required to mount a new outreach effort to assist borrowers who still have their homes, pay a $10 million fine and ensure that the violations don't recur.
"These unlawful practices caused many consumers to lose the homes they'd been trying to save," CFPB Director Richard Cordray said during a phone conference with news reporters. "That is wrong, and it's unacceptable."
Flagstar shares closed up 1.9% at $16.56 on Monday. The bank, which had previously disclosed it was in settlement talks with the CFPB, neither admitted nor denied the allegations.
"This resolution is in the bank's best interest and allows us to continue building a great company that is poised for sustainable, long-term growth and value creation, benefitting our shareholders, customers and the communities we serve," bank CEO Alessandro (Sandro) DiNello said in a statement . "The dedicated employees of Flagstar Bank have completed thousands of successful loan modifications and work incredibly hard to meet and exceed the needs of our customers."
The enforcement action focused on the type of foreclosure problems that exploded from coast to coast following the nation's real estate market collapse and financial crisis. Many relief programs, intended to provide alternatives to foreclosure that help both homeowners and lenders, instead have bogged down amid red tape, delays and other problems.
The CFPB investigation found that from 2011 to the present Flagstar:
Lacked adequate staffing for its loss-mitigation programs. Only 25 employees and a third party-vendor in India were assigned to handle 13,000 applications for mortgage relief.
For a time took as long as nine months to review a single application. One former employee described the bank's loss-mitigation process as "literally me in a cubicle with my giant file drawer just pulling [applications] out one at a time."
Operated a foreclosure-assistance call center where the average wait time was 25 minutes, and nearly half the callers seeking help abandoned the calls.
Amassed more than 1,000 backlogged applications seeking foreclosure help.
The practices violated consumer protections against improper or deceptive practices enacted under the 2010 Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, as well under the consumer agency's new rules, the CFPB said.
The rules required evaluation of  completed loss-mitigation applications within 30 days if the documents are received more than 37 days before a foreclosure sale. But the bank didn't meet the timeline, the CFPB said.
Some of Flagstar's processing delays were so lengthy that application documents expired. To move the backlog, the CFPB said bank staffers closed the applications caused by the expirations.
70 CONNECT 43 TWEET 25 LINKEDIN 5 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1vqaust
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

Global Stocks Mostly Higher After US DeclinesAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Chalein saath saath  is India-US vision statement'Chalein saath saath', US tells India
By Arun Kumar | IANS India Private Limited/Yahoo India News –  Tue 30 Sep, 2014
Print
Washington, Sep 30 (IANS) Once shunned by America, Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi was the guest of honour at a private dinner hosted by US President Barack Obama ahead of their formal summit Tuesday to reset stalled India-US relations.
As Modi, fasting for the Hindu festival of Navratri, sat down with Obama in the Blue Room of the president's house, the White House released a vision statement for the US-India Strategic Partnership: "Chalein saath saath: Forward together we go".
"As leaders of two great democratic nations with diverse traditions and faiths, we share a vision for a partnership in which the United States and India work together, not just for the benefit of both our nations, but for the benefit of the world," it said.
The statement seemed to echo just what Modi had suggested earlier Monday in an address at the Council of Foreign Relations in New York.
India and US should think of what they can do together for the whole world even as they agree to disagree on some issues, he said in response to a question about his comfort level with India-US strategic partnership.
The two nations do not have to be comfortable with all aspects of their partnership as even in a husband and a wife relationship there is "never 100 percent comfort" yet the two are bound in a long-term commitment," Modi quipped.
While the dinner was closed press, White House press secretary Josh Earnest stated that at their bilateral meeting Tuesday, "the two leaders will discuss a range of issues of mutual interest in order to expand and deepen the US-India strategic partnership".
"They will discuss ways to accelerate economic growth, bolster security cooperation, and collaborate in activities that bring long-term benefits to both countries and the world," he said.
"They will also focus on regional issues, including current developments in Afghanistan, Syria and Iraq, where India and the United States can work together with partners toward a positive outcome," Earnest said.
Obama looks forward to working with Modi "to fulfill the promise of the US-India strategic partnership for the benefit of both our citizens and the world", he said.
Earlier, at the White House briefing, when asked about the most important narrative focus of the Obama administration, he said it was hard to identify just one as the two governments interacted on so many issues.
"Whether it's security cooperation or economic cooperation, even agreements related to reducing the causes of climate change, that we're confident that we can advance the ball down the field by working closely
with our counterparts in India," he added.
Since it would be the first meeting between the two leaders, Earnest said: "This will be an important opportunity for them to spend some time talking about the relationship between our two countries."
The US certainly valued its strong relationship with India "and the president wants to make sure that we continue that strong relationship between our two countries", he said.
State Department spokesperson Jen Psaki said discussions with Modi would cover the full range of bilateral issues, such as partnering with India on its economic goals and objectives, including its priorities in infrastructure, manufacturing, and skills.
They will also discuss how US can continue efforts to removing impediments to expanding bilateral trade to $500 billion annually.
Other topics will include India's energy security, including the use of clean energy and clean technology and how the US can partner with Modi on his domestic objectives for India, including his focus on sustainable development for all Indians, sanitation and security and defence.
Vice President Joe Biden and Secretary of State John Kerry, who will participate in the summit will later host a lunch Tuesday at the US State Department with members of Congress, the private sector, and the Indian American diaspora.
(Arun Kumar can be contacted at arun.kumar@ians.in)
Recommend

Coffee boosts Louis Dreyfus profitsCoffee boosts Louis Dreyfus profits
By Neil Hume in Singapore
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9ad494d6-4838-11e4-ac9f-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

46 per cent users in India spend 6 hours or more on Internet daily: Study37
0
New Delhi: Indicating towards the growing importance of Internet in the country, a survey today revealed that 46 per cent of users in India spend 6 hours or more a day actively using the Internet whereas 82 per cent admit to the fear of missing out when not connected.
"In India, not only did 46 per cent of respondents spend 6 hours or more a day actively using the Internet (in comparison to 29 per cent globally), but an alarming 82 per cent of respondents admit to the 'fear of missing out' (FOMO) when not connected (the highest globally)," Tata Communications said in its 'Connected World II' report.
The report captures responses from 9,417 Internet users across six emerging and developed countries - France, Germany, India (2,117), Singapore, the US, and the UK.
About 2.5 billion people are connected to the Internet today, that's a third of the world's population. ( Internet , via Shutterstock)
#internet #computers
The report said more than half of surveyed Indian Internet users (56 per cent) admit they can't survive more than five hours without Internet connectivity.
"Although surveyed Indian men spend more time on the Internet than surveyed Indian women, it is Indian women (21 per cent) who outdo men (16 per cent) in feeling anxious or lost when not connected to the Internet," it said.
The study further discloses that tablets and smartphones are rapidly replacing television as the preferred screen as nearly twice as many surveyed Indians (43 per cent) are willing to give up television for the Internet, compared to Americans (17 per cent) and Europeans (22 per cent) respondents.
"The Internet has truly changed the way we function. As technologies evolve and adapt, there is a huge potential for the Internet to affect different aspects of life, economy and society," Tata Communications' Nextgen Business Chief Marketing Officer and CEO Julie Woods-Moss said.
The impact of the Internet on global economies is phenomenal. About 2.5 billion people are connected to the Internet today, that's a third of the world's population. By 2020, the number of connected devices is expected to rise to 26 billion.
Tata Communications said 61 per cent of Indian respondents believe that 'everyone owns the Internet', compared to 70 per cent globally with 21 per cent rightly pointing out that each individual country owns their Internet when compared to 16 per cent globally.
The study also reveals that Asian respondents appear to be the most 'Internet dependent' with less than half of surveyed Singaporeans and Indians capable of lasting up to 12 hours without Internet access compared to 86 per cent of German, 77 per cent of French, 75 per cent of US and 70 per cent of UK respondents.
Respondents from Asia and those from the USA and Europe are distinctly different in their vision of the most inspirational opportunity that the Internet will deliver in the future.
"32 per cent of surveyed Singaporeans and 27 per cent of surveyed Indians pick smart cities as their preferred choice for what the Internet will enable in the future," it added. Respondents from the UK, France, Germany and the USA, meanwhile, feel that light speed connectivity will be more important.
"The survey results also found that 77 per cent of respondents believe the most beneficial impact of the Internet is its ability to connect people globally with incredible speed," Woods-Moss said.
6

IAS officer Pradeep Sharma of  Gujarat Snoopgate  held for graftSnoopgate fame IAS officer arrested over corruption
Mahesh Langa , Hindustan Times  Ahmedabad, September 30, 2014
First Published: 13:54 IST(30/9/2014) | Last Updated: 02:02 IST(1/10/2014)
Gujarat police arrested suspended bureaucrat Pradeep Sharma – who accused the erstwhile state government with Narendra Modi as the chief minister of snooping on a female architect –over corruption charges on Tuesday.
Suspended IAS officer Pradeep Sharma has been arrested by Gujarat police in a graft case. (AFP Photo)
Sharma’s arrest came a day after the Enforcement Directorate (ED) attached his properties in Gandhinagar.
The suspended IAS officer’s name also figured in the so-called snoopgate tapes released in the run-up to the Lok Sabha polls by two private portals, which had conversations between Amit Shah, the state home minister at the time, and IPS officer GL Singhal regarding surveillance on a woman in Ahmedabad.
The portals said Shah was heard asking Singhal to track movements of the architect, her family members and also Pradeep Sharma, who was the municipal commissioner of Bhavnagar.
Sharma even, unsuccessfully, appealed to the Supreme Court to order that an FIR be registered against Narendra Modi, who was the Gujarat chief minister at the time, and Amit Shah, in connection with the case.
Sharma is accused of causing a loss of Rs. 1.2 crore to the state exchequer by allotting government land to a Kutch-based industrial unit, Welspun, at throwaway prices during his tenure as the area collector in 2003-04.
The ED seized a piece of land in Dehgam village near Gandhinagar and a portion of Sharma’s bungalow in the state capital under prevention of money laundering act. The agency is now probing whether Sharma’s US-based wife received any undue favours from Welspun as quid pro quo.
Sharma, 59, was suspended by the government in 2010 after he was arrested on corruption charges, but was later granted bail. Last month, the Supreme Court rejected his plea seeking a CBI probe in five cases filed against him by the Gujarat government.

http://usat.ly/1uyd8xxFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Another card system hack at Supervalu, Albertsons
Card data of Supervalu and Albertsons shoppers may be at risk in another hack, the two supermarket companies said Monday.
Post to Facebook
Another card system hack at Supervalu, Albertsons Card data of Supervalu and Albertsons shoppers may be at risk in another hack, the two supermarket companies said Monday. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/YII9Ri
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
2
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Another card system hack at Supervalu, Albertsons
AP 7:36 p.m. EDT September 29, 2014
Card data of Supervalu and Albertsons shoppers may be at risk in another hack, the two supermarket companies said Monday.
(Photo: Thinkstock)
81 CONNECT 30 TWEET 19 LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE
NEW YORK — Card data of Supervalu and Albertsons shoppers may be at risk in another hack, the two supermarket companies said Monday.
The companies said that in late August or early September, malicious software was installed on networks that process credit and debit card transactions at some of their stores. Albertsons said the malware may have captured data including account numbers, card expiration dates and the names of cardholders at stores in more than a dozen states. Supervalu said the malware was installed on a network that processes card transactions at several chains, but it believes data was only taken from certain checkout lanes at four Cub Foods stores in Minnesota.
The breach could affect Albertsons stores in California, Idaho, Montana, Nevada, North Dakota, Oregon, Utah, Washington and Wyoming; Acme Markets stores in Delaware, Maryland, New Jersey and Pennsylvania; Jewel-Osco stores in Illinois, Indiana and Iowa; and Shaw's and Star Markets stores in Maine, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island and Vermont. The Boise, Idaho-based company has a total of 1,081 stores.
Supervalu Inc. said it believes the malware was only able to capture card data from some checkout lanes at four Cub Foods locations in Minnesota because it had not finished making security improvements at those stores. The company thinks it has gotten rid of the malware.
The malware was also installed on a network that processes card transactions at Shop 'n Save and Shoppers Food & Pharmacy stores as well as some stand-alone liquor stores, but the company, which has 3,320 stores, thinks the malware did not capture payment card data from any stores except possibly for the four in Minnesota.
Supervalu sold the Albertsons, Acme, Jewel-Osco, Shaw's and Star Market chains to Cerberus Capital Management in 2013, but it still provides information technology services for those stores.
The companies also disclosed a data breach in August. They said the two incidents are separate. Supervalu said that incident may have affected as many as 200 grocery and liquor stores. It said hackers accessed a network that processes Supervalu transactions, with account numbers, expiration dates, card holder names and other information.
That breach occurred between June 22 and July 17, and Supervalu said it immediately began working to secure that portion of its network. The companies said Monday that they are still investigating that incident and don't know if cardholder data was taken.
The latest breach follows big hacks that affected millions of customers at Home Depot, Target and other retailers over the past year.
81 CONNECT 30 TWEET 19 LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Copyright 2014 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/YII9Ri
Looking for a Job?

India s 11 philanthropic billionairesindia s 11 philanthropic billionaires
Had a wonderful meeting with Obama: PMHad a wonderful meeting with Obama: PM
Jayalalithaa s bail plea: HC adjourns hearing to Oct 6Jayalalithaa s bail plea: HC adjourns hearing to Oct 6
Economy set to achieve inflation target: RBI guvE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Markets come off day s highs; TCS down 1.5%Markets come off day's highs; TCS down 1.5%
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 30, 2014 02:24 PM IST
Benchmark shares came off their highs in late trades amid profit booking at higher levels in FMCG and private bank shares.
At 2:20PM, the 30-share Sensex was up 13 points at 26,610 and the 50-share Nifty was up 4 points at 7,963.
RBI Monetary Policy:
RBI after its fourth bi-monthly monetary policy review kept the policy repo rate under the liquidity adjustment facility (LAF) unchanged at 8.% and the cash reserve ratio (CRR) of scheduled banks unchanged at 4% of net demand and time liabilities (NDTL). It has reduced the liquidity provided under the export credit refinance (ECR) facility from 32% of eligible export credit outstanding to 15% with effect from 10 October 2014
Currency:
The rupee rebounded from its day's lows of 61.71 to the US dollar after the RBI policy review before gaining to trade at 61.59. The rupee had closed at Rs 61.53 in the previous session. Meanwhile, the dollar is on track to post its biggest monthly gain in over a year.
Global Markets:
Shares in Japan ended nearly 0.9% lower after weak economic data and a profit warning from Sumitomo Corp dampened sentiment. The Nikkei share average fell 0.8 percent to 16,173.52.
Hang Seng has continued to decline and lost 1.3%  to its lowest in three months because of the civil unrest in Hong Kong.
China's factory sector posted lower than expected HSBC/Markit Manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index(PMI) quoting at 50.2 in September, unchanged from the August reading which was a three-month low. A preliminary reading of 50.5 was expected for the month of September. Shanghai Composite was up 0.3%
Sectors and Stocks:
The BSE Realty, IT, Bankex and FMCG indices were the top losers down 0.4-2% each.
In the IT pack, Infosys and TCS were down 0.2-1.6% each amid profit taking after recent gains.
Private banking majors ICICI Bank and Axis Bank were down 1.1-2% each.
FMCG majors ITC and HUL wer down over 0.5% each as rising consumer inflation is likely to restrict spends and hit volume growth.
HDFC Group shares HDFC Bank and HDFC were the top gainers up 0.7-2% each.
Pharma shares continued to gain with Sun Pharma up 2%, Dr Reddy's Labs up 0.7% and Cipla up 1%.
In the broader market, the BSE Mid-cap index was up 0.2% and Small-cap index was up 0.3%.
Market breadth was marginally positive with 1,394 gainers and 1,335 losers on the BSE.

MCX-SXCCL seek candidates for Managing Director  CEO postMCX-SXCCL seek candidates for Managing Director, CEO post
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Sep 30, 2014 01:26 PM IST
Close on the heels of receiving conditional renewal of recognition from Sebi, MCX-SX Clearing Corporation Ltd today invited applications for the post of Managing Director and CEO.
The capital market watchdog Sebi's nod for the clearing house is subject to various conditions including that a Managing Director and Compliance Officer is appointed "at the earliest".
MCX-SXCCL were among the entities where Jignesh Shah-led FTIL was asked by the regulator to divest stake in the wake of the National Spot Exchange Ltd (NSEL) payment crisis.
According to the clearing house, the candidate applying for the post of Managing Director and CEO should have an MBA degree or be a chartered accountant or a post graduate in economics or commerce.
The individual need to have experience in the fields of capital market, finance or management and possess experience of at least 15 years in related fields, it said.
Besides, the candidate should not be more than 50 years of age as on October 10, 2014.
Renewing the recognition of MCX-SXCCL for one year starting from October 3, Sebi had said the approval is subject to five conditions.
Among them, the clearing house should submit an action plan for achieving net worth requirements and also achieve a minimum net worth of Rs 100 crore within nine months from the date of grant of recognition.
MCX-SXCCL was jointly promoted by MCX Stock Exchange (MCX-SX), Multi-Commodity Exchange of India (MCX) and Financial Technologies (India) Ltd, as per its website.
In the wake of the payment crisis at group firm National Spot Exchange Ltd (NSEL), Sebi in March had ruled that Financial Technologies (India) Ltd was not 'fit and proper' to own stakes in any stock exchange or clearing corporation.

Brussels rebukes Apples Irish tax dealsBrussels criticises Apple’s Irish tax deals
By Alex Barker in Brussels, Vanessa Houlder in London and Tim Bradshaw in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4a13e17e-4878-11e4-ad19-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Banks limit FTSE losses after RBS updateBanks limit FTSE losses after RBS update
By Michael Hunter
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/06329984-4876-11e4-9d04-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

RBS aims to sell 25% more of CitizensRBS aims to sell another 25% stake of Citizens Financial
By Martin Arnold in London and Camilla Hall in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a4d40572-440d-11e4-8abd-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bond investors debate the Gross effectGross exit from Pimco tests bond market
By Tracy Alloway and Michael Mackenzie in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d2f99602-4817-11e4-b5ad-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US can beat Isis by more defence spendingSeptember 30, 2014 10:11 am
America can only beat Isis by spending more on defence
By Martin Feldstein
Misguided policy means our enemies don’t fear us and friends don’t trust us, says Martin Feldstein
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7f687828-47fe-11e4-ac9f-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Merkel should stop Draghis meddlingLast updated: October 1, 2014 2:28 pm
Merkel has a duty to stop Draghi’s illegal fiscal meddling
By Hans-Werner Sinn
The ECB is overstepping its mandate with anti-deflationary measures, writes Hans-Werner Sinn
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/09b1d31c-47c8-11e4-ac9f-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Putin has fought his way into a cornerSeptember 29, 2014 4:37 pm
Putin has fought his way into a corner
By Lilia Shevtsova
Russia’s president is hostage to his own belligerent posture, writes Lilia Shevtsova
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8d0978d6-3a9f-11e4-bd08-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BSE to auction government bonds worth Rs 4 176 cr on Oct 1BSE to auction government bonds worth Rs 4,176 crore today
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 1, 2014  | 12:00 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE), the country's largest bourse, will on Wednesday auction government debt securities worth Rs 4,176 crore for overseas investors .
The auction would be conducted for overseas investors at the ebidXchange platform of the BSE for government debt securities, as per information provided by the bourse.
"...Live bidding session for allocation of debt investment limits for FII (Foreign Institutional Investors)and Sub-accounts shall be conducted on Wednesday, October 1, 2014 on exchange's 'ebidxchange'," BSE said in a circular issued on Tuesday.
The debt auction quotas give overseas investors the right to invest in debt up to the limit purchased.
The auction will begin at 3:30 pm and will close at 5:30 pm. A mock bidding session would be conducted on Tuesday to check the system performance.
In the auction conducted by National Stock Exchange (NSE) earlier this month, government bonds had attracted bids worth Rs 4,963 crore , against such securities valued Rs 3,117 crore on offer.
Foreign investors have invested a net amount of over Rs 1.2 lakh crore in debt market so far in 2014. Equity market has also seen similar trends with overseas fund inflow of over Rs 83,000 crore since the beginning of the year.

Hyundai reaches wage deal with unionHyundai reaches wage deal with union
By Song Jung-a in Seoul 
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0b000586-4877-11e4-ad19-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

RBI Chief Rajan Softens Stance on  Jan Dhan   Says it s a Welcome SchemeManufacturing Growth May Moderate in December Quarter: Industry Body
Mumbai: Softening his stance on the 'Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana', RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan today said he is not worried about the quality of KYC for opening new accounts and welcomed the financial inclusion scheme.
"We welcome the Jan Dhan Yojana, it is part of RBI's plan to get universal access," he told a press conference called for announcing bi-monthly monetary policy.
"I am not as worried about the quality of KYC for small accounts. In fact, we have essentially allowed for KYC that can be upgraded over time and in fact we have been more liberal on KYC," Dr Rajan added.
The RBI governor had earlier cautioned the banks on the risks involved in just hunting for numbers, asking them not to compromise on core objectives of the programme.
"When we roll out the scheme, we have to make sure it does not go off the track. The target is universality, not just speed and numbers," Dr Rajan had said while addressing bankers a fortnight ago.
However, on Tuesay Dr Rajan said he wanted a proper inclusion of unbanked households into the banking system.
"What I am more concerned about is that we actually achieve proper inclusion by bringing in households that were not reached in past... We are working with the government to try and make this dream a possibility," Dr Rajan said.
Jan Dhan Yojana was launched with great fanfare by Prime Minister Narendra Modi in August to bring 7.5 crore more families into the banking network by January 26, 2015.
So far, over 5.1 crore accounts have been opened and Rs 3,600 crore deposited in banks.
Story first published on: September 30, 2014 14:53 (IST)

Portal: A 6-inch Android smartphone that can be strapped to your arm47
1
Washington: A new wearable smartphone that features a flexible 6-inch display and can be wrapped around the lower arm has been invented.
The Android based smartphone, called the Portal, is a phone, smartwatch and fitness tracker in one. The water resistant and shatterproof device features 2GB of RAM and 64GB of storage space.
"The Portal is a smartphone designed for tech enthusiasts, active individuals and on-the-go professionals who are frustrated with bulky, cluttered, non-durable phones that constantly get in the way of their dynamic lifestyles," according to the product description on Indiegogo.
The Android based smartphone, called the Portal, is a phone, smartwatch and fitness tracker in one.
#portal #android #smartphone #flexible phone
The smartphone developers are currently looking for $300,000 in funding on the website, 'Digital Trends' reported. If the project attracts enough funding, the plan is to start mass production next July.
The prototype hardware is button-free, water-resistant and comes with four cameras and a proprietary flexible 3200mAh battery. Wireless charging is another specification mentioned in the product listing.
855

The U.S. militarys new enemy: Ebola. Operation United Assistance is now underway.By J. Freedom du Lac October 13 Follow @jfdulac
At Fort Campbell, Ky., James Knight of U.S. Army Medical Research Institute of Infectious Diseases trains soldiers from the 101st Airborne Division (Air Assault) before their deployment to West Africa. (Harrison McClary/Reuters)
In mid-September, nearly six months into the deadliest Ebola outbreak in history, President Obama formally announced that the U.S. military would lead the fight against the virus in West Africa.
"The reality is, this epidemic is going to get worse before it gets better," Obama said  Sept. 16. "But right now, the world still has an opportunity to save countless lives."
The U.S. military is sending as many as 4,000 service members to West Africa, where they will provide medical, logistical and security support for what the Department of Defense has dubbed Operation United Assistance.
"Stopping the spread of this disease is the core mission here," Gen. David Rodriguez, chief of U.S. Africa Command, said last week .
Gen. David Rodriguez, commander of U.S. Africa Command, said at a Pentagon briefing on Tuesday that the U.S. military effort to combat Ebola in West Africa would take "about a year," but that the timeline would depend on the spread of the virus and the scope of international participation. (AP)
As The Post's Checkpoint blog reported , the bulk of the military’s deployments will come from the Army.
Late last month, in Liberia's capital of Monrovia, U.S. Africa Command's Maj. Gen. Darryl A. Williams told reporters that the U.S. operation "is about urgency and speed," according to Reuters.
Among the first orders of business: building a 25-bed hospital for health-care workers who become infected with the deadly virus while working on the front lines of the Ebola outbreak. The modular hospital, known in military parlance as an expeditionary medical support system ( EMED for short ), is being constructed near the airport outside Monrovia.
Maj. Gen. Darryl Williams speaks to U.S. Navy Seabees on Oct. 9 at the hospital construction site. (John Moore/Getty Images)
Air Force personnel put up tents at the site of the 25-bed modular hospital Oct. 9. (John Moore/Getty Images)
U.S. Air Force personnel set up an air conditioning unit at the hospital site Oct. 8. (John Moore/Getty Images)
A U.S. Air Force airman pauses to re-hydrate Oct. 8 while constructing the modular hospital. (John Moore/Getty Images)
U.S. Air Force airmen disinfect their hands Oct. 8 after a day of work at the hospital construction site. (John Moore/Getty Images)
The U.S. military is also planning to build and supply 17 treatment units across the Ebola-ravaged country, according to Reuters. But, added Williams, the war on Ebola will be led by Liberia.
"The (Armed Forces of Liberia) has a great capability," Williams said. "They are already out there ... and helping us, because they have this knowledge of the local area. So we are not doing anything by ourselves."
Members of the Liberian Army work on an Ebola treatment center in Tubmanburg, Liberia, on Oct. 11. It is the first of 17 centers to be built nationwide with the U.S. military. (John Moore/Getty Images)
A Liberian soldier and his U.S. Marine mentor mark a landing zone Oct. 11 in Tubmanburg, Liberia. (John Moore/Getty Images)
Liberian Army and U.S. Marine engineers take cover from the downdraft of a Marine MS-22 Osprey  on Oct. 11 in Tubmanburg, Liberia. (John Moore/Getty Images)
A U.S. Air Force airman fences a construction site with barbed wire in Monrovia. (Pascal Guyot/AFP/Getty Images)
But according to Voice of America , "local residents had mixed feelings about the military involvement as the first uniformed soldiers arrived here at the end of September."
A man in Liberia reads a newspaper, whose front-page headline Sept. 17 was about the U.S. deployment. (Abbas Dulleh/Associated Press)
"Well, seeing them is like sometimes happiness, sometimes not. I don’t know," Acostel Tmba, a local resident, told Voice of America. "I don’t know their real mission here.
"I overheard that they're here for them to fight the Ebola virus in this nation. So seeing them, sometime we’re pleased for us to see the U.S. Army in this country, for them to help to fight the Ebola virus."
In the United States, troops preparing for the mission have been training to properly put on and remove personal protective equipment for a new kind of war.
"I mean, it's nice that you're not worried about getting shot," Army Spec. Cody Adams, who served in Afghanistan, told public radio station WPLN during training at Fort Campbell, Ky. "But just — the threat is everywhere now."
Ebola, Army Sgt. Anthony Maddox told CBS News , is "just like a hostile combatant on the battlefield, it can kill you. But this one isn't so much ... you can't see it — you know it's there, but you can't see it."
Soldiers from the 101st Airborne Division put on protective suits at Fort Campbell during training before their deployment to West Africa. (Harrison McClary/Reuters)
Another training exercise at Fort Campbell, on Oct. 9. (Stephen Lance/The Courier-Journal via Associated Press)
Sgt. Joel Miick, left, and Spec. Michael Potts don gas masks while training with the rest of the 36th Engineer Brigade at Fort Hood, Tex., on Oct. 9. (Kin Man Hui/San Antonio Express-News via Associated Press)
Soldiers from the U.S. have arrived in the Liberian capital Monrovia to help fight the spread of the deadly Ebola virus. They are building a 25-bed Ebola isolation center for health-care workers infected with the disease. (Reuters)
[This post, originally published Sept. 29, has been updated.]
Read more:

Jayalalithaa fails to get immediate relief in DA caseJayalalithaa fails to get immediate relief in DA case
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 30:  
AIADMK supremo J Jayalalithaa will have to spend at least six days more in jail here as the Karnataka High Court today adjourned to October 6 her pleas seeking immediate bail and challenging her conviction in the disproportionate assets case against her.
As the matter came up before the vacation bench, noted lawyer Ram Jethmalani, counsel for Jayalalithaa, pleaded for suspending the sentence pending appeal under Section 389 of the Criminal Procedure Code and for her release on bail.
Section 389 states that pending any appeal by a convicted person, the Appellate Court may order that the execution of the sentence or order appealed against be suspended. Also, if the person is in confinement, that he or she be released on bail, or on own bond.
G Bhavani Singh, who was Special Public Prosecutor in the Special Court in the disproportionate assets case, told the judge that he had not yet received any official notification appointing him as the SPP for the criminal appeal filed in the High Court.
“I have read a report appearing in a daily about my appointment as the SPP to handle the case, but I haven’t received any official notification appointing me as the SPP,” he said.
“Since I haven’t received the notification, I am not authorised to represent the case,” Singh added.
Singh sought more time, at which point the vacation bench judge Justice Rathnakala posted the matter for hearing on October 6.
(This article was published on September 30, 2014)
Related

ED seals accounts of East Bengal s holding companyE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Govt clears Wipro proposal to set up SEZ in Andhra PradeshGovt clears Wipro proposal to set up SEZ in Andhra Pradesh
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Sep 30, 2014 03:10 PM IST
The government has approved the proposals of Wipro Ltd and Mumbai Futuristic Economic Zone to set up SEZs in Andhra Pradesh and Maharashtra.
The decision regarding this was taken by the Board of Approval (BoA) in its meeting on September 18.
The BoA, headed by Commerce Secretary Rajeev Kher, is a 19-member inter-ministerial body that deals with Special Economic Zones and issues related to them.
Wipro Ltd has proposed to set up IT/ITES zone in Andhra Pradesh on an area of 1.22 hectares.
"The Board noted that the developer is in possession of the land. The Government of Andhra Pradesh has also recommended the proposal. Accordingly, the Board decided to grant formal approval to the proposal of Wipro Ltd," the commerce ministry said.
Mumbai Futuristic Economic Zone has proposed to set up two SEZs - Biotech and IT/ITeS - in Maharashtra.
While the biotech SEZ would come up over 24 hectares, the IT/ITeS zone would be developed on 10.47 hectares.
The Board also approved the change of name of the developer from Mumbai Futuristic Economic Zone Pvt Ltd to Attivo Economic Zone (Mumbai) Pvt Ltd.
Adani Ports and Special Economic Zone Ltd too approached the Commerce Ministry for its multi-product SEZ in Gujarat. But the matter was deferred by the BoA.
"The Board noted that Department of Revenue has sought some more information and requested to defer consideration of the proposal. Therefore, the Board, after deliberations, decided to defer the proposal," it added.
Further, the government has given more time to 13 special economic zone developers, including Navi Mumbai SEZ and Kerala State IT Infrastructure to execute their projects.
According to industry experts, seeking more time for developing projects and surrendering them reflected lack of enthusiasm in the tax-free enclaves due to imposition of minimum alternate tax and dividend distribution tax.
The initial phase of SEZ scheme, launched in 2006, saw developers lining up in big numbers for projects. But after imposition of MAT and DDT, it started loosing sheen.
However, to boost investor confidence in these zones, the government is planning incentives for developers and units.
The incentives are likely to be announced during the new Foreign Trade Policy, expected by October end.
Exports from these zones increased from Rs 22,840 crore in 2005-06 to Rs 4.94 lakh crore in 2013-14.

Reliance Capital to double market cap in 3-4 yrs: AmbaniReliance Capital to double market cap in 3-4 yrs: Ambani
Press Trust of India | Mumbai Sep 30, 2014 02:41 PM IST
Laying out an ambitious growth agenda for Reliance Capital, Anil Ambani today said the company would triple the capital deployed in housing finance activities besides looking to double market capitalisation in next three to four years.
Emphasising that the company is ready for the next phase of growth, Ambani, who is the chairman of Reliance Capital, said it would look at creating new business.
Besides Reliance Capital, which has applied for universal banking licence, would explore all opportunities in the banking space.
Considering opportunity in housing finance space, the company would triple the capital deployed in housing finance and make it engine of growth, Ambani told shareholders at the annual general meeting.
While guidelines are being awaited with regard to a large number of issues in the banking industry, he said the company would evaluate all options.
Reliance Capital believes there would be opportunities to explore in universal banking and payment banking space, he added.
A financial conglomerate, Reliance Capital has interests in asset management and mutual funds, life and general insurance, commercial finance, equities and commodities broking, among others.
Noting that Reliance Capital would aim to double its market capitalisation in three to four years, he also said the company is looking to partner with global companies in health insurance business.
At current share price, Reliance Capital has a market capitalisation of over Rs 11,289 crore.
Ambani noted that plans are on the anvil for having a separate company for health insurance business which is currently at an embryonic stage under Reliance General Insurance.
According to him, hiking the foreign direct investment limit in insurance would provide opportunities to strengthen its partnership in the life insurance space.
Such a move would facilitate possible partnerships with global entities in general insurance and health insurance businesses.
In the three months ended June, Reliance Capital reported an increase of 23 per cent in net profit at Rs 164 crore on the back of growth in general insurance and asset management businesses.
The company's consolidated net profit rose to Rs 164 crore in the quarter ended June 30, 2014, from Rs 133 crore in the year-ago quarter.
Total income also increased by 11 per cent from Rs 1,938 crore to Rs 2,144 crore in the same period for Reliance Capital.

NTPC  Gujarat govt ink pact to swap coalNTPC, Gujarat government ink pact to swap 1 mn tonne coal
BS Reporter | Ahmedabad Sep 30, 2014 08:59 PM IST
National Thermal Power Corporation (NTPC) and Gujarat government run Gujarat State Electricity Corporation Ltd (GSECL) today inked a memorandum of understanding (MoU) to swap one million tonne of coal. The arrangement is likely to help both the companies save Rs 378 crore per one million tonne.
The agreement between NTPC and GSECL has been signed after a proposal for swapping coal was submitted to the Central Government two years back. Recently, the proposal of the Gujarat government was considered and approved by the Narendra Modi-led central government.
It may be mentioned here that GSECL receives domestic coal for its power plants located in Gujarat from Coal India Ltd’s (CIL) mines in Chhattisgarh, which is transported through rail route. On the other hand, NTPC imports coal for its power plants located in Chhattisgarh from Gujarat-based ports. This, according to the state government, results cross country transportation and involves huge transportation cost. In order to bring down the freight cost, a proposal for swapping coal was sent to the Central government two years back.
As per the new arrangement, the imported coal received by NTPC at Gujarat ports will be utilised by GSECL for power generation in Gujarat and the domestic coal of GSECL from Chhattisgarh will be used by NTPC for later’s  power plants in Chhattisgarh.
NTPC will make payment of imported coal and GSECL will make payment for domestic coal to CIL. By swapping of coal both the utilities will be able to transport coal from nearby sources, which will result in saving Rs. 378 crore per million tonne of coal.
“As power generation increases in the country, import of coal is also set to increase. In such a case, states which are closer to ports should use more imported coal than those that are away from ports. We have been requesting the Centre since last five years to allow use of imported coal and instead swap our coal to save freight costs. It is only the new government which has expedited the process,” Saurabh Patel, minister of finance, energy and industries, Government of Gujarat said.
According to Patel, while the initial swapping of coal is for one million tonnes, the MoU has potential for coal swapping to the tune of 2.5 million which can offer benefit of Rs 945 crore to both the entities.  Talking about passing on the benefits to the consumers, Patel said, “The benefit hence accrued from the coal swapping will be passed on to consumers in terms of reduction in fuel surcharge.”
Meanwhile, Patel also stated that Gujarat on Monday, September 29, saw the maximum power consumption of 13700 Mw. “In terms of units, the consumption comes to around 302 million units. What comes as an encouragement is that all sectors including agriculture and industry alike have seen growth in power consumption, thereby exhibiting development on all front. The agriculture sector alone consumed 75 million units,” Patel added.
 

Rajan says future monetary policy to be inflation data-drivenRajan says future monetary policy to be inflation data-driven
Press Trust of India | Mumbai Sep 30, 2014 03:05 PM IST
Inflation is panning out as per the Reserve Bank's expectations and the monetary policy going forward will be dependent purely on data releases, Governor Raghuram Rajan said today.
"We are currently positioned to reach the 6 per cent (inflation target) by 2016...As of now we are reasonably set, our expectation is that we will reach that target.The (future) policy will be data-contingent," Rajan told reporters after announcing the bi-monthly policy review.
Rajan, who chose to hold on to the key rates at the policy review today, said the target of having inflation at 8 per cent by January 2015 is easier than the "harder" task of getting it down to 6 per cent by January 2016.
"We are a little better than we were in August, but there are still risks in achieving the 6 per cent target," Rajan said. The RBI had first talked of the upside risks to the 6 per cent inflation target at the August policy review.
When pointed out to the differences between the monetary policy report, which projects inflation to be at 7 per cent by January 2016, as against the more optimistic picture presented in the policy statement, Rajan conceded to the discrepancies.
"There are some discrepancies between our modelling of inflation, which says it will be 7 per cent and the inflation stance or the policy stance taken by all of us putting our judgement also to work. Our judgement is that given all that we know about what is happening, and some of it is models plus subjectivity, that we can still reach 6 per cent by Janaury 2016 given where we are today," Rajan explained.
Rajan, who has hiked interest rates thrice in the last 13 months that he has been at the helm as the central bank Governor, has been driving policy with a focus on containing price rise. The RBI has a "glide path" for inflation, under which it wants to reduce the price rise.
The consumer price inflation, which is being used more increasingly by the RBI since Rajan took over, eased to 7.8 per cent for August.
Rajan today spoke about many positives on the inflation front, like the low oil prices, stable exchange rates and a tempering in rural wages growth, but also pointed to risks like the evolution of food prices following the deficient monsoons.

Business Unit Manager - France60k to 90k Euro per year
Further information
To open, manage and develop our client’s French operations located in Paris.
Duties & Responsibilities:
You are responsible for our client’s micro loan service:
Establish, analyse and grow our product portfolio in a profitable manner
Organising, supervising and developing customer care and collection functions
Partnership negotiations (such as banks, credit record institutions, collection agencies, law offices, media companies, distribution channel partners such as brokers and affiliates)
Developing, forecasting and reporting the French business
Daily adhoc business functions
 P&L and budget responsibility
Education and work experience:
You have a commercial/business education (BBA/MBA or equivalent), significant work experience in the field of consumer finance, banking or e-commerce on mid/senior management level. Your English is fluent both in spoken and written language.
Skills:
You are convenient with numbers, thorough, innovative, customer service orientated and trustworthy. You are willing to take responsibility for the development of our business. You have excellent skills in the operational aspects of the business as well as the sales & marketing parts. You are not afraid to work independently and face unexpected situations or new challenges. You are able to work under pressure and still remain calm and creative. Your working style is entrepreneurial and with a hands-on approach towards problem solving. We also wish you to be flexible with your working hours if needed, we focus on the result and expect you to do so as well!
We offer:
Interesting challenges and opportunities in a fast growing, international company and a pleasant work environment in our highly dynamic team.
Additional Information what my client is looking for:
Entrepreneur attitude

http://usat.ly/1u8ghCxFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Rieder: A new website totally focused on Ebola
Lara Setrakian, the impresario behind the deeply immersive and critically acclaimed website Syria Deeply, is about to take the same approach to Ebola. On October 15 if not before, Setrakian will launch Ebola
Post to Facebook
Rieder: A new website totally focused on Ebola Lara Setrakian, the impresario behind the deeply immersive and critically acclaimed website Syria Deeply, is about to take the same approach to Ebola. On October 15 if not before, Setrakian will launch Ebola Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vqbn4d
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
3
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Rieder: A new website totally focused on Ebola
Rem Rieder , USA TODAY 4:18 p.m. EDT September 29, 2014
Lara Setrakian.
65 CONNECT 149 TWEET 4 LINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Lara Setrakian, the impresario behind the deeply immersive and critically acclaimed website Syria Deeply , is about to take the same approach to Ebola.
On Oct. 15, if not before, Setrakian will launch Ebola Deeply, which will feature original reporting about the frightening outbreak of the deadly disease and will aggregate the best reporting on the subject from elsewhere.
"We want to make sure that Ebola doesn't disappear when the next big story comes along," she says.
Setrakian, who says she's in talks with several high-profile partners for the initiative, plans to both mimic and build on the approach at Syria Deeply, which has several staffers outside of Syria and more than 20 correspondents inside the war-torn country providing original content. It also provides a one-stop amalgamation of reporting by other news outlets. The Ebola crisis is concentrated in a handful of West African nations, with Liberia, Guinea and Sierra Leone being the hardest hit.
"We want to integrate local voices to tell a bigger story while at the same time unifying (the coverage) that's out there," she says.
All of which is excellent news. Ebola is a complex and important story that needs constant scrutiny. It makes perfect sense as a target for Setrakian's immersive approach.
Setrakian, a former correspondent for ABC News and Bloomberg TV, had planned to take on climate change in her next endeavor, Arctic Deeply. But given the urgency of the Ebola exigency, she decided to shift gears.
Rieder: A laser-focused approach to news
Reporters in the affected countries came to her to express dissatisfaction about how the crisis is being covered, Setrakian says. They noted that many international journalists had left the region — covering such a contagious disease is an extremely dangerous proposition — and they increasingly felt they were on their own. "They needed allies," Setrakian says.  She found that public health officials shared concerns about the coverage.
Ebola Deeply is very much a work in progress, with many details still to be worked out. That's in line with Setrakian's firm embrace of the concept of the lean start-up. "You start with a minimum viable product, then you refine it and build on it," she says.  "It doesn't have to be polished and perfected (at the outset) to be useful to our readers, as long as it's journalistically solid."
Once it's up and running, the site will evolve and grow, with user-generated and interactive components becoming key parts of the mix.
Setrakian, an evangelist for the deep-dive, single-topic approach to journalism, discovered its power when she was covering the 2009 uprising in Iran. Not many people were, and Setrakian, who was based in Dubai at the time, found she soon developed quite a following on Twitter. It made her realize that there was an audience out there tied together not by geography but by intense interest in a subject.
After the Arab Spring erupted, Setrakian felt the media didn't have much staying power when it came to the individual rebellions, and thus was born Syria Deeply. And people took notice.
The day it launched in December 2012, the website Fast Company said hello with this headline : SYRIA DEEPLY OUTSMARTS THE NEWS, REDEFINES CONFLICT COVERAGE."
Medical staff members of the Croix Rouge NGO put on protective suits before collecting the corpse of a victim of Ebola in Monrovia on Sept. 29, 2014.
(Photo: Pascal Guyot, AFP/Getty Images)
Since then, Setrakian has been engaged in a research project on the intense single-topic approach at the Tow Center for Digital Journalism at Columbia University.
And now she's taking the concept into very different terrain.
"We'll see how this works in connection with a public health crisis," she says. "I'm very excited."
65 CONNECT 149 TWEET 4 LINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1vqbn4d
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

Microsoft to set up data centre here; eyes $2 trn cloud mktSep 30, 2014, 05.16 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Microsoft to set up data centre here; eyes $2 trn cloud mkt
The Richmond-headquartered firm said it will set up 3 data centres in three cities in India by the end of 2015.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Microsoft to set up data centre here; eyes $2 trn cloud mkt
The Richmond-headquartered firm said it will set up 3 data centres in three cities in India by the end of 2015.
Post your opinion here
 
Microsoft today said it will offer commercial cloud services from local data centres in India by 2015 as the tech giant gears for competition for the estimated USD 2 trillion domestic market opportunity from rival firms like Google and IBM.
The Richmond-headquartered firm said it will set up 3 data centres in three cities in India by the end of 2015.
"Last year, our cloud business in India grew over 100 percent. Buoyed by that success we have now decided to offer cloud services from local data centres. This will help us make global infrastructure and make that available to local data centres," Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella said here.
It is Nadella's first India visit after assuming the top job at Microsoft.
The company's third CEO, after Bill Gates and Steve Ballmer, added that cloud computing services in India is a USD 2 trillion market opportunity.
When asked about the investment, Nadella said: "I can't give you a specific amount but as we get started you will see the scale. The initial footprint itself will be quite high."
He said a world-class (cloud) infrastructure will help revitalise productivity.
Microsoft said that it will establish 3 data centres in three cities in India to be established by the end of 2015.
Microsoft India chairman Bhaskar Pramanik said: "By offering out cloud services through local data centres, we can help make Digital India a reality. This opens new possibilities in e-governance, financial inclusion, healthcare and education."
Greyhound Research CEO Sanchit Vir Gogia said Microsoft's business is an interesting mix between reach and depth – reach via WindowsOS and depth via Enterprise relationships.
While Microsoft has surely missed the mobility curve, it still remains to be a formidable player in Cloud and Platform arena, he added.
RELATED NEWS

Thailands answer to a grisly double murder is ID wristbands for touristsThailand’s answer to a grisly double murder is ID wristbands for tourists
Written by
Adam Pasick @adampasick
September 30, 2014
Chief of Royal Thai Police Somyot Pumphanmuang (C) and Royal Thai Police advisor Jarumporn Suramanee (L) look at a beach near the spot where bodies of two killed British tourists were found.(Reuters/Chaiwat Subprasom)
SHARE
Adam Pasick @adampasick
September 30, 2014
The grisly killings of two English tourists on the Thai island of Koh Tao remain unsolved after nearly three weeks, and the local police stand accused of bungling the investigation . Yet the response from the country’s tourism ministry seems unlikely to restore traveler confidence: it wants all foreign visitors to wear ID wristbands, and eventually tracking devices.
“When tourists check-in to a hotel they will be given a wristband with a serial number that matches their I.D. and shows the contact details of the resort they are staying in so that if they’re out partying late and, for example, get drunk or lost, they can be easily assisted,” tourism and sports minister Kobkarn Wattanavrangkul told Reuters . “The next step would be some sort of electronic tracking device but this has not yet been discussed in detail.”
It’s unclear how such an elaborate system would ever be implemented, or how it would have saved the lives of Hannah Witheridge, 23, and David Miller, 24, who were found murdered on a beach in Koh Tao. Police have taken more than 200 DNA samples from potential suspects, but are seemingly no closer to solving the case. According to the Bangkok Post , there was not a single police officer stationed on Koh Tao—which has a population of only 1,000 but receives about half a million tourists a year—at the time of the murders.
Party curfews and a “buddy system” to pair tourists with local minders are also being discussed, Kobkarn said. She admitted to Reuters that “some hotels are concerned that tourists may not want to wear the wristbands.” Even without forcing visitors to wear ID bands, Thai tourism is already suffering mightily in the wake of the country’s military coup last year. Foreign arrivals were down 12% in August versus last year.
This isn’t the first time that Thai authorities have scrambled to reassure tourists after a killing: one of Kobkarn’s predecessors said in 2008 that female travelers would be given emergency whistles after a Swedish woman was stabbed to death on a beach in Phuket.
In the current murder case, Thai junta chief Prayuth Chan-ocha drew criticism after suggesting that female tourists could not expect to be safe while wearing bikinis unless they were “not beautiful.” He subsequently apologized .
Share this:

Windows 8 users to get free update for Windows 9Windows 8 users to get free update for Windows 9
Govt clears Wipro proposal to set up SEZ in APGovt clears Wipro proposal to set up SEZ in AP
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 30:  
The government has approved the proposals of Wipro Ltd and Mumbai Futuristic Economic Zone to set up SEZs in Andhra Pradesh and Maharashtra.
The decision regarding this was taken by the Board of Approval (BoA) at its meeting on September 18.
The BoA, headed by Commerce Secretary Rajeev Kher, is a 19-member inter-ministerial body that deals with Special Economic Zones and issues related to them.
Wipro Ltd has proposed to set up IT/ITES zone in Andhra Pradesh on an area of 1.22 hectares.
“The Board noted that the developer is in possession of the land. The Government of Andhra Pradesh has also recommended the proposal. Accordingly, the Board decided to grant formal approval to the proposal of Wipro Ltd,” the commerce ministry said.
Mumbai Futuristic Economic Zone has proposed to set up two SEZs — Biotech and IT/ITeS — in Maharashtra.
While the biotech SEZ would come up over 24 hectares, the IT/ITeS zone would be developed on 10.47 hectares.
The Board also approved the change of name of the developer from Mumbai Futuristic Economic Zone Pvt Ltd to Attivo Economic Zone (Mumbai) Pvt Ltd.
Adani Ports and Special Economic Zone Ltd too approached the Commerce Ministry for its multi—product SEZ in Gujarat.
But the matter was deferred by the BoA.
“The Board noted that Department of Revenue has sought some more information and requested to defer consideration of the proposal. Therefore, the Board, after deliberations, decided to defer the proposal,” it added.
Further, the government has given more time to 13 special economic zone developers, including Navi Mumbai SEZ and Kerala State IT Infrastructure to execute their projects.
According to industry experts, seeking more time for developing projects and surrendering them reflected lack of enthusiasm in the tax-free enclaves due to imposition of minimum alternate tax and dividend distribution tax.
The initial phase of SEZ scheme, launched in 2006, saw developers lining up in big numbers for projects. But after imposition of MAT and DDT, it started losing sheen.
However, to boost investor confidence in these zones, the government is planning incentives for developers and units.
The incentives are likely to be announced during the new Foreign Trade Policy, expected by October end.
Exports from these zones increased from Rs 22,840 crore in 2005-06 to Rs 4.94 lakh crore in 2013-14.
(This article was published on September 30, 2014)
Related

Indian Immunologicals  worlds largest producer of FMD vaccineHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Indian Immunologicals, world’s largest producer of FMD vaccine
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sept 30:  
Indian Immunologicals Ltd (IIL) has emerged the world’s largest manufacturer of Foot and Mouth Disease (FMD) vaccine.
IIL’s new FMD vaccine manufacturing block, which will deliver 360 million doses annually, was inaugurated by T Nanda Kumar, Chairman, National Dairy Development Board, at a function held at its Gachibowli vaccine complex here.
This is one of the most advanced vaccine facilities in India and incorporates features such as full automation with Distributed Control Systems (DCS) and advanced ‘Bio-safety’ environment. It also conforms to stringent regulatory norms required by developed countries.
IIL, a veterinary biologicals company, currently meets the bulk of the vaccine requirement for the FMD control programme in India. It has supplied over a billion doses and is gearing up to meet the surge in demand due to the expansion of the programme in the coming years at a competitive price.
(This article was published on September 30, 2014)
Related

IDFC Alternatives exits India Office FundHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
IDFC Alternatives exits India Office Fund
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 30:  
IDFC Alternatives has exited from the India Office Fund with an internal rate of return of 22 per cent. The fund has sold these assets to real estate funds managed by Blackstone.
IDFC Alternatives had acquired the 1.3-million sq.ft. Galaxy IT Park in December 2011 and the 1.5-million sq.ft. BlueRidge SEZ in March 2013, the company said in a statement.
“We are in the process of identifying new opportunities in the real estate sector to generate superior risk-adjusted returns, and will be approaching the global investor community with a differentiated strategy shortly,” M.K. Sinha, Managing Partner and CEO, IDFC Alternatives, said.
Earlier this year, IDFC Alternatives raised Rs 750 crore ($125 million) from domestic investors for a real estate high-yield debt fund, IDFC Real Estate Yield Fund. The fund targets under-construction residential projects in Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai, Bangalore, Hyderabad and Pune, and currently has made four investments.
(This article was published on September 30, 2014)
Related

Reliance Capital to double market cap in 3-4 yearsReliance Capital to double market cap in 3-4 years
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 30:  
Laying out an ambitious growth agenda for Reliance Capital, Anil Ambani today said the company would triple the capital deployed in housing finance activities besides looking to double market capitalisation in next three to four years.
Emphasising that the company is ready for the next phase of growth, Ambani, who is the chairman of Reliance Capital, said it would look at creating new business.
Besides, Reliance Capital (which has applied for universal banking licence) would explore all opportunities in the banking space.
Considering opportunity in housing finance space, the company would triple the capital deployed in housing finance and make it the engine of growth, Ambani told shareholders at the annual general meeting.
While guidelines are being awaited with regard to a large number of issues in the banking industry, he said the company would evaluate all options.
Reliance Capital believes there would be opportunities to explore in universal banking and payment banking space, he added.
A financial conglomerate, Reliance Capital has interests in asset management and mutual funds, life and general insurance, commercial finance, equities and commodities broking, among others.
Noting that Reliance Capital would aim to double its market capitalisation in three to four years, he also said the company is looking to partner with global companies in health insurance business.
At the current share price, Reliance Capital has a market capitalisation of over Rs 11,289 crore.
Ambani noted that plans are on the anvil for having a separate company for health insurance business which is currently at an embryonic stage under Reliance General Insurance.
According to him, hiking the foreign direct investment limit in insurance would provide opportunities to strengthen its partnership in the life insurance space.
Such a move would facilitate possible partnerships with global entities in general insurance and health insurance businesses.
In the three months ended June, Reliance Capital reported an increase of 23 per cent in net profit at Rs 164 crore on the back of growth in general insurance and asset management businesses.
The company’s consolidated net profit rose to Rs 164 crore in the quarter ended June 30, 2014, from Rs 133 crore in the year-ago quarter.
Total income also increased by 11 per cent from Rs 1,938 crore to Rs 2,144 crore in the same period for Reliance Capital.
(This article was published on September 30, 2014)
Related

Lufthansa cancels 3 flights from India to FrankfurtLufthansa cancels 3 flights from India to Frankfurt
Our Bureau
Reuters
Chennai, Sept 30:  
Lufthansa has cancelled three flights from India to Frankfurt after its pilots called a strike at the airline's main hub today in a dispute over their early retirement scheme.
The airline in a statement said out of the seven flight pairs Lufthansa offers daily from and to India only three have been affected by a cancellation: Delhi-Frankfurt, Mumbai-Frankfurt and Bangalore-Frankfurt.
Passengers affected by the strike were rebooked on other Lufthansa flights via Munich or transferred to other airlines. Passenger service and customer care is our priority and the entire Lufthansa team has been giving assistance to passengers and travel agencies to find travel alternatives and reduce the inconvenience caused by the necessary re-routings, the statement said.
(This article was published on September 30, 2014)
Related

Narendra Modi gifts Gita  Martin Luther King memorabilia to ObamaE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Jailed former Tamil Nadu CM Jayalalithaa s pleas failE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Tweaking wilful defaulter definition to cover directors: Raghuram RajanE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

UN ESCAP sees India s economy to grow at 5.5 per cent in FY15E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

RBI Guv Raghuram Rajan softens stance on Jan Dhan Yojana  says it is a welcome schemeRBI Guv Raghuram Rajan softens stance on Jan Dhan Yojana, says it is a welcome scheme
PTI | Mumbai | Updated:  Sep 30 2014, 15:16  IST
Sep 30 2014, 15:16  IST
 

Unilever COO Harish Manwani to retire after 38 yrs of serviceUnilever COO Harish Manwani to retire after 38 yrs of service
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Sep 30, 2014 03:10 PM IST
Global FMCG giant Unilever's India-born Chief Operating Officer Harish Manwani will retire on December 31, 2014 after 38 years of service in the company.
Manwani - the first ever COO of Unilever - will however, continue as Non-Executive Chairman of Hindustan Unilever Ltd, the Indian arm of the Anglo Dutch firm, a statement said.
Unilever CEO Paul Polman said: "Harish is an inspirational leader and leaves a remarkable legacy. He has been at my side in helping to drive the turnaround of Unilever, making this once again one of the most admired companies in the world".
He added that under Manwani's leadership Unilever saw a step-change in "its go-to-market organisation and there has been a relentless focus on flawless execution globally".
"He has role-modelled the 4G sustainable growth model -- competitive, consistent, profitable and responsible -- which has become such a strong focal point for the markets," Polman added.
On his imminent retirement, Manwani said: "I am deeply grateful to all those colleagues, who have helped to make the last 38 years at HUL and Unilever so memorable and fulfilling. It has been a privilege to serve such a great company...I look forward to working with Paul and the leadership team over the coming months to ensure a smooth transition and to further build our growth agenda."
As Chief Operating Officer of Unilever, Manwani has been credited for establishing and aligning market clusters across the world behind a clear agenda, creating a better and more integrated go-to-market organisation.
"It has also allowed the business to be managed more dynamically, resource allocation to be done more efficiently across markets and best practices to be transferred more seamlessly. This has allowed Unilever to become increasingly more competitive in a tougher business environment," the company's statement added.
Manwani had joined HUL in 1976 as a Management Trainee and was elevated on HUL Board in 1995 as a Director responsible for the Personal Products business.
In 2005, he was elevated to a greater role in Unilever's structure and was appointed as Executive for President, Asia, Africa, Middle East. The role later expanded to include Central and Eastern Europe.
Manwani also became the first Non-Executive Chairman of HUL and has overseen a period of sustained growth with the business more than doubling its size and reinforcing itself as one of India's most admired companies.
He is a member of the Board of Directors of Whirlpool Corporation, Pearson and Qualcomm Incorporated. Apart from that Manwani also serves on the Board of the Indian School of Business and the Economic Development Board (EDB) of Singapore.

Markets end flat; Sensex snaps 7-month rallyMarkets end flat; Sensex snaps 7-month rally
Tulemino Antao | Mumbai Sep 30, 2014 03:53 PM IST
Benchmark shares ended flat shrugging off Reserve Bank of India's neutral stance on key policy rates but the Sensex ended tad lower for September snapping a seven-month rally from February to August.
The 30-share Sensex ended up 33 points at 26,630 and the 50-share Nifty closed 6 points up at 7,965.
RBI Monetary Policy:
RBI after its fourth bi-monthly monetary policy review kept the policy repo rate under the liquidity adjustment facility (LAF) unchanged at 8.% and the cash reserve ratio (CRR) of scheduled banks unchanged at 4% of net demand and time liabilities (NDTL). It has reduced the liquidity provided under the export credit refinance (ECR) facility from 32% of eligible export credit outstanding to 15% with effect from 10 October 2014
Currency:
The rupee remained volatile was trading near its day's lows at 61.71 to the US dollar after the RBI kept key policy rates unchanged. The rupee had closed at Rs 61.53 in the previous session. Meanwhile, the dollar is on track to post its biggest monthly gain in over a year.
Global Markets:
Shares in Japan ended nearly 0.9% lower after weak economic data and a profit warning from Sumitomo Corp dampened sentiment. The benchmark Nikkei ended down 0.8%.
Hang Seng has continued to decline and ended down 1.3% its lowest in three months because of the civil unrest in Hong Kong. Singapore's Straits Times ended down 0.4%.
China's factory sector posted lower than expected HSBC/Markit Manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index(PMI) quoting at 50.2 in September, unchanged from the August reading which was a three-month low. A preliminary reading of 50.5 was expected for the month of September. Shanghai Composite ended up 0.3%.
European shares were trading mixed with CAC and DAX trading with marginal gains while FTSE was trading tad lower.
Sectors and Stocks:
The BSE Metal,Power,Realty, Capital Goods and Bankex indices were the top sectoral losers down 0.5-2.7% each.
In the IT pack, Infosys and TCS ended down 0.1-1% each amid profit taking after recent gains.
Private banking majors ICICI Bank and Axis Bank closed down 2.2% each.
Auto shares were under pressure ahead of the release of September sales numbers from tomorrow. Tata Motors, M&M, Hero Moto Corp ended down 0.8-1.6% each.
HDFC Group shares HDFC Bank and HDFC were the top Sensex gainers up 0.8-2.2% each.
Pharma shares ended higher with Sun Pharma up 2.8%, Dr Reddy's Labs rose 0.7% and Cipla ended 1.6% higher.
Among other shares, tyre makers rallied by up to 10% on hopes of higher margins due to falling rubber prices. Ceat, MRF, J K Tyre, TVS Srichakra, Apollo Tyres, Goodyear India, Falcon Tyres and Dunlop India were among the gainers.
Sterlite Technologies ended 5% higher following the announcement of a Joint-Venture agreement with VISCAS Corporation, a leading Japanese company on September, 29 2014.
Hexaware Technologies rallied 2.4% after huge block deals executed on BSE. About 27.3 million equity shares representing 9.1% of total equity of the mid-sized information technology firm have changed hands in block deal between price of Rs 197 and Rs 199, the BSE data showed.
Bhushan Steel ended in 5% upper circuit at Rs 118 after the company said that  Neeraj Singal, vice chairman and managing director of the company who was in judicial custody haS been released on bail on September 27, 2014.
In the broader market, the BSE Mid-cap index ended up 0.1% and Small-cap index ended flat.
Market breadth ended weak with 1,530 losers and 1,353 gainers on the BSE.

Blackstone buys IDFC Alternatives  two office parks for Rs 900 crBlackstone buys 2 IDFC Alternatives office parks for Rs 900 cr
BS Reporter | Mumbai Oct 01, 2014 12:44 AM IST
US-based private equity giant Blackstone has bought two office parks — the 1.3-million sq ft Galaxy IT Park in Noida and the 1.5-million sq ft BlueRidge SEZ in Pune — from fund manager IDFC Alternatives for Rs 900 crore.
IDFC Alternatives said it had made returns of 22 per cent through the deal. Through the past couple of years, Blackstone has invested about $1 billion (Rs 6,000 crore) in acquiring office projects.
Along with DLF, it is one of the largest office asset owners in India. It is believed the company is doing the groundwork to list its office assets as a real estate investment trust in the country. Recently, Blackstone, along with Pune-based Panchsheel Realty, had acquired Express Towers here for about Rs 900 crore. The company has bought DLF’s Akruti IT Park in Pune and the Asia property portfolio of Merrill Lynch, among other assets.
Earlier this year, IDFC Alternatives raised Rs. 750 crore (US$ 125 million) from domestic investors for a real-estate high yield debt fund, IDFC Real Estate Yield Fund. The fund targets under-construction residential projects in Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai, Bangalore, Hyderabad and Pune and has currently has made four investments.

RBI leaves repo rate unchanged to keep inflation in checkRBI to stay the course in inflation fight
Interest rates left unchanged as RBI says inflation target ‘continues to warrant policy preparedness’
Markets temper expectations on infrastructure sector
In the monetary policy statement, RBI said the future policy stance will be influenced by the central bank’s projections of inflation relative to the medium-term objective of 6%, while being contingent on incoming data. Photo: Abhijit Bhatlekar/Mint
Mumbai: The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) left interest rates unchanged on Tuesday, signalling that it has no intention of moving to a looser monetary policy until it reins in upside risks to the target of lowering consumer price inflation to 6% by January 2016.
The repo rate, at which RBI infuses liquidity into the banking system, remains at 8% and the cash reserve ratio (CRR), the portion of deposits that banks must maintain with the central bank in cash, stays at 4%. The repo rate has remained unchanged since 28 January, when it was raised to 8% from 7.75%.
“This (inflation target of 6%) continues to warrant policy preparedness to contain pressures if the risks materialise. Therefore, the future policy stance will be influenced by the Reserve Bank’s projections of inflation relative to the medium term objective (6% by January 2016), while being contingent on incoming data,” RBI said.
RBI also kept banks’ mandatory bond holding ratio unchanged at 22% of deposits. It reduced the liquidity provided under the export credit refinance facility from 32% of outstanding export credit to 15% with effect from 10 October.
Analysts and investors had expected RBI not to touch interest rates, given latent inflationary pressures in Asia’s third-biggest economy and the central bank’s relentless fight against prices. All 51 economists in a pre-policy survey by Bloomberg had predicted that RBI would leave interest rates unchanged.
Consumer prices rose 7.8% in August, lower than July’s 7.96% but higher than June’s 7.46%.
RBI, under governor Raghuram Rajan , is targeting an inflation rate of 8% based on the Consumer Price Index (CPI) by January 2015, and wants to lower it by two more percentage points one year later.
“Clearly there is a lot more confidence in reaching the 8% target than the 6% target,” Rajan said at a post-policy press conference, adding that the target could be challenging.
“As of now we are reasonably set...but a lot can happen in the world,” Rajan said. “Oil prices, which are low now, can go up or they can go even lower. Every other factor is subject to some uncertainty. The policy will be data-contingent.”
Uncertainties include how food prices behave. Lower crude oil prices, a stable exchange rate and slower growth in rural wages are the silver linings in the anti-inflation fight, according to Rajan.
He acknowledged that RBI’s internal modelling on inflation pointed to a 7% rate by January 2016.
RBI’s policy stance had been largely factored in, and had little impact on financial markets.
The rupee closed down 0.37% to 61.76 per dollar on Tuesday after touching a low of 61.825— a level last seen on 5 March—as traders fretted about a potential rise in US interest rates and Middle East tensions.
BSE’s benchmark Sensex rose 0.13% to close at 26,630.51 points. The yield on the 10-year benchmark bond ended at 8.51%, compared with Monday’s close of 8.49%.
The rupee slumped 2.5% against the dollar from 30 June, prices from local banks compiled by Bloomberg show, making it the biggest quarterly drop for the local unit in a year.
Rajan defended the rupee level, saying the value of the domestic currency had actually strengthened against a basket of multiple currencies.
Economists said Rajan’s determination to pursue his vigil against inflation means that the wait for a rate cut has just got longer.
India Ratings, the local arm of global credit rating agency Fitch Group , said RBI’s monetary policy review indicates that the earliest a rate cut is now possible is in the last quarter of the current fiscal year.
“RBI would rather wait than make the mistake of changing the policy stance before the inflation has been effectively tamed. We believe monetary easing will not be possible before 4QFY15. Also, the balance of risks is still on the upside due to risks from food price shocks and geo-political developments in the middle-east,” India Ratings said.
For rates to come down from its present levels, the government has to step in and tighten fiscally, said Mole Hau , Asia economist at BNP Paribas SA .
“Central to rekindling India’s macro economic performance is a recasting of the policy mix, with sustained fiscal tightening needed to support RBI’s battle to regain inflation control and thereby eventually creating the space for interest rates to fall,” Hau said in a note after the policy was announced.
The government is seeking to contain the fiscal deficit at 4.1% of gross domestic product (GDP) in the current year, down from 4.5% last year.
Hong Kong and Shanghai Banking Corp. Ltd ( HSBC ) also said the government will have to play a “stronger role” for inflation to ease, leading to lower interest rates.
“The RBI has taken a pragmatic approach and has not been swayed by the recent moderation in inflation or the sharp improvement in growth. The ball is now with the government to deliver on structural reforms and revive the investment cycle...that will lift growth and contain inflation,” HSBC economists Frederic Neumann and Prithviraj Srinivas wrote in a note released after the policy review.
India’s GDP grew 5.7% in the quarter ended June, the fastest pace in two-and-a-half years and up from the March quarter level of 4.6%.
RBI retained its estimate of economic growth for 2014-15 at 5.5%, within a range of 5 to 6%.
“The key to a turnaround in the growth path of the economy in the second half of the year is a revival in investment activity—in greenfield as well as brownfield stalled projects—supported by fiscal consolidation, stronger export performance and sustained disinflation,” the policy statement said.
Vishwanath Nair contributed to this story.

Euro slips on ECB stimulus hopesEuro tumbles on ECB easing speculation
Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4a74cd96-484f-11e4-ac9f-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Chavan sanctioned Rs 335 cr for hometown Karad  but nothing to show on groundFormer Maharashtra Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan.
Written by Sandeep A Ashar | New Delhi | Posted: September 30, 2014 4:05 pm
The dirt road in the picture is the approach to the now former Maharashtra chief minister Prithviraj Chavan’s house in his hometown Karad. The condition of several main roads in this western Maharashtra constituency, which has given the state two chief ministers, is even worse.
Development is a work in progress in Chavan’s home constituency as he leads the Congress on its toughest battle yet to retain power in the state. Fighting his first ever state poll from Karad South, Chavan has been highlighting the funds his government has pumped into Karad. Earlier this month, The Indian Express had reported how Chavan had sanctioned development works worth Rs 335 crore to this assembly seat. A large part of these funds was sanctioned in the run-up to the polls.
Even his closest supporters, however, concede that most of the projects they are meant for are either ongoing and yet to begin. Manohar Shinde, a close Chavan supporter, blames the local zilla parishad for the delays. The parishad is run by the NCP.
“There is no development in the constituency. Elected leaders have taken us for a ride,” says Suman Mange, 55, who lives with her family at Karad’s Lalubhai Chawl.
The lack of proper roads, drainage networks, transportation facilities and jobs in this rapidly urbanising constituency contrasts the region’s resources — it is plush with sugar cooperatives controlled by political heavyweights — and political legacy. Maharashtra’s first chief minister Yeshwantrao Chavan hailed from Karad, which is also the hometown of former cabinet minister Yeshwantrao Mohite, another important figure in the state’s politics. Other ministers elected from the region have included Shyam Asthekar, Dadasaheb Jagtap, and seven-time legislator Vilas Patil-Undalkar.
Other western Maharashtra constituencies well represented politically, such as Baramati, Kolhapur and Indapur, have matched that with development. “The development here does not match even an inch of what has been achieved in Kolhapur,” said the Shiv Sena’s Narendra Patil, who is contesting from Karad North.
Indeed, development is at the centre of the campaign agenda for most of Karad South’s candidates. Chavan is being projected as the “ambassador of development”. Undalkar, a Congress rebel, is wooing voters with “development work” he has helped carry out in his 34 years as MLA. The BJP’s Atul Bhosale has been targeting both Chavan and Undalkar for lack of development, while Congress leader D Y Patil’s son Ajeenkya, who has entered the fray as the Shiv Sena, says development is not what it should have been and that he can better it.

New tremors raise concern at Japans Mount OntakeVolcanic gases and ash billow from the peak crater of Mount Ontake in central Japan on Tuesday. (Source: AP photo)
Associated Press | Kiso (japan) | Posted: September 30, 2014 4:04 pm | Updated: September 30, 2014 5:18 pm
Increased seismic activity raised concern Tuesday about the possibility of another eruption at a Japanese volcano where 36 people were killed, forcing rescuers to suspend plans to try to recover at least two dozen bodies still near the summit.
Volcanic tremors rose to a level not seen since Saturday evening, hours after Mount Ontake’s initial large eruption, said Shoji Saito of the Japan Meteorological Agency. The tremor levels were oscillating up and down.
“At this point, anything can happen,” Saito said, though he stopped short of predicting another large eruption.
Increased seismic activity raised concern about the possibility of another eruption. (Source: AP photo)
About 80 to 100 relatives and friends of those who never returned from the summit were waiting for news in a municipal hall in the nearby central Japanese town of Kiso.
Rescuers found five more bodies on Monday, bringing the death toll to 36. They have managed to airlift only 12 bodies off the mountain since the start of the eruption on Saturday because of dangerous conditions.
There were believed to be at least 250 people on the mountain, a popular hiking destination, when it erupted.
How the victims died remains unclear, though experts say it was probably from suffocating ash, falling rocks, toxic gases or some combination of them. Some of the bodies had severe contusions.
 
Dozens of people were killed by volcanic gases and smoke, forcing rescuers to suspend plans to try to recover at least two dozen bodies still near the summit. (Source: AP photo)
Survivors told Japanese media that they were pelted by rocks from the eruption.
Yuji Tsuno, a veteran mountain photographer, was near the summit. After taking pictures of the initial explosion as ash and debris rained down, he quickly took refuge in a nearby hut, he told the TBS TV network.
About 20 minutes later, when the smoke partially subsided, Tsuno rushed out and began his descent. It was a gamble, but he believed it was his only chance, he said.
Japanese Ground Self-Defense Force’s helicopter in Otaki in Nagano, central Japan, on Tuesday. (Source: AP photo)
“I almost thought it was the end of my life,” he said in the interview.
On his way down, he spotted a continued…

Decision on withdrawing from Centre after talking to PM: Uddhav ThackerayUddhav's announcement came after estranged cousin Raj Thackeray criticised Sen for 'sticking to' the Union ministerial berth despite end of alliance.
Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: September 30, 2014 3:41 pm | Updated: September 30, 2014 3:44 pm
Shiv Sena president Uddhav Thackeray on Tuesday said the decision to withdraw from the BJP-led National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government will be taken after discussion with Prime Minister Narendra Modi when he returns from his US trip.
“Joining NDA and then pulling out is not that easy. All MPs who have been elected and those who could not win have bagged votes of both Shiv Sena and BJP . It is the people’s mandate. A decision will be taken after discussions with Prime Minister Modi and considering what our supporters feel,”
Uddhav told reporters after RPI(A) leader Arjun Dangle visited him to offer support in the next month’s Assembly elections.
On Monday, Uddhav had announced that his party’s minister in the Modi government, Anant Geete, will quit the ministry, four days after the BJP snapped ties with the alliance partner of 25 years.
The Sena will leave NDA and Geete will submit resignation after the Prime Minister returns from the US, he had said.
Uddhav’s announcement came after estranged cousin and MNS chief Raj Thackeray criticised the Sena at a poll rally here Sunday for “sticking to” the Union ministerial berth despite end of the alliance with BJP.

RBI relaxes KYC norms for bank account openingBank
(RBI has asked banks to "allow…)
MUMBAI: The Reserve Bank today relaxed 'know your customer' norms by allowing self-certification of documents needed for opening bank accounts.
"With a view to easing difficulties faced by common persons while opening bank accounts and during periodic updating, guidelines on KYC will be further simplified with immediate effect," the central bank said in its monetary policy statement.
RBI has asked banks to "allow self-certification; accept a certified copy of the document by mail/post" for account opening.
Banks have also been asked not to seek fresh documents if an existing KYC compliant customer of a bank desires to open another account in the bank.
For periodic updating of KYC, the RBI told the banks not "insist on physical presence of the customer" and also not seek fresh proof of identity and address in case of no change in status for 'low risk' customers.
The Reserve Bank further said there is a need for banks to complete KYC for all customers including long standing 'low risk' customers.
"Banks should complete documentation, while minimising the effort on the part of the customer to what is strictly needed," it said.
In the event that customers are unable to comply within a reasonable time period, 'partial freezing' may be introduced in respect of KYC non-compliant customers, RBI added.
This means credits would be allowed in such accounts while debits would not be allowed, with an option to the account holder to close the account and take back the money in the account.
FEATURED ARTICLES

OF LAND  AND THE SKIESUpdated: September 30, 2014 15:58 IST
OF LAND, AND THE SKIES
S. Harpal Singh
air transport
Clueless over the fate of their lands, which have been proposed to be acquired for setting up a full-fledged Air Force Station (AFS) here, not many farmers in Kachkanti, Anukunta and Tantoli villages of Adilabad mandal have had good sleep since April this year. They are particularly tensed over the huge disparity in compensation proposed for their productive agricultural lands, and for the unproductive areas that fall under the Khanapur village limits.
The land in question – all 1,592 acres of it – are located in these four villages and is contiguous with the existing aerodrome on the outskirts of Adilabad town. This makes it quite suitable for the Indian Air Force, which is going ahead with the proposal to develop the place as an AFS in the coming years.
As per the compensation estimate proposed by the revenue authorities, the land under Khanapur limits is categorised as urban, and is valued at Rs.12 lakh per acre. However, the ‘rural’ land under Kachkanti and Tantoli is valued at just Rs.70,000 per acre and that under Anukunta limits at Rs.1 lakh per acre.
“In fact, our lands are more productive,” claims Kokkula Surender of Kachkanti village as he makes an effort to expose the irrationality in the proposal. “We depend solely on agriculture for survival, unlike the realtors of Khanapur,” he points out to drive home the point that farmers from the three disadvantaged villages stand to lose much more when compared to owners of land in Khanapur.
Anxious farmers had flocked to the aerodrome to seek clarity on the issue on September 27 when the Chief Administrative Officer, AFS, Begumpet, Wing Commander S. Sriram had come to inspect the area proposed to be acquired. They however, could not do so as their effort was not properly organised.
“We have made representations the matter to revenue authorities in the district. The matter needs to be sorted out before the government moves to acquire our lands,” warns K. Pochanna, also of Kachkanti.
SHAKY TAKE-OFF
*The IAF plans to establish a full-fledged Air Force Station (AFS) at the existing aerodrome
*1,592 acres of land contiguous with the aerodrome is what revenue authorities have proposed to the IAF
*This includes:
-430 acres in Khanapur urban village
-501 acres in Anukunta

Rupee Falls to Near 7-Month Low of 61.77/DollarDollar Hits Seven-Year High vs Yen Ahead of Fed Minutes
The rupee fell to 61.7 on Tuesday, a level last seen on March 5. The rupee/dollar pair, which closed at 61.53/54 on Monday, is now trading at 61.7575.
Traders said fall in the euro to below 1.26 levels on the back of disappointing euro zone inflation data hurt sentiment for the local unit.
The dollar index was up 0.55 per cent to a fresh four-year high.
The RBI kept its key policy repo rate unchanged at 8 per cent on Tuesday. Month-end dollar demand from importers is also hurting the rupee. The Nifty provisionally ended up 0.07 per cent.\
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Tweaking wilful defaulter definition to cover directors:RBISep 30, 2014, 03.54 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Tweaking wilful defaulter definition to cover directors:RBI
According to the current definition, a wilful defaulter is somebody who has essentially not used the fund for the purpose it has been borrowed or when he has not repaid when he can do so; when he has siphoned off the funds or when he disposed of the assets pledged for availing of loan without the bank's knowledge.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Tweaking wilful defaulter definition to cover directors:RBI
According to the current definition, a wilful defaulter is somebody who has essentially not used the fund for the purpose it has been borrowed or when he has not repaid when he can do so; when he has siphoned off the funds or when he disposed of the assets pledged for availing of loan without the bank's knowledge.
Post your opinion here
 
Governor Raghuram Rajan today said the Reserve Bank is in the process of redefining the definition of "wilful defaulters" so as to bring the directors of defaulting companies under its ambit.
"The (Calcutta High) Court had some questions about whether all directors could be declared wilful defaulters and we have looked at that. "We are in the process of modifying the definition so that the directors, if seen, as culpable in actively participating or being grossly negligent of wilful default," Rajan said at the customary post-policy interactions with the media.
Also read: Rajan won't budge on rate soon, get used to it: Economists
According to the current definition, a wilful defaulter is somebody who has essentially not used the fund for the purpose it has been borrowed or when he has not repaid when he can do so; when he has siphoned off the funds or when he disposed of the assets pledged for availing of loan without the bank's knowledge.
Recently,  United Bank of India declared  Kingfisher Airlines as well as some three of its directors as wilful defaulters. The decision of the single bench, that accepted the bank's position, was later stayed by a division of the Calcutta High Court last weekend.
Talking about the norms for non-cooperative defaulters, Rajan said the guidelines have been formulated to tackle those borrowers who resist repaying at every corner and hold up the entire repayment process.
He said in such cases, the recourse to legal remedy, allowable by the laws from a prudential perspective, imposes a cost to the system because banks cannot get their money using the existing laws such as the Sarfesi Act.
"Therefore, in those situations where there is a deliberate attempt to delay the process of recovery after due process is being followed, can we find a way of declaring these borrowers as non-cooperatives?," Rajan said.
On the rising NPAs levels in the system, Rajan said the central bank is following the issue very closely and banks have been asked to take timely action to deal with the matter. In the banking system, NPAs rose to 4.1 percent as of the June quarter, while the total stressed assets including the recast loans rose close to 11 percent. 
RELATED NEWS

Panel to formulate policy on coal rejects to meet next weekSep 30, 2014, 03.23 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Panel to formulate policy on coal rejects to meet next week
The government is mulling framing a policy on coal rejects amid country's more than half of power plants facing critical fuel shortages.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Panel to formulate policy on coal rejects to meet next week
The government is mulling framing a policy on coal rejects amid country's more than half of power plants facing critical fuel shortages.
Post your opinion here
 
The Inter-Ministerial Committee (IMC), set up to formulate a policy on coal rejects from washeries, is likely to meet next week.
"The meeting of the IMC to formulate a policy on coal rejects allocation for washery rejects based power plants will be held on October 8," according to an official document.
"Representatives of the ministries/department concerned are requested to make it convenient to attend the meeting," it added.
The government is mulling framing a policy on coal rejects amid country's more than half of power plants facing critical fuel shortages.
The inter-ministerial committee, under the Chairmanship of Additional Secretary, Coal, had met for the first time last year in this regard.
The committee which has representatives from various ministries, including power, will "assess the actual rejects generated from Coal India  (CIL) washeries and formulate suitable guidelines for supply of rejects on long-term basis from CIL washeries".
Coal quality is enhanced by washing. "In accordance with the decision taken at the meeting of the Standing Linkage Committee (Long Term) for power...it has been decided to formulate a policy for allocation of coal/washery rejects generation by CIL for washery rejects based power plants," the Coal Ministry document had earlier said.
The development comes in the backdrop of the Central Electricity Authority (CEA) data stating that 53 thermal power stations across the country have critical coal stock of less
than a week.

India s economy to grow at 5.5% in FY15: UN ESCAPSep 30, 2014, 03.12 PM IST  | Source: PTI
India's economy to grow at 5.5% in FY15: UN ESCAP
The Indian economy had registered a growth of 4.9 percent in fiscal year ending 2014, up from 4.5 percent in the previous fiscal, but far below the 9.5 percent pace three years before the global financial crisis of 2008.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
India's economy to grow at 5.5% in FY15: UN ESCAP
The Indian economy had registered a growth of 4.9 percent in fiscal year ending 2014, up from 4.5 percent in the previous fiscal, but far below the 9.5 percent pace three years before the global financial crisis of 2008.
Post your opinion here
 
United Nations Economic and Social Commission for the Asia and the Pacific (UN ESCAP) expects a stronger growth momentum of 5.5 percent for India in 2014-15 on account of economic expansion, likely uptick in exports and a stable government at the Centre.
The Indian economy had registered a growth of 4.9 percent in fiscal year ending 2014, up from 4.5 percent in the previous fiscal, but far below the 9.5 percent pace three years before the global financial crisis of 2008.
"The economy is expected to enjoy stronger growth momentum of 5.5 percent in the fiscal year 2014, underpinned by solid expansion in the industrial and services sectors. Higher growth in the developed countries and the weaker local currency would support exports," said the UN ESCAP report on Economic and Social Survey of Asia and the Pacific-2014 released here today.
The formation of a new government in May also provides impetus to economic reforms, said the report. However, it expects the inflation to remain at an elevated level of 8 percent for the year. "India's growth would be better than 5.5 percent in 2014-15. I think 5.5-6 percent would be the rate of growth the Indian economy can deliver this year. The new government has the focus on economic growth and is engaging with investors," said Nagesh Kumar, Head, ESCAP South and South-West Asia.
However, he said inflation has been a big concern and it has been a big factor constraining growth of India. But, it has shown signs of moderation. This year the inflation is expected to be at 8 percent, Kumar said. "High food inflation hit the poor harder, as they spend proportionally more on food purchases, especially cereals and vegetables. Food items account for close to half of the consumer price index in India," the report said.
On Asia Pacific, the report said developing countries in the region are forecast to grow at an average of 5.8 percent in 2014, up from 5.6 percent last year. "Current challenge is how to rebalance. But, India is at the advantage because of bullish domestic demand. India can grow robustly. India has the luxury of supply and demand abundance," said Alok Sheel, Secretary, Economic Advisory Council to the Prime Minister.
RELATED NEWS

Golden Triangle zone a litmus test for parties in Maharashtra pollsSep 30, 2014 at 03:52pm IST
Golden Triangle zone a litmus test for parties in Maharashtra polls
3
0
Mumbai: As Maharashtra goes to polls in October, the key stakeholders in the multi-cornered Assembly election would be eyeing a strong performance in the Golden Triangle zone of the state, which may come to have a crucial bearing on who forms the government there.
The Golden Triangle, which comprises Mumbai and its metropolitan region along with Pune and Nashik, is known as such because of the economic prosperity which it enjoys.
Spread across five districts and 14 parliamentary constituencies and covering three major cities and satellite townships and with the highest concentration of 77 Assembly seats, the Golden Triangle region is one of the most developed and urbanized areas in the state as well as the country.
Mumbai and its suburbs have 36 seats which were dominated by Congress in the last Assembly polls as it clinched 18 of these with NCP managing two seats.
#maharashtra #maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #assembly elections 2014 #elections
Almost 90 per cent of the Assembly seats are highly urbanized and 63 of these lie in Mumbai and its metropolitan region.
The triangle is strategically located, stretching from Mumbai and its Metropolitan Region, which falls in the Konkan belt, to Nashik in northern Maharashtra and from there to Pune and its metropolitan region in the western part of the state.
While Mumbai is the business capital of the country, Pune is a fast-growing Metro, thanks to its booming IT sector. Nashik is one of the most rapidly growing cities in the state and enjoys good connectivity with both Mumbai and Pune.
In the 2009 Assembly elections, the Congress-NCP alliance won 33 of the 77 seats within the Golden Triangle while the BJP-Sena combine emerged on top in 24 segments. Congress won 23 seats followed by Shiv Sena with 13. NCP, the then junior alliance partner of UPA, won 10 seats in the region while BJP and Maharashtra Navnirman Sena bagged 11 segments.
But with a five-cornered contest on the cards this time around, it will be an uphill task for both Congress and Shiv Sena to maintain their positions.
Mumbai and its suburbs have 36 seats which were dominated by Congress in the last Assembly polls as it clinched 18 of these with NCP managing two seats.
The Maharashtra Navnirman Sena won six seats in the city followed by BJP with 5.
0

Excited NRIs stand outside Blair House to catch PM Modi s glimpseIdol Chat: In conversation with Emraan Hashmi
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Haryana Election Commission leaves no stone unturned to ensure maximum votingSep 30, 2014 at 03:35pm IST
Haryana Election Commission leaves no stone unturned to ensure maximum voting
2
0
New Delhi: The Election Commission is working in full swing in poll-bound Haryana to ensure free and fair polling on October 15. Although the Lok Sabha election witnessed an increase in the polling percentage across the country, the Commission is not leaving any stone unturned to ensure that maximum number of people exercise their franchise to elect the 90-member Assembly.
"The Commission is running various voter awareness campaigns and has also deployed vans for the same. Vans go in all 21 districts of the state and have banners placed on it to spread awareness. There is a voter machine too in the van to teach people how to vote," said Shrikant Walgad, Chief Electoral Officer of Haryana.
He said that the banners are being put in districts while the Public Relations Department has also hired artist and placed flex material for the same in Gurgaon.
Nearly 1.61 crore people will use their right to vote and nearly 74 lakh of them are women.
#haryana assembly elections 2014 #haryana #election commission #shrikant walgad
On the question of spreading awareness in rural areas, Walgad said, "In interior areas, committees are being formed for it. All India Radio bulletin is also being used for the purpose. Bulk SMSes to nearly 34 lakh people are being sent to encourage voting."
Nearly 1.61 crore people will use their right to vote and nearly 74 lakh of them are women. To encourage women to vote as they will also play a key role in the government formation in Haryana, he added, "Anganwadis and various women organisations are being roped in to increase the polling percentage of women."
16,375 polling booths will be set up out of which approximately 3,000 have been declared sensitive, he said adding that 80 columns of paramilitary forces have been deployed in the state.
2

Madhya Pradesh could soon be country s ideal state: Piyush Goyal16
0
Bhopal: Madhya Pradesh could emerge as an ideal state because of its growth in sectors like energy, agriculture and IT, Union Minister Piyush Goyal said on Tuesday.
"The way Madhya Pradesh under the leadership of Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan is progressing in the field of energy, agriculture, tourism and IT among others, I can say that it will soon emerge as an ideal state in the country," Goyal said.
He was addressing a function on the occasion of raising minimum pension to Rs 1,000 under EPF pension scheme with effect from September 1.
"The development is more remarkable in a way that everybody knows the kind of Madhya Pradesh the BJP inherited from Congress," Goyal said.
#madhya pradesh #piyush goyal #energy #agriculture
"This is my first visit to the state capital and I found the city very clean. Right from the airport to the venue, I found no garbage dump in the city and I think it is one of the cleanest cities in the nation," Goyal said.
"The development is more remarkable in a way that everybody knows the kind of Madhya Pradesh the BJP inherited from Congress," he said.
The state is providing round-the-clock power to the people and organising investors meet to generate employment. All these things will put Madhya Pradesh ahead in the country, said the Union Power, Coal and New and Renewable Energy minister.
Informing about the EPF's minimum pension scheme, he said it was yet another idea of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's 100-day-old government aimed at benefitting over one lakh families in Madhya Pradesh alone.
He also praised Union Minister for Labour and Steel Narendra Singh Tomar for launching the scheme within 100 days of coming to power.
Addressing the function, Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan, while highlighting the state's development in various spheres specially agriculture, said Madhya Pradesh is the first state in the country to achieve 24.99 per cent growth rate in agriculture.
On the lines of "Make in India" campaign, the state would also launch "Make in Madhya Pradesh" brand to promote the state and generate employment, Chouhan said.
2

Apple iPhone 6  iPhone 6 Plus to go on sale in China from October 17Sep 30, 2014 at 03:47pm IST
Apple iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus to go on sale in China from October 17
5
0
Beijing: The iPhone 6 will be sold in China from Oct 17, after rigorous regulator scrutiny led to Apple reassuring the Chinese government that the smartphones did not have security "backdoors" through which US agencies can access users' data.
Apple won approval to sell the phones after also addressing risks of personal information leaks related to the operating system's diagnostic tools, China's Ministry of Industry and Information Technology (MIIT) said on its website on Tuesday.
The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus were released on September 19 in the United States and elsewhere, but regulatory delay meant Chinese consumers had to wait. The initial lack of a China launch date caught analysts by surprise because of Apple's repeated comments about the importance of the world's biggest smartphone market.
The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus were released on September 19 in the US and elsewhere, but regulatory delay meant Chinese consumers had to wait.
#apple #iphone 6 #iphone 6 plus #china
Apple and other American technology companies have been subject to greater scrutiny in China after former US National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden last year revealed spying and surveillance campaigns, including programmes that obtained private data through US technology firms.
In July, Chinese state media accused Apple of providing user data to US agencies and called for 'severe punishment'. Apple responded by publicly denying the existence of backdoors.
The notice of approval for the iPhone 6 could potentially mark the ministry's first for a specific smartphone, suggesting Apple is subject to more scrutiny than its peers in a year in which the US tech giant will release a new phone on all three of China's major mobile networks for the first time.
Backdoors
The MIIT said it conducted "rigorous security testing" on the iPhone 6 and held talks with Apple on the issue, and that Apple shared with the ministry materials related to the potential security issues.
One of the concerns the MIIT raised was over a third party's ability to take control of a computer that had been given trusted access to the phone by a user. They also queried Apple on the ability of staff repairing iPhones to access user data through background services.
Apple told the MIIT it had adopted new security measures in its latest smartphone operating system, iOS 8, and promised that it had never installed backdoors into its products or services to allow access for any government agency in any country, the MIIT said.
Apple earlier this month was hiring a head of law enforcement in Beijing to deal with user data requests from China's government, after it last month began storing private data on Chinese soil for the first time.
1.27 billion subscribers
With regulatory approval from the world's largest smartphone market, analysts expect the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus to sell well in China, where many people prefer phones with larger screens.
The phone will be made available on all three of China's state-owned wireless carriers: China Mobile Ltd, China Unicom Hong Kong Ltd and China Telecom Corp Ltd. Together, the three had more than 1.27 billion mobile subscribers in August.
"iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus customers will have access to high-speed mobile networks from China Mobile, China Telecom and China Unicom," Apple Chief Executive Tim Cook said in a press release on Tuesday.
The iPhone 6 will be available in gold, silver and grey with a suggested retail price of 5,288 yuan ($860.16) for the cheapest model with 16GB of storage. The iPhone 6 Plus, in the same colours, will be 6,088 yuan ($990.29) for the cheapest model, also with 16GB of storage. The most expensive iPhone 6 Plus with 128GB storage will be 7,788 yuan ($1,266.82).
The phones will also be available online and by reservation from Apple stores.
Apple sold a record 10 million iPhone 6 handsets in the first weekend after their launch, which excluded China. Last year, the U.S. tech firm sold 9 million iPhone 5S and 5C models in 11 countries, including China, in the same period.
The Cupertino, California-based company said iPhone sales in China grew 50 percent during in April-June from a year earlier, effectively salvaging an otherwise lacklustre quarter. The strong sales came despite signs that Chinese consumers were waiting for the next-generation iPhone 6, analysts said.
1

3rd company looks to expand gas pipeline in Maine... 
September 30, 2014 06:48 AM EST | Associated Press
AUGUSTA, Maine (AP) — Another major energy company has made a proposal to the Maine Public Utilities Commission to expand natural gas pipeline capacity in the state.
Houston-based Spectra Energy Corp. filed a plan Monday in which the state could contract to secure specific supplies of lower-cost natural gas on two proposed projects.
The Portland Press Herald (http://bit.ly/1xwtdVC ) reports that Spectra's filing follows a similar action by Kinder Morgan Energy Partners, owners of the Tennessee Gas Pipeline Co.
An earlier proposal was submitted by the Portland Natural Gas Transmission System.
The commission is in the midst of deciding whether Maine ratepayers should spend up to $75 million annually to secure up to 200 million cubic feet of natural gas. The added capacity would help relieve bottlenecks in New England's undersized pipeline system in the winter.
___
Information from: Portland Press Herald, http://www.pressherald.com

Expansion planned at Ohio Airstream plant... 
September 30, 2014 06:25 AM EST | Associated Press
JACKSON CENTER, Ohio (AP) — The company that makes the iconic silver Airstream travel-trailers at a western Ohio factory is announcing a $5.9 million expansion.
The Dayton Daily News (http://bit.ly/YFXjXF ) reports that Thor Industries announced the expansion on Monday for its Airstream subsidiary in Jackson Center, about 55 miles north of Dayton.
The project will increase the facility's production and office capacity by 70 percent. The company did not say how many jobs will be added.
Airstream president Bob Wheeler says the expansion is necessary because of strong growth in the market and positive outlook for the future. The plant, which has been building Airstream trailers since 1952, reached capacity this year.
The addition is expected to be completed by May.
___
Information from: Dayton Daily News, http://www.daytondailynews.com

Nature center defends $5 000 gift from Monsanto... 
September 30, 2014 06:24 AM EST | Associated Press
MYSTIC, Conn. (AP) — A $5,000 donation from seed giant Monsanto Co. to a nature center in Mystic has drawn criticism from activists who oppose genetically modified food.
The Day of New London reports (http://bit.ly/1nDXzm2 ) that Bob Burns, an organic farmer who leads a New London effort against genetically-modified organisms, says he's suspicious of why Monsanto is donating money.
Activists worry that Monsanto is using the nature center to improve its image on environmental issues.
Maggie Jones, the nature center's executive director, says the money was donated without conditions and will help fund an educational program for first-graders about bees, butterflies and bats.
Harry White, a volunteer fundraiser for the nature center, says it needs to reach a broader audience and find more funding sources. He says the Monsanto donation is a small fraction of annual funding.
___
Information from: The Day, http://www.theday.com

Viagra ads target women for 1st time...and
versions
TRENTON, N.J. (AP) — The maker of the world's top-selling erectile dysfunction drug on Tuesday will begin airing the first Viagra TV commercial that targets the less-obvious sufferers of the sexual condition: women.
In the new 60-second ad, a middle-aged woman reclining on a bed in a tropical setting addresses the problems couples encounter when a man is impotent.
"So guys, it's just you and your honey. The setting is perfect. But then erectile dysfunction happens again," she says before encouraging men to ask their doctor about Viagra. "Plenty of guys have this issue — not just getting an erection, but keeping it."
Having a woman speak directly to men about impotence is a unique strategy for Pfizer Inc. The world's second-biggest drugmaker is looking for ways to boost sales of Viagra, Pfizer's No. 6 seller, at a time when it is encountering new competition.
Viagra has faced competition from cheaper generic versions in Europe since its patent expired there 15 months ago. Sales fell 8 percent last year, to $1.9 billion. And in three years, Viagra will get generic competition in the U.S., where it costs about $35 a pill. Meanwhile, new competitor Stendra just got approved.
Patents give a drug a monopoly, generally for 20 years. But when those patents expire, cheaper generic versions flood the market, often wiping out most of the brand-name drug's sales within a year.
Pfizer has seen generic competition for several of its other drugs cut revenue by billions, so it is hoping to stem the revenue losses for Viagra.
The market for ED drugs is big. About half of men over 40 suffer from ED, occasionally or always, yet only 10 percent take medicine regularly, said Dr. Irwin Goldstein, who directs the San Diego Sexual Medicine center and has researched sexual disorders for decades.
Having a woman in ads makes sense because women often are more upset by ED than their man, he said. They often lose interest in sex and even find it painful, said Goldstein, who has done patient testing of multiple ED pills and received consulting fees from their makers.
He said men generally dislike going to doctors, and when older ones do, they often linger as the doctor finishes, shifting from one foot to the other in what doctors call "the Viagra shuffle." Doctors then ask if the man wants Viagra, he said.
Executives at New York-based Pfizer hope the new ad campaign, which includes print ads in publications such as Esquire and Time, will nudge women to broach the subject with their mates. In the ad, the actress also uses the word "erection," instead of the industry euphemism, "ED."
Pfizer's marketing chief, Vic Clavelli, told The Associated Press that the company is trying to take a more direct approach in ads, unlike past ones "built around very subtle innuendo."
Until now, women have been absent or played background roles in the many ads for ED drugs since the first, Viagra, was launched in 1998. Viagra gave men an alternative to penile suppositories, surgery and injections, and 50 million worldwide have since taken it.
Ads for rival Cialis have featured couples getting frisky during everyday activities, then lounging in his-and-hers bathtubs. Viagra ads typically show middle-aged men doing things such as construction work and deep-sea fishing.
"It's definitely a unique strategy that could work," said Edward Jones health care analyst Ashtyn Evans. "The more people they can get loyal to their brand, the better."
But some question whether the ad, which is slated to appear on shows including "CSI," ''Blue Bloods" and "48 Hours," will build loyalty.
"I'm not sure it will result in more sales," said Les Funtleyder, health care portfolio manager at Esquared Asset Management.
___
___
Follow Linda A. Johnson at www.twitter.com/LindaJ_onPharma

How American parenting is killing the American marriagein the name of the child
How American parenting is killing the American marriage
Written by
Danielle Teller Physician and researcher & Astro Teller Head of Google X
September 30, 2014
It's hard not to worship them. (Reuters/Michaela Rehle)
SHARE
Danielle Teller Physician and researcher & Astro Teller Head of Google X
September 30, 2014
Sometime between when we were children and when we had children of our own, parenthood became a religion in America. As with many religions, complete unthinking devotion is required from its practitioners. Nothing in life is allowed to be more important than our children, and we must never speak a disloyal word about our relationships with our offspring. Children always come first. We accept this premise so reflexively today that we forget that it was not always so.
In our recently published book, Sacred Cows , we took on our society’s nonsensical but deeply ingrained beliefs surrounding marriage and divorce. We often get asked whether we will next address the sacred cows of modern parenting, at which point we ask the speaker to please lower his voice, and we look nervously over our shoulders to make sure that nobody has overheard the question.
To understand the frightening power of the parenthood religion, one need look no further than the 2005 essay in The New York Times by Ayelet Waldman, where the author explained that she loved her husband more than her four children. On “Oprah Where Are They Now,” the author recently reaffirmed the sentiments reflected in her New York Times article, and she added that her outlook has had a positive impact on her children by giving them a sense of security in their parents’ relationship . Following the publication of her essay, Waldman was not only shouted down by America for being a bad mother; strangers threatened her physically and told her that they would report her to child protective services. This is not how a civil society conducts open-minded discourse. This is how a religion persecutes a heretic.
The origins of the parenthood religion are obscure, but one of its first manifestations may have been the “baby on board” placards that became popular in the mid-1980s . Nobody would have placed such a sign on a car if it were not already understood by society that the life of a human achieves its peak value at birth and declines thereafter. A toddler is almost as precious as a baby, but a teenager less so, and by the time that baby turns fifty, it seems that nobody cares much anymore if someone crashes into her car. You don’t see a lot of vehicles with placards that read, “Middle-aged accountant on board.”
Read: You probably don’t know the real story behind Baby on Board signs
Another sign of the parenthood religion is that it has become totally unacceptable in our culture to say anything bad about our children, let alone admit that we don’t like them all of the time. We are allowed to say bad things about our spouses, our parents, our aunts and uncles, but try saying, “My kid doesn’t have a lot of friends because she’s not a super likable person,” and see how fast you get dropped from the PTA.
When people choose to have children, they play a lottery. Children have the same range of positive and negative characteristics as adults, and the personalities of some children are poorly matched with those of their parents. Nature has protected children against such a circumstance by endowing them with irresistible cuteness early on, and by ensuring that parents bond with children sufficiently strongly that our cave-dwelling ancestors didn’t push their offspring out in a snowbank when they misbehaved. Much as parents love their children and have their best interests at heart, however, they don’t always like them. That guy at the office who everyone thinks is a jerk was a kid once upon a time, and there’s a pretty good chance that his parents also noticed that he could be a jerk. They just weren’t allowed to say so.
Of course, Ayelet Waldman’s blasphemy was not admitting that her kids were less than completely wonderful, only that she loved her husband more than them. This falls into the category of thou-shalt-have-no-other-gods-before-me. As with many religious crimes, judgment is not applied evenly across the sexes. Mothers must devote themselves to their children above anyone or anything else, but many wives would be offended if their husbands said, “You’re pretty great, but my love for you will never hold a candle to the love I have for John Junior.”
Mothers are also holy in a way that fathers are not expected to be. Mothers live in a clean, cheerful world filled with primary colors and children’s songs, and they don’t think about sex. A father could admit to desiring his wife without seeming like a distracted parent, but society is not as willing to cut Ms. Waldman that same slack. It is unseemly for a mother to enjoy pleasures that don’t involve her children.
There are doubtless benefits that come from elevating parenthood to the status of a religion, but there are obvious pitfalls as well. Parents who do not feel free to express their feelings honestly are less likely to resolve problems at home. Children who are raised to believe that they are the center of the universe have a tough time when their special status erodes as they approach adulthood. Most troubling of all, couples who live entirely child-centric lives can lose touch with one another to the point where they have nothing left to say to one another when the kids leave home.
In the 21st century, most Americans marry for love. We choose partners who we hope will be our soulmates for life. When children come along, we believe that we can press pause on the soulmate narrative, because parenthood has become our new priority and religion. We raise our children as best we can, and we know that we have succeeded if they leave us, going out into the world to find partners and have children of their own. Once our gods have left us, we try to pick up the pieces of our long neglected marriages and find new purpose. Is it surprising that divorce rates are rising fastest for new empty nesters ? Perhaps it is time that we gave the parenthood religion a second thought.
We welcome your comments at ideas@qz.com . You can follow us on Facebook here .

Indias Mint and The Wall Street Journal end their seven-year partnership with a hint of acrimonyWSJ once explored buying a stake in Mint.(AP Photo/Gurinder Osan)
SHARE
Saptarishi Dutta @saptarishidutta
September 30, 2014
The Wall Street Journal and HT Media’s business newspaper Mint have ended their seven-year-old partnership effective today. Both organisations said in internal memos that it would have no impact on their respective operations.
Mint editor Sukumar Ranganathan broke the news to staff in an email with a mildly exasperated tone.
“It doesn’t change anything (we’d anyway stopped using any significant amount of content from WSJ several years ago), other than necessitating the removal of WSJ from the online signatures of some people in the newsroom who continue to use it despite instructions to the contrary,” he wrote.
The original deal, signed in 2006, was for five years. It was extended for another three years in 2011, according to a person familiar with the agreement at one of the companies. Mint paid close to $500,000 in licensing fee annually. WSJ was free to place advertising on the pages that carried WSJ content in Mint, and the publisher did so in the early days. But it never turned into a significant business, the person, who spoke to Quartz asking not to be identified, said.
The two companies also entered into talks for a stake sale in Mint in 2009-10 and had engaged bankers. But they did not close a deal. Now when the partnership came up for renewal, there was a lack of enthusiasm “from both sides”, the person said.
From the heights of exploring an equity sale, the relationship seems to have run out of steam pretty rapidly.
Tap image to zoom
Mint’s old and new masthead on its website.
The partnership between the two publishers was facilitated by Raju Narisetti, who left WSJ as a deputy managing editor to launch Mint in 2007. The arrangement, under which Mint carried several pages of WSJ-branded content, continued even after Narisetti left in 2008. After a stint at as managing editor at the Washington Post, he is now at WSJ’s parent News Corp, as senior vice president overseeing strategy.
“WSJ is the home I grew up in as a journalist. Mint is a home I helped build. All good things have a natural life and I am excited to see what WSJ  does in India to build on its journalistic success and I will always wish Mint, my third-born, and its newsroom, which I remain very proud of, the very best,” Narisetti wrote, responding to an email seeking comment.
In April last year, Mint launched a Singapore edition titled Mint Asia. HT Media executives have indicated plans to launch similar products in other markets in the region with significant Indian diasporas. It’s unclear if Mint’s ambitions in the region has had an impact on this partnership.
“At this point in time, the strategic objectives including the regional plans and online approaches of the two newsrooms are different and we have both decided not to renew the agreement,” said Rajan Bhalla, chief marketing officer at HT Media. “The two partners continue to have tremendous admiration and respect for each other…” he added.
“We had a great seven-year partnership, from just before Mint was launched until now, and both sides know it has been a mutually beneficial long partnership,” said WSJ Asia publisher Mark Pope. “We continue to be very optimistic on the business opportunities within India, and our focus on growing revenue across our consumer and professional businesses.”
WSJ operates an India homepage and an India-focussed blog. Mint mentions the content partnership with the WSJ on its masthead as well as on the logo on its website. The content partnership is limited to print.
The Indian Express group syndicates content from The Economist and Business Standard newspaper used to be part-owned by London’s Financial Times and used to print their content.
Mint used to carry four pages of WSJ content in its early days. Over the years, the number of pages had come down and as of this week, the Berliner-sized daily has not carried WSJ content.
Mint was launched in Feb 2007 in New Delhi and Mumbai. The newspaper has now grown to be the second-most read business daily in India with 272,000 readers in the country. It is now available in nine cities.
This article is a part of Quartz India. For more, follow this link.
Share this:

Rajan says RBI policy will now be inflation data-drivenHi Guest
Rajan says RBI policy will now be inflation data-driven
Inflation is panning out as per the Reserve Bank's expectations and the monetary policy going forward will be dependent purely on data releases, Governor Raghuram Rajan said on Tuesday. "We are currently positioned to reach the 6 per cent (inflation target) by 2016...as of now we are reasonably set, our expectation is that we will reach that target.The (future) policy will be data-contingent," Rajan told reporters after announcing the bi-monthly policy review. Rajan, who chose to hold on to the ...

Dhenu Buildcon Infra: Outcome of AGMSep 30, 2014, 04.29 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Dhenu Buildcon Infra: Outcome of AGM
Dhenu Buildcon Infra has informed that the 106th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Dhenu Buildcon Infra: Outcome of AGM
Dhenu Buildcon Infra has informed that the 106th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Dhenu Buildcon Infra Ltd has informed BSE that the 106th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Samtex Fashions: Outcome of AGMSep 30, 2014, 04.29 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Samtex Fashions: Outcome of AGM
Samtex Fashions has informed that the 21st Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Samtex Fashions: Outcome of AGM
Samtex Fashions has informed that the 21st Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Samtex Fashions Ltd has informed BSE that the 21st Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Tarini International: Outcome of AGMSep 30, 2014, 04.28 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Tarini International: Outcome of AGM
Tarini International has informed that the 15th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Tarini International: Outcome of AGM
Tarini International has informed that the 15th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Tarini International Ltd has informed BSE that the 15th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Maruti to recall 69 555 diesel vehiclesHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Maruti recalls nearly 70,000 diesel vehicles to replace wiring harness
S Ronendra Singh
To repair wiring harness fitment in Dzire, Swift, Ritz models manufactured March 2010-August 2013
New Delhi, Sept 30:  
For the second time in four months, Maruti Suzuki India (MSIL) has recalled its vehicles. On Tuesday, it recalled 69,555 diesel vehicles.
The company said that it will proactively inspect and repair the wiring harness fitment of these vehicles – 55,938 units of old Dzire, 12,486 units of old Swift and 1,131 units of Ritz, manufactured between March 2010 and August 2013.
In April, the company had recalled 1,03,311 vehicles to replace ‘fuel filler neck’.
The vehicles included 42,481 units of Dzire, 47,237 units of Swift, and 13,593 units of Ertiga manufactured between November 2013 and February 2014.
Combined with the earlier recall this year, the total goes up to 1,72,866 vehicles, which is a major chunk by an automobile manufacturer.
The major recall by a single company has been General Motors’ India (1.14 lakh units of multi-purpose vehicle – Tavera - in July 2013).
New draft provisions
If the provisions in the new draft Bill (Road Transport and Safety Bill 2014) of the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways are accepted, companies recalling vehicles could attract fines.
The Bill stipulates that in case 100 or more people report a defect that may ‘cause harm to the driver or passengers of that model of motor vehicle or to other road users’ then a fine will be imposed.
“The Authority shall have the power to order a recall of all the motor vehicles of a particular model where a defect in that particular model of motor vehicle that may cause harm to the driver or occupants of that motor vehicle or to other road users,” it says.
Maruti Suzuki India, in its statement, said the “exercise is limited to vehicles within the above specified range and does not pertain to any other vehicle of the company or its exports.
“This exercise does not pertain to any other model of the company or its exports”.
Internal checks
“Maruti Suzuki dealers will contact owners of all the affected vehicles.
“The dealer workshop technicians will inspect the wiring harness fitment condition and carry out the necessary repairs, free-of-cost,” it said.
It said the problem was noticed based on feedback monitoring and internal checks by the company.
Proactive action
“Accordingly, proactive action has been initiated in the interest of customers,” it said.
The users of these cars can also check the company’s website to see whether their vehicle is among those recalled.
(This article was published on September 30, 2014)
Related

Sensex ends 33 points higherSensex ends flat after a wild swing
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 30:  
Sensex closed flat with a gain of 33 points after roller-coaster rider influenced by the RBI credit policy.
The benchmark Sensex opened on the higher side at 26,611 against the previous close 26,597. It made a high of 26,851 and low of 26,481 before closing at 26,631. The turnover on BSE was up at Rs 3,821 crore against Rs 2,742 crore registered on Monday.
In NSE, the Nifty was up six points at 7,965.
The Reserve Bank of India kept the key bank rates unchanged after a monetary policy review on Tuesday as it waited for more signs of inflation retreating. Interest rate sensitive banking and realty stocks declined after the RBI policy review. PSU oil market companies gained ahead their fortnightly fuel price revision on Wednesday. Tyre stocks rose across the board on persistent fall in rubber prices.
Maruti Suzuki rose two per cent to Rs 3,064. The company announced after market hours on Tuesday that it will proactively inspect and repair the wiring harness fitment of 69,555 diesel vehicles manufactured between March, 2010 and August, 2013. This exercise is limited to vehicles within the above specified range and does not pertain to any other vehicle of the company or its exports. The problem was noticed based on feedback monitoring and internal checks by the company. Accordingly proactive action has been initiated in the interest of customers, said the company.
PSU bank stocks declined after Financial Services Secretary GS Sandhu was quoted on Tuesday saying that state-run banks will soon start raising funds from markets, as part of government's efforts to infuse capital into banks to meet the Basel III norms.
Among public sector banks that declined include Bank of India (-4%), Union Bank of India (-3%), IDBI Bank (-2%), Canara Bank (-2%) and State Bank of India (-0.21%), edged lower.
The major gainers include Eicher Motors (6%), JP Infratech (6%), Apollo Tyres (6%), MRF (5%), Bhushan Steel (5%), Marico (5%) and GSK Consumer Healthcare (5%).
Prominent losers include IndiaBulls Real Estate (-5%), GMR Infra (-5%), Suzlon (-5%), Unitech (-5%), DLF (-5%), JSW Steel (-4%), Shriram Transport Finance (-4%).
(This article was published on September 30, 2014)
Related

Indian-origin politician in race to become Portugal Prime MinisterE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Raghuram Rajan says future monetary policy to be inflation data-drivenE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Real-estate developers park Rs 4500 cr in Gujarat s GIFT-City projectE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

5 key takeaways from RBI policy5 key takeaways from RBI policy
Shishir Asthana | Mumbai Sep 30, 2014 04:20 PM IST
The only consolation from the RBI policy is every economist and analyst guessed it right. The 51 analysts and economists polled by Bloomberg unanimously said that RBI governor Raghuram Rajan would keep interest rates unchanged. Rajan obliged by keeping repo rates intact.
 
Naturally, the industry is not happy with the development. Chandrajit Banerjee, Director General, CII, said that as the twin deficits – fiscal and current account - are well under control, core inflation is trending downwards and industrial production has been muted, this could have been a good opportunity for the RBI to reduce rates. 
 
Banerjee adds that "we are at the threshold of the busy credit season" when the demand for bank credit is anticipated to go up. The onset of the festive season will spur demand for consumer goods. Infusion of liquidity at this juncture, through a reduction in policy rates, would have provided an impetus to the feel good factor brought on by the recent burst of policy announcements made by the government. He however, adds that CII appreciates RBI’s view that inflation needs to be dealt with once and for all.
 
The broking community, however, seems to be cautiously bullish. Dinesh Thakkar, Chairman & Managing Director, Angel Broking, says he expects that in the coming 6-12 months inflation and interest rates will move lower, which should be a key positive catalyst for investments, growth and capital markets.
 
Nomura says RBI will have to keep interest rates at current levels to ensure that the growth recovery does not cause a resurgence of inflationary pressures. Nomura does not see rating coming down before 2016, with the central bank likely to maintain stability in policy rates until then. This, however, will bode well for the economy in the medium term as it should ensure a rebalancing by generating higher domestic financial savings to fund investments, says Nomura in their report on the policy statement.
 
Following are five key takeaways from of RBI Policy:
 
Advanced economies looking better than emerging markets: Apart from Europe global activity seems to be picking up on the back of strengthening consumer spending and improving labour market conditions in advanced economies. This is largely on account of highly accommodative monetary policy. In emerging market economies (EME) upsurge in domestic demand is still missing on account of structural impediments.
 
Domestic activity not yet promising: The second quarter of current fiscal has not been able to carry the growth seen in the first quarter. Growth of industrial production slumped in July, as capital goods production followed consumer durables into contraction. Poor rainfall has affected the north-west region of the country while floods have hit the north east region, impacting kharif production. Services sector is showing mixed trend while the purchasing managers’ index points to uncertainty around future prospects. In short, the economy is still not completely out of the woods.
 
Second half holds the key: According to RBI, the key to a turnaround in the growth path of the economy is a revival in investment activity – in greenfield as well as brownfield stalled projects – supported by fiscal consolidation, stronger export performance and sustained disinflation, which should all happen in the second half of the current fiscal. The central bank is hopeful that all these events will happen in the second half and has thus kept the growth rate projection unchanged at 5.5% within a range of 5 to 6% around this central estimate. The quarterly growth path may slow mildly in Q2 and Q3 before recovering in Q4.
 
Inflation control continues to be tricky: Though retail inflation has come off on account of lower prices of gold, oil and non-food elements, dependency on external factors can play havoc. Further, future food prices and the timing and magnitude of held back administered price revisions impart some uncertainty to an otherwise improving inflation outlook. Base effects will also temper inflation in the next few months only to reverse towards the end of the year. In his press conference Rajan said that chances of inflation touching the 8% mark are higher than it touching 6%. There are risks from food price shocks as the full effects of the monsoon’s passage unfold, and from geo-political developments that could materialise rapidly.
 
Liquidity is the only saving grace: Low growth in non-food credit, depressed business activity and availability of alternate source of funding has resulted in a balanced liquidity scenario. On account of improving liquidity Export Credit Refinance (ECR) has fallen substantially giving banks more room to manoeuvre. In order to develop the government securities market and enhance liquidity, the central bank has decided to bring down the ceiling on SLR (Statutory Liquidity Ratio) securities under the HTM category from 24% of NDTL (net demand and time liabilities) to 22% from 24%.
 
The message coming out of the policy document is clear; the central bank will continue to press on the pause button till the supply side scenario improves. This requires initiatives from the government and a pickup in ground activity.

Gov to crack down on illegal imports of firecrackers: SitharamanGov to crack down on illegal imports of firecrackers: Sitharaman
BS Reporter | Chennai Oct 01, 2014 12:32 AM IST
The central government will take stringent action against illegal imports of firecrackers and any imports of firecrackers is illegal as the government has not given licence to anybody for such imports, said Nirmala Sitharaman, Union Minister of State (Independent Charge) for Commerce & Industry.
Speaking to the reporters in the sidelines of EPS 1995 Pensioners Felicitation Function organised by the Employee's Provident Fund Organisation, Sitharaman said, "We are acting very seriously on illegal crackers. Government has not given permission for import of firecrackers."
She said that a delegation of the firecracker industry along with BJP Organisation Secretary has met her in Delhi and alleged that a large quantity of firecrackers are imported illegally from China, brought in containers, kept in some unknown place and distributed in the market. They also said that these products are cheap in price, but has safety issues.
Besides, they added that it is also a threat to the industry in India, she added. Firecrackers works is a labour intensive process and it gives a livelihood to a large number of people. It is a main employment opportunity in dry areas like Sivakasi. She recalled that Sivakasi has been manufacturing fire crackers and match sticks for several years there and the related printing industry has also flourished there.
"We have taken immediate action on it. We have issued a public notice yesterday night itself and will be issuing advertisements to make public aware that selling illegal firecrackers in retail is a crime. It will be conveyed to the public without leaving any doubt," she said.
The government has urged the public to inform presence of illegal crackers in any retail shop and the authorities would check the details including who has sold it and from which port it has come in. The government would take stringent action against such incidence.
"We have sent letter to all the Chief Ministers including of Tamil Nadu, stating that the States has the responsibility to take action against illegal firecrackers, since the Law and Order is a State subject. We will advertise the sections under which the sales of illegal firecrackers will be eligible for punishment," she said.
She also clarified that the while there is a false information that these firecrackers might be imported under Explosives Act, there should be specific permission to import firecrackers under the Act and the centre has not given any such specific permission to anybody.
"If somebody claims that they have imported under the Explosives Act, it is illegal and is a big crime. We have not given license to anybody for that," she said. The government is also strengthening the port authorities to check such consignments, she said.
As reported earlier, the Sivakasi industry is estimated to be Rs 3,000 crore and on average the industry works for 200 days in a year. Around 300,000 people are engaged in making fire cracker products in and around Sivakasi, which caters to 80 per cent of India's needs. According to earlier reports, around Rs 300 crore worth of firecrackers were imported from China last year and this year, it is expected to double, affecting the industry in Sivakasi to a higher extend.

RBI unlikely to cut policy rateUpdated: September 28, 2014 00:02 IST
RBI unlikely to cut policy rate
Oommen A. Ninan
Tweet
PTI While the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is likely to maintain its policy rate at current levels, the financial markets expect that the central bank would reduce the Statutory Liquidity Ratio (SLR) further. File photo shows RBI headquarters in Mumbai.
TOPICS
inflation and deflation
‘Moderate drop in consumer price index and significant drop in wholesale price index will not make much difference’
While the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is likely to maintain its policy rate at current levels, the financial markets expect that the central bank would reduce the Statutory Liquidity Ratio (SLR) further.
In the last bi-monthly policy review on August 5, amidst uncertainty over the progress of the monsoon, the RBI had kept the short term indicative lending rate (repo) at the current level of 8 per cent and the Cash Reserve Ratio (CRR) unchanged at 4 per cent. However, SLR was reduced from 22.5 per cent to 22 per cent with effect from August 9. In the June bi-monthly policy also, the central bank had cut SLR by 50 basis points from 23 per cent to 22.5 per cent.
“We do not expect any rate change, because despite slight decline in inflation, the January 2016 target of 6 per cent would be hard to achieve and the monetary policy will remain vigilant,” said D. K. Joshi, Chief Economist, Crisil, a leading rating agency. The RBI Governor, Raghuram Rajan, recently said that the “persisting inflation” was a major concern for the central bank.
“Moderate drop in consumer price index (CPI) and significant drop in wholesale price index (WPI) will not make much difference to RBI’s mind and they can be clearly expected to hold the policy rate on September 30 and wait for more data,” said Samir Lodha, Managing Director, QuantArt Market Solutions Pvt. Ltd, a foreign exchange and interest rate advisory firm.
Mr. Joshi said that the SLR could be cut as there was some relief on the fiscal front and the government borrowings were likely to be continued.
SLR is the portion of deposits banks are required to maintain in the form of gold or government securities, before providing credit to customers. CRR is the portion of total deposits of customers, which commercial banks have to hold as reserves either in cash or as deposits with the central bank and the repo rate is the rate at which the central bank lends money to banks.
In the last policy review, Dr. Rajan said that “The idea behind the SLR cut is that if government finances are improving and the government is on a fiscal consolidation mode, we can afford to liberate more access to government financing and make it possible for the private sector and public sector firms to get access to that financing.”
Further, Mr. Joshi said that “Growth target at 5.5 per cent looks reasonable and the RBI is likely to stick to it.” The new initiatives of the government are likely to give the required impetus for the GDP growth.
However, Mr. Lodha said that there was a need to cut rate at the earliest. A high interest rate has placed Indian companies in a competitive disadvantage against their peers from developed world.

Healthy inflation declines are not enoughUpdated: September 28, 2014 22:48 IST
Financial Scene
Healthy inflation declines are not enough
C. R. L. Narasimhan
inflation and deflation
As the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) gets ready to announce its fourth quarter bi-monthly monetary policy review on September 30, the usual expectations from the market for an interest rate cut are surprisingly muted. The surprise element lies in the fact that whatever data that are available in the public domain would seem to suggest a softer interest rate regime. According to this view, the RBI has, after a very long time, a favourable environment to lower the benchmark repo rate, which has remained at 8 per cent for the greater part of the year. The broad macro-economic indicators have generally been positive even though one ‘lead’ indicator — the index of industrial production (IIP) — continues to remain erratic.
Most significantly, inflation data for August — both retail and wholesale — have delivered big, pleasant surprises. Retail inflation based on the consumer price index (CPI) has declined by almost a full percentage point from July from close to 8 per cent to just above 7 per cent.
To give an even better perspective on the decline, the retail inflation number for August was almost 1.5 percentage points below the rate recorded in August 2013. However, while the fall in headline numbers is welcome, food inflation remains a cause for worry.
Food prices increased by 9.4 per cent in August over last year. Interestingly, this is lower than the food inflation rate recorded last year but is, nevertheless, a cause for concern. The inference is that food inflation remains high notwithstanding the fact that the rate of increase in food prices has come down.
The picture on inflation measured by the wholesale price index (WPI) is even more encouraging. Headline WPI inflation was 3.7 per cent in August, almost 1.5 percentage points below that of the previous month and the lowest recorded in almost five years. Another measure of the improvement: food inflation measured by the WPI index which was above 20 per cent last year (the rate of increase in food prices in August 2013 over August 2012) has come down to just above 5.2 per cent this year.
Not enough, says the Governor
Yet, not all the favourable circumstances seem to have impressed the RBI Governor, who in a well publicised statement in mid-September practically ruled out a rate cut. According to him, upside risks to inflation remain notwithstanding the recent softening.
For monetary policy purposes, the CPI, which has now replaced the WPI as the anchor, is on course to reach 8 per cent by January 2015.
But the RBI has more than once expressed the view that the target for January 2016 at 6 per cent might be more difficult to achieve. The main theme of the forthcoming policy statement is bound to be on why an interest rate reduction was so peremptorily ruled out weeks in advance.
There are two developments, which lend themselves to diametrically opposite interpretations. Food and fuel prices have for long dominated the inflation discourse and this time too it is not going to be different. The verdict on the recent southwest monsoon is not conclusive but initial reports suggest that the uneven spatial distribution has not had an adverse impact on food production. This probably explains the relative decline in food prices.
Second, global petroleum prices have come off their recent highs with the benchmark Brent falling by as much as $10 a barrel. Equally important, oil prices seem to be settling down at the lower price range.
Those who favour a rate cut rely on the more optimistic scenario in which food and fuel prices do not pose an immediate threat to the economy. On the other side, however, there are others who prefer to be cautious. The never-ending conflicts in West Asia have not had the feared dire consequences on oil prices. But the cautious approach would be to wait and see. A similar policy choice is predicated on how monsoons pan out.
The RBI’s monetary policy has traditionally involved a trade-off between meeting the needs of growth even while keeping a lid on inflation. Over all, recent policy statements when it maintained a status quo on interest rates, the RBI gave an assurance that the credit needs of the real sector, when GDP growth rates seemed stuck in the sub-5 per cent category, there was a clamour from various industrial bodies, chambers of commerce and even sections of the government, that the RBI should lower interest rates to boost industrial output.
However, as is well known, the RBI, under both Governor Subbarao and Governor Raghuram Rajan, stoutly resisted pressures arguing that unless inflation is controlled there cannot be any improvement in the macro-economy.
Tuesday’s bi-monthly review will, in all probability, explain why the RBI remains cautious.
crl.thehindu@gmail.com

Kashmir keeps turning upUpdated: September 29, 2014 01:52 IST
Kashmir keeps turning up
heads of state
There is no doubt that the New York speech was a move by Mr. Sharif to blunt criticism by his opponents that he has been soft on India, and an effort by him to buy some peace with the Army.
There has seldom been a time when the domestic politics of India and Pakistan have not intruded into efforts to normalise bilateral relations. When Nawaz Sharif spoke at the United Nations about a plebiscite in Kashmir, the Pakistan Prime Minister was not so much addressing India as he was audiences back home. Mr. Sharif has not yet emerged fully from his battle for survival against Imran Khan. The cricketer-turned-politician is now planning to widen his protests for Mr. Sharif’s resignation. The doggedness with which Mr. Khan is seeking to topple Mr. Sharif, and the parallel demands for regime change by Tahir ul-Qadri, a maverick cleric with a large following, have further weakened Pakistan’s democratic moorings. The Pakistan Prime Minister’s tense relations with the Army for a host of reasons — his determination to punish former Army chief Pervez Musharraf for the 1999 coup, and his avowed desire for friendly ties with India, to cite just two — have compounded his insecurity. There is no doubt that the New York speech was a move by Mr. Sharif to blunt criticism by his opponents and detractors that he has been soft on India, and an effort by him to buy some peace with the Army. Also, the Modi government’s abrupt cancellation of the Foreign Secretary-level talks last month in retaliation for the Pakistan envoy’s discussions with Hurriyat leaders in Delhi, did not help Mr. Sharif’s domestic situation. The demands on Kashmir that he pressed at the General Assembly were those he had not raised for years, at least not since the historic 1999 Lahore Declaration, to which he and Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee were signatories.
The two sides seem dangerously close to turning the clock back on Kashmir, wiping out the progress made on the issue in the intervening years, when — if the principal actors of the period are to be believed — it was “a semicolon away” from resolution. The challenge now before India and Pakistan is to pull back before rhetoric hijacks the debate. That can be done only by restoring the dialogue, not by keeping a finger on the pause button, as India has done. It is encouraging that Prime Minister Narendra Modi, in his speech at the General Assembly, avoided a slanging match with Mr. Sharif, and instead reiterated India’s desire for “serious dialogue” with Pakistan in an “atmosphere free of violence”. That Pakistan remains eager to grasp the offer was evident in the conciliatory remarks made to The Hindu by Sartaj Aziz, adviser on foreign affairs to Mr. Sharif, after Mr. Modi’s speech. Enough opportunities for dialogue have been lost already. India and Pakistan cannot risk the dangers created by a vacuum in diplomacy.

Sensex ends lower ahead of RBI policy reviewMarket update: Sensex ends 29 points lower as interest-sensitive stocks fall
Abhishek Vishnoi     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 29, 2014  | 17:33 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex on Monday fell about 29 points in volatile trade as participants adopted a cautious stance ahead of the Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) monetary policy review on Tuesday.
Profit-booking and a weakening rupee, which depreciated 47 paise against the dollar to 61.58 intra-day, also weighed on the trading sentiment, stock brokers said.
The 30-share BSE barometer after commencing on a higher note, continued to rise and touched intra-day high of 26,715.77.
However, off-loading of positions by participants and profit-booking in select counters pushed the Sensex back to close at 26,597.11, down 29.21 points (or 0.11 per cent). Intra-day, it had touched the day's low of 26,518.01.
The BSE index gained 157.96 points on Friday after Standard & Poor's (S&P) raised India's outlook to stable from negative.
Amon the 30 Sensex scrips, 21 closed with losses, while nine others ended higher. Interest rate sensitive stocks such as ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank, HDFC and Axis Bank edged lower ahead of the RBI policy outcome.
On similar lines, the broader 50-issue Nifty of the National Stock Exchange (NSE), after moving both ways, ended 9.95 points (or 0.12 per cent) down at 7,958.90. It shuttled between 7,991.75 and 7,934.70 intra-day.
Sentiments turned weak as funds and investors were seen trimming their positions ahead of the monetary policy review by the central bank on Tuesday.
The weakness in rupee against US dollar, helped IT stocks close in the positive zone. Shares of TCS surged 3.17 per cent, Wipro ended 1.18 per cent higher and Infosys gained 1.90 per cent.
Overall trading was tepid in this holiday-shortened week ahead as markets will remain closed on Thursday and Friday for Mahatma Gandhi Jayanti and Dussehra respectively.
Major losers, which dragged down the indices were Bajaj Auto, Coal India (CIL), Dr Reddy, Hero Moto Corp, Maruti Suzuki, ONGC, Sesa Sterlite, Tata Motors, Tata Power and Tata Steel.
Sectorally, the BSE Metal sector index suffered the most by plunging 1.11 per cent, followed by FMCG index (0.92 per cent), Banking index (0.91 per cent), Auto index (0.44 per cent), Oil & Gas (0.37 per cent), Realty index (0.25 per cent) and Capital Goods index (0.24 per cent).
Asian stocks ended mixed. European markets were weak in early trade as a measure of euro-area economic confidence declined.
Meanwhile, provisional data showed that Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) sold shares worth a net Rs 1,133.64 crore last Friday.
Barring China and Japan, other Asian markets closed with losses while European stocks too were trading weak in their late morning deals.
Among major losers, Sesa Sterlite was fell most to end 1.65 per cent down, followed by Tata Steel (1.61 per cent), Coal India (1.48 per cent), ITC (1.44 per cent), Bajaj Auto (1.42 per cent), ICICI Bank (1.39 per cent), ONGC (1.13 per cent), Hero MotorCorp (1.12 per cent), Axia Bank (0.90 per cent) and Maruti Suzuki (0.88 per cent).
Other major gainers were Sun Pharma (3.36 per cent), GAIL (2.36 per cent), Hindalco (1.33 per cent), Wipro (1.18 per cent) and BHEL (0.78 per cent).
Among BSE S&P sectoral indices, the Metal index dipped by 1.11 per cent, FMCG by 0.92 per cent, Bankex by 0.91 per cent and Auto by 0.44 per cent, while Healthcare firmed up by 2.21 per cent, IT by 1.81 per cent, Consumer Durables by 1.79 per cent and Teck by 1.50 per cent.
Although the Sensex ended in the red, reflecting rally in second-line stocks, the total market breadth remained positive as 1,855 stocks settled with gains while 1,087 finished with losses.
The BSE Small-cap and BSE Mid-cap indices closed up by 1.49 per cent and 1.01 per cent, outperforming the Sensex.

Strides Arcolab to buy Shasun Pharma for $200 mnStrides Arcolab to buy Shasun Pharma for $200 million in all-stock deal
Zeba Siddiqui     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 29, 2014  | 18:15 IST
Picture for representation only. (Source: Reuters)
Strides Arcolab has agreed to buy smaller rival Shasun Pharmaceuticals in an all-stock deal, valued at about $200 million, to bolster its generic medicine and drug ingredient businesses.
Shasun, which has a market value of $193.5 million, makes drug ingredients and finished medicines, as well as provides contract research and manufacturing services. It supplies to North America, Europe, Asia and Latin America.
The acquisition is expected to close by June 2015, and is subject to regulatory approvals, the companies said in a stock exchange filing on Monday.
The deal is part of a consolidation in the pharmaceutical sector, which was expected to happen after Sun Pharmaceutical Industries agreed in April to buy local rival Ranbaxy Laboratories for $3.2 billion to create the world's fifth largest maker of generic drugs.
Under the terms of the deal, Shasun shareholders will get five Strides shares for every 16 held in Shasun, the companies said in a joint statement. That values Shasun at roughly $200 million based on the stocks' closing price on Friday.
The combined entity, in which Shasun shareholders will own 26 per cent, will have 12 manufacturing plants and a pipeline of over 100 products, said the statement.
In February last year, Strides sold its injectable drugs business to U.S. firm Mylan for $1.6 billion.
Shares in Strides rose as much as 12.8 per cent to 724 rupees after the deal announcement on Monday, while Shasun ended down 0.3 per cent at 196.15 rupees. The Nifty fell 0.1 per cent.
(Reuters)

Suprajit Engg gets land for cable plant in Tamil NaduUpdated: September 29, 2014 22:41 IST
Suprajit Engg gets land for cable plant in Tamil Nadu
N. Ravi Kumar
plant opening
The company acquires Pricol’s speedo cable business on slump sale basis
Automotive cable maker Suprajit Engineering, which on Monday announced the acquisition of the non-core speedo cable business of Pricol, has also got land from the Tamil Nadu Government recently for setting up a plant in Oragadam, near Chennai.
The facility, to be its first in Tamil Nadu, is part of an expansion plan pursued by the company under which the installed capacity will increase to 210 million cables from 150 million cables annually now.
Another component of the plan, involving Rs.60-70 crore capital expenditure over next 18 months, is adding capacity at the Biwadi plant in Rajasthan. The company, whose turnover was around Rs.600 crore last fiscal, has 13 plants across the country, making a range of automotive cables. It also has a non-automotive EOU plant.
“We got four acres in Oragadam from the Tamil Nadu Government under the single window [clearance] process a few days ago,” Chairman and Managing Director Ajith Rai told The Hindu. The investment on the plant would be Rs.15-20 crore, he said, adding that it would serve customers in Tamil Nadu, including TVS Motors, Ashok Leyland, TAFE, Hyundai and Ford. Many of them were being supplied from one of its seven plants in Bangalore.
On Pricol’s speedo cable business, whose annual sales are around Rs.10 crore, he said it would “add to our strength of being number one in cable business.” At present, it catered to leading OEMs such as M&M, Tata Motors, Eicher… “they will eventually be transferred to us.”
In a BSE filing, Suprajit Engineering said it has executed a business transfer agreement with Pricol, Coimbatore, for acquisition of the business on a slump sale basis. Suprajit is in the process of transferring the plant and machinery to the Bommasandra industrial area, where it has a plant. Refusing to divulge financial details of the acquisition, he said: “We are using a small portion of the liquid cash of Rs.80-90 crore in hand.”

Ask Matt: Should U.S. investors worryEMAIL
Q: Should I dump stock due to Hong Kong unrest?
A: Investors hate uncertainty. Seeing protesters storm the streets doesn’t inspire confidence for the markets. But that doesn’t mean investors should bail out.
Pro-democracy protests spread over Hong Kong Monday. It’s a fast moving situation – but investors aren’t taking chances. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng sold off nearly 2% amid the news. There are some Hong Kong-based companies that are taking it much harder than others. These situations are tough for investors to play. There’s a chance the unrest will settle down and not cause a major financial situation. The famous Tiananmen Square protests in 1989, for instance, was a huge political event. But it wasn’t a big deal for US markets. The S&P 500 jumped 8% during the 7-week drama.
But there’s a risk things get worse. And that’s exactly what keeps investors on edge when watching events unfold a world away. It’s another great example of why global diversification is the only way to survive such turmolt. While Asian stocks belong in many investors’ portfolios, they shouldn’t be a dominant share. A moderately aggressive portfolio should only have a 19% weighting toward developed international stocks, says money management firm Index Fund Advisors. And only a portion of that should be in Asia.
USA TODAY markets reporter Matt Krantz answers a different reader question every weekday. To submit a question, e-mail Matt at mkrantz@usatoday.com or on Twitter @mattkrantz.
Getty

in contempt of courtArgentina found to be in contempt of court by US judge
In Buenos Aires, Argentines have protested against the repayment of money to so-called "vulture funds"
Argentina in plan to avoid US ruling
A US judge has ruled that the Republic of Argentina is in contempt of court for refusing to obey an order to repay the debt it owes to two US hedge funds.
Argentina has been mired in a US court dispute with the funds, which bought the country's debt at a discount after its default in 2001.
In July, Judge Thomas Griesa ruled that Argentina must repay the funds before it can repay other bondholders.
Argentina refused, sending the country into default.
Earlier on Monday, Argentina's ambassador to the US warned in a letter to US Secretary of State John Kerry that if the country was found to be in contempt of court, it would represent "unlawful interference" in Argentina's domestic affairs.
And in a strong statement, the Argentine Foreign Ministry in Buenos Aires said Judge Griesa's ruling "violates international law" and "has no practical effect other than to provide new elements helpful to the slanderous political and media campaign conducted by vulture funds against Argentina".
It added: "Griesa holds the sad record of being the first judge to declare a sovereign state in contempt for paying a debt, after failing in his attempt to block the restructuring of the foreign debt of Argentina."
Judge Griesa said he would decide on a penalty at a later date.
Graffiti depicting US Judge Thomas Griesa and vultures behind bars in Buenos Aires
'Vulture funds'
After Argentina defaulted on about $100bn (£61.5bn) of debt in 2001, the country negotiated a settlement with the majority of its bondholders to repay a certain portion of the amount owed.
Some bondholders accepted swaps for lesser-valued bonds but were not paid interest on those bonds.
However, two hedge funds - NML Capital and Aurelius Capital Management - have demanded full repayment of the $1.5bn (£920m) they are owed, and have sued to prevent the country from paying back only its restructured bonds.
"Argentina has repeatedly and wilfully violated the orders of the court," they said in a complaint last week.
Argentina has refused, saying that they are "vulture funds", and has attempted to enact legislation to skirt Judge Griesa's ruling.
This has left two banks in New York - Bank of New York Mellon and Citigroup - with millions of dollars on hold that Argentina had planned to pay in interest to holders of its renegotiated debt.
More on This Story

PDP MLA Iftikhar Hussain Ansari passes awayPrint
Press Trust of India | Srinagar | Posted: September 30, 2014 1:37 pm | Updated: September 30, 2014 4:54 pm
Opposition PDP MLA in Jammu and Kashmir Assembly and prominent Shia cleric, Moulvi Iftikhar Hussain Ansari died here today following prolonged illness.
He was 74. “Mouvli Iftikhar Ansari died in the wee hours today after battling an ailment for more than a year,” a relative of the deceased PDP leader said.
The four-time MLA from Pattan Assembly segment, Ansari has a huge following amongst Shias in the state. He is survived by his wife, two sons and a daughter. Born on April 26, 1940, he studied Islamic theology in Iran, Egypt and Iraq.
Starting his political career in 1960s, Ansari was nominated as an MLC in 1973 on Congress ticket but switched to Janata Party in 1977. He returned to Congress in 1980s and was chosen as leader of the Legislature party in the State Assembly from 1983 to 1987. He was again elected to the state legislative assembly in 1996 on a Congress ticket and became a minister in the National Conference (NC) government headed by Farooq Abdullah.
Ansari joined the NC in 2002 and was elected from Pattan Assembly segment later that year but quit the party in 2006 to join the PDP. He lost the by-election. The Shia cleric won the election in 2008 on a PDP ticket and was nominated as the party candidate for the forthcoming assembly elections scheduled to be held later this year.
Upon hearing the news of his death, thousands of Ansari’s supporters thronged his residence at Qammarwari in the city. The huge influx of mourners led the authorities to divert traffic between Bemina and Parimpora crossings, causing massive traffic snarls.
Many areas, dominated by Shias, shutdown as a mark of respect to the departed leader.

Rel Cap to double mkt capitalisation in 3-4...Anil Ambani
(Besides Reliance Capital,…)
MUMBAI: Laying out an ambitious growth agenda for Reliance Capital, Anil Ambani today said the company would triple the capital deployed in housing finance activities besides looking to double market capitalisation in next three to four years.
Emphasising that the company is ready for the next phase of growth, Ambani, who is the chairman of Reliance Capital, said it would look at creating new business.
Besides Reliance Capital, which has applied for universal banking licence, would explore all opportunities in the banking space.
Considering opportunity in housing finance space, the company would triple the capital deployed in housing finance and make it engine of growth, Ambani told shareholders at the annual general meeting.
While guidelines are being awaited with regard to a large number of issues in the banking industry , he said the company would evaluate all options.
Reliance Capital believes there would be opportunities to explore in universal banking and payment banking space, he added.
A financial conglomerate, Reliance Capital has interests in asset management and mutual funds, life and general insurance, commercial finance, equities and commodities broking, among others.
Noting that Reliance Capital would aim to double its market capitalisation in three to four years, he also said the company is looking to partner with global companies in health insurance business.
At current share price, Reliance Capital has a market capitalisation of over Rs 11,289 crore.
Ambani noted that plans are on the anvil for having a separate company for health insurance business which is currently at an embryonic stage under Reliance General Insurance.
According to him, hiking the foreign direct investment limit in insurance would provide opportunities to strengthen its partnership in the life insurance space.
Such a move would facilitate possible partnerships with global entities in general insurance and health insurance businesses.
In the three months ended June, Reliance Capital reported an increase of 23 per cent in net profit at Rs 164 crore on the back of growth in general insurance and asset management businesses.
The company's consolidated net profit rose to Rs 164 crore in the quarter ended June 30, 2014, from Rs 133 crore in the year-ago quarter.
Total income also increased by 11 per cent from Rs 1,938 crore to Rs 2,144 crore in the same period for Reliance Capital.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Indian-origin politician in race to become Portugal PMPress Trust of India | London | Posted: September 30, 2014 3:19 pm
A Goan-origin politician has emerged as a frontrunner to become Portugal’s next prime minister after the country’s main opposition Socialist Party chose him as its candidate for the 2015 elections.
Antonio Costa, known as the ‘Gandhi of Lisbon’ for his frugal lifestyle, has his roots in the former Portuguese colony in India where his grandfather was born and his father spent most of his life.
A popular mayor of Lisbon, the 52-year-old socialist was chosen as Portugal’s prime ministerial candidate by the main Opposition Socialist Party for next year’s polls.
“The only victor today is the Socialist Party…This is the first day of our future (parliament) majority,” he said after defeating party leader Antonio Jose Seguro on Sunday.
He is also set to take over as party leader following Seguro’s resignation.
Costa, who served as justice and interior minister in previous socialist governments and as a European Parliament deputy before being elected mayor in 2007, won nearly 70 per cent of the vote.
Costa is the son of Orlando da Costa, who wrote essays on Nobel laureate Rabindranath Tagore.
The Mozambique-born writer spent most of his youth in Portuguese-ruled Goa where his father, Luis Afonso Maria da Costa, was born.
He was a descendant of Hindu families from the Gaud  Saraswat Brahmin community which converted to Catholicism during the Portuguese colonial era.
Born Antonio Luis Santos da Costa, the Lisbon-based politician has spoken of strengthening ties with India in the past with Portugal as an “Atlantic hub for business”.
Costa is known to many as Babush -– the Konkani word for  boy -– and is admired for his lifestyle reflective of the Portuguese-Goan concept of “susegad” or chilled out and tolerant.
As Lisbon mayor, he moved his office to the Mouraria neighbourhood, which was earlier notorious for drug trafficking and prostitution and is now transformed as an upcoming construction hub.
Opinion polls put the socialists ahead of the Social Democratic party of Prime Minister Pedro Passos Coelho in next year’s polls.

Xiaomi sells 60 000 Redmi 1S unit in 14 secondsXiaomi sells 60,000 Redmi 1S unit in 14 seconds
By ET Bureau | 30 Sep, 2014, 04.08PM IST
Xiaomi has competed five rounds of flash sales of its RedMi 1S device, which is priced at Rs 5,999 phone in India.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Xiaomi Tuesday sold 60,000 units of the entry-level Redmi 1S smartphone in some 13.9 seconds in the latest flash sale for the product , the company said on its Facebook page.
Xiaomi has competed five rounds of flash sales of its RedMi 1S device, which is priced at Rs 5,999 phone in India.
The Redmi 1S competes with the likes of Moto E and Asus Zen Phone4 in the country. In addition, Android One smartphones, which are backed by Micromax, Karbonn and Spice, are also competing head-to-head with Xiaomi's entry level device.
The Redmi 1S features a 4.7-inch 1280 x 720 (HD) IPS display and is powered by a 1.6 GHz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 processor with Cortex-A7 core and 1 GB RAM.
It comes with 8GB internal flash memory with external microSD slot that supports up to 64 GB. The Redmi 1S is a dual SIM (3G+2G) smartphone and comes equipped with 8MP rear camera and a front 1.6MP camera.
Xiaomi is providing complimentary micro-SIM card adapter and a screen protector along with the Redmi 1S free of charge.

Hooda threatens stir for higher rice priceComments
Haryana CM Bhupinder Singh Hooda inspects rice grains at Tarawadi Grain Market on Monday. (Source: PTI)
Haryana Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda Tuesday threatened to sit on dharna if the Centre failed to ensure better prices of rice for farmers. He said that had he not been holding a constitutional post, he would have sat on dharna today itself.
A statement issued by the government read, “Haryana CM Bhupinder Singh Hooda today warned the Centre that he may take a drastic step like sitting on dharna in Taraori mandi along with farmers if the central government did not take immediate measures to ensure better prices of rice for farmers.”
During a discussion with farmers in Taraori and Guhla Cheeka, Hooda attacked the Centre for fall in prices of Basmati and cotton. He also attacked the BJP for increase in diesel prices and drought issues.
“I cannot see farmers suffer because of low prices of produce, especially rice. I am ready to launch a struggle with them. I had already written to the Centre seeking a ban on rice export”, Hooda told the farmers. He is on a statewide tour, campaigning for Congress candidates.
“In the last 10 years of UPA rule at the Centre and Congress rule in Haryana, a great deal of development has taken place. Farmers in Haryana benefitted and the rate of interest on crop loan was reduced. It will not be changed in future if we are voted to power,” Hooda told the farmers.
Hooda also attacked the BJP for not being able to declare its chief ministerial candidate till date.

Vote banks set to be divided amid parties caste calculationsVote banks set to be divided amid parties’ caste calculations
Written by Varinder Bhatia | Chandigrah |       September 30, 2014 4:32 pm
Comments
The vote banks represented by particular communities are set to get divided in the Haryana Assembly polls as caste is a major factor in selection of candidates by most parties.
Parties have picked members from the dominant community in particular constituencies to tap specific vote banks. Candidates have been picked from communities such as Baniya, Muslim, Punjabi, Gujjar and Jat.
For instance, three Baniya candidates — Devender Kumar Bansal from Congress, Gian Chand Gupta from BJP and Kulbhushan Goyal from INLD — are in a triangular contest in Panchkula. D K Bansal is the incumbent MLA from Panchkula, where 23 candidates have filed nominations.
Similarly, the constituency of Kalka will see a triangular contest among members of the Punjabi community. While INLD has fielded its incumbent MLA Pradeep Chaudhary, BJP has fielded Latika Sharma while Congress has chosen Manveer Kaur Gill. In all, there are 17 coontestants.
Hisar also faces a tight contest among the Baniya community. Congress candidate Savitri Jindal will face Dr Kamal Gupta of the BJP. At least four other candidates of the Baniya community have filed nominations from Hisar seat.
In southern Haryana, dominated by Muslim population, parties have fielded their candidates accordingly. Incumbent Congress MLA Aftab Ahmed from Nuh will face competition from INLD’s Zakir Hussain and Akil Ahmed of BSP. Congress rebel Venod Sharma’s newly constituted Jan Chetna Party has also fielded a Muslim candidate, Abdul Rahim from Nuh seat.
Ferozepur-Jhirka constituency, which is also dominated by Muslims, also has Azad Mohammad from the Congress and INLD’s Naseem Ahmed. BJP’s Alam Mundal, also from the same community, will add to a tight contest in the Assembly segment presently represented by Naseem Ahmed of INLD.
As many as 1,972 candidates have filed nominations so far. The highest number of candidates, 44, filed nomination from Bhiwani Assembly constituency, while Naraingarh and Nuh have the lowest nominations, 11 each.

After leaders attend rally  JD(U) allies with INLDComments
The Janata Dal (United) and Indian National Lok Dal Tuesday decided to fight the Haryana Assembly elections together.
“In an effort to unite the distintegrated Janata Dal Parivar, it has been decided by JD(U) and INLD to go it together in the Assembly elections in Haryana. Both parties have good relations since the time of late Chaudhary Devi Lal and our endeavour is to reunite in the same way as was in the past in view of the present political situation in the country,” JD(U) president Sharad Yadav said.
Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD), an NDA constituent, has aligned with INLD in Haryana and nominated candidates from Kalianwali and Ambala City seats for the October 15 polls. The Assembly has 90 seats.
On September 5, JD(U) leaders had attended a rally organised by the INLD to mark the 100th birth anniversary of former Deputy Prime Minister Chaudhary Devi Lal in Jind. The JD(U) chief and Shivpal Yadav, brother of Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav, were present at the rally.
The move to bring JD(U) and INLD closer politically comes more than a week after Socialist Janata (Democratic) Party, headed former Union minister M P Veerendra Kumar, announced his party’s merger with JD(U). The JD(U) chief had then said that it had been done in view of the “new emerging situation” before the country and that the beginning was made from Bihar where it joined hands with Lalu Prasad’s RJD.
“We have understood that the political challenges, which have emerged recently, can be faced only when the old Janata Parivar comes together immediately, otherwise it will be too late,” Sharad Yadav said in a release.
Stressing that the coming together of the two parties is not confined to fighting the polls together, he said that INLD has given an assurance that JD(U) would be part of the government if the alliance wins the elections.
Yadav said that since Haryana is an immediate neighbour of Delhi, the message of unity should travel from the national capital to the entire country “to keep the dividing forces away from power”.
“My personal efforts are on to revive our relations with old party colleagues. I am sure our initiative to go together will work in favour of the JD(U)-INLD alliance in Haryana,” he said.

SAD set for intensive campaign  leaders deputed for seatsSAD set for ‘intensive’ campaign, leaders deputed for seats
Written by Chitleen K Sethi | Chandigrah |       September 30, 2014 4:23 pm
Comments
Despite its alliance with the BJP in Punjab, the Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD) is all set for a ‘fight-to-win’ battle in two Assembly seats, against the BJP and the Congress, in Haryana. The party is also planning an intensive campaign, across the poll-bound state, in favour of its decades-old ally — the Indian National Lok Dal (INLD).
SAD president and Punjab Deputy Chief Minister Sukhbir Singh Badal held the first set of meetings deputing senior leaders as incharges of the campaigns in Ambala City and Kallianwali on Monday. He announced Rajya Sabha member Balwinder Singh Bhunder as the incharge of the Kallianwali seat and Punjab Education Minister Dr Daljit Singh Cheema as the incharge of the Ambala seat.
The SAD had on September 26 declared Balwinder Singh Punia as its candidate at Ambala city while former Shiromani Grurdwara Parbhandhak Committee (SGPC) member Balkar Singh Kallianwali has been fielded at Kallianwali.
The two constituencies have been divided into zones headed by senior leader including most of Punjab’s  cabinet ministers. They are expected to land in their assigned zones on Tuesday before starting campaigning. Punjab Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal and Sukhbir will start campaigning from October 7-8 with both expected to camp in the two constituencies for six days each.
At Kallianwali, SAD is focusing on the rural vote bank while at Ambala, Dr Daljit Singh Cheema said,  the focus is on both the city and the rural areas, both of which have an almost equal number of one lakh voters each. “In the city we will work in accordance with the division of wards.
The rural areas have been divided into 14 zones and we are in the process of assigning these wards and zones to senior leaders,” Dr Cheema said.
In both the constituencies, every village has been brought under lower-rung party leaders. “In some cases, there are two or more villages under a single person. These leaders have been asked to get to work immediately and assess the ground situation in the next two to three days,” said Charnajit Singh Brar, the deputy chief minister’s media coordinator.
Despite the opposition shown by Haryana BJP leaders, the SAD is micromanaging its campaign in the two seats. Sukhbir had described the INLD-SAD alliance as “an alliance between the people of Punjab and Haryana” while announcing the party candidates.

Amit Shah takes dig at INLD  Dushyant hits backBJP president Amit Shah at the rally in Bhiwani on Monday. (Source: Express)
Express News Service | Ambala | Posted: September 30, 2014 4:17 pm
BJP chief Amit Shah today ruled out any post-poll alliance with the INLD in Haryana.  “Some vested interests were spreading rumors about an alliance between the two parties,” Shah said here while campaigning for Aseem Goyal, BJP candidate for Ambala city constituency.
He addressed a thin crowd because he reached the venue three hours late, and people had started leaving by then.
Attacking the Congress government, Shah said, “Despite Haryana being contiguous to Delhi, it remained undeveloped because successive governments of the Congress and INLD did not work for development and rather remained busy accumulating wealth.
One chief minister is already behind bars for corruption and the other will soon meet the same fate. During the last 20 years, you have seen Chautala and Hooda, under whose regimes the state was converted into a cesspool of corruption and the common man suffered.”
On the NDA government headed by Narendra Modi, Shah said, “Modi spoke on every issue while former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh remained mum as Sonia Gandhi did not allow him to speak for 10 years. In the last four months, the government brought down price rise, petrol price, LPG cylinders supply was increased, Jan Dhan Yojna was introduced for the poor.”
After Ambala, Shah addressed a gathering in Tohana, where he lashed out at the INLD, calling its regime “Goondaraaj”. Later today, INLD MP from Hisar Dushyant Chautala described Shah’s attack on the INLD as “frustration”. Dushyant, who is contesting from Uchana Kalan, was also addressing a public meeting at Tohana.
“Shah must explain that if INLD was spreading ‘goondaaraj’ while in power in Haryana, why did the BJP not withdraw support at that time? None of the BJP leaders spoke publicly during Chautala’s regime. Now they are targeting INLD only because they are aware that it is set to form the next government in Haryana,” Dushyant added.
“The way the BJP ended its coalition with Shiv Sena in Maharashtra has also exposed its real face, that it was not sincere with its allies who stood by it when the saffron party needed them the most.”

U.S. forces to remain in Afghanistan past end of 2014Updated: September 30, 2014 16:52 IST
U.S. forces to remain in Afghanistan past end of 2014
Reuters
Reuters Afghan President Ashraf Ghani.
TOPICS
Afghanistan
Officials from Afghanistan and the United States on Tuesday signed a long-delayed security agreement to allow American troops to stay in the country after the end of the year, fulfilling a campaign promise by new President Ashraf Ghani.
National Security Adviser Hanif Atmar and U.S. Ambassador James Cunningham signed the bilateral security agreement in a televised ceremony at the presidential palace.
Mr. Ghani's predecessor, Hamid Karzai, had long refused to agree to the deal, souring his ties with the United States.
Under the terms of agreement, about 12,000 foreign troops are expected to stay to train and assist Afghan security forces after the U.S.-led military mission formally ends its combat mission at the end of 2014.

http://usat.ly/YLOwU2FacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Trial over U.S. bailout of AIG begins
Opening statements began Monday in Washington in a trial challenging the government's 2008 bailout of AIG -- with a former AIG CEO as plaintiff.
Post to Facebook
Trial over U.S. bailout of AIG begins Opening statements began Monday in Washington in a trial challenging the government's 2008 bailout of AIG -- with a former AIG CEO as plaintiff. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/YId8wP
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
3
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Trial over U.S. bailout of AIG begins
Roger Yu , USA TODAY 6:20 p.m. EDT September 29, 2014
Former CEO of insurance giant AIG Maurice "Hank" Greenberg,  shown in 2009.
(Photo: File photo by Spencer Platt, Getty Images)
17 CONNECT 35 TWEET 1 LINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE
WASHINGTON — Opening a heavily anticipated trial that could set a precedent for future government bailouts, the lawyer for American International Group's former CEO argued Monday that the Federal Reserve overstepped its authority in 2008 when it gave loans to rescue and take controlling ownership of the insurance giant.
The Department of Justice fired back in the U.S. Court of Federal Claims in Washington, D.C., by claiming that the $182 billion bailout saved AIG  from bankruptcy and prevented worsening of the financial market panic that was spreading globally at the time.
By agreeing to the bailout loans and handing over about 80% of its equity to the Federal Reserve, AIG shareholders benefited by its continued survival and return to profitability, said the attorney representing the Justice Department, Kenneth Dintzer. AIG, which had $3 billion in net income its most recent quarter, has repaid the government aid.
"AIG's board voluntarily accepted the loan," Dintzer said.
Former AIG CEO Maurice Greenberg's position is "one of entitlement that the government didn't do enough."
A key issue in the trial is the legality of the government's ability to seize ownership of a company as it was bailed out.
Greenberg, who was CEO of AIG for four decades until he stepped down in 2005, sued in 2011, and the case has been certified as a class-action case on behalf of other shareholders. He is seeking about $40 billion that he said would compensate  shareholders' financial damages incurred when the government took control of AIG and the high interest rates it charged for its loans.
"The government cannot tie granting of a benefit to the surrender of rights or property" that it is not authorized to demand, said David Boies, the high-profile attorney who's representing Greenberg's firm, Starr International, which was AIG's largest shareholder in 2008.
AIG declined to participate in the lawsuit.
More than 200 companies received financial assistance from the Federal Reserve, and they were required to pay it back with interest rates determined by the Fed's Board of Governors. In contrast, AIG was singled out in having to give up control and being charged "an extortion interest rate," Boies said. "There was no justification for the taking of equity," he added. "AIG's loan was fully secured."
But the government still took a risk by offering the loan, and its shareholders will not be able to demonstrate that they'd be better off if they were left alone, Dintzer said. There is no evidence to AIG's claim that it could have gained more favorable funding terms from other sovereign wealth funds, he said. "Twenty percent of something is better than 100% of nothing," he said. "Shrinking of benefits to shareholders is not a punishment."
If Starr were to prevail, any damages would be shared by shareholders of record in 2008 and 2009.
Greenberg, 89, is likely to appear as a witness in the trial, which could last six weeks. Other key players are scheduled to appear next week, including former Treasury secretary Henry Paulson, former Federal Reserve chairman Ben Bernanke, and Tim Geithner, who was Treasury secretary under President Obama until he stepped down in 2013.
17 CONNECT 35 TWEET 1 LINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/YId8wP
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

http://usat.ly/1otSHuBFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Ford says next HD pickups are aluminum, too
Ford Motor disclosed in a conference call with investment analysts that the next-generation heavy-duty pickups will be aluminum-intensive, like the 2015 F-150 standard duty about to go on sale. Raj Nair,
Post to Facebook
Ford says next HD pickups are aluminum, too Ford Motor disclosed in a conference call with investment analysts that the next-generation heavy-duty pickups will be aluminum-intensive, like the 2015 F-150 standard duty about to go on sale. Raj Nair, Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/YHaBmz
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
1
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Ford says next HD pickups are aluminum, too
James R. Healey , USA TODAY 4:42 p.m. EDT September 29, 2014
Ford product chief tells Wall Street that next-gen Super Duty pickups to get aluminum bodies like 2015 F-150 standard duty.
(Photo: Sam VarnHagen, Ford Motor)
12 CONNECT 20 TWEET 11 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Ford Motor disclosed in a conference call with investment analysts that the next-generation heavy-duty pickups will be aluminum-intensive, like the 2015 F-150 standard duty about to go on sale.
Raj Nair, Ford's global product boss, said in a call with analysts Monday that the automaker will "leverage the aluminum architecture" used on the 2015 F-150 standard duty pickup.
He gave no specifics. The Super Duty recently has been updated, so a full redesign is several years off.
Super Duty models are about one-third of all  F-series sales and tend to be high-dollar, high-profit models because they are equipped for specialty uses that demand specific features and construction.
The 2015 F-150 is a full redesign that includes an aluminum body to cut weight as much as 770 pounds.
Some of that is needed simply to match lighter-weight rivals from General Motors and Chrysler Group, but it's also enough to be a net reduction in weight. That will boost fuel economy as well as raising payload and towing ratings on most models.
No hint on what aluminum construction will do to Super Duty prices. On the F-150, aluminum construction and additional standard features result in price boosts ranging from $395 on low-level models to as much as $3,515 on top versions.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/YHaBmz
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

http://usat.ly/1wTS96pFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
EU reveals details of Apple tax probe
European Union antitrust officials published Tuesday details about a decision to open an in-depth investigation into Apple's tax deals with Ireland.
Post to Facebook
EU reveals details of Apple tax probe European Union antitrust officials published Tuesday details about a decision to open an in-depth investigation into Apple's tax deals with Ireland. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vso1jg
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
15
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
EU reveals details of Apple tax probe
Kim Hjelmgaard and Kevin McCoy USA TODAY 4:46 p.m. EDT September 30, 2014
European Commissioner for competition Joaquin Almunia.
(Photo: AP)
58 CONNECT 77 TWEET LINKEDIN 15 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Questions over Apple's ( AAPL ) tax strategies deepened Tuesday as European Union antitrust officials published details about a decision to open an in-depth investigation into the tech giant's tax agreements with Ireland.
In a letter to Irish authorities on the European Commission's website, regulators wrote: "The Commission is of the opinion that through those rulings the Irish authorities confer an advantage on Apple."
"That advantage is obtained every year and on-going, when the annual tax liability is agreed upon by the tax authorities in view of that ruling," added the letter, which was sent to Irish authorities in June and included details from a 2013 U.S. Senate report that raised questions about Apple's tax deal with Ireland.
Ireland tax rulings granted to Apple between 1991 and 2007 "do not comply with the arm's length principle" of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, the letter stated. That statement refers to how prices for goods and services are set between unrelated parties.
The letter noted that tax treatment of an Apple subsidiary located in Ireland was negotiated in 1991 by the two sides, rather than decided by market conditions.
"This ruling was applied by Apple for fifteen years without revision," the letter said. "Even if the initial agreement was considered to correspond to an arm's length profit allocation ... the open-ended duration of the 1991 ruling's validity calls into question the appropriateness of the method agreed between Irish Revenue and Apple to arrive to that allocation in the latter years of the ruling's application, given the possible changes to the economic environment and required remuneration levels."
The letter raised the potential that Ireland could be required to collect hefty back tax payments from Apple. However, the missive does not constitute evidence that Apple's tax deals with Ireland violated EU law over state aid for taxation purposes.
The investigation is ongoing, said Antoine Colombani, European Commission spokesman for competition, who added the regulator had no further comment at this time.
Apple shares closed up fractionally at $100.75 Tuesday.
"Apple is proud of its long history in Ireland and the 4,000 people we employ in Cork," the company said in a statement Tuesday. "Our success in Europe and around the world is the result of hard work and innovation by our employees, not any special arrangements with the government. Apple has received no selective treatment from Irish officials over the years. We're subject to the same tax laws as the countless other companies who do business in Ireland."
Additionally, Apple' Chief Financial Officer Luca Maestri, told the Financial Times Monday that "there's never been any special deal, there's never been anything that would be construed as state aid," from Ireland.
In a statement issued Tuesday, Ireland's Department of Finance said the European Commission action "is simply the next normal procedural step in the state aid investigation process.  At this stage, the Commission has not formally decided that there is state aid, only that it is formally examining this case."
Apple and Irish authorities will receive about a month to respond once the letter is formally published in the EU's official journal over the next few weeks, the commission said.
Separately, the European Commission said it is also examining Dutch taxation of U.S. coffee giant Starbucks ( SBUX ) on the company's operations in the Netherlands, as well as Luxembourg's tax treatment of Fiat Finance and Trade.
Starbucks in June said it had complied with all tax rules and laws. Similarly, Fiat said it was confident the European Commission would confirm the legitimacy of the tax ruling the Italy-based automaker had received from Luxembourg tax authorities.
The formal European Commission investigation follows the May 2013 U.S. Senate report that said Apple, world-famed for its iPhones and iPads, had also become synonymous with corporate tax avoidance.
Senate panel says Apple avoids billions in U.S. taxes
The report by the Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations concluded that Apple avoided tens of billions of dollars in U.S. taxes on its income by shifting the funds through a global web of offshore entities — including three that had no tax residency in any nation.
The three entities were run by some of Apple's top executives at the company's Cupertino, Calif., headquarters. But they were located, on paper, in Ireland, though they in some cases had no employees. One entity reported $30 billion in net income for 2009-2012, yet filed no corporate tax return and paid no income taxes to any government during those years, the report said.
Another Apple affiliate received $74 billion in sales income over four years, but paid taxes "on only a tiny fraction of that income," the report said.
Apple CEO defends tax tactics at Senate hearing
"We pay all the taxes we owe, every single dollar," Apple CEO Tim Cook testified at a hearing convened by the subcommittee in response to the report.
The European Commission letter to Irish officials shows that European Commission investigators had received and studied the subcommittee's findings.
"For more than a year, Apple and the Irish government have denied the company's special tax deal in Ireland that dramatically reduces Apple's global tax bill. The EU's investigation has confirmed what my Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations showed: that there is such a deal," Sen. Carl Levin, D-Mich., the panel's chairman, said Tuesday. "The public now has the minutes of negotiations on the agreement that Apple claims didn't exist, an agreement that won Apple a tax rate of less than 1%."
58 CONNECT 77 TWEET LINKEDIN 15 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1vso1jg
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

Wait for Jayalalithaa DA case verdict continues  AIADMK supporters throng BangaloreComments
The final verdict in an 18-year-old disproportionate  assets case against Tamil Nadu chief minister Jayalalithaa is going to be delivered in Bangalore soon.
The atmosphere in the Karnataka capital is tense, as thousands of AIADMK workers have thronged the city to show solidarity with their leader.
At least 5,000 policemen as well as paramilitary forces have been deployed to maintain peace. Traffic movement on the roads leading to the court has been affected. Buses and auto-rickshaws have stopped plying in the area.
Jayalalithaa's supporters have put up posters and hoardings over the city, saying, "Hearty welcome to Amma."
Authorities fear violence may hit the city if the court order goes against her. 
DA case: Jayalalithaa leaves home for Bangalore court, security beefed up
Police are taking no chances as they don’t want a repeat of a February 2000 incident, where three college students were burnt alive in Dharmapuri by AIADMK activists protesting against a special court verdict in which Jayalalithaa was sentenced to one year’s imprisonment.
Police have imposed prohibitory orders under section 144 of the CrPC in the vicinity of the court “to prevent any public disorder and loss of public property”.
Ahead of the crucial judgment, former finance minister and senior AIADMK leader C Ponnaiyan said the entire party was solidly behind Jayalalithaa and that even an adverse outcome in the 18-year old case would not affect either her or the party.
“Everyone knows that it was a case foisted by DMK chief Karunanidhi whose lifelong ambition is to finish off Jayalalithaa politically.  He teamed up with (Congress president) Sonia Gandhi in Delhi to fix Jayalalithaa and people understand all this,” Ponnaiyan said.
Jayalalithaa and three associates — her former close friend VK Sasikala, Sasikala’s nephew VN Sudhakaran and sister-in-law J Illavarasi — are accused of acquiring Rs. 66.65 crore worth of assets by corrupt means between 1991 and 1996 during her first tenure as CM.
The case was filed by the vigilance wing of the Tamil Nadu police in the same year during the tenure of the DMK government headed by M Karunanidhi.
The judgment, no matter what the outcome is, will hugely affect Tamil Nadu politics. The rejection of corruption charges against Jayalalithaa would further boost her image and add to her political firepower, ahead of the 2016 assembly elections.
An adverse judgment will dent her image and also give a chance for her political opponents to target her on the corruption issue.
The perception in the party is that if she is convicted, senior minister O Paneerselvam, who is known for his loyalty to Amma, would be asked to act as chief minister again.
In September 2001, when the Supreme Court had set aside Jayalalithaa's appointment as CM following her conviction in a corruption case, she had installed Paneerselvam as CM till she was acquitted of charges by the Madras high court.
But some AIADMK sources indicated that she would favour a non-politician this time to keep the seat warm till her return.
“Yes, alternate arrangements have been made, but the only person who knows what they are is Amma," said a senior AIADMK leader.
“Amma has come out in 12 of the 13 cases filed by the DMK. And she will come out of this case also,” another AIADMK leader said.
In case of an adverse judgment, it will be challenged in the Karnataka high court, as it was the appropriate body that had set up the special court to conduct trial in the assets case that was shifted to Bangalore from Chennai, fearing interference from Jayalalithaa.

Sensex  Nifty trade flat as RBI keeps key rates unchangedMarket update: BSE Sensex caps gains on selling in interest-sensitive stocks
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 30, 2014  | 17:58 IST
The Sensex had lost 29.21 points in the previous session (Photo: Reuters)
The BSE benchmark Sensex on Tuesday surrendered most of its early gains and closed a moderate 33 points higher on selling in interest-sensitive stocks like banking and realty, after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) kept interest rates unchanged in its bi-monthly monetary policy review.
In a highly volatile trade, the BSE sensex opened higher and rose to the day's high of 26,851.33, a jump of 254.22 points from its previous close , after RBI announced its bi-monthly policy. However, selling in banking and realty sector stocks and other blue-chip stocks, gave up most of its gain to close the session 33.40 points (or 0.13 per cent) higher at 26,630.51.
The 30-share barometer had lost 29.21 points on Monday after participants trimmed positions ahead of the RBI monetary policy review.
Similarly, the broader 50-share National Stock Exchange (NSE) Nifty, in two-way movements, finally settled 5.90 points (or 0.07 per cent) higher at 7,964.80 after touching the day's high of 8,030.90 and a low of 7,923.85.
Brokers said the central bank's decision to keep key policy rates unchanged was largely in line with investor expectations and had little impact on buying by participants but profit-booking at improved levels, minimised the gains, spread over a broad front.
The Reserve Bank, in its monetary policy, left the repo rate unchanged at 8 per cent, statutory liquidity ratio (SLR) at 22 per cent and the cash reserve ratio static at 4 per cent.
Global cues were not conducive as Asian markets ended lower after a Chinese manufacturing gauge missed estimates. European markets were also weak in early trades.
While 14 of the 30 Sensex scrips ended with gains led by Sun Pharma (up 2.77 per cent), HDFC (2.17 per cent) and Bajaj Auto (2 per cent), BHEL, Axis Bank and Hindalco remained major losers.
Sectorally, BSE Consumer Durabless index gained the most by rising 1.75 per cent, followed by Healthcare (1.35 per cent), Oil & Gas index (1.14 per cent) and FMCG index (0.66 per cent). However, Banking index shed 0.47 per cent, followed by Realty index (2.66 per cent) and Auto index (0.06 per cent).

15 rate sensitive stocks with upto 49% return in 6-12 monthsAshok Leyland
(RBI kept its key policy rates…)
NEW DELHI: The Reserve Bank of India (RBI), on expected lines, kept key policy rates unchanged in its monetary policy review on Tuesday. However, it warned of risks to its target on consumer inflation. The RBI plans to bring it down to 6 percent by January 2016.
India's central bank kept the policy repo rate under the liquidity adjustment facility (LAF) unchanged at 8.0 per cent and the cash reserve ratio (CRR) of scheduled banks unchanged at 4.0 per cent of net demand and time liabilities (NDTL).
"We think the main reason behind this is that RBI is holding the job of maintaining the Credibility of the processes like anti-inflation process while keeping in the consideration quite a lot of currency pressure," said Rohit Gadia, Founder & CEO, CapitalVia Global Research Limited.
"RBI has set a glide path for CPI inflation at 8 per cent by January 15 and 6 per cent by January 2016. So RBI can raise interest rate even in the next review if they see that CPI numbers are going out of ease," he added.
Since June, headline inflation has ebbed to levels which are consistent with the desired near-term glide path of disinflation -- 8 per cent by January 2015.
However, with international crude prices softening and relative stability in the foreign exchange market, some upside risks to inflation are receding, RBI said in a statement.
Therefore, the future policy stance will be influenced by the Reserve Bank's projections of inflation relative to the medium term objective (6 per cent by January 2016), while being contingent on incoming data.
"For market, the policy has come as per expectation and more importantly those expectations were managed way ahead of the policy so hopefully there should not be any reaction from the market," said Nilesh Shah, MD & CEO, Axis Capital.
Analysts do not expect rate cut anytime soon but the action will remain in individual stocks. Investors should bet on quality stocks from the rate-sensitive basket.
We have collated list of fifteen stocks which can give up to 49 per cent return in the next 6-12 months:
Analyst: Ranajit Kumar Saha, AVP - Technical Research at Microsec Capital Ltd
United Bank: Buy around 38-40 SL: 34 Target: 54
Rationale: United Bank has corrected almost 35 percent from its recent high of Rs 61.75 made on 4th July, 2014. Now the stock is likely to find a strong support at Rs 38 (near 200 DMA). We recommend accumulating the stock around 38-40 for the target of Rs 54.
M&M Finance: Buy around 270-280 SL: 230 Target: 340
Rationale: After making a recent high of 295.75 on 15th September, 2014, M&M Fin. Service Ltd. corrected almost 8 percent. Now it is expected to get a strong support near 265. We recommend initiating long position in the stock with stop loss of Rs 230 for the target price of Rs 340.
Ashok Leyland Ltd.: Buy around 40-41 SL: 33 Target: 54
Rationale: Ashok Leyland Ltd. has given a bullish break out at Rs 40 with decant volumes on monthly chart.The stock expected to test Rs 54 in the near future. We recommend initiating long positions in the stock with stop loss of Rs 33
  IDFC: Buy around 135-140 SL: 120 Target: 173
Rationale: IDFC has corrected almost 18 percent from its recent high of Rs 166.65 made on 21st July, 2014. The stock is likely to find a strong support near Rs 135. We recommend accumulating the stock around 135-140 for the target of Rs 173.
IndusInd Bank: Buy around 610-630 SL: 578 Target: 698
Rationale: IndusInd Bank Ltd. is in continuous uptrend since last March, 2014. The stock is likely to test Rs 698 in the short term. We recommend initiating long position in the stock with stop loss of Rs 578.
Analyst: Kiran Kumar Kavikondala, Director & CEO, WealthRays Securities
TVS Motors (CMP- Rs. 228.60; Target- Rs. 250.00)
Any positive surprise from RBI or with a status quo auto sector stocks are likely to gain ahead of the festive season. Automobile sales in India has picked up after May'14 with the sector showing strong signs of revival. Volume growth is clearly seen in the month of August with the company delivering 46% volume growth in August 2013. With two wheeler and three wheeler segment picking up and October, being a festive season may trigger further growth. Easing liquidity in markets may cause increased disposable income and increased demand and also alter cost of funds for auto sector.
Axis Bank Ltd. (CMP: 385, Target: 435-440)
Banks have dipped significantly over the last 1 week as Investors have remained cautious ahead of RBI Monetary policy decisions. The RBI Policy, however, is expected to provide relief to Banks as RBI is unlikely to take any major decision regarding interest rates. The recent Inflation data has been good and taking cues from Fed Policy Meet earlier this month, RBI is expected to maintain status quo regarding interest rates. Such an event would bring money inflows into Axis Bank and the stock is expected to rally.
DLF (CMP: 158, Target: 185-195)

No relief yet for Jayalalithaa  bail plea hearing set for October 6High court to hear Jaya’s bail plea today
Sudipto Mondal , Hindustan Times  Bangalore, September 30, 2014
First Published: 09:51 IST(30/9/2014) | Last Updated: 02:03 IST(1/10/2014)
Comments
The Karnataka high court has agreed to hear former Tamil Nadu CM Jayalalithaa's appeal against her conviction on a priority basis. The matter will be heard on Wednesday by a specially constituted vacation bench.
The significant turn of events came hours after a vacation bench on Tueaday morning adjourned the matter to October 6. The adjournment order was issued after the Karnataka government failed to appoint a public prosecutor to contest the challenge mounted by Jayalalithaa's legal team.
Her lawyers immediately approached the high court registrar and the chief justice seeking urgent hearing of the matter.
They submitted that the matter should be treated as an exception as the continued incarceration of Jayalalithaa was causing law and order problems in Tamil Nadu.
 
They also argued that the AIADMK leader's health was unstable. Contesting the need for a public prosecutor to file objections, her lawyers cited sections of the CrPC and said that when the sentence is less than 10 years the judge of a higher court can adjudicate the appeal on merits without seeking the view of the prosecutor.
Jaya refuses to meet Panneerselvam
Former Tamil Nadu CM Jayalalithaa on Wednesday refused to meet O Panneerselvam, the man she has entrusted with the job of holding the CM's chair until she gets the relief she's hoping for from the court.
Panneerselvam was camping in the city since Monday evening for a chance to meet his jailed leader and seek her blessings. He landed in the city shortly after he was administered the oath of office by the Tamil Nadu governor.
He returned disappointed after jail authorities told him that Jayalalithaa had refused to meet him. Jail sources told HT that her cell is far from the visitor's area and she was not in a physical state to walk the distance.

Gautam Adani denies speaking on behalf of PM Modi to Rajdeep SardesaiYou are here: Home > Collections > Incident
Gautam Adani denies speaking on behalf of PM Narendra Modi to journalist Rajdeep Sardesai
Rohini Singh, ET Bureau Sep 30, 2014, 03.57PM IST
Tags:
Gautam Adani
(Adani was emphatic that…)
NEW DELHI: Adani group chairman Gautam Adani has clarified that he was not speaking on behalf of Prime Minister Narendra Modi when he had a conversation with journalist Rajdeep Sardesai about his fracas with alleged BJP supporters at Madison Square Garden on Sunday.
Adani told ET from Washington DC that he had "bumped into" Sardesai at a restaurant in DC where I asked him about the incident and said "no leader would support such behaviour. And Modi is no exception."
"I met Rajdeep at an Indian restaurant in DC last evening where we chatted for a few minutes. The topic of his manhandling came up where I told him that no leader will approve such kind of incident and Modi is no exception. Rajdeep told me about this incident in detail and said he regretted what had happened. He said the crowd had abused his son which had upset him greatly, " said Adani.
Adani was emphatic that the PM had had no conversation with him on the issue and neither was he asked to convey anything to Sardesai. "Why would the PM discuss such a small issue," said Adani.
FEATURED ARTICLES

IVRCL puts Rs 4K cr assets for sale to ease ...You are here: Home > Collections
IVRCL puts up Rs 4,000 crore assets for sale to ease debt burden
PTI Sep 30, 2014, 04.11PM IST
Tags:
Corporate Debt Restructuring Empowered Group
(Corporate Debt Restructuring…)
HYDERABAD: Cash strapped infrastructure major IVRCL Ltd has put up Rs 4,000 crore worth of assets for sale and expects to come out of debt burden in the next two years once the sale is successful, a senior official has said.
IVRCL Ltd Chairman and Managing Director E Sudhir Reddy said the assets for sale includeRoad projects both operational and under construction and Desalination plant in Chennai.
"We will be selling the BOT projects and come out of debt in two years. The debt component on the main company is not much. On the EBITDA side there is profit in the company. We are servicing more of interest component (on the loans)," Reddy, told PTI on the sidelines of recently held Annual General Meeting here.
Corporate Debt Restructuring Empowered Group had earlier approved the company's proposal for a debt recast package of Rs 7,300 crore.
IVRCL is facing cash crunch due to economic slowdown, higher interest charges, and slower pace of execution of projects. As part of debt recast, IVRCL is also eligible to get a fresh loan of Rs 175 crore that can be used towards meeting working capital requirements besides getting Rs 1,400 crore bank guarantees among other facilities.
IVRCL is currently engaged in discussion with Tata Group firm TRIL Roads Pvt Ltd to offload three road projects. However, no binding term sheet has been signed by both the parties, he said.
Reddy said that IVRCL owns seven road projects, including three operational and expects Rs 1.85 crore from toll collection daily once all the projects become operational.
The company holds a 75 per cent stake in Chennai Water Desalination Ltd (CWDL), which invested around Rs 600 crore to set up a 100 million litres a day seawater desalination plant in Chennai on a build, own, operate and transfer (BOOT) basis for 25 years.
The other 25 per cent stake is held by Spanish partner Befesa Agua, which brought in the technology to purify sea water and convert it into potable water. IVRCL invested about Rs 240 crore as equity, raising the balance money through debt.
IVRCL achieved a gross turnover of Rs 4,305 crore for the 12 months period ended March 31, 2014 as against Rs 3,759 crore for the previous financial year (9 months period). It suffered Rs 717 crore loss during the last fiscal.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Apple suppliers ready for iPhone 6 demand in...With iPhone 6 approved in China, Apple suppliers ready for demand
By Reuters | 30 Sep, 2014, 03.45PM IST
Apple sold a record 10 million iPhone 6 handsets in the first weekend after their launch, which excluded China. (Photo Courtesy: EPA)
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
TAIPEI: With the launch of Apple's eagerly anticipated iPhone 6 finally on the horizon for Chinese fans, the US company's supply chain is geared up and ready to deal with any surge in demand from the world's largest smartphone market.
The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus are slated for an Oct 17 release on all three of China's wireless carriers, Apple said on Tuesday. The company fixed the date after addressing software security concerns raised by regulators, which delayed the launch in China beyond the Sept 19 of several other countries.
Apple's suppliers said the delay did not have an impact on production, and are confident they can keep up with demand when the new, larger iPhone models hit China. Analysts expect the phones to prove very popular with many of the country's 1.27 billion mobile subscribers, for whom bigger iPhone screens have long been on their wish lists.
A spokesman for Taiwan-based iPhone assembler Pegatron Corp estimated the company is currently operating at 80 to 90 per cent of full capacity across the devices it makes for an array of clients.
"Our capacity around this time of the year always faces a certain amount of pressure, though this year isn't any worse than other years," he said.
Others in the supply chain also said they weren't even producing iPhones at full capacity yet. One supplier is increasing capacity as it has to fill 8 million orders per month, but hasn't seen any delays, a person at the supplier said.
"We aren't seeing any unexpected order demand because of China right now," said another person at a major supplier, who declined to be identified because of how closely Apple guards information on iPhone production.
"Everything is operating on schedule," the person said.
Another person at a major supplier, who also declined to be identified, said that at least for the suppliers, end demand hasn't outstripped supply expectations.
"Sometimes it is funny that when it comes to the retailers, you hear about consumers having to wait a few weeks for their iPhone," the person said.
"But this may not be because the supply chain has a bottleneck, it may have to do with retailing strategy of individual retailers."
DOMESTIC PREFERENCE
Research firm Gartner projects Apple will sell 10 million iPhone 6 units per quarter in China, a market the US smartphone maker has often slated as one of its most important.
But one supplier in Japan expressed less optimism about the iPhone 6. The supplier expects Chinese carriers to be less keen than their Japanese counterparts to sell the phone because they could show greater preference for domestically produced models.
"I doubt that China sales of the iPhone 6 will have as big an impact there as with the iPhone 5S and 5C," said the person, who was not authorised to speak with media.
The cheapest model, the iPhone 6 with 16GB of storage, carries a suggested retail price in China of 5,288 yuan ($860.16) while the most expensive, the iPhone 6 Plus with 128GB of storage, has a 7,799 yuan ($1,266.82) price tag.
Apple sold a record 10 million iPhone 6 handsets in the first weekend after their launch, which excluded China. Last year, the US tech firm sold 9 million iPhone 5S and 5C models in 11 countries, including China, in the same period.
The Cupertino, California-based company said iPhone sales in China grew 50 per cent in April-June from a year earlier, effectively salvaging an otherwise lacklustre quarter. The strong sales came despite signs that Chinese consumers were waiting for the iPhone 6, analysts said.

360 nominations rejectedPrint
Express News Service | Chadnigrah| New Delhi | Posted: September 30, 2014 4:40 pm
The nominations of 360 candidates were rejected on Monday after the scrutiny of their nomination papers for forthcoming Vidhan Sabha polls in Haryana. “The nomination papers of 1,925 candidates were scrutinised. Now there are 1,565 candidates still remaining which includes 1,403 male and 162 woman candidates. After scrutiny, minimum of seven candidates were left in Shahbad Assembly Constituency whereas maximum of 40 candidates were left in Assandh Assembly Constituency,” said Shrikant Walgad, Chief Electoral Officer, Haryana. Candidates would be able to withdraw their candidature by October 1, after which the final picture of total candidates in the fray will be clear. Polling will be held on October 15 and counting of votes would take place on October 19.
Another turncoat joins INLD
He contested the recent Lok Sabha polls on a Congress ticket from Ambala parliamentary constituency but quit the party to join the BJP. On Monday, Rajkumar Balmiki was on the move again as he deserted the BJP and joined the INLD. His joining was announced by senior INLD leaders during a press conference addressed by Abhay Chautala here on Monday. On why he quit the BJP as well, Balmiki said that he was not happy with the ideologies and policies of the saffron outfit.
Govt buses can’t display poll ads
New Delhi: With Maharashtra and Haryana set for Assembly polls next month, the Election Commission on Monday ruled out allowing display of election advertisements on government transport buses, saying the party in power can use it to its advantage and disturb the level-playing field. In a communication to chief electoral officers, the EC referred to the issue of allowing election-related advertisements on state road transportation and municipal corporation buses. “ A party should not be in a position to take undue advantage on account of it being in power….the buses of the SRTC are virtually under the control of the state government concerned….,” the EC said.

Gujarat Snoopgate  officer Pradeep Sharma arrested for graftSnoopgate fame IAS officer arrested over corruption
Mahesh Langa , Hindustan Times  Ahmedabad, September 30, 2014
First Published: 13:54 IST(30/9/2014) | Last Updated: 02:02 IST(1/10/2014)
Gujarat police arrested suspended bureaucrat Pradeep Sharma – who accused the erstwhile state government with Narendra Modi as the chief minister of snooping on a female architect –over corruption charges on Tuesday.
Suspended IAS officer Pradeep Sharma has been arrested by Gujarat police in a graft case. (AFP Photo)
Sharma’s arrest came a day after the Enforcement Directorate (ED) attached his properties in Gandhinagar.
The suspended IAS officer’s name also figured in the so-called snoopgate tapes released in the run-up to the Lok Sabha polls by two private portals, which had conversations between Amit Shah, the state home minister at the time, and IPS officer GL Singhal regarding surveillance on a woman in Ahmedabad.
The portals said Shah was heard asking Singhal to track movements of the architect, her family members and also Pradeep Sharma, who was the municipal commissioner of Bhavnagar.
Sharma even, unsuccessfully, appealed to the Supreme Court to order that an FIR be registered against Narendra Modi, who was the Gujarat chief minister at the time, and Amit Shah, in connection with the case.
Sharma is accused of causing a loss of Rs. 1.2 crore to the state exchequer by allotting government land to a Kutch-based industrial unit, Welspun, at throwaway prices during his tenure as the area collector in 2003-04.
The ED seized a piece of land in Dehgam village near Gandhinagar and a portion of Sharma’s bungalow in the state capital under prevention of money laundering act. The agency is now probing whether Sharma’s US-based wife received any undue favours from Welspun as quid pro quo.
Sharma, 59, was suspended by the government in 2010 after he was arrested on corruption charges, but was later granted bail. Last month, the Supreme Court rejected his plea seeking a CBI probe in five cases filed against him by the Gujarat government.

RComm plans sub-Rs 20K cr debt in two yearsAman Shah and Nivedita Bhattacharjee     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 30, 2014  | 17:21 IST
Reliance Communications aims to bring debt under Rs 20,000 cr in two years
Reliance Communications Ltd aims to bring its debt to under Rs 20,000  crore in the next 24 months, Chairman Anil Ambani told shareholders on  Tuesday.
Reliance Communications , India's fourth-biggest mobile phone operator, is the most leveraged among publicly traded telecom carriers. The company had a debt of Rs 35,500 crore  as of August 14.
Ambani also said Reliance Communications , which has a market value of roughly $5 billion, would participate in spectrum auctions when they come up next year, to be able to launch fourth-generation (4G) telecommunications services in the country.
(Reuters)

Afghanistan  US sign long-awaited securitypactCounselor to U.S. president John D. Podesta, right, speaks as U.S. ambassador to Afghanistan James Cunnigham listens during a news conference at the U.S. embassy in Kabul, Afghanistan. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Kabul | Posted: September 30, 2014 4:48 pm | Updated: September 30, 2014 4:50 pm
Afghanistan and the United States have signed a long-awaited security pact that will allow U.S. forces to remain in the country past the end of year.
At a Tuesday ceremony in the capital, Kabul, newly appointed national security adviser Mohmmad Hanif Atmar signed the document along with U.S. Ambassador James Cunningham.
President Ashraf Ghani Ahmadzai, who was sworn into office a day earlier, told the assembled crowd that the agreement signaled a fundamental shift in the country’s relations with the world.
“This agreement is only for Afghan security and stability,” he said.

Hooda threatens stir for higher ricepriceComments
Haryana CM Bhupinder Singh Hooda inspects rice grains at Tarawadi Grain Market on Monday. (Source: PTI)
Haryana Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda Tuesday threatened to sit on dharna if the Centre failed to ensure better prices of rice for farmers. He said that had he not been holding a constitutional post, he would have sat on dharna today itself.
A statement issued by the government read, “Haryana CM Bhupinder Singh Hooda today warned the Centre that he may take a drastic step like sitting on dharna in Taraori mandi along with farmers if the central government did not take immediate measures to ensure better prices of rice for farmers.”
During a discussion with farmers in Taraori and Guhla Cheeka, Hooda attacked the Centre for fall in prices of Basmati and cotton. He also attacked the BJP for increase in diesel prices and drought issues.
“I cannot see farmers suffer because of low prices of produce, especially rice. I am ready to launch a struggle with them. I had already written to the Centre seeking a ban on rice export”, Hooda told the farmers. He is on a statewide tour, campaigning for Congress candidates.
“In the last 10 years of UPA rule at the Centre and Congress rule in Haryana, a great deal of development has taken place. Farmers in Haryana benefitted and the rate of interest on crop loan was reduced. It will not be changed in future if we are voted to power,” Hooda told the farmers.
Hooda also attacked the BJP for not being able to declare its chief ministerial candidate till date.

Vote banks set to be divided amid parties castecalculationsVote banks set to be divided amid parties’ caste calculations
Written by Varinder Bhatia | Chandigrah |       September 30, 2014 4:32 pm
Comments
The vote banks represented by particular communities are set to get divided in the Haryana Assembly polls as caste is a major factor in selection of candidates by most parties.
Parties have picked members from the dominant community in particular constituencies to tap specific vote banks. Candidates have been picked from communities such as Baniya, Muslim, Punjabi, Gujjar and Jat.
For instance, three Baniya candidates — Devender Kumar Bansal from Congress, Gian Chand Gupta from BJP and Kulbhushan Goyal from INLD — are in a triangular contest in Panchkula. D K Bansal is the incumbent MLA from Panchkula, where 23 candidates have filed nominations.
Similarly, the constituency of Kalka will see a triangular contest among members of the Punjabi community. While INLD has fielded its incumbent MLA Pradeep Chaudhary, BJP has fielded Latika Sharma while Congress has chosen Manveer Kaur Gill. In all, there are 17 coontestants.
Hisar also faces a tight contest among the Baniya community. Congress candidate Savitri Jindal will face Dr Kamal Gupta of the BJP. At least four other candidates of the Baniya community have filed nominations from Hisar seat.
In southern Haryana, dominated by Muslim population, parties have fielded their candidates accordingly. Incumbent Congress MLA Aftab Ahmed from Nuh will face competition from INLD’s Zakir Hussain and Akil Ahmed of BSP. Congress rebel Venod Sharma’s newly constituted Jan Chetna Party has also fielded a Muslim candidate, Abdul Rahim from Nuh seat.
Ferozepur-Jhirka constituency, which is also dominated by Muslims, also has Azad Mohammad from the Congress and INLD’s Naseem Ahmed. BJP’s Alam Mundal, also from the same community, will add to a tight contest in the Assembly segment presently represented by Naseem Ahmed of INLD.
As many as 1,972 candidates have filed nominations so far. The highest number of candidates, 44, filed nomination from Bhiwani Assembly constituency, while Naraingarh and Nuh have the lowest nominations, 11 each.

The countdown beginsUpdated: September 30, 2014 17:26 IST
The countdown begins
The Hindu Follow some rules before running the marathon. Photo: J Manoharan
TOPICS
human interest
Four days to go for the Vodafone Coimbatore Marathon 2014. Here’s a quick recap of things to remember
On Thursday, October 2, run as little as possible. Make sure you do your stretches. Check your body for any nagging issues that could bother you on race day. If anything concerns you, consult a doctor.
Ensure you eat a carbohydrates-rich diet for the next three days. Avoid alcohol and get at least eight hours of sleep. Buy some-gel based sweets or energy bars to consume while running.
Buy a chafing or anti-friction skin cream to apply on race day. Most often, chafing occurs around the bra line (women), nipples (men), inner thighs, and under the arms. Alternately, use petroleum jelly or body gel.
Accessories
Set aside the clothes and shoes you plan to wear for the event. Make sure these are ones you have already used in training. Go in for clothing that will wick away the sweat from your body quickly and keep your body dry and cool while running. Wearing full sleeved t-shirts while running in the sun will reduce water loss.
Use well-fitting broken-in shoes or breathable shoes. Seamless and form fitting socks made from synthetic fibres will minimise the chances of blisters. One can also apply anti-perspirant gel.
Saturday
At the pre-marathon expo, visit the various medical sponsor stalls for some key last-minute inputs on safe running.
You will find information on hydration, blister control, suitable clothing, energy bar use, warm-up protocol, recovery from running protocol and injury prevention.
Qualified professionals will answer running-related queries. Bring your shoe for an evaluation. Have an early night.
D-Day
Wake up two hours before the race time, have a quick snack (bread, energy or granola bar or banana).
Pack your race bib, petroleum jelly or any other anti-chafing lotion.
Also pack sunscreen, lip balm with sunscreen, hat or cap, safety pins, water bottle, music gadget, watch to clock your time, sunglasses, energy bar or gel.
Pack in extra socks, extra shirt and shorts/pants (to change into after the race) along with two towels.
Sip water until 30 minutes before the race.
Use one of the porter loos at the venue before you reach the line.
Join the group warm-up exercises for metabolic activation.
Post-race
Do not indulge in any heavy activity for 24 hours after the race. The body needs to recover from the oxygen deficit it has undergone. Have easy digestible food such as fruits, banana and energy bar. The main meals should largely comprise carbohydrates.
(The author is a sports physiotherapist and founder of Movement Solutions. He works with Ortho One.)

RBI projects GDP growth at 6.3 per cent in FY16RBI projects GDP growth to accelerate to 6.3 per cent in FY16
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 30, 2014  | 13:55 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The Reserve Bank of India on Tuesday said the country's GDP growth, which it estimates to be 5.5 per cent in the current fiscal, will improve to 6.3 per cent in 2015-16.
"For 2014-15, real GDP growth is projected to lie between 5 and 6 per cent, with a central estimate of 5.5 per cent... For 2015-16, real GDP growth is projected to rise to 6.3 per cent," RBI said in its monetary policy report released on Tuesday.
The central bank said that the 5.7 per cent growth in the first quarter of the current fiscal surprised on the upside and stated that the same has slackened in the second quarter.
One of the major contributors for the decline in growth will be the monsoon deficiency, which also affects non-agricultural sectors through demand effects, the RBI report said.
However, the GDP will grow towards the end of the fiscal, it said, adding that an improvement in exports driven by positive sentiments in the global markets and an increase in the yield-chasing fund inflows into the country will be the primary contributors for the rise.
A survey of professional forecasters conducted by the central bank pegged the growth for 2014-15 at 5.5 per cent and expects a major improvement in the number to 6.5 per cent in fiscal.
On the risks to growth, RBI said uncertainties around global recovery, any adverse effect on the commodity prices, a below-normal monsoon in the next fiscal, a depreciation in the rupee and inabilities to augment supply capacities are the biggest detrimental factors.
It can be noted that the country has had two consecutive fiscals of sub-5 per cent growth and clocked a growth of 4.7 per cent in the FY14.
Even though the April-June quarter growth at 5.7 per cent was healthy, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan said the recovery process in the country is "uneven", pointing to data releases like a fall in factory output during July.

Web Edit: Is it love lost between Naveen and media in OrissaPrint
Written by Debabrata Mohanty | Bhubaneswar | Posted: September 30, 2014 1:37 pm
For most parts of his rule in last 14 years, chief minister Naveen Patnaik and other leaders of his party Biju Janata Dal hardly had any problems with newspapers and TV channels. There were occasional darts thrown at Naveen by media over some scam, but no one lost their sleep. Naveen was happy giving two-minute soundbytes to waiting camerapersons at Secretariat while his MLAs and ministers were a regular presence in studios of local TV channels.
Fourteen years later and riding brute majority in the Assembly in the 4th successive term, the party suddenly appears to feel besieged from media. At least two of its senior leaders have complained to chief minister and home secretary over mediapersons hounding them out. The government has acted swiftly by clamping down on entry of TV journalists to State Secretariat and imposing several unwritten restrictions on access of accreditated journalists into the chambers of ministers.
The relationship started souring since August when newspapers and TV channels alleged that Rajya Sabha MP and his political advisor Kalpataru Das and his MLA son Pranab Balbantray had acquired several flats from Bhubaneswar Development Authority under discretionary quota through false affidavits. Under sustained fire, Kalpataru’s son had to return two of his flats, but soon there were allegations of his involvement in landgrabbing incident on the outskirts of Bhubaneswar.
The Revenue and disaster management minister too found himself in a controversy after allegations that the house he was staying in Bhubaneswar for last 17 years, was actually allotted to his doctor wife for running a nursing home. The government served notice on the minister while Routray unsuccessfully tried to turn his house into a ‘nursing home’ overnight by hanging a plaque outside. Naveen was embarrassed further when senior party MLA Pravat Tripathy was interrogated by CBI on September 16 evening for over 6 hours.
On September 15 noon, revenue minister Routray turned physical with mediapersons in his chamber when TV crew of a few channels entered his chamber in State Secretariat to seek his views on alleged landgrabbing incidents involving leaders of his party. Routray almost threw the assembled mediapersons out of his chamber.
The TV journalists then sat on dharna outside his room protesting his action. Next day, former party chief whip and Banki MLA Pravat Tripathy was chased by mediapersons when he came out of CBI office after a marathon interrogation session over chit fund group Artha Tatwa. During the chase, Tripathy slipped and fell which led to an altercation between his men and journalists.
The matter may have been forgotten, but for complaints lodged by Routray and Tripathy. In a complaint to home secretary on September 15, Routray said that when he refused to give statement to the TV journalists on landgrabbing issue, they uttered provocative language. “They did not even allow me to go to toilet and threatened me that they would sit in front of my office chamber on strike if I do not give any statement. The incident shows blatant violation of minimum ethics by the electronic mediapersons continued…

Fireworks industry gets PM s  Make in India  push: Govt bans Chinese crackersIndia tightens grip over illegal import of Chinese crackers
PTI Sep 30, 2014, 03.05PM IST
Tags:
Chinese crackers
(Clarifying on the claims…)
CHENNAI: Tightening its grip over illegal import of Chinese crackers which are reportedly flooding the Indian market, the Centre has issued a public notification warning importers and public of the legal consequences they would face if involved with it.
"We have taken action. Last night we have issued a notification and advertisement that it is illegal to sell imported crackers in retail, since there has been no permit given to anyone to import crackers. If found in markets, investigation would be made on how it found its way into India," Minister of State (Independent Charge) for Commerce and Industry Nirmala Sitharaman said.
Speaking to reporters on the sidelines of a function here, she said her Ministry has also written to all Chief Ministers to take action against those responsible.
"Advertisements and public notifications would follow on under what sections this act is illegal," she said.
Clarifying on the claims by some that permits were obtained under the Explosives Act, she said specific permission has to be taken to import crackers.
"But I am making it clear here that no permission has been given to anyone for importing crackers. So, illegal import, possession and selling of crackers from other countries is undoubtedly a crime."
The Minister also urged the public to report to local police any such case of sale of imported crackers.
"Last week, tracing some imported crackers, the Customs confiscated a container in Mumbai. We are acting very seriously on the issue," Sitharaman, also Minister of State for Finance and Corporate Affairs, said.
She recalled a meeting last month with representatives from the firecrackers industry from Tamil Nadu, where they complained of Chinese crackers illegally entering the markets through sea and posing a major threat to their livelihood.
Firecrackers is one of the major industries in Tamil Nadu, centered around Sivakasi and is the source of livelihood for lakhs of families. A sizeable printing industry is also dependent on this sector.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Iran to help Lebanon army fight extremistsLebanese army officers salute during the funeral procession for two soldiers killed Friday by a roadside bomb, during their funeral procession at the Lebanese army hospital, in Beirut, Lebanon, on Saturday, Sept. 20, 2014. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Beirut | Posted: September 30, 2014 3:37 pm
Iran will supply the Lebanese army with military equipment to be used in fighting Muslim extremist groups, a visiting senior Iranian official said on Tuesday.
The announcement marks the first time that Iran has said it would give Lebanon military assistance. Tehran has offered help in the past but such offers did not materialize because of sharp divisions among Lebanese political groups over Iran.
Iran is the main backer of Lebanon’s militant Hezbollah group, which has a force more powerful than the Lebanese national army. The group has thousands of rockets and missiles — many of them from Iran.
Ali Shamkhani, secretary of Iran’s Supreme National Security Council, did not elaborate on the type of military equipment that Iran would provide. He told reporters in Beirut on Tuesday that the details would be announced during an upcoming visit by Lebanon’s defense minister to Tehran.
A Lebanese military official told The Associated Press that any military grant from Iran to Lebanon would still need the approval of the Lebanese government. The official spoke on condition of anonymity in line with regulations.
For the past two months, the Lebanese army has been fighting Muslim militants near the border with Syria. In early August, extremists crossed into Lebanon from Syria, capturing 20 soldiers and policemen. Two of the soldiers have since been beheaded and one has been killed in captivity.
Hezbollah has used the threat posed by the Islamic State group in neighboring Syria to justify sending its militia to fight alongside Syrian President Bashar Assad’s forces.
The U.S. has also recently sent several arms shipments to Lebanese troops to fight extremists.
After Lebanon, Shamkhani is to visit neighboring Syria later Tuesday for talks with Syrian officials

More and more French joining Mideast jihadFrench interior minister Bernard Cazeneuve delivers his speech during a press conference in Paris. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Paris | Posted: September 30, 2014 3:49 pm | Updated: September 30, 2014 3:57 pm
France’s interior minister says the number of French radicals joining extremists in Syria and Iraq has soared this year, saying that justifies a tough new anti-terrorist law adopted this month.
Bernard Cazeneuve said on RTL radio Tuesday that the number of French radicals in the region has grown 74 percent this year, to about 1,000 people. That figure includes those who traveled there or back and 200 people who hope to go.
Cazeneuve said authorities are monitoring a French member of the Islamic State group identified by the U.S. State Department last week as one of 10 “Specially Designated Global Terrorists” targeted by new sanctions.
France was the first country to join U.S. airstrikes against Islamic State extremists and has increased its monitoring of French people suspected of joining them.

Accept self-attested documents to open accou...Bank
(RBI has asked banks to "allow…)
MUMBAI: The Reserve Bank today relaxed 'know your customer' norms by allowing self-certification of documents needed for opening bank accounts.
"With a view to easing difficulties faced by common persons while opening bank accounts and during periodic updating, guidelines on KYC will be further simplified with immediate effect," the central bank said in its monetary policy statement.
RBI has asked banks to "allow self-certification; accept a certified copy of the document by mail/post" for account opening.
Banks have also been asked not to seek fresh documents if an existing KYC compliant customer of a bank desires to open another account in the bank.
For periodic updating of KYC, the RBI told the banks not "insist on physical presence of the customer" and also not seek fresh proof of identity and address in case of no change in status for 'low risk' customers.
The Reserve Bank further said there is a need for banks to complete KYC for all customers including long standing 'low risk' customers.
"Banks should complete documentation, while minimising the effort on the part of the customer to what is strictly needed," it said.
In the event that customers are unable to comply within a reasonable time period, 'partial freezing' may be introduced in respect of KYC non-compliant customers, RBI added.
This means credits would be allowed in such accounts while debits would not be allowed, with an option to the account holder to close the account and take back the money in the account.
FEATURED ARTICLES

AMU Registrar resigns citing health  2 hrs later claims did it underduressPrint
Written by Hamza Khan | Lucknow | Posted: September 30, 2014 5:20 pm
A sections of students led a protest and allegedly manhandled some officials at Aligarh Muslim University Monday after the vice-chancellor accepted the resignation of Registrar Shahrukh Shamshad who two hours later tried to retract it claiming that he had been “forced to resign under duress”.
The resignation comes weeks after the office of the Vice-President of India asked Union Ministry of Human Resource Development (MHRD) to look into the complaints of alleged manipulations in the appointment of Shamshad’s appointment as Registrar.
Vice-Chancellor Lt Gen (Retd) Zameeruddin Shah, refused Shamshad’s request for retraction of the resignation letter.
“The Registrar had tendered his resignation on “health grounds” at 9:30 am and the same was accepted by the Vice-Chancellor at 10 am. Later, the Registrar sent an email at 11:26 am alleging he had resigned under duress. But once a resignation is promulgated, it cannot be retracted,” University spokesperson Dr Rahat Abrar said.
He said Shamshad’s allegations were baseless and the “V-C has not allowed him to retract the resignation”.
Dr Afsar Ali Khan, an assistant professor in the electrical engineering department, has been appointed as the officiating Registrar until the selection of a new Registrar.
Questioning the manner in which the Registrar was “removed”, some students later protested outside the V-C office, allegedly manhandling the officials accompanying Shah. “About 250-300 of us had gone to the V-C to inquire about the condemnable circumstances under which the Registrar was forced to resign. He did meet us but did not give any satisfactory answer,” said student leader Kunwar Mohammad Ahmad, from second year MA (Political Science). He, however, claimed that the students did not misbehave with the staff.
Expressing “surprise” over the protests, Abrar said that the matter does not concern the students.
Notably, taking cognizance of a representation by former AMU student union president Shahzad Alam ‘Barni’, the under-secretary to Vice-President Hamid Ansari, Mahitab Singh, had sent a representation to MHRD urging “appropriate action,” with regards to the complaints in the appointment of the Registrar.
Using special powers, the V-C had appointed Shamshad as Registrar on ad-hoc basis on May 17, 2012. The post was advertised a month later on June 16, 2012.
But, Alam had alleged that as per an RTI reply, instead of 45 days given to respond to the advertisement, it was extended to two months as Shamshad did not meet the mandatory criteria of having a Master’s degree and was waiting for his “fake”degree to arrive. The Registrar had said that he did extend the date of responding against the advertisement as he was waiting for his degree to arrive but maintained that it was genuine.
RTI replies further showed that Shamshad received his Master’s degree from the controversial Eastern Institute for Integrated Learning in Management (EIILM), Sikkim, on August 27, 2012, which was after his appointment as Registrar. Last year, the V-C and registrar of EIILM were arrested for issuing fake degrees and the UGC also asked it to discontinue all distance mode courses.
Alam had also alleged that as per RTI replies, Shamshad did his MBA between January 2010 continued…

BPCC dissolved  Rahul Gandhi urged to lead march inPatnaPress Trust of India | Patna | Posted: September 30, 2014 5:16 pm
Aiming to strengthen the party before the 2015 Assembly elections in Bihar, on Tuesday Congress dissolved Bihar PCC and committees in the district and block levels with immediate effect and urged party vice-president Rahul Gandhi to lead a public march here on November 23.
“Congress president Sonia Gandhi accepted my proposal to dissolve and reconstitute party committees in the state. She has sent an email to continue with the proposal and take appropriate action. We have dissolved BPCC, all district committees and block committees with immediate effect,” Bihar Congress president Ashok Chaudhary told reporters.
The BPCC would be reconstituted by December 30 and the dissolved district Congress committees will be formed afresh by November 30 and its block committees by December 15. Till the reconstitution work is completed, the district in-charge of membership campaign will take care of the party’s day to day work.
“This time DCC presidents will be allowed to choose block committee presidents. Experience will be given priority in selecting members of BPCC,” Chaudhary said.
Reacting to questions on the need to reconstitute the committees, Chaudhary said it was being done because the performance of many of its office-bearers was below expectation. Party leaders who have performed well will be recalled in the reconstituted committees.
The Bihar Congress leader said Rahul Gandhi has been invited to lead ‘Samajik Sadbhavana March’ in Patna on November 23.
The public march will commence from Gandhi Maidan in the heart of the city and will end at Raj Bhavan about six km away, he said.
“BJP is inciting communal tension and issuing political statements trying to harming social amity after coming to power at the Centre. Ours is a land of communal harmony and we need to counter the BJP designs. The march led by Rahul Gandhi will be aimed at it,” he said.
A 28-member-committee has been formed to oversee preparations for the march. Party legislators, former BPCC presidents, Youth Congress office-bearers and NSUI Bihar members will be part of it, Chaudhary added.

August infrastructure output growth hits 2-month highCoal
(India's annual infrastructure…)
NEW DELHI: Led by healthy growth in coal , cement and electricity sectors, the eight core industries grew by 5.8 per cent in August this year against 4.7 per cent in the same month last year.
The sectors of coal, cement and electricity grew by 13.4 per cent, 10.3 per cent and 12.6 per cent, respectively, in the month under review, according to the data released by the Commerce and Industry Ministry.
Steel production expanded by 9.1 per cent in August this year as against 8.1 per cent in August 2013.
However, production of crude oil and natural gas declined by 4.9 per cent and 8.3 per cent respectively. Refinery products and fertiliser sectors too recorded negative growth of 4.3 per cent and 4.3 per cent respectively.
During April-August, the eight sectors grew by 4.4 per cent, against 4.2 per cent in the year-ago period.
The August figures would have positive impact on overall industrial production as the eight core sectors has a combined weight of about 38 per cent in the Index of Industrial Production (IIP).
FEATURED ARTICLES

Govt orders closure of school that locked up kid in kennelUpdated: October 1, 2014 07:52 IST
Govt orders closure of school that locked up kid in kennel
PTI
The Hindu The private school at Ilayampalli near Kudappanakunnu where a student was allegedly kept in a kennel , in Thiruvananthapuram on Monday. Photo:S. Mahinsha
TOPICS
assault (general)
Taking a serious view of a four-year-old Upper Kindergarten child being locked up in a kennel as punishment by a teacher for talking during classes, the Kerala government on Tuesday ordered the closure of the private school.
The swift action was taken on the basis of the report of the Deputy Director of Education who found serious violation of rules in the functioning of the school located at Kudpapanakunnu on the outskirts of the state capital, which has classes from LKG to the Class VII.
Severe punishment methods were said to followed by teachers in the school, the report said. The building also lacked basic facilities for running a school, it was stated.
Meanwhile, a local court here granted bail to the school principal Sasikala, who was arrested yesterday after the incident came to light.
Parents have alleged that the child was put in the kennel on the premises of a house, from where the school was run, after releasing the dog from its confinement.
The incident, which took place on September 25, came to light yesterday, triggering an outrage with child rights campaigners and social activists voicing serious concern and calling for stern action, including shutting down of the school.

Keeping pace with technologyUpdated: September 30, 2014 17:36 IST
Keeping pace with technology
The Hindu Surmandal founder Mohan Hemmadi spreading classical music online. Photo: G. Ramakrishna
TOPICS
human interest
On International Day of Older Persons today, Mohan Hemmadi says age is just a number
In another 11 days from now, Mohan Hemmadi of SurMandal completes 78 years. His birthday wish …to learn Twitter. “Why not? I would love to go to a class and learn,” he enthuses sitting in front of his apple computer surrounded by stunning black and white photographs of Hemmadi with stalwarts like Pandit Ravi Shankar, Rajan and Sajan Mishra and Mother Teresa amongst others.
Through SurMandal, Hemmadi has focussed on promoting classical music among Hyderabadis. Hemmadi had been a tour manager for Pandit Ravi Shankar and recalls many special memories. At an age when peers of his age remain stoic and lie low, Hemmadi believes ‘One will never finish learning.’ “Sometimes I see people, who are younger than me feel ‘their life is over because they have retired from the service.’ Old age should not be a hindrance for learning new things,” he says.
With this sort of enthusiasm and eager approach, he took his online classes with the help of his daughter. Now one can see Hemmadi active on Facebook, viber and Skype. Like many senior citizens, Hemmadi uses FB to connect with his family spread across. “The world is moving at a faster pace and to keep up with it, I had to get on to the computer,” he says.
He also uses the power of technology to spread the reach of classical music.
He shares the recordings of Ustad Amir Khan, Bhimsen Joshi, Pandit Ravi Shankar and Nikhil Banerjee online. When music lovers comment, ‘The feel of this music is divine.
Thank you for sharing with us,’ it encourages him to keep going.
Hemmadi who is also associated with religious activities, recalls a trip in 2007 when he went to Karwar, Karnataka.
“I arranged for the broadband in the village and posted the the Puja proceedings there online for others,” he says.
FB has helped him make new friends. “Sitar exponent Stephen Slawek, a disciple of Pandit Ravi Shankar for 35 years found me on FB and was keen to come to India and perform. We organised his concert to an appreciative audience in Hyderabad,” he states.

Centre identifies 287 more outdated laws to repealExpress News Service | Posted: September 30, 2014 2:07 am
With Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s emphasis on removing outdated laws, the Union Ministry of Law and Justice will introduce a Bill in the Winter Session of Parliament to repeal another 287 obsolete statutes. The Law Ministry has sent a draft bill in this regard for inter-ministerial consultations. The ministry is also working overtime to ensure that 700-plus Appropriation Acts are properly junked. Used to authorise expenditures, the Appropriation Acts are intended to operate for a limited period of time and lose relevance.
“While a Bill is pending in Parliament to repeal 32 amendment Acts and four principal Acts, we plan to bring another bill to repeal 287 similar Acts,” Law Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad told reporters here. All these are simple amending acts, which, since the amendments have become part of the main act, are otherwise of little relevance.
Prasad said the Law Ministry is also planning to carry out “legal scavenging” to repeal 700-plus Appropriation Acts which remain on statute books though they have lost relevance. “We are consulting the Finance Ministry. I have asked my department to take a considered legal view on repealing these Appropriation Acts,” he said.
During the course of its study on archaic laws, the Law Commission found that a large number of Appropriation Acts passed during past several years have lost their meaning but are still shown on statute books.
Law Ministry sources said the task of repealing such laws would be initiated after the committee constituted by Prime Minister’s Office to identify “obsolete” laws which hamper governance by creating “avoidable confusion” submits its report.
This committee is examining all Acts recommended to be repealed by the Committee on Review of Administrative Laws which had been appointed by Atal Bihari Vajpayee government in 1998.

Modi  Obama say  Chalein saath saath   write joint editorial in US newspaperAhead of talks Modi, Obama say 'Chalein saath saath'
Yashwant Raj , Hindustan Times  Washington, September 30, 2014
First Published: 07:30 IST(30/9/2014) | Last Updated: 17:42 IST(30/9/2014)
India and the United States on Monday released a statement of their shared intent - called "Chalein saath, saath" - to forge a partnership that will be a model for the rest of the world.
With President @BarackObama . We had a wonderful meeting and talked about a wide range of issues. pic.twitter.com/MRDjEjujCn
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) September 30, 2014
The statement was issued as Prime Minister Narendra Modi arrived at the White House for a dinner hosted by President Barack Obama.
Read: Obama greets Modi with 'kem cho', has 'wonderful meeting'
"We have a vision that the United States and India will have a transformative relationship as trusted partners in the 21st century," said the paper, "Chalein Saath Saath: Forward Together We Go".
It read a bit like a joint statement, but was minus the officialese of one and, crucially, came ahead of the talks, instead of after, as the densely worded documents do typically.
Full text: Vision statement for the US-India strategic partnership
The 'Kem Chho?' moment: US President Barack Obama greets Narendra Modi at the White House.
"As leaders of two great democratic nations with diverse traditions and faiths, we share a vision for a partnership in which the United States and India work together, not just for the benefit of both our nations, but for the benefit of the world," the statement said.
Read: Obama, Modi may discuss human rights issues in summit talks
 
"Together, we will combat terrorist threats and keep our homelands and citizens safe from attacks, while we respond expeditiously to humanitarian disasters and crises, it added.
Later, Modi met Obama, Vice President Joe Biden and other key US officials at the White House for a private dinner, ahead of formal talks in the Oval Office on Tuesday.
Modi, Obama write joint editorial
US President Barack Obama and Prime Minister Narendra Modi have for the first time interacted digitally to come out with a joint editorial.
 
External Affairs Ministry Spokesperson said both Prime Minister Modi and President Obama have written a joint editorial in a US newspaper to be published Tuesday.
 
Officials on both sides have been very secretive about the joint op-ed and have not even disclosed the name of the newspaper that will publish it.
 
Watch: Modi-Obama issue 'Chalein Saath Saath' vision after dinner bonding
Asked how the two leaders collaborated to write the joint editorial, he said both PM Modi and President Obama are great votaries of digital diplomacy and therefore, it was very easy to digitally interact.
 
Asked if both the leaders were so active digitally why there was no exchange between the two on cyber space, he said "wait and watch".
 
He also said that this was for the first time that an Indian leader has ventured on the path of a joint editorial. Modi had written an editorial in Wall Street Journal before he headed to the US.
(With agency inputs)

Govt allows Wipro to set up SEZ in Andhra Pr...Government clears Wipro proposal to set up SEZ in Andhra Pradesh
PTI Sep 30, 2014, 03.27PM IST
Tags:
Adani Ports
(The Board also approved…)
NEW DELHI: The government has approved the proposals of Wipro Ltd and Mumbai Futuristic Economic Zone to set up SEZs in Andhra Pradesh and Maharashtra.
The decision regarding this was taken by the Board of Approval (BoA) in its meeting on September 18.
The BoA, headed by Commerce Secretary Rajeev Kher, is a 19-member inter-ministerial body that deals with Special Economic Zones and issues related to them.
Wipro Ltd has proposed to set up IT/ITES zone in Andhra Pradesh on an area of 1.22 hectares.
"The Board noted that the developer is in possession of the land. The Government of Andhra Pradesh has also recommended the proposal. Accordingly, the Board decided to grant formal approval to the proposal of Wipro Ltd," the commerce ministry said.
Mumbai Futuristic Economic Zone has proposed to set up two SEZs - Biotech and IT/ITeS - in Maharashtra.
While the biotech SEZ would come up over 24 hectares, the IT/ITeS zone would be developed on 10.47 hectares.
The Board also approved the change of name of the developer from Mumbai Futuristic Economic Zone Pvt Ltd to Attivo Economic Zone (Mumbai) Pvt Ltd.
Adani Ports and Special Economic Zone Ltd too approached the Commerce Ministry for its multi-product SEZ in Gujarat. But the matter was deferred by the BoA.
"The Board noted that Department of Revenue has sought some more information and requested to defer consideration of the proposal. Therefore, the Board, after deliberations, decided to defer the proposal," it added.
Further, the government has given more time to 13 special economic zone developers, including Navi Mumbai SEZ and Kerala State IT Infrastructure to execute their projects.
According to industry experts, seeking more time for developing projects and surrendering them reflected lack of enthusiasm in the tax-free enclaves due to imposition of minimum alternate tax and dividend distribution tax.
The initial phase of SEZ scheme, launched in 2006, saw developers lining up in big numbers for projects. But after imposition of MAT and DDT , it started loosing sheen.
However, to boost investor confidence in these zones, the government is planning incentives for developers and units.
The incentives are likely to be announced during the new Foreign Trade Policy, expected by October end.
Exports from these zones increased from Rs 22,840 crore in 2005-06 to Rs 4.94 lakh crore in 2013-14.
FEATURED ARTICLES

BPCC dissolved  Rahul Gandhi urged to lead march in PatnaPress Trust of India | Patna | Posted: September 30, 2014 5:16 pm
Aiming to strengthen the party before the 2015 Assembly elections in Bihar, on Tuesday Congress dissolved Bihar PCC and committees in the district and block levels with immediate effect and urged party vice-president Rahul Gandhi to lead a public march here on November 23.
“Congress president Sonia Gandhi accepted my proposal to dissolve and reconstitute party committees in the state. She has sent an email to continue with the proposal and take appropriate action. We have dissolved BPCC, all district committees and block committees with immediate effect,” Bihar Congress president Ashok Chaudhary told reporters.
The BPCC would be reconstituted by December 30 and the dissolved district Congress committees will be formed afresh by November 30 and its block committees by December 15. Till the reconstitution work is completed, the district in-charge of membership campaign will take care of the party’s day to day work.
“This time DCC presidents will be allowed to choose block committee presidents. Experience will be given priority in selecting members of BPCC,” Chaudhary said.
Reacting to questions on the need to reconstitute the committees, Chaudhary said it was being done because the performance of many of its office-bearers was below expectation. Party leaders who have performed well will be recalled in the reconstituted committees.
The Bihar Congress leader said Rahul Gandhi has been invited to lead ‘Samajik Sadbhavana March’ in Patna on November 23.
The public march will commence from Gandhi Maidan in the heart of the city and will end at Raj Bhavan about six km away, he said.
“BJP is inciting communal tension and issuing political statements trying to harming social amity after coming to power at the Centre. Ours is a land of communal harmony and we need to counter the BJP designs. The march led by Rahul Gandhi will be aimed at it,” he said.
A 28-member-committee has been formed to oversee preparations for the march. Party legislators, former BPCC presidents, Youth Congress office-bearers and NSUI Bihar members will be part of it, Chaudhary added.

IS releases third video of BritishhostageIn this still image taken from an first undated video published on the Internet by Islamic State group militants, captive British journalist John Cantlie speaks into the camera. (AP Photo)
Press Trust of India | London | Posted: September 30, 2014 5:41 pm | Updated: October 1, 2014 1:37 pm
A new propaganda video featuring John Cantlie , a British photojournalist captured almost two years ago by Islamic State group in Syria, reading scripted messages has been released by the dreaded terrorist outfit.
Cantlie, seen wearing an orange Guantanamo-style jumpsuit in the five-and-a-half minute video, delivers a speech directly to the camera using a sing-song tone, attacking US President Barack Obama’s strategy in Iraq and Syria.
The 43-year-old, who has worked for newspapers including the Sunday Times, criticises US tactics of using airstrikes and proxy Kurdish and Iraqi ground forces against the Islamic State group, also known as ISIL or ISIS.
Germany announced last month to arm and train the Kurdish Peshmerga forces, who are battling IS militants in Iraq.
“Air power is good at taking out specific targets but it is not good at taking and holding ground,” he said, sitting behind a similar desk setting as before.
“For that you need effective and disciplined troops and it’s hard to see how this hotch-potch army with a long history of underperforming is going to be any form of credible infantry,” he adds.
It was unclear where the video – introduced with the title Lend Me Your Ears and Messages From The British Detainee John Cantlie – was made.
Cantlie added that organising the Iraqi army into a proper fighting force would take months and dismissed the Free Syrian Army as “undisciplined, corrupt and largely ineffective”.
Cantlie was first paraded in front of the cameras two weeks ago, promising a series of videos giving the real story of IS.
It was the first that had been heard from him since he was captured inside Syria close to the border with Turkey towards the end of 2012.
An experienced journalist and photographer, this is Cantlie’s second time being held captive in Syria.

Thai rail employee sentenced to death for rape murderPress Trust of India | Bangkok | Posted: September 30, 2014 5:35 pm
A Thai court on Tuesday sentenced to death a railway employee on the charges of murder and aggravated rape of a minor girl on a train in July, a case that created furore in the country.
The Hua Hin provincial court found Wanchai Sangkhao (22) the first defendant in the case, guilty on several counts.
He was sentenced to death for murder, nine years in jail for raping a girl under 15, five years for stealing while on public transport vehicles at night, one year for hiding a body and six months for drug abuse.
Wanchai, a sleeper-car employee of the Railway of Thailand, confessed to raping a 13-year-old girl on July 5 while she was asleep in the Nakhon Si Thammarat-Bangkok express train heading to the Thai capital.
He subsequently threw her out the window while she was still breathing. She was killed by the fall.
Searchers later found her body beside the rail track.
The court rejected Wanchai’s claim for mercy because he had confessed in an act of repentance.
The court said Wanchai confessed because he had no choice as the evidence against him was so strong. There were no grounds for commutation of sentence.
Nattakorn Chamnarn (19) the second defendant who was charged with helping another person rape a girl under 15, confessed during the investigation, but denied the charge in court.
Nattakorn was sentenced to six years in prison as an accessory. Since, he confessed during the investigation stage, the penalty was commuted by a third to four years.

Jayalalithaa bail hearing tomorrow  Tamil film industry on strikeHigh court to hear Jaya’s bail plea today
Sudipto Mondal , Hindustan Times  Bangalore, September 30, 2014
First Published: 09:51 IST(30/9/2014) | Last Updated: 02:03 IST(1/10/2014)
Comments
The Karnataka high court has agreed to hear former Tamil Nadu CM Jayalalithaa's appeal against her conviction on a priority basis. The matter will be heard on Wednesday by a specially constituted vacation bench.
The significant turn of events came hours after a vacation bench on Tueaday morning adjourned the matter to October 6. The adjournment order was issued after the Karnataka government failed to appoint a public prosecutor to contest the challenge mounted by Jayalalithaa's legal team.
Her lawyers immediately approached the high court registrar and the chief justice seeking urgent hearing of the matter.
They submitted that the matter should be treated as an exception as the continued incarceration of Jayalalithaa was causing law and order problems in Tamil Nadu.
 
They also argued that the AIADMK leader's health was unstable. Contesting the need for a public prosecutor to file objections, her lawyers cited sections of the CrPC and said that when the sentence is less than 10 years the judge of a higher court can adjudicate the appeal on merits without seeking the view of the prosecutor.
Jaya refuses to meet Panneerselvam
Former Tamil Nadu CM Jayalalithaa on Wednesday refused to meet O Panneerselvam, the man she has entrusted with the job of holding the CM's chair until she gets the relief she's hoping for from the court.
Panneerselvam was camping in the city since Monday evening for a chance to meet his jailed leader and seek her blessings. He landed in the city shortly after he was administered the oath of office by the Tamil Nadu governor.
He returned disappointed after jail authorities told him that Jayalalithaa had refused to meet him. Jail sources told HT that her cell is far from the visitor's area and she was not in a physical state to walk the distance.

PM Modi pays tributes at Gandhis statue inWashingtonOn the last day of his five-day visit to the US, the Prime Minister will meet US Defence Secretary Chuck Hagel and separately the Governor of Maryland state. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | Washington | Posted: September 30, 2014 6:06 pm | Updated: September 30, 2014 6:24 pm
On Tuesday Prime Minister Narendra Modi paid floral tributes to Mahatma Gandhi at the statue of the Father of the Nation here in the US capital.
A large number of Indian-Americans were present to welcome the Prime Minister who was accompanied by External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj when he arrived at the Indian Embassy to pay tribute to the Gandhi statue in front of the mission.
On the last day of his five-day visit to the US, the Prime Minister will meet US Defence Secretary Chuck Hagel and separately the Governor of Maryland state.
Tuesday is also being observed as US-India Partnership Day.
Thereafter Modi will go to the White House for the official bilateral meeting with President Barack Obama. The two are expected to issue a joint statement at the end of the meeting.
Modi is also scheduled to address a reception hosted by the US India Business Council (USIBC).
The prime minister is also likely to visit the Martin Luther King Memorial here.
Martin Luther King, was an American clergyman, activist, and prominent leader in the African-American Civil Rights Movement.
King is an iconic figure in the advancement of civil rights in the US and around the world, using non-violent resistance inspired by Mahatma Gandhi.

Mercedes-Benz GLA-Class launched at Rs. 32.75lakhThe Mercedes-Benz GLA-Class competes against the likes of the Audi Q3 and BMW X1 in the Indian automobile market.
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 30, 2014 6:00 pm | Updated: September 30, 2014 6:10 pm
Mercedes-Benz has officially put price tags on it’s striking new GLA-Class range of SUVs. The GLA-Class maybe based on the A and B-Class hatchback platform, but with it’s higher ride height and different body shell, the GLA-Class looks striking from every angle you look at it. Introduced in three variants, namely, GLA 200 CDI Style, GLA 200 CDI Sport and GLA 200 Sport.
The diesel fueled GLA 200 CDI Style and GLA 200 CDI Sport are priced at Rs. 32.75 lakh and Rs. 36.9 lakh (ex-showroom Delhi). While the petrol powered GLA 200 Sport is priced at Rs. 36 lakh (ex-showroom Delhi).
The GLA 200 CDI Style is well kitted with features such as start/stop system, cruise control, tyre pressure monitoring system, electrically adjustable driver’s seat with memory, leather upholstery, electrically folding ORVMs, auto dimming rear view mirrors, carbon fibre trim, an infotainment system, reverse camera, rear centre arm rest, five spoke 18 inch alloy wheels finished in a high sheen black shade, gloss black roof rails and Bi-Xenon headlamps with daytime running LEDs.
The Sport variant in addition gets an electrically adjustable front seat with memory, aluminum roof rails, silver colour five spoke 18 inch alloy wheels, twin exhausts, sunroof, Harmon Kardon surround sound system, vanity mirror on sun visors, illuminated door sills, paddle shifters, silver trim, seat comfort package, rain sensors and ambient lighting.
The diesel Mercedes-Benz GLA 200 CDI is powered by a 2.2 litre four cylinder turbocharged common rail engine that develops 135PS of peak power between 3,600 – 4,400 rpm and 300Nm of max torque between 1,600 – 3000 rpm. The engine is mated to a seven-speed double clutch autobox. The powertrain gives the diesel GLA a commendable efficiency figure of 17.9 km/l.
The Mercedes-Benz GLA 200 is powered by a 2.0 litre four cylinder turbocharged petrol engine developing 183PS of maximum power @ 5,500 rpm and peak torque of 300Nm between 1,200 rpm and 1,400 rpm. This engine too is paired to the seven-speed automatic gearbox. The GLA 200 has a rated efficiency figure of 13.8 km/l.
Both the diesel and petrol GLAs have three driving modes, Eco, Sport and Manual.
The Mercedes-Benz GLA-Class competes against the likes of the Audi Q3 and BMW X1 in the Indian automobile market. Mercedes-Benz will also bring the high performance GLA 45 AMG derivative of the GLA-Class to India later in 2014.

Assams British era railway track becomeshistoryOfficials in Northeast Frontier Railway however claim that once completed and commissioned the new broad guage line too will be equally exciting.
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: September 30, 2014 5:53 pm
A 221-km gauge railway track that was built by the British way back in the last decade of the 19th century through the most difficult Barail mountains in Assam’s Dima Hasao district, and was always referred to as an engineering marvel, has become history. The zig-zag metre-gauge track whose 37 tunnels were a major attraction, has closed down for ever to make way for a broad gauge track that will become operational by April next year.
“When the 05697 Hill Queen Express, the last passenger train, left Haflong at 1:45 pm on Monday, it was indeed a tearful moment. No trains will come to this historic Lower Haflong station again,” said Anup Biswas, a local journalist-cum-activist who is pressing for declaring the 111-year old railway station as a heritage museum along with four other stations that surround the mountain on which Haflong, Assam’s only hill station is located.
Recalling the history of the metre gauge track that the British had built over a period of 16 years, Northeast Frontier Railway CPRO Sugato Lahiri said, “The Badarpur-Lumding section was part of the Assam Bengal Railway formed in 1892 to primarily evacuate tea, coal and timber produced in the upper Assam region. While the Dibru-Sadiya Railway, opened in 1882 had already started moving these items to steamers on the Brahmaputra, the Lumding-Badarpur section was built to have direct access to the nearest Chittagong port.”
Following independence and Partition of Bengal, the Lumding-Badarpur section however became the only life-line for land-locked Tripura, Mizoram, the Barak Valley in southern Assam as also south-eastern Manipur. With the metre-gauge track closed for the next six months in order to facilitate final laying of the broad-gauge tracks, these states are now faced with an uphill task of stocking foodgrains and also transporting by road, one which is at least two times costlier than moving by goods train.
Noted author Arup Kumar Dutta, who had written a wonderful history of railways in the Northeast (“Indian Railways: The Final Frontier. 2002) has gives a lot of details about how challenging a task laying the Lumding-Badarpur track was in the 19th century. Describing it as a “magnificent feat” Dutta also refers to how British officers and their Indian and Afghan labourers worked against difficult terrain, dense jungles infested with tigers, elephants and mosquitoes, as also hostile Dimasa and Zemi tribesmen who thought it was an invasion of their beautiful mountain villages.
Dutta also quotes from travel-writer Bill Aitken, who in his ‘Travels by a Lesser Line’ in 1993 had written, “One had to come to check out the claims that the Lumding-Badarpur section was the most spectacular mountain line in India. continued…

Mahindra 2-wheelers launches Gusto at Rs.43 000The Mahindra Gusto is powered by an all new fully-aluminium, four-stroke, air-cooled, 110cc engine, which is capable of maxing out 8 PS of power and 9 Nm of torque.
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 30, 2014 5:47 pm | Updated: September 30, 2014 6:05 pm
Mahindra has launched its first ‘grounds-up’ family-oriented scooter, Gusto, for the northern and western regions of India. The scooter will be available in two variants – VX and DX. While the standard VX variant will be available at Rs. 43,000, the more feature-rich DX variant can be yours at Rs. 47,000. The launch of scooter in the remaining parts of India will happen in the upcoming weeks, before the festive season commences.
The Mahindra Gusto is powered by an all new fully-aluminium, four-stroke, air-cooled, 110cc engine, which is capable of maxing out 8 PS of power and 9 Nm of torque. The power produced will be sent to the rear wheel through a CVT transmission. Mahindra claims a fuel efficiency figure of 63 km/l for this full-sized, metal-bodied scooter. The scooter is equipped with a suspension setup of front telescopic forks and rear hydraulic coil springs.
The braking duties will be accomplished by 130 mm drum brakes at both ends. Mahindra has chosen to offer 12-inch steel wheels in the Gusto, which will be shod with tubeless tyres.
The Mahindra Gusto measures 1,825 mm long, 697 mm wide and 1,275 mm high, with the wheelbase measuring in at 1,275 mm. The VX will be the basic variant which will come with the mechanical essentials explained above and features such as silver-finished front grille, alloy grab rail for pillion rider, quick storage space below the instrument console, two baggage hooks and twin LED pilot lamps on headlamps. The more premium DX variant, in addition to all the features mentioned, comes equipped with few extra bells and whistles such as a car-like flip key, anti-theft alarm system, follow me and guide lamps and seat height adjuster below the seat.
The Mahindra Gusto will be manufactured in the company’s plant in Pithampur in Madhya Pradesh and will be exported to other ASEAN, Latin American and African markets as well.At the price point on which it is launched, the Gusto will be competing against the other family-oriented scooters such as Honda Activa, TVS Jupiter, Yamaha Alpha, Suzuki Let’s and Hero Maestro.

Aug infra output growth hits 2-mth high | Re sees worst mth since Aug  13Coal
(India's annual infrastructure…)
NEW DELHI: Led by healthy growth in coal , cement and electricity sectors, the eight core industries grew by 5.8 per cent in August this year against 4.7 per cent in the same month last year.
The sectors of coal, cement and electricity grew by 13.4 per cent, 10.3 per cent and 12.6 per cent, respectively, in the month under review, according to the data released by the Commerce and Industry Ministry.
Steel production expanded by 9.1 per cent in August this year as against 8.1 per cent in August 2013.
However, production of crude oil and natural gas declined by 4.9 per cent and 8.3 per cent respectively. Refinery products and fertiliser sectors too recorded negative growth of 4.3 per cent and 4.3 per cent respectively.
During April-August, the eight sectors grew by 4.4 per cent, against 4.2 per cent in the year-ago period.
The August figures would have positive impact on overall industrial production as the eight core sectors has a combined weight of about 38 per cent in the Index of Industrial Production (IIP).
FEATURED ARTICLES

Government tightens grip over illegal import of Chinese crackersIndia tightens grip over illegal import of Chinese crackers
PTI Sep 30, 2014, 03.05PM IST
Tags:
Chinese crackers
(Clarifying on the claims…)
CHENNAI: Tightening its grip over illegal import of Chinese crackers which are reportedly flooding the Indian market, the Centre has issued a public notification warning importers and public of the legal consequences they would face if involved with it.
"We have taken action. Last night we have issued a notification and advertisement that it is illegal to sell imported crackers in retail, since there has been no permit given to anyone to import crackers. If found in markets, investigation would be made on how it found its way into India," Minister of State (Independent Charge) for Commerce and Industry Nirmala Sitharaman said.
Speaking to reporters on the sidelines of a function here, she said her Ministry has also written to all Chief Ministers to take action against those responsible.
"Advertisements and public notifications would follow on under what sections this act is illegal," she said.
Clarifying on the claims by some that permits were obtained under the Explosives Act, she said specific permission has to be taken to import crackers.
"But I am making it clear here that no permission has been given to anyone for importing crackers. So, illegal import, possession and selling of crackers from other countries is undoubtedly a crime."
The Minister also urged the public to report to local police any such case of sale of imported crackers.
"Last week, tracing some imported crackers, the Customs confiscated a container in Mumbai. We are acting very seriously on the issue," Sitharaman, also Minister of State for Finance and Corporate Affairs, said.
She recalled a meeting last month with representatives from the firecrackers industry from Tamil Nadu, where they complained of Chinese crackers illegally entering the markets through sea and posing a major threat to their livelihood.
Firecrackers is one of the major industries in Tamil Nadu, centered around Sivakasi and is the source of livelihood for lakhs of families. A sizeable printing industry is also dependent on this sector.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Central govt offices to close early tomorrow ahead of Clean India campaignNew Delhi, September 30, 2014
Updated: September 30, 2014 18:18 IST
Central govt offices to close early tomorrow ahead of Clean India campaign
PTI
Tweet
The Hindu A staff keeps brooms lined up before Union Minister Ram Vilas Paswan launches Swachh Bharat Abhiyan at FCI Headquarters, in New Delhi on Monday. Several ministers symbolically swept their premises ahead of the formal launch of Clean India campaign, by Prime Mininster Narendra Modi on October 2, 2014. Photo: S. Subramanium
TOPICS
social issue
Modi to administer cleanliness pledge on Oct 2
All central government offices in South Block, North Block and Shastri Bhawan among others will be closed at 2 pm on Wednesday, in connection with the arrangements for the nation-wide launch of ‘Swachh Bharat’ (Clean India) campaign by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday.
“I will remain committed towards cleanliness and devote time for this... I will neither litter nor let others litter.”
This is the salient point of the pledge that Prime Minister Narendra Modi will administer to the countrymen on Thursday, the birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi, while highlighting the Father of the Nation’s thrust on cleanliness.
The Prime Minister will administer the pledge at a public function here on October 2. Government has appealed to all government employees and the public to take the pledge likewise.
Besides them, offices situated in Rail Bhawan, Shram Shakti Bhawan, Udyog Bhawan, Nirman Bhawan and Vigyan Bhawan will also be closed early, said an order issued on Tuesday by the Department of Personnel and Training (DoPT).
These offices will remain closed till 10.30 am on October 2, the order said.
The offices in CSIR building, Reserve Bank of India, Yojna Bhawan, National Archives, Indira Gandhi National Centre for Arts, National Media Centre, Jawahar Bhawan, Vayu Bhawan, Sena Bhawan, National Museum, Vigyan Bhawan Annexe, CCA, Ministry of Agriculture, 16-A Akbar Road, DRDO Bhawan, Raksha Bhawan, National Stadium, Hyderabad House and Coast Guard HQ will also be closed early on Tuesday.
“Government offices located in Rashtrapati Bhavan and Parliament House would remain closed from 10 pm on October 1, 2014 till 10.30 am on October 2, 2014,” the DoPT order said.
The ‘swachta (cleanliness)’ pledge is being administered amid Modi’s intent to create a national movement over the next five years to realise the objective of ‘clean India’ by October 2, 2019, the 150th birthday of Mahatma Gandhi.

Leaderspeak: Challenges India Inc faces in the futureBusiness Today speaks with Indian business leaders about the challenges their companies face in the coming days.
ADVERTISEMENT

Young CFOs should align themselves with company policies: Kevin D SaImportant for CFOs to be a master of strategy: Yes Bank Group President
Yes Bank Group President and Country Head Amit Kumar, introduces the audience to the BT-Yes Bank Best CFOs survey, fifth in partnesrship with the bank, while welcoming chief guest for the event Coal Minister Piyush Goyal, India Today Group Chairman Aroon Poorie and jury members.

CFO should arrange funds at cheap cost: RK GargImportant for CFOs to be a master of strategy: Yes Bank Group President
Yes Bank Group President and Country Head Amit Kumar, introduces the audience to the BT-Yes Bank Best CFOs survey, fifth in partnesrship with the bank, while welcoming chief guest for the event Coal Minister Piyush Goyal, India Today Group Chairman Aroon Poorie and jury members.

Trunks Company wants trunks to be a proper lifestyle productTrunks Company wants trunks to be a proper lifestyle product
September 9, 2014
Paritosh, Livio and Priyank of Trunks Company, Jaipur tells about the company, the idea behind it's start-up and it's overall functioning.

Petronet can raise debt on its ratings: RK GargStory
A league of its own
Petronet, which posted a net profit of Rs 1,149 crore in 2012/13, doesn't depend on its promoters for funding.
R.K. GARG, Director (Finance), Petronet LNG
BT-Yes Bank Best CFOs Survey
(LARGE COMPANIES)
Winner: R.K. GARG, Director (Finance), Petronet LNG
Petronet LNG is a company like few others. For, its main shareholders are also its biggest rivals. State-run Indian Oil, GAIL, Bharat Petroleum and Oil & Natural Gas Corp together own half of Petronet .

Indian CFOs may no longer be risk averseIllustrations by Raj Verma.
BT-Yes Bank Best CFOs Survey
R. Shankar Raman, Chief Financial Officer of Larsen & Toubro (L&T), a $14-billion engineering and construction conglomerate, has seen it all. An L&T veteran, who took over from Y.M. Deosthalee (winner of Business Today's Best Overall CFO award for 2011) in September 2011, he has been busy, in the last few years, trying to navigate the tough business environment with the onset of the economic downturn. His focus so far has been on cutting costs and managing on tight budgets.
But with a new government at the Centre, there are expectations in the industry of an economic turnaround, says Raman. With gross domestic product growing at 5.7 per cent in the first quarter of 2014/15, the highest in nine quarters, there is an undercurrent of hope and bullishness as reflected in the strengthening of the rupee and the rally on Dalal Street.
"It is delivery time, but the transition from a slowing economy to a revival of growth will be gradual. If the government gets its act together, then by the middle of 2015/16 we may see a clear recovery. Until then it will be wait and watch," adds Raman.
It echoes the sentiments of many CFOs in the industry. The sudden change in mood is obviously the result of the stable National Democratic Alliance government led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, which came to power at the Centre after a resouding victory in the general elections held in April and May. The new government is already talking about reforms and kick-starting pending projects.
The focus of attention is clearly shifting for Indian CFOs. After the global financial crisis of 2008, they were more focused on liquidity management. Later, the primary goal was leverage management, due to a debt overhang. "Though risk management will continue to remain in focus, the hopes of an expected revival will see CFOs starting to take risks rather than being risk averse," says Raman. Deep Mukherjee, Senior Director at India Ratings & Research, agrees. "The worst may be behind us, but one has to remain guarded," he says.
FULL COVERAGE: India's Best CFOs 2014 However, there have always been CFOs and corporate honchos who outperformed even in the worst of times. Every year the Business Today-YES Bank Best CFO Study identifies and honours these individuals. This year too, we have awards for 16 such CFOs across 10 categories (see And The Winners Are). The winners have been picked up by an eminent jury led by Subir Gokarn, former deputy governor of the Reserve Bank of India, after a comprehensive analysis of financial statements of BT 500 listed companies followed by a survey among chartered accountants, stockbrokers and fund managers.
CFO's Emerging Role
The role of the modern day CFO has moved beyond just controlling or managing company finances to becoming a trustee of the stakeholders and playing a pivotal role in deciding the strategic direction of the company. After the global financial crisis in 2008, the role of the CFOs has been enlarged. and they increasingly guide the board on critical decisions on strategy, governance, risk management, capital allocation and portfolio management, according to Koushik Chatterjee, Group Executive Director (Finance & Corporate) at Tata Steel. "The challenge is to have a deep understanding of, and develop an independent view on, the key management processes to influence the management and the board in a manner that creates a sustainable and value creating organisation," says Chatterjee.
According to a recent survey by professional services firm Deloitte, half the time of a CFO in India is devoted to playing a strategic and catalytic role rather than just managing finances. "Five years back, it was one-third. In the next three to five years, I see two-thirds of a CFO's time being spent on strategy," says Sanjoy Sen, Senior Director, Deloitte.
Meanwhile, many in the industry feel that if the Narendra Modi government can revive the Indian economy, the CFOs will have to step on the gas and raise resources to expand the business or scout for acquisition opportunities. "The foremost task before the CFO will be to manage liquidity to bring the business back in shape, enabling it to capitalise on the new growth opportunities so as to first operate at the optimal level. Once that level of stability is achieved, with a better investment climate and structural reform, companies would be able to go that one step further to leverage growth and expansion plans," says Akhil Jindal, Director (Group Finance & Strategy) at Welspun Group.
To achieve their goals, it is important for CFOs to challenge their colleagues in other divisions, according to Subbu Subramaniam , CFO and Executive Director, Titan Company, a winner in the "Commitment to triple bottomline" category in our study. "You don't need to be a popular CFO all the time to be a good one. You can speak your mind," he says.
Indeed, in the years ahead, the CFO's role will continue to be reshaped and redefined as the external environment changes and the complexity of operating global businesses increases. The governance and regulatory challenges coupled with the need to assess risks facing the company and the industry will require the CFOs to play a bigger role.
"Some fundamental responsibilities still remain crucial to the role of a CFO such as governance, compliance and financials to name a few. But CFOs are gradually making the transition to becoming broader strategic advisers," says Jindal of Welspun. "They will no longer be confined to being followers. They have to be in the driver's seat evaluating and analysing the implications of the actions being taken by the CEO, since the onus lies on the CFO in terms of ensuring regulatory compliance and accountability."
In other words, the CFO has to work very closely with the CEO in putting together a cohesive strategy. "The challenge for the CFO lies in keeping the company focused and motivated during difficult periods," says K.K. Maheshwari, Managing Director of viscose staple fibre and cement maker Grasim.
Managing risks and a strong oversight role in the execution of business strategies will thus be the critical responsibilities of the CFO over the next 18 to 24 months. "I don't think managing the capital structure and liquidity are mutually exclusive objectives," says Chatterjee of Tata Steel. "From a management prudence perspective, it is important to frame the growth strategy in the context of how the external macro-environment supports the organisation's own risk capacity and financial strategy. I would therefore always advocate a more holistic approach towards balancing growth and risks for sustainable economic value creation."
Mukerjee of India Ratings, however, has a word of caution. "Though one can afford to remain hopeful it is not a scenario in which to be adventurous," he says. But he tempers the caution as well. "Credit stress for the majority of sectors is unlikely to deteriorate further in 2014/15," he adds.
The annual study to identify the Best CFOs in India has been a regular fixture in Business Today since 2007. As in the previous five years, the rankings have been arrived at in partnership with YES Bank. We profile the overall winner, Saumen Chakraborty , CFO at Dr Reddy's, followed by shorter profiles of the other winners. How We Did It explains the methodology used to arrive at the final list of winners.
*An earlier version of the article carried the company's name as Titan Industries in place of Titan Company. Changes have been made.

Think FDI as  First Develop India : Narendra ModiGoutam Das      Follow @Goutam20    Last Updated: September 26, 2014  | 12:09 IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi (Photo: Reuters)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi launched the 'Make in India' campaign with much fanfare on Thursday, exhorting investors to think FDI with a twist - "First Develop India".
Investments in manufacturing would lead to jobs; more jobs to more purchasing power for consumers, which eventually would help industry realise the potential of India as the great bazaar. India's demographic dividend, Modi said, ought to be linked to demand.
Modi hinted his clarion call to global manufacturers hinged on "effective governance", not just "good governance". The whole campaign has three pillars - improving the ease of doing business by de-licencing and de-regulation, enabling infrastructure such as industrial corridors and opening up FDI (foreign direct investment) in sectors such as defence, construction and railways.
Effective governance also hinges on a new mindset. Modi released the campaign's logo and website that talks of a new way of wooing investors. India will relate to investors "not as a permit issuing authority but as a true business partner." Dedicated teams will guide first-time investors across 25 identified sectors, which include automobiles and automobile components, aviation, biotech, chemicals, construction, defence manufacturing, electronic systems, food processing, mining, oil and gas, pharmaceutical, ports, railways, renewable energy, roads and textiles among others.
The 'Make in India' campaign , in many ways, puts a structure to different initiatives the government initiated to kick-start the manufacturing sector, which contributes about 15 per cent to India's gross domestic product.
The government had earlier made online the process of applying for Industrial License and Industrial Entrepreneur Memorandum, which is expected to ease the filing of applications and payments.
In addition, the government excluded a number of components from the purview of industrial licensing. The government also did away with the inverted duty structure for many products that made domestic manufacturing uncompetitive- importing a finished IT hardware product, for instance, was more lucrative than manufacturing and selling it in India because of prevalent duties on electronic components used.
The government has also exempted all inputs and components used in the manufacturing of personal computers from a four per cent special additional duty (SAD).
Modi's promise of being a "proactive facilitator" is going down well with industrialists, many of whom crowded to hear the Prime Minister launch the campaign in New Delhi. The government lined up the industry's who's who - all of whom pledged support to the campaign and said they were "profoundly inspired by the boldness of Modi's vision". Speakers at the event included Tata Group Chairman Cyrus Mistry, Reliance Industries Chairman Mukesh Ambani, Wipro Chairman Azim Premji, and Chairman of the Aditya Birla Group K.M. Birla, among others.
 
Modi's 'Make in India' launch comes days before his visit to the United States. Trade representatives are hoping this will begin a new era in the economic relationship between the two countries.

India and China come closer like never beforeAnanth Krishnan      Follow @ananthkrishnan Beijing   Edition: Oct 12, 2014
Warming up : President Xi Jinping with Prime Minister Narendra Modi. Photo: Shekhar Ghosh.
Days before Chinese President Xi Jinping arrived in India, the Chinese Consul General in Mumbai, Liu Youfa, had declared that China would commit to investing $100 billion in India over five years. The statement raised eyebrows: would China, which invests around $110 billion overseas every year, make India one of its single biggest investment destinations?
Xi's three-day visit to Gujarat and New Delhi may not have answered this question definitively, but it has certainly paved the way for what Indian and Chinese officials hope will be a fundamental change in the way business is done across the Himalayas. Xi's discussions with Prime Minister Narendra Modi yielded 16 agreements. The most important one was a commitment to realise $20 billion investment from China in the next five years, besides a reduction in the recently widening trade imbalance.
In a first, the two countries also signed a $6.8 billion deal to set up China-dedicated industrial parks near Pune and in Gujarat. The 1,250-acre park in Pune will be spearheaded by Beiqi Foton Motor Company, one of China's biggest auto makers. The second one in Gujarat is expected to focus on the power sector.
The deals, if realised, could transform India's ties with China. Business ties between the two countries only began to take off in the early 2000s, when a relationship that had been held hostage by the 1962 war and the border dispute began to thaw. As China's economy transformed through its second round of economic reforms in the early 1990s and following its accession into the World Trade Organization a decade later, Chinese appetite for Indian iron ore and natural resources propelled a trade relationship from a stagnant $2-3 billion in the early 2000s to $73 billion in 2011, when China for the first time became India's single largest trading partner.
$6.8 bn: The amount to be invested in two China-dedicated industrial parks in Pune and Gujarat
The relationship has since appeared to hit a roadblock. In the past two years, trade declined even as an imbalance in China's favour continued to soar. Indian firms have struggled to secure market access in China, even in information technology and pharmaceuticals where India enjoys a clear competitive advantage. A slowing down of China's economy has left a slump in Indian exports of ores and raw materials.
Modi and Xi have agreed to revitalise this relationship. The key to doing so, says Chinese strategic affairs expert and former diplomat Lan Jianxue, who had earlier served in India, is by opening up both markets to mutual investments. The Chinese perception has been that India was, in the past, averse to Chinese presence in many sectors. The hope in Beijing is that Modi, who welcomed Chinese investment in Gujarat as chief minister, will change that.
"China sees Modi as a business-friendly politician," Lan told Business Today. "So we expect a huge boost in business ties." The idea behind the two industrial parks , Chinese officials say, is to send a signal that China Inc. viewed India as more than a merely transactional relationship. The power sector is illustrative of how a largely buy-sell relationship, which characterised India-China trade for much of the past decade, has appeared to run out of steam.
For India, with a huge power deficit and shortfall in capacity, importing cheap power equipment from China was an easy solution. Today, one in four power plants in India uses some Chinese equipment. This solution was, however, a temporary one. A decade on, companies have struggled with servicing needs as none of the major Chinese power firms have an established presence in India. The industrial park in Gujarat is expected to fill this void. Chinese power companies, for the first time, will manufacture in India and establish a network of service centres.
One sector that perhaps holds the greatest promise for major Chinese investment in India is railways. Both countries have signed a first-of-its-kind agreement for Chinese involvement in building and redeveloping stations, raising the speeds on several existing routes to 160 km an hour, and a feasibility study for high-speed or bullet trains. Thirty years ago, India's rail network was superior to China's, both in network length and speed. Today, the two railways are incomparable. China has almost entirely replaced 100 km an hour trains with 160-180 km an hour express trains. It has also built a separate network for bullet trains that run at 300 km an hour. The network is already the world's longest, and will touch 16,000 km by 2015.
Whether China's investment target will be fulfilled will, ultimately, rest on Modi and Xi successfully managing an increasingly complex relationship in which political mistrust continues to coexist with deepening economic engagement

MCX signs software support and services deal with FTILMCX signs software support and services deal with FTIL
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 29, 2014  | 19:02 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The Multi Commodity Exchange (MCX) on Monday said it has entered into a new agreement with Financial Technologies (FTIL) for availing software support and managed services till 2022.
The pact (a supplementary agreement), inked on mutually agreed terms, marks the continuation of technology partnership between the two companies, founded by entrepreneur Jignesh Shah , and comes as a shot in the arm for MCX as it seeks to launch fresh contracts.
In a filing to the BSE, the commodity bourse said the agreement was entered into with several changes.
As per the new agreement, MCX will pay FTIL a fixed charge of Rs 1.5 crore per month, including managed services payable in advance on semi-annual basis. Earlier, it was paying Rs 2 crore per month.
FTIL will also get a variable charge of 10.3 per cent of gross transaction fees as compared to 12.5 per cent earlier.
Last week, FTIL said it had signed a 10-year long technology contract with the commodity exchange (the new one is for 8 years), resulting in a negative impact of nearly Rs 9 crore on its total income for this fiscal.
The Jignesh Shah-led company said, "Due to this supplementary agreement, and based on the current volume of MCX and assuming MCX daily volume remains same, the negative impact on the total income of the company would be around Rs 8.82 crore for the period of 2014-15."
In 2013-14, MCX paid about Rs 60 crore to FTIL for receiving technological support and services. The new pact will pave the way for the commodity bourse to launch new contracts for January to March period of 2015.
MCX is confident that it will be allowed to launch all its contracts for the year 2015 once the full divestment by FTIL of its stake in MCX takes place in compliance with sector regulator Forward Markets Commission 's (FMC) order.
On September 17, the commodity markets watchdog said the exchange can launch new contracts for first three months of 2015 after if it signs a fresh technology deal with FTIL.
FTIL had said that by entering into the new agreement, it has completed all formalities to close its sale of 15 per cent stake in MCX to Kotak Mahindra Bank.
FMC had said the exchange will be allowed to roll out contracts for entire 2015 once the full divestment of FTIL in MCX takes place as per the regulatory norms.

AirAsia to recommence Hyderabad Kuala Lumpur flightUpdated: September 29, 2014 19:16 IST
AirAsia to recommence Hyderabad Kuala Lumpur flight
IANS
economy, business and finance
AirAsia currently provides 52 weekly direct flights from Bangalore, Chennai, Hyderabad, Kochi, Kolkata and Tiruchirappalli to Kuala Lumpur.
AirAsia, a leading low cost airline announced the recommencement of its international route from Hyderabad to Kuala Lumpur with daily flights from Dec 8.
The airline Monday also announced its offering promotional all-in fares from Rs.2, 099 one way. The booking period is from Sep 30 to Oct 5 with the travel period from Dec 8 to Oct 24, 2015, said a statement released here.
“The recommencement of this route will enable many guests to experience our Fly-Thru service through Kuala Lumpur,” said AirAsia Berhad commercial head Spencer Lee.
The flight can connect travellers to other domestic destinations such as Penang, Langkawi, Kota Kinabalu, Kuching in Malaysia and international destinations like Singapore, Bali, Jakarta, Bangkok, Phuket, Hong Kong, Ho Chi Minh City, Brunei, Sydney, Gold Coast, Melbourne and Perth.
AirAsia currently provides 52 weekly direct flights from Bangalore, Chennai, Hyderabad, Kochi, Kolkata and Tiruchirappalli to Kuala Lumpur.

SREI Infrastructure launches Rs 250-crore NCD issueeconomy, business and finance
The bonds with tenure of two years will offer an annual coupon of 10.75 per cent to institutional and non-institutional investors, while retail investors will get 11.25 per cent, the infra financier said here.
SREI Infrastructure Finance on Monday launched a Rs 250-crore domestic bond issue as part of its Rs 1,500-crore issuance later.
The bonds with tenure of two years will offer an annual coupon of 10.75 per cent to institutional and non-institutional investors, while retail investors will get 11.25 per cent, the infra financier said here.
The bonds maturing in three years will offer an annual coupon of 11 per cent to institutional and non-institutional investors and 11.50 per cent to retail investors. The 5-year bonds will yield 11.25 per cent to institutional and non- institutional investors and 11.75 per cent to retail ones.
The company is offering a monthly coupon payment options for bonds maturing in 3 and 5 years.
It said 75 per cent of the net proceeds will be used for lending or repayment of loan and the balance will be utilised for general corporate purposes. The bonds, which opened for subscription today, will close on October 31.
The bonds, rated ‘AA-’ by Care and ‘AA’ by Brickwork, are lead managed by ICICI Securities, AK Capital, Edelweiss Financial Services, SPA Capital Advisors and SREI Capital Markets.

Former School Teacher Ranked Among India s Top BillionairesYou are here: Home Corporates
Havells Chairman Qimat Rai Gupta Ranked 48th on Forbes India Rich List
NDTV | Updated On: September 29, 2014 15:18 (IST)
Sebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
Qimat Rai Gupta, the 77-year-old chairman of electrical equipment maker Havells India, has made it to the Forbes' billionaire list for the first time. Mr Gupta, whose net worth was $2 billion as of September 2014, is India's 48th richest man, Forbes said.
The septuagenarian started his career as a school teacher in Punjab, but turned an entrepreneur in 1958, when he founded Guptajee and Company with a sum of Rs 10,000. The company specialised in fixtures and electric cable.
Mr Gupta bought the Havells brand in 1971 and in 1976 set up the company's first manufacturing plant for rewireable switches and changeover switches at West Delhi's Kirti Nagar.
Havells jumped into the big league in 2007, when it bought global lighting company Sylvania. The acquisition catapulted Havells among the world's top four lighting companies. Today, Havells owns global brands like Crabtree, Sylvania, Concord, Luminance and Standard.
In 2013-14 fiscal year, Havells India reported a consolidated net profit of Rs 446 crore on sales of Rs 8,227 crore. The company's shares have more than doubled in the past one year and have outperformed the broader Nifty, which is up 37 per cent.
For the first time, the 100 richest Indians on the Forbes' list are all billionaires. Reliance Industries Chairman Mukesh Ambani retained his number one ranking with a net worth of $23.6 billion, up $2.6 billion from last year. Mr Ambani has topped the list for the eighth consecutive year.(See | India's 100 Richest Are all Billionaires: Forbes )
Sun Pharma's Dilip Shanghvi (net worth $18 billion) got richer by $4.1 billion this year and displaced steel baron Lakshmi Mittal ($15.8 billion), who slipped to the fifth place. (With Agency Inputs)
Story first published on: September 29, 2014 15:18 (IST)

Apple to sell iPhone 6 in ChinaApple given green light to sell iPhone 6 in China
By Tom Mitchell in Beijing and Tim Bradshaw in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/824bcdb0-4853-11e4-ac9f-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

HDIL Jumps 4% As Promoters Revoke All Pledged SharesYou are here: Home Market
HDIL Jumps 4% As Promoters Revoke All Pledged Shares
NDTV | Updated On: September 30, 2014 10:02 (IST)
Overseas Investor Inflows Hit Rs 20,000 Crore in November so far
Shares in realty player Housing Development and Infrastructure (HDIL) surged over 4 per cent to Rs 85.8 on Tuesday as the company has revoked all shares earlier pledged with IL&FS Trust.
HDIL said on Monday that IL&FS Trust has released 7.54 crore shares of the promoters including those of the firm's chairman, Rakesh Kumar Wadhawan. These shares comprise 51.89 per cent of the total shares pledged by the promoters.
With this, all the equity shares in the promoter's category have been released. This comes as positive news for investors as this will go a long way in boosting the investor's sentiment.
As of June 30, 2014, promoters held 36.16 per cent stake in the company. The promoters had pledged their shares as collateral for loan in 2012.
IL&FS Trust had earlier released 7 crore equity shares on July 4, which was 48.11 per cent of the total pledged shares.
HDIL is a renouned realty player, which has significant presence in Mumbai Metropolitan Region. The firm had a land reserve of 245.03 million square feet as on June 30 2014 of which 90 per cent was in Mumbai Metropolitan Region.
As of 9.44 a.m. shares in HDIL traded 3.41 per cent higher at Rs 84.90 apiece outperforming the Nifty which was down 0.16 per cent.
(With agency inputs )

Metal Shares Fall on Weak China Manufacturing DataYou are here: Home Market
Metal Shares Fall on Weak China Manufacturing Data
Reuters | Updated On: September 30, 2014 09:55 (IST)
Metal shares fall on Tuesday after China's factory output data.
Tata Steel was down 0.7 per cent, Hindalco Industries fell 1.6 percent.
China's September factory activity disappointed slightly by showing a final reading of 50.2, down from its preliminary 50.5.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Protesters willing to pay economic priceHong Kong protesters willing to pay economic price
By Sophia Yan   @sophia_yan September 30, 2014: 6:40 AM ET
 
Hong Kong's own 'Occupy'
HONG KONG (CNNMoney)
As demonstrations continue to disrupt normal operations in Hong Kong, both experts and residents are considering the long-term impact that pro-democracy protest will have on the international finance hub.
Police have used pepper spray and tear gas in an effort to oust protesters from their camps near Hong Kong's main business district, but the activists remain in place and have even occupied main roadways in other neighborhoods.
The protesters want free and open elections in the Chinese territory, while Beijing has proposed a process that would essentially allow it to screen candidates for the city's top office.
The protests have closed some schools and office buildings, and 21 banks have closed branches or ATMs. The benchmark Hang Seng has shed nearly 6% over the past five trading days. On Monday, the Hong Kong Monetary Authority said it was standing by to provide additional liquidity if required.
Critics worry that the protests threaten Hong Kong's status as a global business hub and a beacon of stability in Asia. Should the protests continue , some experts warn that retail sales will suffer, the housing market could take a hit and Hong Kong's economy could slide into a recession.
Related: Photo essay: Police use tear gas as 'Occupy' comes to Hong Kong
"There is also a risk that Hong Kong's economy could suffer more lasting damage, especially if the authorities decide to crack down on the demonstrators," analysts at Capital Economics wrote in a research note.
A man walks to work on an empty street in Hong Kong, cleared as pro-democracy protests continue to expand in the city.
A British colony until 1997, Hong Kong rose to prominence as a center for regional commerce that acted as China's gateway to the world. That reputation stuck even after Hong Kong was returned to China, becoming a "special administrative region."
Businesses here face fewer restrictions than they would on the mainland, making it an attractive place to set up shop. Many large multinational companies even make Hong Kong their regional headquarters.
Chinese firms have also looked to Hong Kong as a way to expand their reach abroad. Hong Kong is the single largest source of foreign capital for Chinese enterprises, and mainland firms represent about 56% of the total market cap of companies traded on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
But Hong Kong's status and reputation is not guaranteed, and some residents fear the territory's advantages are slipping away, especially as mainland Chinese cities rise in stature and some international firms choose Singapore as their headquarters.
Some protesters say they see lasting damage to Hong Kong -- but only if the government doesn't begin to make amends.
Related: Instagram blocked in China as protests sweep Hong Kong
"I don't think [businesses] will be threatened ... if the government can address our problems correctly [and] Hong Kong can become more democratic," said Denise Li, 19. "If not, international businesses may start to think that Hong Kong is not a very open city, and the government will protect Chinese [companies] only."
Others fear that foreign investment will dry up.
"I think foreign investors may be afraid of the future in Hong Kong," said Sammi Mak, 18, a business student at a local university. "Hong Kong is known for freedom, the inflow of information, and now China is taking over everything, and Hong Kong may lose this advantage compared to other cities."
Benny, a 21-year-old who declined to give his last name, said the protests are not yet a big problem for the business community.
"I don't think business is harmed within Hong Kong," he said. "Right now, everyone is going to work, everyone is doing their normal job."
Fitch Ratings said it doesn't expect the protests to last long enough to have much of an effect on the city.
But Fitch sees problems ahead if the government no longer commands popular consent or the protests do significant damage to the perception that Hong Kong is a stable and attractive investment destination.
"But those questions will likely be answered over months or years rather than days," the ratings agency said.
First Published: September 30, 2014: 1:19 AM ET
Most Popular

Protests continue to rattle Hong Kong stocksProtests continue to rattle Hong Kong stocks
By: Kim Hjelmgaard September 30, 2014 2:30 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
AP
Wall Street stock futures edged higher but Hong Kong’s Hang Seng index tumbled for a second day Tuesday as protesters blocked streets in the city’s business district.
The Hang Sang declined 1.4% after shedding around 2% on Monday. Protest leaders set a Wednesday deadline for a response from the government to their demands for democratic reforms.
On Monday, the Dow lost 0.2%, Standard & Poor’s 500 index ended down 0.3% and Nasdaq composite slipped 0.1%. Earlier in that trading session markets fell sharply before recovering slightly.
The street protests caught Wall Street by surprise, causing uncertainty to spike and continuing the U.S. stock market’s recent run of sharp up-and-down price movements.

IDFC Gains 2% on Asset Sale BuzzYou are here: Home Market
IDFC Gains 2% on Asset Sale Buzz
NDTV | Updated On: September 30, 2014 10:21 (IST)
Overseas Investor Inflows Hit Rs 20,000 Crore in November so far
Shares in IDFC gained nearly 2 per cent to Rs 142.90 on Tuesday as the company has reportedly sold assets worth Rs 1,100 crore to private equity firm Blackstone Group in an attempt to free up capital to set up a bank.
The private equity division of IDFC, IDFC Alternative has reportedly sold a special economic zone (SEZ) in Pune and an IT park in Noida for a combined enterprise value of Rs 1,100 crore to private equity firm Blackstone Group LP.
IDFC Alternative had invested Rs 415 crore in the IT Park in Noida during 2011 and Rs 460 crore in the Pune SEZ, which were made from the balance sheet of IDFC, the news report said. At the current exit price of Rs 1,100 crore, these investments have provided an internal rate of return of around 22 per cent to the company.
After receiving approval from Reserve Bank of India to set up a bank, IDFC is looking to free up capital from its balance sheet.
As of 10.15 a.m. IDFC shares traded 0.89 per cent higher at Rs 141.85 apiece outperforming the Nifty which was up 0.09 per cent.
Story first published on: September 30, 2014 10:20 (IST)

State-run Banks to Tap Markets Soon: OfficialManufacturing Growth May Moderate in December Quarter: Industry Body
New Delhi: State-run banks will "very soon" start raising funds from markets, Financial Services Secretary G.S. Sandhu said on Tuesday, as part of government's efforts to infuse capital into banks.
Indian banks need Rs 2.4 lakh crore ($38.92 billion) of capital infusion by 2018 to meet the Basel III norms.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Global wildlife populations down by half since 1970: WWFprint
The world populations of fish, birds, mammals, amphibians and reptiles fell overall by 52% between 1970 and 2010, far faster than previously thought, the World Wildlife Fund said on Tuesday.
The conservation group's Living Planet Report, published every two years, said humankind's demands were now 50% more than nature can bear, with trees being felled, groundwater pumped and carbon dioxide emitted faster than Earth can recover.
"This damage is not inevitable but a consequence of the way we choose to live," Ken Norris, Director of Science at the Zoological Society of London, said in a statement.
However, there was still hope if politicians and businesses took the right action to protect nature, the report said.
"It is essential that we seize the opportunity - while we still can - to develop sustainably and create a future where people can live and prosper in harmony with nature," said WWF International Director General Marco Lambertini.
Preserving nature was not just about protecting wild places but also about safeguarding the future of humanity, "indeed, our very survival,"
he said.
The report's finding on the populations of vertebrate wildlife found that the biggest declines were in tropical regions, especially Latin America. The WWF's so-called "Living Planet Index" is based on trends in 10,380 populations of 3,038 mammal, bird, reptile, amphibian and fish species.
The average 52% decline was much bigger than previously reported, partly because earlier studies had relied more on readily available information from North America and Europe, WWF said. The same report two years ago put the decline at 28 percent between 1970 and 2008.
The worst decline was among populations of freshwater species, which fell by 76 percent over the four decades to 2010, while marine and terrestrial numbers both fell by 39 percent.
'Ecological footprint'
The main reasons for declining populations were the loss of natural habitats, exploitation through hunting or fishing, and climate change.
To gauge the variations between different countries' environmental impact, the report measured how big an  "ecological footprint" each one had and how much productive land and water area, or "biocapacity", each country accounted for.
Kuwaitis had the biggest ecological footprint, meaning they consume and waste more resources per head than any other nation, the report said, followed by Qatar and the United Arab Emirates.
"If all people on the planet had the footprint of the average resident of Qatar, we would need 4.8 planets. If we lived the lifestyle of a typical resident of the USA, we would need 3.9 planets," the report said.
Many poorer countries - including India, Indonesia and the Democratic Republic of Congo - had an ecological footprint that was well within the planet's ability to absorb their demands.
The report also measured how close the planet is to nine so-called "planetary boundaries", thresholds of "potentially catastrophic changes to life as we know it".
Three such thresholds have already been crossed - biodiversity, carbon dioxide levels and nitrogen pollution from fertilisers. Two more were in danger of being breached - ocean acidification and phosphorus levels in freshwater.
"Given the pace and scale of change, we can no longer exclude the possibility of reaching critical tipping points that could abruptly and irreversibly change living conditions on Earth," the report said.

Royal Bank of Scotland Sees Finances ImproveAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Gomti to be cleaned on lines of river Ganga: Rajnath SinghUnion Home Minister Rajnath Singh said work in this regard has already begun. (Source: PTI Photo)
Press Trust of India | Posted: September 30, 2014 2:54 pm | Updated: September 30, 2014 2:56 pm
Noting that the health of rivers is reflective of a country’s condition, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh on Tuesday announced cleaning up of Gomti river here on the same lines as river Ganga.
“Health of rivers is indicative of the health of a nation. When a country’s rivers start drying, its fate also dries up,” he said while addressing a  cleanliness awareness programme.
The objective of the Centre is not only to develop the country as an economic capital but also a spiritual capital, for which unhindered flow, cleanliness and clearness of its rivers is necessary, Singh said.
The Union Minister said a detailed project report will be prepared for cleaning Gomti river on the same lines as river Ganga and the work in this regard has already begun.
Singh, who is a Member of Parliament from Lucknow, said that from Kudiya Ghat to La Martinere college in the city, the banks of Gomti would be developed on the lines of Sabarmati riverfront in Ahmedabad.
Union Water Resources Minister Uma Bharti, who was also present at the event, said that through short term and long term schemes Ganga would become visibly clear within three years and it would be made completely clean in 10 years.
Like Ganga river, Gomti would also be cleaned up for which survey has been completed, Bharti said, adding, cleaning Gomti would be a lot easier than Sabarmati which had dried up.
In an oblique reference to the previous UPA government, Bharti said, “we have come out of ten years of ice age, the first stream has come out and Ganga has been associated with water resource.”
Students from Lucknow University, Technical University and various schools attending the event formed a human chain during the programme, organized by social organization Lok Adhikar Manch and resolved to clean Gomti river.
The Union ministers, LU vice-chancellor S B Nimse and convenor of the organization Anil Singh initiated cleaning up of the area around Gomti to mark the occasion.

Alia Bhatt launches first clothing line on online retailer JabongE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Purchasing managers guide investor opinionPurchasing managers guide investor opinion
By Jamie Chisholm
Chinese PMI likely to colour trading in commodities
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/25ff6a28-4874-11e4-ad19-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

EBay spinning off PayPal as separate companyEBay spinning off PayPal as separate company
By Chris Isidore   @CNNTech September 30, 2014: 9:55 AM ET
 
EBay breaks up with PayPal
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
EBay is spinning off its online payment service PayPal as a separate company.
The move, which has long been urged by some Wall Street analysts, was announced Tuesday. It is expected to take place in the second half of 2015.
The news sent shares of eBay ( EBAY , Tech30 ) up more than 6% in early trading.
"This is the best path for delivering sustainable shareholder value," the company said in its announcement.
EBay also announced a new executive team for both companies, with current CEO John Donahoe and chief financial officer Bob Swan planning to leave the company after the split.
Devin Wenig, currently president of eBay Marketplaces, will become CEO of the new eBay. The company also announced the appointment of Dan Schulman, an executive of American Express ( AXP ), to be the president of the PayPal unit until the split, and to be CEO of the independent PayPal. PayPal had lost its former chief to Facebook in June.
Earlier this year, activist investor Carl Icahn urged eBay to spin off PayPal, and was ready to put it up for a vote of shareholders . He also was proposing two of his own candidates for the eBay board.
At the time Donahoe urged against a split, arguing that "eBay is a big contributor to PayPal's growth and expansion." He also said the split would be a "distraction" for the companies.
Icahn dropped his proxy fight after eBay agreed to appoint David Dorman, founding partner of venture capital firm Centerview Capital Technology, to the board. Dorman was chairman of Motorola ( MSI ) when it split into two separate businesses .
Related: Will Apple kill PayPal?
PayPal started out as an independent company. Its founders included Peter Thiel , now a billionaire investor who was subsequently an early backer of Facebook ( FB , Tech30 ) and Elon Musk , who has gone to fame and success as CEO of electric car maker Tesla Motors ( TSLA ) and private space exploration business Space X .
EBay bought PayPal for $1.5 billion in 2002. In a sector littered with failed big dollar purchases , the eBay purchase of PayPal is widely seen as one of the most successful tech acquisitions ever. Last year, it accounted for about 40% of eBay's total revenue. It facilitates one in every six dollars spent online today, and total payment volume grew 26% in the last six months to $203 billion.
The business could grow even more as consumers start making more mobile online payments. Mobile payments, including consumers using their phones to pay at traditional retailers, are likely to reach $3.5 billion this year, according to research firm eMarketer. But that is forecast to grow to $118 billion annually within four years.
But the company also faces increased competition in that space. Earlier this month, Apple ( AAPL , Tech30 ) announced Apple Pay , a new way to make payments with your iPhone.
First Published: September 30, 2014: 7:24 AM ET
Most Popular

Tarun Gogoi regrets PM didnt visit flood-hitAssamPress Trust of India | Guwahati | Posted: September 30, 2014 6:44 pm
Assam Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi on Tuesday regretted that Prime Minister Narendra Modi did not visit the state during the flood devastations.
“The Prime Minister not only visited Jammu and Kashmir but announced a special package for that flood-hit state immediately. In the case of Goalpara in Assam which faced unprecedented catastrophe like that of J-K, the PM did not find time to visit nor did he announce any special package,” Gogoi said.
“Much before the latest deluge, the state had experienced two waves of floods resulting in huge losses of lives and property. Why is this discrimination being meted out to the people of Assam?” Gogoi questioned.
“During the election campaigns in Assam, the Prime Minister had made promises after promises,” he said.
The chief minister said the Prime Minister did not mention about saving river Brahmaputra during his public address at the Madison Square Garden in New York, while he repeatedly talked about Ganga.
“The Prime Minister not only ignored the Brahmaputra in his address at Madison Square Garden, he also did not take up the issue of construction of dams on the Brahmaputra by China during his talks with the Chinese President despite the serious concerns expressed by the people of Assam.” Gogoi asserted.
The chief minister also came down heavily on Union Minister of State (Independent) Sarbananda Sonowal and State BJP spokesman Bijon Mahajan for allegedly “misleading the people regarding non-utilisation of Central fund for disaster relief under SDRF (State Disaster Response Fund)”.

Liquor  cattle seized on Indo-BanglaborderPrint
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: September 30, 2014 6:44 pm
The Border Security Force (BSF) have seized a huge quantity of liquor bottles, cattle, phensedyle, timber and other contraband items and apprehended five smugglers – one of them a Bangladeshi national – on the India-Bangladesh international border in Meghalaya’s Garo Hills region in the past one week.
A BSF official in the Meghalaya Frontier headquarters in Shillong said both Indian and Bangladeshi smugglers were trying to smuggle out various items into the other side despite the raging floods that have affected the Garo Hills region in the past nine days.
“Smugglers were particularly trying to take advantage of the overflowing rivers to float down wooden logs illegally felled in Meghalaya, and our troops managed to seize about 360 CFT of wooden logs in the past week,” the BSF official said.
While five smugglers – one of them a Bangladeshi national – were apprehended and handed over to the police, the BSF troops seized 1619 bottles of liquor, 145 bottles of Phnsedyle, 18 cows and other contraband items from them. These items were worth at least Rs 14 lakhs.

Indo-US relationship yet to be fully realised  need to deepen ties: Modi  Obama in jointeditorialPrime Minister Narendra Modi and the American President said it was time to set a "new agenda" and with a reinvigorated level of ambition. (Source: AP)
Express News Service | Washington | Posted: September 30, 2014 6:43 pm | Updated: October 1, 2014 1:57 am
Describing the India-US relationship as “robust, reliable and enduring”, Prime Minister Narendra Modi and US President Barack Obama on Tuesday said the “true potential” of the ties was yet to be fully realised and the advent of a new government in India was a “natural opportunity to broaden and deepen” the ties. “Forward together we go — chalein saath saath”, they declared in a joint editorial — the first by an Indian PM and an American President — in The Washington Post.
Modi and Obama said it was time to set a “new agenda”, and with a “reinvigorated level of ambition and greater confidence”, both countries could go beyond “modest and conventional goals”.
“This will be an agenda that enables us to find mutually rewarding ways to expand our collaboration in trade, investment and technology that harmonise with India’s ambitious development agenda, while sustaining the United States as the global engine of growth,” they said.
“Ties between the United States and India are rooted in the shared desire of our citizens for justice and equality. When Swami Vivekananda presented Hinduism as a world religion, he did so at the 1893 World’s Parliament of Religions in Chicago… When Martin Luther King Jr. sought to end discrimination and prejudice against African Americans, he was inspired by Mahatma Gandhi’s non-violent teachings. Gandhiji himself drew upon the writings of Henry David Thoreau,” said the editorial.
They said as global partners, they were committed to enhancing homeland security by sharing intelligence, through counter-terrorism and law-enforcement cooperation, while jointly working to maintain freedom of navigation and lawful commerce across the seas.
“Today our partnership is robust, reliable and enduring, and it is expanding. Our relationship involves more bilateral collaboration than ever before — not just at the federal level but also at the state and local levels, between our two militaries, private sectors and civil society… Indeed, so much has happened that, in 2000, then Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee could declare that we are natural allies,” they said.
“Still, the true potential of our relationship has yet to be fully realised. The advent of a new government in India is a natural opportunity to broaden and deepen our relationship… With a reinvigorated level of ambition and greater confidence, we can go beyond modest and conventional goals. It is time to set a new agenda, one that realises concrete benefits for our citizens,” said the editorial.
Talking about the existing cooperation, they said “our militaries conduct joint exercises in air, on land and at sea, and our space programmes engage in unprecedented areas of cooperation, leading us from Earth to Mars.” They also lauded the role being played by the “vibrant” continued…

Modi only had warm water at Obamas White HousedinnerPress Trust of India | Washington | Posted: September 30, 2014 6:30 pm
It was only warm water for Prime Minister Narendra Modi who turned out to be the most unusual guest in the history of White House where he was the only one who ate nothing at President Barack Obama’s dinner for him last night.
A plate in front of the Indian leader remained empty as some of the most powerful men and women in the world seated around the table ate compressed avacados, crisped halibut, safron Basmati rice and salmon.
Modi only had warm water and asked rest of the guests not to feel embarrassed and continue with their normal dinner, External Affairs Ministry Spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said.
Mango creme brulee, a classic baked cream dessert was also served during the dinner.
The dinner was attended by limited number of guests from each side.
While from the US, Vice-President Joe Biden, Secretary of State William Burns, National Security Advisor Susan Rice, USAID’s Rajiv Shah were among the nine guests, Indian delegation had External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj, National Security Advisor Ajit Doval, Indian Ambassador S Jaishankar and Foreign Secretary Sujatha Singh among others.
Prime Minister Modi has been observing Navratri fasts for last 40 years and this year it coincided with his five-day US visit from September 26.

Designer labels get a second lifeUpdated: September 30, 2014 18:54 IST
Designer labels get a second life
SHILPA AGARWAL
fashion
Do you desire to own high-end products, but cannot? Log on to Confidential Couture, an online portal for luxury buying and reselling
Designer label? Bargain? Two words most women love especially if strung together! Launched this July, Confidential Couture aims at combining both these loves with a guilt-free luxury shopping experience.
Confidential Couture is said to be India’s first online portal for luxury buying and reselling. They curate, authenticate and resell pre-owned luxury accessories by international designers at great value. With the motto that ‘A classic remains a classic even if it changes hands’, Delhi-based Anvita Mehra launched this portal in India sensing the opportunity in the expanding luxury market in India. “The consumers today are more aware of international designers and look at luxury buying from an investment point of view, seeking value for money. Normally, one would have to explore international options for something as simple as reselling a designer bag. As international transactions become troublesome for most, we identified this need and tried to introduce a simplified option for luxury sellers and buyers.”
Popularly called re-commerce, pre-owned high-fashion goods get a second life and ‘gently used’ designer accessories and bags are purchased and sold by savvy-shoppers at jaw-dropping deals. This ‘realistic luxury shopping’ experience is huge in the West with resale sites like ShopHers, Snobswap, Yoogi’s Closet stocking pre-owned world’s top luxury brands.
Many desire to have their fashion fix at a budget and these portals give them the thrill of luxury at less. It’s like always having great designer products on sale, year-round. This portal serves both as a ‘moneymaker’ if you want to sell your unwanted fashion treasures and ‘money saver’ if a careful spender wants the taste of designer luxury for less.
Anvita says their products interest fashion-forward women who strategically plan luxury purchases. On the website, the products are listed under three categories, ‘Never been used’, ‘Gently used’, and ‘Fairly used’. “Luxury products from brands like Chanel and Hermés are currently retailing at $4000 and above. These prices appreciate every six months and from an investment point of view, buying pre-owned makes a lot of sense. Also, I believe the young consumers aren’t greatly affected by the stigma of pre-owned goods and more and more people are open to buying second-hand goods.”
They stock high-end, on trend labels only after they get a thumbs-up from an expert authentication agency that uses industry-approved methods.
“Guaranteed authentication is our USP, which is a very tedious task as we look for up to 40 different markings and codes per item to authenticate it and it varies per brand. We sensed an initial scepticism in queries pertaining to the authenticity of products. To make the experience comfortable for buyers, we offer a 100 per cent refund on any product that is proven to be counterfeit.”
People approach them to get good value for products they don’t use anymore, as they were gifts or outdated. Sometimes a love affair with a product can end and people crave new styles wanting to dispose of their existing ones.
She shares the procedure on how they receive such consignments: “We accept merchandise of certain brands that actually have good resale value. Condition and trend is always a priority. One can fill up a form online and submit their request for consigning. Our team then gets in touch and gathers details and arranges for a pick-up in any city. The product is then authenticated and valued for selling.”
Confidential Couture sells all the products online. It also offers services in Delhi and Mumbai for private viewing and personal appointments to help people decide better.

Obama  Modi sign up for  better tomorrow  for their people; write joint editorialModi, Obama raise the bar for bilateral ties in joint oped
Yashwant Raj , Hindustan Times  Washington, September 30, 2014
First Published: 18:21 IST(30/9/2014) | Last Updated: 21:15 IST(21/11/2014)
Comments
India and the US will broaden and deepen their ties by going beyond “modest and conventional goals”, said Prime Minister Narendra Modi and President Barack Obama in a joint oped.
US President Barack Obama welcomes Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the dinner hosted in his honour at the White House in Washington. (PTI Photo)
The article appeared online first Tuesday morning, at http://www.washingtonpost.com , in line perhaps with the two leaders’ love of the new medium, just hours before formal talks.
Work on the oped began days ago, but it was finalised shortly before the two leaders met for the first time over dinner Monday night, joined on both sides by select senior officials.
Ahead of the dinner, the two countries released a vision statement called, “Chalein saath, saath: Forward Together We Go”, to fashion a model relationship for the rest of the world.
The vision document created a buzz among India watchers in Washington DC immediately. Some congressional staff members tweeted, “Wow”, “bold move”.
Read: Ahead of talks Modi, Obama say 'Chalein saath saath'
 
Picking up from the vision statement, the joint oped, a first in the history of India-US relations, said, “It is time to set a new agenda, one that realises concrete benefits for our citizens.”
“This will be an agenda that enables us to find mutually rewarding ways to expand our collaboration in trade, investment and technology that harmonize with India’s ambitious development agenda, while sustaining the United States as the global engine of growth.”
The oped sets the scene for the talks as much as it gives a glimpse into the thinking of the two leaders, who, clearly want to take the relationship to a new level.
A new government in Delhi is an opportunity. “The advent of a new government in India is a natural opportunity to broaden and deepen our relationship,” the leaders said.
Among the areas of focus, the oped indicated, would be the prime minister’s “Clean India” drive, leveraging “private and civil society innovation, expertise and technology”.
But the two countries are looking beyond their own interest. The region and the world will “benefit from the greater stability and security that our friendship creates”.
“We remain committed to the larger effort to integrate South Asia and connect it with markets and people in Central and Southeast Asia, the leaders wrote.
“The promise of a better tomorrow is not solely for Indians and Americans: It also beckons us to move forward together for a better world. This is the central premise of our defining partnership for the 21st century. Forward together we go — ‘chalein saath saath’”.

http://www.reuters.com/a...Morningstar strips Pimco Total Return Fund of its gold rating
Tue Sep 30, 2014 5:15am EDT
Email
Print
Bill Gross, co-founder and co-chief investment officer of Pacific Investment Management Company (PIMCO), speaks at the Morningstar Investment Conference in Chicago, Illinois, June 19, 2014.
Credit: Reuters/Jim Young
Hedge-fund-free â€“ the latest Californian fad?
(Reuters) - Morningstar downgraded its analyst rating on the Pimco Total Return Fund to "bronze" from "gold", citing uncertainty about outflows and the reshuffling of management responsibilities after the exit of co-founder Bill Gross.
    Gross, the bond market's most renowned investor, quit Pimco for distant rival Janus Capital Group Inc (JNS.N) on Friday, a day before he was expected to be fired from the huge investment firm he helped found more than 40 years ago.
    Dan Ivascyn, one of Pimco's deputy chief investment officers, was named Group Chief Investment Officer to replace Gross. With Bill Gross' abrupt departure, Pimco's $222 billion flagship Total Return Fund has been taken over by Scott Mather, Mark Kiesel and Mihir Worah.
    "The fund's Bronze Morningstar Analyst Rating reflects Morningstar's high level of confidence in PIMCO's resources and overall abilities but also the uncertainty as to exactly how all of these parts will mesh in the wake of Gross' departure," Mornigstar analyst Eric Jacobson wrote in a report on Monday.
    Since the start of the year, investors have pulled $25 billion from the Pimco Total Return Fund, the world's largest bond fund, according to Morningstar data as of the end of August. This latest downgrade could set off another chain reaction of negative cash outflow momentum for the Pimco Total Return Fund.
The Financial Times reported on Tuesday that officials at the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Federal Reserve and the US Treasury, have been talking to investors and warning them of the consequences of pulling their money from Pimco. ( on.ft.com/1xw1Yui )
Pimco CEO Doug Hodge said on Monday that the investment group is bracing for investors to pull out money following Gross's departure but expects the vast majority of clients to stick with the firm and is confident it can handle any outflows.
    "Mark, Mihir and I intend to harness our individual and collective skills to continue to deliver the same excellence to investors they have come to expect from PIMCO's Total Return Fund," Scott Mather, CIO Core Strategies said in response to Morningstar downgrade.
    Morningstar evaluates mutual funds based on five key pillars, which it believes leads to funds that are more likely to outperform over the long term on a risk-adjusted basis. A "gold rating" is assigned to a Best-of-breed fund that has garnered the analysts' highest level of conviction.
    "It will take some time to see how Ivascyn and the new managers will coalesce as a team in their new roles, but there are a number of reasons to believe they will be successful after the dust settles," Mornigstar said.
(eporting by Supriya Kurane in Bangalore and Jennifer Ablan in New York; Editing by Kim Coghill)
Tweet this

http://usat.ly/1pDPSGzFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Ford shares plunge on Investor Day bad news
Ford shares plummeted on Monday after executives warned that losses in Russia will delay a return to profitability in Europe and that this year's big losses in South America will continue. In addition,
Post to Facebook
Ford shares plunge on Investor Day bad news Ford shares plummeted on Monday after executives warned that losses in Russia will delay a return to profitability in Europe and that this year's big losses in South America will continue. In addition, Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vqmVo0
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
1
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Ford shares plunge on Investor Day bad news
Alisa Priddle, Detroit Free Press 5:09 p.m. EDT September 29, 2014
Ford Motor Company world headquarters in Dearborn, Mich.
(Photo: Ford)
20 CONNECT 15 TWEET 4 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Ford shares plummeted on Monday after executives warned that losses in Russia will delay a return to profitability in Europe and that this year's big losses in South America will continue.
In addition, management told analysts and reporters on Tuesday that last Friday's recall of 850,000 vehicles for a short-circuiting problem with an air bag control module will cost about $500 million to fix.
On the New York Stock Exchange, Ford shares closed at $15.11, down 7.47% after trading as low as $14.83. Volume was 80.1 million shares, more than triple the daily average.
Ford Investor Day: Next heavy-duty pickups to be aluminum, too
The problem in Russia is that economic sanctions in response to that country's invasion of Ukraine are having a major impact. Stephen Odell, Ford Europe president, said sanctions reduced Russia's economic growth to 0.3% so far this year and it will likely fall to zero for this year. Car sales there are down 15% and will come in at about 2.3 million for the year, or about 1 million lower than forecast, Odell said.
The automaker said it expects to report a pre-tax loss of about $1 billion in South America this year and a smaller but still substantial loss next year.
Back in North America the outlook is brighter, but even there profit margins margins in 2014 will be at the low end of its previous guidance of between 8% to 9%. Beyond this year, it said prospects should improve. Ford expects to sell 3.5 million vehicles in North American by 2020, up from 2.9 million in 2013,
In product news from the day of presentations:
• Raj Nair, Ford's head of global product development, said its next-generation of heavy-duty F-series pickups will feature extensive use of lighter aluminum like its standard-duty sibling.
"Lightweighting offers a once-in-a-lifetime chance to conquest" new buyers who might own rival trucks, said Jim Farley, head of global sales and marketing.
General Motors has said it will make its next-generation light-duty pickups of aluminum.
• Lincoln will add two new vehicles, Kumar Galhotra, head of Lincoln, said.
Galhotra did not say what they will be called, but they will not be new versions of existing vehicles. He also said the next-generation of the MKX mid-size crossover will launch next year.
20 CONNECT 15 TWEET 4 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1vqmVo0
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

http://www.nytimes.com/2...http://www.nytimes.com/2...
Rupee Ends Lower at 61.74  Sees Worst Month Since August 2013You are here: Home Forex
Rupee Ends Lower at 61.74, Sees Worst Month Since August 2013
Reuters | Updated On: September 30, 2014 18:14 (IST)
Dollar Hits Seven-Year High vs Yen Ahead of Fed Minutes
Mumbai: The rupee fell on Monday, posting its worst month since the record low levels of August 2013, as the dollar continued to strengthen against emerging market currencies over growing bets for an early hike in US interest rates.
The rupee fell around 2.1 per cent in September, the most since a fall of 8.8 per cent in August last year, when the currency was in the midst of the worst market turmoil since the balance of payment crisis of 1991.
Gains earlier in the year have stalled, with the rupee falling around 2.64 per cent in the July-September quarter, around growing worries that improving US economic data would allow the Federal Reserve to start raising interest rates.
That has trumped the outlook for domestic interest rates given the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Tuesday kept the repo rate unchanged and sent a strong signal that it will refrain from easing until it is confident that consumer inflation can be reduced to 6 per cent by January 2016.
"The dollar has been gaining, with the yen and euro both struggling against it," said Manis Thanawala, director at Greenback Forex, a currency risk advisory firm in Mumbai.
"Also, there were half-yearly corporate payments and position squaring by banks. Traders wanted to stay light before the holidays."
The partially convertible rupee ended at 61.7450/61.7550 per dollar compared with Monday's close of 61.53/54.
The rupee hit an intra-day low of 61.83, a level last seen on March 5 after the euro fell below 1.26 against the dollar.
The weakening rupee comes as the dollar gained more than 7 per cent against a basket of major currencies over the past three months and was poised to finish the month with its best quarterly gain in six years.
In the offshore non-deliverable forwards, the one-month contract was at 62.09/19, while the three-month was at 62.72/82.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Applicable Average Base Rate for the Quarter beginning October 01  2014 is 10.09 per centSep 30, 2014, 06.24 PM IST  | Source: RBI
Applicable Average Base Rate for the Quarter beginning October 01, 2014 is 10.09 per cent
Applicable Average Base Rate for the Quarter beginning October 01, 2014 is 10.09 per cent
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Applicable Average Base Rate for the Quarter beginning October 01, 2014 is 10.09 per cent
Applicable Average Base Rate for the Quarter beginning October 01, 2014 is 10.09 per cent
Post your opinion here
 
The applicable average base rate for Non-Banking Financial Company-Micro-Finance Institutions (NBFC-MFIs) to arrive at the interest rates they can charge their borrowers for the quarter beginning October 01, 2014 is 10.09 per cent. This was communicated by the Reserve Bank of India.
Background
In its circular dated February 7, 2014 issued to NBFC-MFIs regarding pricing of credit, the Reserve Bank had stated that it will advise the average of the base rates of the five largest commercial banks on the last working day of the quarter, for the purpose of arriving interest rates to be charged by NBFC-MFIs to borrowers in the ensuing quarter.
Ajit Prasad
Assistant General Manager
Press Release : 2014-2015/682

Transcorp International: Outcome of board meetingSep 30, 2014, 06.02 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Transcorp International: Outcome of board meeting
Transcorp International has board Meeting held on September 30, 2014, allotted 1017048 Equity shares as bonus shares at par in proportion of 1 (one) such new Equity share for every 4 (four) existing equity share held to the shareholders whose names are appearing in register of members on the closing hours of 29th September 29, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Transcorp International: Outcome of board meeting
Transcorp International has board Meeting held on September 30, 2014, allotted 1017048 Equity shares as bonus shares at par in proportion of 1 (one) such new Equity share for every 4 (four) existing equity share held to the shareholders whose names are appearing in register of members on the closing hours of 29th September 29, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Transcorp International Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its Meeting held on September 30, 2014, allotted 1017048 Equity shares as bonus shares at par in proportion of 1 (one) such new Equity share for every 4 (four) existing equity share held to the shareholders whose names are appearing in register of members on the closing hours of 29th September 29, 2014.Source : BSE

WH Brady Company: Outcome of AGMSep 30, 2014, 06.02 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
WH Brady & Company: Outcome of AGM
WH Brady & Company has informed that the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 27, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
WH Brady & Company: Outcome of AGM
WH Brady & Company has informed that the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 27, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
WH Brady & Company Ltd has informed BSE that the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 27, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Sonia rejects Pawar s remark that Congress responsible for breakupSep 30, 2014 at 05:31pm IST
Sonia rejects Pawar's remark that Congress responsible for breakup
9
0
Jammu: Congress president Sonia Gandhi on Tuesday rejected NCP chief Sharad Pawar's remark that her party was responsible for ending their 15-year-old alliance over seat-sharing in Maharashtra.
"The reason for it (severing of ties) was not us, not me, not Rahul, not Congress," Gandhi told reporters here when asked about Pawar's reported remarks that Congress was responsible for the alliance break up.
Pawar had reportedly said that his party was noticing for long that Congress vice president Rahul Gandhi and his team were trying to marginalize alliance partners.
The NCP-Congress tie-up came about in 1999 ironically even after Sharad Pawar led a revolt against Sonia Gandhi's foreign origin and formed the party.
#sonia gandhi #sharad pawar #ncp #congress
The NCP-Congress tie-up came about in 1999 ironically even after Sharad Pawar led a revolt against Sonia Gandhi's foreign origin and formed the party.
The two parties had been sharing power in Maharashtra for 15 years and NCP was a part of the Congress-led UPA government for past ten years.
The breakup of the alliance has led to charges and countercharges from the two parties with leaders like former Maharashtra chief minister Prithviraj Chavan holding Pawar's nephew and former Deputy Chief Minister Ajit Pawar responsible for the split.
2

Accord priority berthing to coastal ships: Government to major ports2
0
New Delhi: In a bid to boost coastal shipping, the government has asked all the 12 major ports to accord priority berthing to such vessels and facilitate faster movement of cargo.
"Major ports shall accord priority berthing, at least on one berth, to dry bulk/general cargo coastal vessels to enable shippers to transport goods from one port in India to another port in India irrespective of origin and final destination of the cargo," Ministry of Shipping has directed major ports.
This would be in addition to dedicated berth, for handling of coastal thermal coal already existing in major ports, the ministry said. India has 12 major ports - Kandla, Mumbai, JNPT, Marmugao, New Managlore, Cochin, Chennai, Ennore, VO Chidambarnar, Visakhapatnam, Paradip and Kolkata (including Haldia) which handle approximately 61 per cent of cargo traffic.
This would be in addition to dedicated berth, for handling of coastal thermal coal already existing in major ports, the ministry said.
#tracking the modi government #coastal ships #shipping ministry #vishwapati trivedi
The ministry directed the ports to accord priority berthing through "specific window to coastal container vessels". It has also undertaken a slew of steps to promote coastal shipping including measures to tap global environment fund for creating additional capacities in the sector.
Earlier this month, Shipping Secretary Vishwapati Trivedi has said that quick decisions in policy issues in the current political environment has given a push to the sector and efforts are on to tap the World Bank-managed Global Environment Fund (GEF) to promote coastal shipping.
At present India occupies 17th slot in global shipping capacity in EXIM trade measures are on to enhance it as the Ministry plans to boost coastal shipping four-fold by 2020.
India has a coastline over 7,000 km long yet coastal shipping in the country is still in its infancy with a fleet of about 700 ships accounting for just about 10 per cent of the total tonnage. India's EXIM cargo in terms of volume is approximately 611 million tonnes (MT) valued at about $279 billion.
5

EBay Spinning Off PayPal Into Separate Publicly Traded CompanySPECIAL LIVE COVERAGE FROM ABC NEWS
RADAR: Heavy Rain and Storms Moving Across Eastern US
EXPLORE.ORG: Underwater Sea Nettles Cam
WARNING: VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAMING COVERAGE
LIVE Coverage Calendar

Global Stock Markets Mostly Turn HigherAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Review: The Devil s in the detailEnglish cinema
A New York cop needs help from a chain-smoking Catholic priest to make paranormal sense of some violent crimes on his beat.
Writer Stephen King, who acquired much fame (and a tidy fortune) by spooking people with creepy horror stories, had a ready explanation to account for the success of his genre: horror, he noted, has an inexplicable mesmeric quality to it. It draws you in, even if you are good of heart, which is why you can’t look away when you pass by the site of a traffic accident, however horrendous you may know the blood and gore will be.
Patrons of horror and paranormal flicks such as *Deliver Us From Evil know pretty much what they’re letting themselves in for: paying good money to get frightened out of their wits inside darkened halls isn’t paranormal behaviour for them. Which is why we have endless recyclings of what is essentially the same formulaic story of demoniac possession, its evil manifestations, the battle between Good and Evil (cue: a spot of evangelical Bible-thumping), a climactic exorcism ritual, and the happy deliverance from all things evil.
Deliver Us From Evil
Director:Scott Derrickson
Cast: Eric Bana, Edgar Ramirez, Sean Harris, Chris Coy, Olivia Munn
Storyline:A New York cop needs help from a chain-smoking Catholic priest to make paranormal sense of some violent crimes on his beat.
Bottomline: *The Exorcist for the post-millennial age. Cliched but spooky nonetheless.
And yet, within that broad story superstructure, the devil is in the details. Director Scott Derrickson is on familiar territory here, given his earlier offerings: *The Exorcism of Emily Rose and *Sinister. In *Deliver…, therefore, he could easily have avoided the trite clichés that characterise film-making in this genre: you know, the Senseless Scenes that Startle, such as a cat jumping onto the protagonist (where the mood has been set up for something evil round that corner). Sadly, he yields too readily to the temptation to trot out cheap thrills.
But, that aside, the movie delivers what every horror flick fan looks for: a gritty narrative that sets hearts palpitating wildly. There’s a brooding creepiness about the entire film, shot in low light to enhance the spook quotient. The storyline, which draws from a book by Ralph Sarchie, a retired New York cop who turned demonologist after his experience of encountering “inhuman evil” in the line of duty, is fairly simple.
Sarchie (played by Eric Bana), a doubting Thomas, is called upon to investigate a string of horrific crimes in New York, but finds himself thrown into the orbit of Mendoza (played by Edgar Ramirez), the chain-smoking Catholic priest (who gives waitresses the glad eye), who sees “inhuman evil” at play. Sarchie finds himself sucked into the vortex of evil, putting his own sanity (and the safety of his family) at grievous risk, but is redeemed in the end, after an overlong exorcism ritual in the interrogation room of a cop station (which, frankly, has you feeling nostalgic for *The Exorcist).
If there’s one jarring note, it is Derrickson’s invocation of The Doors as a shamanic messenger: the band’s songlines play a recurring role among the demoniacally possessed in the film, but that narrative strand hangs somewhat loose. An attempt at meaningless intellectualising, which falls flat.

ABB bags Rs.172 cr order in BangladeshUpdated: September 29, 2014 23:53 IST
ABB bags Rs.172 cr order in Bangladesh
Special Correspondent
electricity production and distribution
Power and automation technology group ABB has bagged an order for around Rs.172 crore from Power Grid Company of Bangladesh Limited (PGCB).
Announcing this, in a press release on Monday, the company said as part of the order it would be providing four new turnkey substations and help expand six others. The order is also to enhance transmission capacity and boost power supply.
The work is part of Bangladesh’s ongoing power systems expansion and efficiency improvement programme aimed at upgrading the country’s generation, transmission and distribution systems. Increasing capacity, improving efficiency, enhancing the power reliability and reducing environmental impact are the objectives sought to be achieved. Around 4.5 lakh households will receive new power connections through this programme.
ABB’s project scope includes design, supply, installation and commissioning of the substations. The product supplies would include power transformers, high and medium voltage switchgear, control and protection equipment and substation automation systems conforming to global IEC 61850 open communication standards, the release said.

IPL spot-fixing: Dawood  Shakeel proclaimed ...Dawood Ibrahim
(It said Dawood has properties…)
NEW DELHI: Underworld dons Dawood Ibrahim , Chhota Shakeel and one other co-accused were today declared as proclaimed offenders by a Delhi court in connection with the 2013 IPL spot-fixing scandal case.
Additional Sessions Judge Neena Bansal Krishna declared Dawood, Shakeel and Chandigarh-based Sandeep Sharma, who were chargesheeted by the special cell of Delhi police along with suspended cricketers S Sreesanth , Ajit Chandela, Ankit Chavan and others in the case, as they are evading arrest in the matter.
During the hearing, the special cell told the court that properties of Dawood and Shakeel in Mumbai have already been attached earlier in connection with the 1993 Mumbai serial blast case and upon inquiry it has been revealed that they have not visited India since 1993.
It said Dawood has properties in his name at Dongri in Mumbai whereas Shakeel owns property in Nagpada there.
The police told the judge that they have also questioned the neighbours of Dawood and Shakeel in Mumbai and they have informed that both the accused have not been seen in the locality since 1993.
The court had earlier issued open non-bailable warrants against these accused who were chargesheeted in the case.
The court has fixed the matter for further hearing on November 14.
According to police, Sandeep was an important link in the case as he was a part of the syndicate which run by Dawood and which was involved in the IPL spot-fixing scandal.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PayPal to separate from eBay Inc. in 2015You are here: Home > Collections > Paypal
PayPal to separate from eBay Inc. in 2015
AP Sep 30, 2014, 04.54PM IST
Tags:
SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA: PayPal is splitting from EBay Inc. and will become a separate and publicly traded company next year.
The separation is expected to occur in the second half of 2015.
EBay said Tuesday that its board decided that the separation was the best path for growth and shareholder value creation for each business.
Dan Schulman, the president of the enterprise growth group at American Express , will be the new president at PayPal, effective immediately. The 56-year-old will become PayPal's CEO once the separation takes place.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Modi only had warm water at Obama s White House dinnerPress Trust of India | Washington | Posted: September 30, 2014 6:30 pm
It was only warm water for Prime Minister Narendra Modi who turned out to be the most unusual guest in the history of White House where he was the only one who ate nothing at President Barack Obama’s dinner for him last night.
A plate in front of the Indian leader remained empty as some of the most powerful men and women in the world seated around the table ate compressed avacados, crisped halibut, safron Basmati rice and salmon.
Modi only had warm water and asked rest of the guests not to feel embarrassed and continue with their normal dinner, External Affairs Ministry Spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said.
Mango creme brulee, a classic baked cream dessert was also served during the dinner.
The dinner was attended by limited number of guests from each side.
While from the US, Vice-President Joe Biden, Secretary of State William Burns, National Security Advisor Susan Rice, USAID’s Rajiv Shah were among the nine guests, Indian delegation had External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj, National Security Advisor Ajit Doval, Indian Ambassador S Jaishankar and Foreign Secretary Sujatha Singh among others.
Prime Minister Modi has been observing Navratri fasts for last 40 years and this year it coincided with his five-day US visit from September 26.

Modi only had warm water at Obamas White House dinnerPress Trust of India | Washington | Posted: September 30, 2014 6:30 pm
It was only warm water for Prime Minister Narendra Modi who turned out to be the most unusual guest in the history of White House where he was the only one who ate nothing at President Barack Obama’s dinner for him last night.
A plate in front of the Indian leader remained empty as some of the most powerful men and women in the world seated around the table ate compressed avacados, crisped halibut, safron Basmati rice and salmon.
Modi only had warm water and asked rest of the guests not to feel embarrassed and continue with their normal dinner, External Affairs Ministry Spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said.
Mango creme brulee, a classic baked cream dessert was also served during the dinner.
The dinner was attended by limited number of guests from each side.
While from the US, Vice-President Joe Biden, Secretary of State William Burns, National Security Advisor Susan Rice, USAID’s Rajiv Shah were among the nine guests, Indian delegation had External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj, National Security Advisor Ajit Doval, Indian Ambassador S Jaishankar and Foreign Secretary Sujatha Singh among others.
Prime Minister Modi has been observing Navratri fasts for last 40 years and this year it coincided with his five-day US visit from September 26.

M&M launches new ScorpioSave this video
Copy URL
Gearing up to meet an increasing competition in the SUV segment, Mahindra & Mahindra launched the new Scorpio priced between Rs 7.98 lakh-Rs 11.46 lakh (ex-showroom Mumbai). The new Scorpio will take on the likes of Renault Duster and Tata Safari Storme.
215

Jolla smartphone comes to IndiaSave this video
Copy URL
Finnish smartphone maker Jolla has launched its Jolla smartphone at Rs 16,499 in India. The company has inked an exclusive partnership with Indian e-commerce company SnapDeal to introduce the smartphone in the country.
107

Madras miscellany: The Father of Indian Botanyhistory
The news that the Schmidt Memorial on Elliot’s Beach was being restored and the area around it landscaped is welcome indeed. But while this memorial has kept alive for several decades memories of the courage of a young Danish mercantile executive (Miscellany, September 23, 2013), there have been at least two other persons with Danish connections in the city’s past who deserve commemoration for significant contributions they made to Madras — and even to India.
John Goldingham was of Danish descent but was more British than Dane. He was the first official head of the oldest modern observatory in the country and of the oldest modern technical school in Asia, both surviving to this day. But better remembered is what was considered his patron Lord Edward Clive’s folly — or entertainment space. Built by Goldingham to host the Governor’s Council, this Assembly Hall became better known as Banqueting Hall (and should I say ‘Ballroom’?) but today languishes as Rajaji Hall. Making me wonder how this splendid building can be revived and given new life.
Goldingham’s contributions may be remembered by a few, but very, very few outside the scientific community are likely to remember a German who made Denmark his home and later contributed significantly to India. Dr. Johann Gerhard König was a Danish-trained physician who served the Madras Government in the late 18th Century but became better known as ‘The Father of Indian Botany’, with scientific botany in India emerging through his efforts.
Born in what is now Latvia, König moved to Denmark in 1748 to study and became a private pupil of Linnaeus at Uppsala University from 1757. He lived and worked in Denmark till he came out to Tranquebar in 1768 to serve the Danish Halle Mission as its medical officer. Simultaneously, he worked with the Nawab of Arcot as his Naturalist and travelled throughout his domain (virtually what became the Madras Presidency) and Ceylon. In 1778, he was appointed the East India Company’s first Natural Historian /Naturalist/ Botanist and served in that capacity till his death near Vizagapatam in 1785. Amongst those who benefitted from his training them as naturalists were the Rev. Christoph John and Rev. Johann Rottler in Tranquebar and William Roxburgh in Madras. It was Roxburgh who treated him during his last days in what is now Andhra Pradesh when dysentery was felling him. J. König, a name to reckon with in Indian botanical terminology, was responsible for South India being the earliest centre for botanical and zoological research in the country.
Until König came along, plants found in India by the ‘greens’ were sent to Europe to be classified and described by scientists like Linnaeus and others. König introduced the Linnaean rules in India and was soon followed by others. Many of these students of Indian vegetation in the Peninsula and Ceylon, like James Anderson, Francis Hamilton-Buchanan, Roxburgh, Rottler, and John and a few others formed a society to promote botanical studies, exchanged specimens and information on new species collected, and, acting in concert as a society, named them. But as they became more confident of their botanical knowledge, some of them began naming their finds themselves without consultation. All this information was sent by them to European botanists who published the information under the names sent to them or under names they had changed the originals to. Later authors of botanical information, like Edward Balfour and Robert Wight, tended to use the names in general use at the time, but also offered the synonyms that had been earlier used. One of the names listed is Murraya Königii, a species of curry leaves.
Footnote: Searching for material for this column constantly throws up new leads to follow. And while writing today’s piece I came across the name of Dr. Francis Appavoo. Here was an Indian who, as early as the 1860s, was in charge of the Conservator of Forests’ office in Madras. I wonder if anyone can tell me more about him.
*****
A commitment to restoration
I had met Father Vijay Kiran many years ago in the Archbishopric’s archives and had been very pleased to meet someone who was more than an administrator, who was, in fact, a person who valued the riches he was in charge of. When I heard he had been transferred, I was rather dismayed because it would have been difficult to find someone who would have appreciated as much as him the history of the archdiocese. I was therefore delighted when I met him the other day to find that his interest in the past had led him to becoming a committed conservationist, now calling on his fellow Roman Catholic clergymen to maintain, and restore where necessary, their churches.
When I met Fr. Kiran a couple of weeks ago, it was at a viva for his second doctorate. His thesis this time was Conservation of Church Architecture (Buildings) and Their Artifacts in Tamil Nadu, and it was an excellent presentation that he made of it, ending with an appeal to parish priests to ensure regular maintenance of their churches and restoration of them if they were heritage buildings. Towards this end, he urged the support of the archdioceses.
After the presentation, I was rather surprised when an elderly, rather well-spoken man, who I got the impression was a retired priest, wondered whether it was really necessary to restore old churches when it was so much less expensive to build new ones to suit the congregations of today. He had me wondering whether, with his obviously cultured background, he really appreciated the cinematic elements that have been creeping into representations in many churches, whether all new churches had to sport St. Peter’s domes, and whether, if heritage was not particularly important, the leaders of faiths for hundreds of years should be forsaken for new messiahs.
Be that as it may, what was particularly pleasing was to hear that Fr. Kiran had during his three-year parish priesthood at St. Anthony’s, Pudupet, collected over Rs. 25 lakh to restore that 80-plus-year-old church using the best possible conservation practices that he had read about and heard of from a few conservationists. With this knowledge he had supervised the entire work — and now it only needed regular maintenance to retain its attention-drawing appearance.
There is a tradition that the French Capuchins had ministered to the needs of the rather impoverished Roman Catholics of Pudupet before it became the parish of Pudupet in 1873, a part of the then Archdiocese of Mylapore. Fr. Y. Arulappa was appointed parish priest in 1909 and was to hold the post for the next 20 years. It was during his tenure that the Church of St. Anthony of Padua, the church restored by Fr. Kiran, was built, being consecrated in September 1927. Starting a collection drive in October 1920, Fr. Arulappa had funds enough by the end of the year to have the confidence to invite a papal dignitary to lay the foundation in January 1921. But collecting the funds to finish the work was a slow process.
Priests who succeeded Fr. Arulappa embellished the church over the years that followed — a pale wooden altar was replaced by a gleaming ebony one, the interior was painted and improved with paintings, and other elements of beauty were added. All those and the building itself have now been restored — an example for the nearly 1,200 Catholic churches in Tamil Nadu, about 375 of which date to before 1947 and considered by Fr. Kiran, who visited and listed all of them for his thesis, as heritage churches. He hopes his lead will be followed in other States and by other denominations. For me, it was great to find a fellow-enthusiast for heritage.
******
When the postman knocked…
* Does John Pereira’s Garden still exist and, if so, where, wonders reader Raymond Pereira. I don’t know whether my correspondent is a descendant of John Pereira, but I can only disappoint him. To the best of my knowledge, the garden, once a small coconut thope at the southwest extremity of Peddanaickenpet, in the vicinity of where the General Hospital was developed, no longer exists, being completely built over. It belonged originally to Joao Pereira de Faria (John Pereira), a prosperous merchant of Negapatam (Nagapattinam), who fled the Dutch occupation and re-settled in Madras in 1660 with a house in White Town (Fort St. George). The Fort had 118 houses within it at the time, 79 of them belonging to Portuguese merchants and employees of the East India Company. Pereira’s daughter Escolastica married Cosmo Lourenco Madera (or Madeiros) who built the Descanco Church on St. Mary’s Road, Mylapore. Their son, the merchant-seafarer Luis Madera, was the owner of the garden house that his widow Antonia Madeiros sold to Governor Saunders and which became the nucleus of Government House, so rudely pulled down not so long ago to build a new legislature that has now been transformed into a hospital.
* My reference the other day to the statue of Rev. G.U. Pope on the Marina ( Miscellany, September 8 ), had K.V. Iyer asking me whether I knew that Pope owed his Tamil scholarship to Ramanuja Kavirayar. Not only did I not know that, but I must confess that I had not heard of Pope’s guru. I did, however, go a-digging and found that this Ramanathapuram-born scholar was in his thirties when he come to Madras in 1820 and began bringing out in print for the first time the Tamil classics with commentaries. But simultaneously he began gaining a reputation as an outstanding teacher of Tamil. Among his pupils were Pope (who acknowledged him as “my first teacher of Tamil”), the Rev. Myron Winslow, the Rev. W.H. Drew and the Rev. C.T. Rhenius. He helped Winslow with his English-Tamil dictionary and Drew with his translation of the Thirukkural into English. The other two missionaries also owed much to his advice for the literary works they produced. But from all accounts, despite his contribution to Tamil literature, Ramanuja Kavirayar was best known as an outstanding scholar and teacher.

Write your blues awayUpdated: September 28, 2014 16:43 IST
Write your blues away
health
Psychologists suggest that writing about life experiences can have cathartic effects and promote well-being.
Each day, your anxiety ratchets up a few notches as you await your exam results. Being one of the few who were not recruited during campus placements, your morale is at an all-time-low. Over the past few weeks, you have been having frequent skirmishes with your parents who are equally worried about your future. You try and keep your cool, but, sometimes, life can be overwhelming, and stress can take a toll on your physical and mental well-being.
But what can you do when circumstances are beyond your control? Talking with your parents and peers only seems to stress you out further. You do not want to present a sour face to your friends who are doing well, and your parents are too agitated themselves to counsel you. So, how do you deal with the gnawing tension that is simmering within you? The answer is so simple that it almost seems nonsensical — write about your problems. Yes, you read it right. Research by psychologists suggests that writing about life experiences can have cathartic effects and can promote well-being. Sounds far-fetched? Read on.
Words can heal
Psychologist James Pennebaker has been investigating the therapeutic power of writing for over two decades. In a 1997 article in Psychological Science, where he provides an overall review of various studies, he claims that individuals who pen down their thoughts about emotional experiences, show “significant physical and mental health improvements.” Most studies follow a basic paradigm where individuals are asked to write about a given topic for 15 to 30 minutes for three to five consecutive days. Those who write about emotional events require fewer visits to the doctor than they did prior to the writing exercise; this effect was found to last for up to six months to a year in different studies. By contrast, a control group that writes about superficial topics does not show similar gains in health. Likewise, writing about upsetting events, while initially distressing, promotes well-being in the long term. Interestingly, students who were in the emotional writing group got better grades in the months right after the study.
The body responds
In another overview of expressive writing studies, published in 2005 in Advances in Psychiatric Treatment, authors Karen Baike and Kay Wilhelm list specific health benefits like better lung and liver function, lower blood pressure and enhanced immune functioning. Other benefits involve less absenteeism from work, enhanced performance in sports and better working memory, which refers to the amount of information a person can hold in his or her mind so that it can be manipulated if required.
In order for expressive writing to have positive outcomes, you must ensure that what you write remains confidential as you do not want to be judged by it. Further, do not worry about the technical aspects of writing like spelling, grammar and punctuation. What is important is that you process your deepest feelings and thoughts about emotional issues that have impacted you.
Impact
While all of the above studies used a similar writing paradigm of asking subjects to record their heartfelt and intense responses, there is another form of journalling that is also associated with beneficial outcomes. In a paper published in the Journal of Personality and Social Psychology in 2003, Robert Emmons and Michael McCullough found that people who maintained a weekly gratitude journal, where they listed five things, either great or small, that they were thankful for, were more optimistic about their life. Further, when participants did this exercise daily, they were more likely to report that they helped another person. In another study, published in the Journal of Writing Research in 2009, Steven Toepfer and Kathleen Walker examined the impact of writing three letters of gratitude over an eight-week period. Participants, who were all college students, were asked to write letters to people who they felt grateful to in a significant way. The researchers found that students who engaged in this exercise experienced greater subjective well-being.
Keep a diary
Now that the evidence has been presented for you, perhaps it is time to make those diary entries and write more ‘thank you’ letters. For the next few weeks, try maintaining a journal where you jot down what you are grateful for. It could be anything from the lofty to the mundane. Or, surprise a family member or close friend with a letter where you voice your heartfelt appreciation. If you feel your well-being improves as a result, it won’t take much to keep up these exercises. However, if you feel that your miseries and misgivings are causing mental mayhem and preventing you from acting in positive ways, don’t hesitate to seek professional help.
The author is director, Prayatna. Email: arunasankara@gmail.com

Huawei launches flagship Honor 6 smartphone and Honor T1 tabletRunning on Android 4.4.2 KitKat OS, the flagship Huawei Honor 6 runs on an octa-core HiSilicon Kirin 920 SoC processor with 3GB RAM.
Tech Desk | New Delhi | Posted: September 29, 2014 5:56 pm | Updated: October 2, 2014 6:55 am
Huawei has exclusively partnered with online retailer flipkart.com to introduce its new Honor range of devices which includes two smartphones- Honor 6 and Honor Holly and two tablets- Honor X1 and Honor T1. The Honor 6 is the flagship smartphone of Huawei and is priced at Rs. 19,999. The new range of devices will be going on sale starting October 6 on Flipkart.
The Honor 6 runs on an octa-core HiSilicon Kirin 920 SoC processor with 3GB RAM and Mali T628 GPU. Running on Android 4.4.2 KitKat OS along with Huawei’s custom Emotion UI 2.3, the flagship smartphone features a 5-inch JDI full HD in -cell display at 445 ppi of pixel density. It supports LTE CAT6 and is 4G-ready with Band 3 support.
The flagship phone sports a 13 MP rear camera along with a 5 MP front camera and is powered by a 3100 mAh non-removable battery. It offers 16 GB on internal storage which can be further expanded up to 64 GB.
Along with the flagship Honor 6, Huawei also introduced its MediaPad Honor T1 tablet at a price of Rs. 9,999. Running on Android 4.3 Jelly Bean OS with Emotion UI, the tablet runs on a 1.2 GHz Snapdragon 200 quad-core processor with 1 GB RAM.
The Honor T1 tablet allows 2G/3G calling and sports a 5 MP rear camera and a VGA front camera with 8 GB of internal storage which can be expanded up to 32 GB. Featuring an 8-inch HD IPS display, the device is powered by a 4,800 mAh battery.

Barring IT & pharma  Q2 earnings to disappoint: Dimensions08:00 am
The correction in Indian equities is on the back of global cues and there is no reason to buy the market apart from liquidity, says Ajay Srivastava, CEO, Dimensions Consulting.
The Indian stock market has been on stellar run on the back of reform hopes from the Modi-led government at the Centre. However, market participants are likely to opt for reallocation of funds if no big-bang policy announcements are made in the next six months.
Meanwhile, the second quarter India Inc earnings, which will kick-off from the October 10 could be a disappointment barring IT and pharma companies, cautions Srivastava.
Cherry-picking his best bets, he says that one should consider investing in good quality stocks which will continue to perform well. From the private banking space,  Axis Bank is a better bet than ICICI Bank .  Infosys and  Tech Mahindra are his top picks in the IT pack.
He expects Infosys to give best returns after Tech Mahindra.
In the automobile pack, he is bullish on Hero MotoCorp and prefers staying away from Ashok Leyland . Those betting on the India auto story should surely include Maruti in the portfolio, he adds.
Srivastava is also gung-ho on largecap pharma companies and expects them to fetch 25 percent returns the in mid-term. Cipla , Lupin , Sun Pharma and  Ranbaxy are a must in the portfolio, he recommends. He is positive on MNC pharma companies in the midcap space, but he holds very few midcap stocks in his portfolio.
He also suggests buying  L&T on dips.
Also Read: Nifty consolidating; focus is on defensives, says Motilal Oswal
Below is the verbatim transcript of Ajay Srivastava\\'s interview with Anuj Singhal & Reema Tendulkar on CNBC-TV18.
Anuj: Do you get a sense that this is that bull market correction that everyone was looking for or would this also be a shallow affair and the market would be back to all time highs in no time just like it has panned out all through the last seven-eight months?
A: One has to look at it not from a domestic perspective. We always look at it from a global perspective where the markets are going because we maybe in the minority at this point of time or earlier to believe that the whole rally was a relief rally plus something back on a global equity upsurge. So if you see the global equity markets reacting, India can stay out of it. If it is going to be severe tightening in the US, India will get hurt accordingly.
Number three is, that domestic factors, they are not giving you any major impetus to go buy in the market, nothing happening on the ground in the economy, which tells you that you should go, buy the stories. The reason you are buying even at these valuations, post corrected valuations because there is a huge global liquidity upsurge giving you tick to the global equity markets. No other reason justifies barring select sectors which you go and buy in this kind of a market at this valuations.
So the answer is that if you see new highs, it is going to be backed by global flows. If you see the new lows perhaps after some more time, it is going to be because of lack of domestic initiatives but clearly one thing is out very clearly is that the main line stock, the good quality stocks are going to have a good time, the bad quality, the so called midcap story are not going to get anything close to the return that people are looking at.
Anuj: Are you getting a sense that if there is a continuous FII selling, for example we saw for last four-five days, in that case the downside for this market could be deep, what could be the worst case scenario in the current correction?
A: I don’t think it is going to be that deep as we are talking about unless something drastic happens in a global market. The selling has been if at all I would say a muted selling of a kind compared to the money which came in and about the money has gone out, it is nothing to talk about. These are normal correction, which keep happening.
The real issue is that will India be able to come up to the expectation what the global community is expecting, that is one. So will there be now a shift to say that there are good domestic factors to start buying into the market, more than global liquidity more than the first flush which has come in with the euphoria etc and that is the trigger because if there is no such initiative in the next six-nine months, lot of despondency will take place, a lot of people will try to reallocate back and say listen, it is a same old story all over again.
If we see substantial action, yes, I don’t think lows will come but if no action happens on the front that we have been talking about policy and we have seen no action so far in the last three-four months, I think very little has been seen on the ground no matter what is on the televisions. So that would see that the market has to then travel down from these valuations to more realistic valuations post the numbers of Q2 and Q3 numbers. So one cannot take a call today but the call will come that as soon as the government comes down with something concrete and we will see some action on the ground. Reserve Bank of India (RBI) can help a lot in that but let us hope it does.
Reema: We have had the SC verdict on the coal block de-allocation and stocks like Hindalco as well as JSPl have corrected a bit. Are they still an avoid?
A: If you look at the coal verdict, it showed absolute lack of any kind of government initiative. We are not very clear about the repercussions the banks, on these companies, the penalties and all kind of stuff which is going to float in the next three-four months. This is what I was saying that you are saying buy into the sector but I am saying there is so much uncertainty in the sector today, one doesn’t know where it is going to end up. We are back to nationalisation era at this point of time.
Last coal block option didn’t get a very good response. So one doesn’t know where the sector will come. Hindalco is not a coal block story. It is a more Novelis story now than a coal block story. So you would buy Hindalco for two reasons I would say. Novelis turnaround, expansion of capacity and the copper story coming out in Hindalco. I don’t think it is too much of a coal block situation for Hindalco at least.
Reema: Let me come to the earnings season then. You do not think that will provide a trigger?
A: Barring IT and pharmaceutical, I don’t think it will be a trigger at all. It will be a disappointing quarter. Banks will disappoint, quite a bit of industry will disappoint. The only ones which will give spectacular results will be the pharmaceutical and IT sector. Fast moving consumer goods (FMCG) will be very muted in the context of what we are talking about. So barring these two sectors, the results are going to be sub-par in this quarter.
Purely backed on the fact that the retail buying is not taking shape, the bank loan portfolios are not growing in a healthy manner, non-performing assets (NPAs) are going to rise. So all and all we are looking at a more stagnating economy than a vigorous economy. You can say green shoots and all those things but we are talking of growth. We are not talking of green shoots and growth is not there at this point of time on the ground.
Anuj: Let us talk about three-four names that the market leaders which have corrected 8-10 percent now, ICICI Bank has corrected about 10 percent, ONGC has corrected close to 10 percent and the L&T is close to 9 percent lower from recent highs, would you have courage to buy these three names now given the fact that there are some headwinds and as I said, earning season could throw some negative surprises?
A: If you look at the banking sector, I would still position that Axis Bank perhaps would be a better buy than ICICI Bank at this point of time in relative to the performance, relative to the valuations etc. so you may not want to take -- if you really want to be in banking sector, take out ICICI Bank and maybe substitute to Axis Bank, should give you better return -- I think Axis also should have fallen a little more than ICICI Bank in the context of 9-10 percent that we are talking about.
If you look at L&T, it is a stock unfortunately -- if you are playing the infrastructure story, the India story, you have to have in a portfolio. It is not a question of valuations, it is a question of a long-term keepsake that -- what do you buy otherwise? If you don’t buy L&T, that means you cannot buy India story at all in the infrastructure side. So L&T, I would still say is a buy on dips kind of a situation at this point of time, Axis Bank would be better.
For ONGC - I would still believe that with the falling oil prices, oil marketing companies represent a much better bet on valuation than ONGC. Given the oil exploration policy, which is not very clear, what is going to happen to gas pricing is not very clear, I would still say I would put the money in oil marketing companies, which have also seen about 20 percent correction or thereabouts or maybe 15 percent, I would rather put the money there than ONCG at this point.

Diesel Price Likely to be Cut After Five YearsYou are here: Home Economy
Diesel Price Likely to be Cut After 5 Years
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 30, 2014 14:09 (IST)
Commercial Mining of Coal to be Allowed After Auction: Finance Minister
Diesel price is likely to be cut by about Re 1 per litre, the first reduction in rates in over five years, while petrol price may be slashed by Rs 1.75. Diesel rates were last cut on January 29, 2009 when they were reduced by Rs 2 a litre to Rs 30.86.
State-owned oil firms are likely to announce reduction in rates, made possible because of softening in international oil rates, this evening, government and industry sources said.
Under-recovery or the difference between retail price and its imported cost was wiped out and there was an over-recovery of 35 paise a litre from September 16. This over-recovery is now about Re 1 a litre.
While the government had resisted the temptation to cut rates then, prices are likely to be reduced at the fortnightly review due today.
Sources said oil ministry is of the view that while the Cabinet Committee on Political Affairs (CCPA) had on January 17, 2013 allowed a monthly increase in diesel price of 40-50 paise per month to wipe out the under-recovery, it wasn't envisaged that there would be over-recovery.
It wants to reduce diesel price to protect state-owned oil companies' market share, which may be lost to private retailers who would be selling diesel in tandem with international prices.
Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan is believed to have already written to Prime Minister Narendra Modi on the emerging scenario. Also, it has written to the Election Commission seeking their concurrence for the price decrease in view of state assembly elections in Maharashtra and Haryana.
Since the reduction in diesel price in 2009, rates have only increased as international oil prices climbed. Since January 2013, diesel prices have been raised by up to 50 paise a litre every month to eliminate under-recoveries.
Like diesel, state-owned oil companies had also not changed petrol rates on September 16 though it warranted a 54 paise increase as its benchmark gasoline rates had firmed up in international market.
This is perhaps the first time that retail prices in India are higher than global rates.
Oil companies calculate the desired retail selling price of petrol and diesel on 1st and 16th of every month based on average international benchmark price and rupee-dollar exchange rate.
The next revision in diesel and petrol prices is due today.
Originally, petrol and diesel prices were deregulated in April 2002 when the NDA (National Democratic Alliance) government was in power. Administered pricing regime, however, made a back-door entry towards the end of NDA regime in the first quarter of 2004 when crude prices started inching up.
Congress-led UPA (United Progressive Alliance) controlled rates as international oil prices went through the roof. In June 2010, however, it freed petrol price from its control and rates have since them moved more or less in tandem with cost.
In January 2013, the UPA decided to deregulate diesel prices in stages through monthly 50 paise a litre increases.
Rates were last raised on August 31 after which losses have been wiped out.
Rates have cumulatively risen by Rs 11.81 per litre in 19 instalments since January 2013.
Story first published on: September 30, 2014 14:07 (IST)

Starbucks opens outlet in HyderabadYou are here: Home > Collections
Starbucks Coffee Company opens outlet in Hyderabad
PTI Sep 30, 2014, 05.40PM IST
Tags:
Avani Davda
(The store happens to be 58th…)
HYDERABAD: Tata Starbucks Ltd, a 50:50 joint venture between Starbucks Coffee Company and Tata Global Beverages Ltd , inaugurated its outlet here today.
The store happens to be the 58th Starbucks store across six Indian cities in less than two years of the brand's launch in India, said Tata Starbucks Ltd CEO Avani Davda , adding that in addition to this, the company plans to open another store in Hyderabad at Forum Mall.
"The opening of the flagship store in Hyderabad is consistent with the company's long-term growth strategy to strengthen its presence in southern India and bring the Starbucks experience to more neighbourhoods around the country," Davda told reporters at a press conference.
The store would also offer a wide range of Starbucks merchandise, besides free Wi-Fi, she said.
Starbucks entered the Indian market in October 2012 and currently operates 58 stores across Mumbai, Delhi National Capital Region (NCR), Pune, Bengaluru , Chennai and Hyderabad through a network of more than 1,000 partners.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Afghanistan  US sign long-awaited security pactHamid karzai
(A second agreement allowing…)
KABUL, AFGHANISTAN: Afghanistan and the United States signed a long-awaited security pact on Tuesday that will allow US forces to remain in the country past the end of year.
At a ceremony held at the presidential palace in the capital, Kabul , newly appointed national security adviser Mohmmad Hanif Atmar signed the document along with US Ambassador James Cunningham .
The deal will allow about 10,000 American troops to stay in the country after the international combat mission ends December 31. Former Afghan President Hamid Karzai had refused to sign it despite US threats of a full withdrawal in the absence of legal protections for American forces. US officials have said that the delay in the deal's signing does not affect plans for next year.
A second agreement allowing NATO troops to stay in the country was also signed between Afghanistan and NATO during the same ceremony.
President Ashraf Ghani Ahmadzai, who was sworn into office a day earlier, told the assembled crowd that the agreement signaled a fundamental shift in the country's relations with the world.
"This agreement is only for Afghan security and stability," he said. "These agreements are in our national interest. The Bilateral Security Agreement will pave the ground for Afghanistan to take control, "he added.
Government Chief Executive Abdullah Abdullah also welcomed the agreement as beneficial to the country.
"It has been signed after very careful considerations," he said, adding that "the BSA is not a threat to our neighbors. It will help strengthen peace and stability in the region."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ireland grants Apple illegal tax benefits: EUYou are here: Home > Collections > Ireland
EU says Ireland grants Apple illegal tax benefits
AP Sep 30, 2014, 06.10PM IST
(Ireland appears to be granting…)
BRUSSELS: Ireland appears to be granting Apple illegal tax rebates that may have to be recouped, the European Union's competition watchdog said Tuesday as it pressed on with an inquiry into the iPhone maker's overseas tax practices.
If the EU's preliminary finding is confirmed over the coming months, Apple Inc. could face a repayment bill worth billions of dollars because it funnels the bulk of its international sales through subsidiaries in Ireland, where it benefits from low, negotiated tax deals.
In a letter to the Irish government published Tuesday, the 28-nation bloc's executive Commission said the tax treatment granted to Apple "constitutes state aid" and therefore raises "doubts about the compatibility" with EU law.
To keep market competition fair, the EU forbids governments from helping individual companies. The EU first announced the tax probe in June, also targeting coffee chain Starbucks and others as part of a crackdown on multinationals exploiting tax loopholes.
The EU Commission is now requesting further documents from Ireland before making a legally binding decision on whether the rebate granted to Apple is illegal and must be recouped, wholly or partially.
The EU probe focuses on exaggerated transfer pricing, where one part of a company charges another part an inflated price for goods or services to shift profits to low-tax locations.
If Apple had to repay some taxes, the money would come as a windfall to Irish state coffers. However, fearful of losing its reputation as a business-friendly country with low corporate taxes, the Irish government is adamant that no EU rules have been breached.
The Commission said the tax deals Ireland struck with Apple in 1991 and in 2007 show "several inconsistencies" and may not comply with international taxation standards. The Brussels-based executive body also was critical of the fact that Apple's applicable tax rate appears to have been the result of "a negotiation rather than a pricing methodology" which a "prudent, independent" tax authority should not have accepted.
Apple maintains it has not received a favorable treatment in Ireland.
"We're subject to the same tax laws as the countless other companies who do business in Ireland," the company said in an emailed statement. "Apple has received no selective treatment from Irish officials over the years."
The company added that its tax payments to Ireland increased tenfold since it launched its first iPhone in 2007. In the statement, Apple also said that on a global level, "comprehensive corporate tax reform is badly needed."
Apple's tax practices have also attracted scrutiny in the United States, where a Senate Committee last year published a scathing report on the Cupertino-based firm's tax schemes.
The report held up Apple as an example of legal tax avoidance made possible by the complicated US. tax code, estimating the firm avoided at least $3.5 billion in US. federal taxes in 2011 and $9 billion in 2012 by using its tax strategy.
Apple _ one the world's most valuable and profitable firms _ sat on some $164 billion in cash and cash equivalents, with $138 billion stashed away in foreign subsidiaries, according to its latest quarterly report in June. The company estimated its effective US. tax rate is 26.1 per cent, as opposed to the statutory US. rate of 35 per cent, primarily because of undistributed foreign earnings.
"A substantial portion" of those foreign earnings was generated by subsidiaries organized in Ireland, Apple said in the regulatory filing, adding that "such earnings are intended to be indefinitely reinvested outside the US."
FEATURED ARTICLES

RCom plans to steeply pare debt by Rs 15K cr...Reliance Communications plans to steeply pare debt by Rs 15,000cr over next two years
PTI Sep 30, 2014, 06.41PM IST
Tags:
Anil Ambani
("We will participate in…)
MUMBAI: Reliance Communications today said it plans to reduce its debt to below Rs 20,000 crore in the next couple of years and also will roll out 4G services by next fiscal.
"We will participate in auctions next year and will be in a position to launch 4G services in 2015," Reliance group chairman Anil Ambani told at the 10th annual general meeting of the company.
On the plans to bring down the huge debt pile of over Rs 35,000 crore of the company, Ambani said, "Our aim is to bring debt to below Rs 20,000 crore in the next 24 months. We have recently reduced our debt by Rs 6,000 crore through a qualified institutional placement."
The company requires capex to the tune of Rs 1,000- 1,500 crore every year for its sustainable maintenance of its infrastructure.
"Rs 1,000- 1,500 crore is required as capex for sustainable maintenance as major investments are behind us," Ambani said.
The company is looking at demerger of land banks from RCom and then go for separate listing.
"Non-core businesses like real estate and DTH will be monetised. We are looking at various options to monetise these two assets. One option is demerger of land banks from RCom and then go for separate listing," Ambani said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Maruti to recall 69 555 units of old Dzire and Swift  RitzSep 30, 2014, 05.24 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Maruti to recall 69,555 units of old Dzire and Swift, Ritz
The recall is only for the diesel variants of the three models. Out of the total, 55,938 units are of old Dzire, 12,486 units of old Swift and 1,131 units of Ritz, which were manufactured between March 8, 2010 and August 11, 2013, the company said in a statement.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Maruti to recall 69,555 units of old Dzire and Swift, Ritz
The recall is only for the diesel variants of the three models. Out of the total, 55,938 units are of old Dzire, 12,486 units of old Swift and 1,131 units of Ritz, which were manufactured between March 8, 2010 and August 11, 2013, the company said in a statement.
Post your opinion here
 
Maruti Suzuki  India today announced recall of 69,555 units of Dzire, Swift and Ritz models manufactured between March 2010 and August 2013 to repair wiring harness fitment.
The recall is only for the diesel variants of the three models. Out of the total, 55,938 units are of old Dzire, 12,486 units of old Swift and 1,131 units of Ritz, which were manufactured between March 8, 2010 and August 11, 2013, the company said in a statement.
This exercise is limited to vehicles within the above specified range and does not pertain to any other vehicle of the company or its exports, it added.
According to the company, the recall was done in order to rectify possible issues with the routing of the wiring harness that connects to the battery.
"Maruti Suzuki dealers will contact owners of all the affected vehicles. The dealer workshop technicians will inspect the wiring harness fitment condition and carry out the necessary repairs, free of cost," MSI said.
Earlier this year in April, in one of the biggest vehicle recalls, MSI had recalled 1,03,311 units of its popular models- Ertiga, Swift and DZire- manufactured between November 12, 2013 and February 4, 2014 to replace faulty fuel filler neck.
Ever since auto industry body Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers started voluntary recall for safety related in July 2012, a total of nearly 6.1 lakh vehicles have been recalled by various manufacturers in India.
Maruti Suzuki stock price
On November 24, 2014, at  09:39 hrs Maruti Suzuki India was quoting at Rs 3342.00, down Rs 6.8, or 0.2 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 3397.60 and the 52-week low was Rs 1541.25.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 102.82 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 32.5. The latest book value of the company is Rs 694.45 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 4.81.
RELATED NEWS

Welcome step on LCR; more work needed: Bankers01:30 pm
With Reserve Bank governor Raghuram Rajan staying put on key policy rates, most bankers believe RBI is on the right track and that CPI is the key variable.
"The status quo in a way reiterates the direction and the approach is clear – CPI inflation is the key variable," says Chanda Kochhar, MD & CEO, ICICI Bank . Governor Rajan sounded caution as far as meeting the 2016 CPI target was concerned.
The RBI now believes that attaining the projected inflation target of 6 percent by January 2016 is at risk due to expected "food price shocks as the full effects of the monsoon’s passage unfold, and from geo-political developments that could materialise rapidly."
Arundhati Bhattacharya, Chairman,  State Bank of India says there is a disinflationary trend that is now getting entrenched.
On liquidity coverage ratio (LCR), the Reserve Bank’s stance will bring a lot of comfort and relief, says Bhattacharya. “In respect of non-cooperative borrowers, etc., it is a step in the right direction to ensure banks get quick resolution of stressed asset because while stress on the system is on a downward trend, it has not completely ebbed.”
Bhattacharya, however, adds that the moment a bank recognizes a non-cooperative borrower, credit will be costlier and provisioning will come into play.
Under LCR, banks will now be allowed to include government securities held by them up to another 5 percent of their NDTL within the mandatory SLR requirement as level 1 HQLA in order to facilitate their meeting the LCR requirement while retaining the prudential aspect of the statutory liquidity ratio (SLR). This additional liquidity up to 5 percent of NDTL will be available, in addition to the MSF, through a special facility and at a rate higher than the MSF rate as decided by the Reserve Bank taking into account market conditions; and such government securities reckoned for the LCR should be valued at an amount no greater than their current market value as HQLAs are required to be taken at their market value for the purpose of computing the LCR.
The liquidity coverage ratio is designed to ensure that financial institutions have the necessary assets on hand to ride out short-term liquidity disruptions. Banks are required to hold an amount of highly-liquid assets, such as cash or Treasury bonds, equal to or greater than their net cash over a 30 day period (having at least 100% coverage).
Kochhar too adds, on the liquidity front, the move from RBI to ensure that the migration that takes place over to LCR happens in a non-distruptive manner. Liquidity remains comfortable.
As far as non-cooperative borrowers are concerned, there is fraud registry and Kochhar further adds that she sees it is as not only empowering banks but also the legal system.
On following State Bank of India in lowering deposit rates, Kochhar says different tenors have different rates, but currently various banks have more or less similar rates. She further explains that it is not a question of where rates are across the system, but your own liquidity system as well as the credit offtake. Everyone is balancing that, she adds.
Kochhar did not seem too keen on lowering deposit rates, but will decide when necessary.
HDFC Bank 's managing director (MD) Aditya Puri says both lending and deposit rates are a function of credit demand. If credit demand picks up, deposit rates won’t be lowered, he adds. He feels on the asset side, rates are already low and adjustments were made over the last month.
RELATED NEWS

BSP for early Assembly polls in Jammu and KashmirSep 30, 2014 at 05:48pm IST
BSP for early Assembly polls in Jammu and Kashmir
6
0
Jammu: Bahujan Samaj Party on Tuesday called for early elections in Jammu and Kashmir and asked the Election Commission to hold assembly polls well before the tenure of the present assembly ends.
"The Party has asked the election Commission of India for early elections in J&K quite well before the expiry date of the present government", Jammu and Kashmir BSP chief Tulsi Dass Langeh, said in a statement on Tuesday.
He alleged the misuse of the relief material in the state. "The funds meant for the flood victims are being used for the political mileage in our state by the ruling party and there are so many complaints of the misuse of these funds," Langeh said.
"The Party has asked the election Commission of India for early elections in J&K quite well before the expiry date of the present government", J&K BSP chief Tulsi Dass Langeh said.
#jammu and kashmir #jammu and kashmir assebly elections #bsp #tulsi dass langeh
He claimed that the relief meant for flood-hit people was being distributed only amongst the members of a particular political party. "To stop the misuse of funds in the relief and rehabilitation work in the state, the BSP is of considered opinion that elections be announced in the state immediately," Langeh said.
"Elections in Srinagar and other districts that are the worst affected with the floods can be conducted in the last phase" he added. It may be recalled that Congress senior leader Ghulam Nabi Azad on Saturday batted strongly for holding Assembly elections in Jammu and Kashmir on "due time", claiming that a new government will have greater authority to deal with the post-flood situation in the state.
0

Decision on continuing in NDA after talks with PM  says Uddhav ThackeraySep 30, 2014 at 05:42pm IST
Decision on continuing in NDA after talks with PM, says Uddhav Thackeray
6
0
Mumbai: Shiv Sena will take a decision on whether to withdraw from the NDA after holding discussion with Prime Minister Narendra Modi, its chief Uddhav Thackeray said on Tuesday, indicating that the party may continue in the Centre's ruling coalition despite parting ways with BJP in Maharashtra.
Uddhav, who had on Monday said that Shiv Sena's lone minister in the Union Cabinet Anant Geete would resign, admitted that quitting the alliance at the national level was "not easy".
"Joining NDA and then pulling out is not that easy. All MPs who have been elected and those who could not win have bagged votes of both Shiv Sena and BJP. It is the people's mandate. A decision will be taken after discussions with Prime Minister Modi and considering what our supporters feel," he said.
The 25-year-old alliance between the two pro-Hindutva parties ended last Thursday after collapse of seat-sharing talks for next month's Assembly polls.
#shiv sena #bjp #nda #narendra modi
The Sena chief, under attack from his estranged cousin and MNS leader Raj Thackeray for "sticking to power" at the Centre despite the break-up in Maharashtra, had on Monday said that Geete will hand over his resignation to Modi on his return from the US.
Geete, however, said he had not received any instruction to resign. "This is false news as I have not been given any instruction so far. So, how does the question of my resignation arise," the Heavy Industries Minister had said.     Maintaining that there was "no question of defiance" if such an instruction came from Uddhav, he said, "I am a staunch Shiv Sainik. I will obey whatever directive my leader gives."
The 25-year-old alliance between the two pro-Hindutva parties ended last Thursday after collapse of seat-sharing talks for next month's Assembly polls.
0

Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime with a 5MP selfie-focused front camera launched in India at Rs 15 49925
0
New Delhi: Adding a new entrant to the Grand family, Samsung has launched a new smartphone - the Galaxy Grand Prime. Priced at Rs 15,499, the phone is available in White and Grey colours.
The Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime has a 5-inch qHD (960x540) display, and is powered by a 1.2GHz quad-core processor paired with 1GB of RAM. The phone features an 8 megapixel rear and a 5 megapixel front camera with 85 degree wide lens to capture good Groupfies. The wider angle of view means you can get more of your friends and more of the background in every shot.
It runs Android 4.4 KitKat and comes packed with a 2600mAh battery that is claimed to offer up to 10 hours of video playback and 17 hours of talk time. The Grand Prime has 8 GB internal memory expandable upto 64GB through a microSD card.
It runs Android 4.4 KitKat and comes packed with a 2600mAh battery that is claimed to offer up to 10 hours of video playback and 17 hours of talk time.

Asian cities claim 8 spots on top 20 billionaire cities listE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Jaya  others could not satisfactorily account for wealth: CourtIn default to pay the fine of Rs 100 crore, the judge said, Jayalalithaa shall undergo further imprisonment for one year. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | Bangalore | Posted: September 30, 2014 7:02 pm | Updated: September 30, 2014 8:35 pm
AIADMK chief J Jayalalithaa could not “satisfactorily account” for immovable properties and pecuniary resources of the value of Rs 53.6 crore when she was the Chief Minister from 1991 to 1996, the Special Court that sentenced her to four years in jail has held.
Prosecution has proved “beyond reasonable doubt” that as against the income of Rs 9.91 crore and expenditure of Rs 8.49 crore during the “check period” (1991-1996), Jayalalithaa acquired and possessed in her name and that of the three other accused and in the name of the business enterprises acquired in their names immovable properties and pecuniary resources of the value of Rs 53.6 crore “which she could not satisfactorily account,” the court said.
In what is considered a watershed verdict in the 18-year old case with a sitting Chief Minister being convicted for the first time, Special Judge John Michael D’Cunha on September 27 had sent Jayalalithaa to four years imprisonment and slapped a staggering fine of Rs 100 crore in the Rs 66.65 crore graft case.
Jayalalithaa’s close aide Sasikala, her relatives V N Sudhakaran, disowned son of the former Chief Minister, and Ilavarasi, were sentenced to four years imprisonment and levied a fine of Rs 10 crore each in the judgement, which came as a bolt from the blue to the ruling AIAMDK in Tamil Nadu.
In his order, the judge also said prosecution has proved beyond reasonable doubt that the accused were parties to criminal conspiracy in the object of acquiring and pecuniary resource and assets to the extent of Rs 53.6 crore beyond the known source of income of Jayalalithaa.
“Hence, A1, A2, A3 and A4 are hereby convicted under the offence punishable under Sec 120(B) of IPC R/w Sec 13(1)(e) R/W Sec 13(2) of the PC act,” the judge said.
According to the judge, the prosecution has proved beyond reasonable doubt that three other accused abetted the offence by intentionally aiding Jayalalithaa in the acquisition and possession of pecuniary resources and properties disproportionate to her known source of income.
“Hence A2, A3, A4 are here by convicted for the offence punishable U/sec 109 of IPC R/W 13(1)(e) R/w 13(2) of the PC (Prevention of Corruption) Act,” he held.
Jayalalithaa is accused No.1, Sasikala A2, Sudhakaran A3 and J Illavarasi A4.
In default to pay the fine of Rs 100 crore, the judge said, Jayalalithaa shall undergo further imprisonment for one year.
For the offence punishable under IPC section 120-B (criminal conspiracy) read with section 13(2) of PC Act, she was sentenced to undergo simple imprisonment for six months and to pay fine of Rs 1 lakh. In default to pay the fine, she shall undergo further imprisonment for one month.
For the offence punishable under section continued…

Tarun Gogoi regrets PM didnt visit flood-hit AssamPress Trust of India | Guwahati | Posted: September 30, 2014 6:44 pm
Assam Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi on Tuesday regretted that Prime Minister Narendra Modi did not visit the state during the flood devastations.
“The Prime Minister not only visited Jammu and Kashmir but announced a special package for that flood-hit state immediately. In the case of Goalpara in Assam which faced unprecedented catastrophe like that of J-K, the PM did not find time to visit nor did he announce any special package,” Gogoi said.
“Much before the latest deluge, the state had experienced two waves of floods resulting in huge losses of lives and property. Why is this discrimination being meted out to the people of Assam?” Gogoi questioned.
“During the election campaigns in Assam, the Prime Minister had made promises after promises,” he said.
The chief minister said the Prime Minister did not mention about saving river Brahmaputra during his public address at the Madison Square Garden in New York, while he repeatedly talked about Ganga.
“The Prime Minister not only ignored the Brahmaputra in his address at Madison Square Garden, he also did not take up the issue of construction of dams on the Brahmaputra by China during his talks with the Chinese President despite the serious concerns expressed by the people of Assam.” Gogoi asserted.
The chief minister also came down heavily on Union Minister of State (Independent) Sarbananda Sonowal and State BJP spokesman Bijon Mahajan for allegedly “misleading the people regarding non-utilisation of Central fund for disaster relief under SDRF (State Disaster Response Fund)”.

Liquor  cattle seized on Indo-Bangla borderPrint
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: September 30, 2014 6:44 pm
The Border Security Force (BSF) have seized a huge quantity of liquor bottles, cattle, phensedyle, timber and other contraband items and apprehended five smugglers – one of them a Bangladeshi national – on the India-Bangladesh international border in Meghalaya’s Garo Hills region in the past one week.
A BSF official in the Meghalaya Frontier headquarters in Shillong said both Indian and Bangladeshi smugglers were trying to smuggle out various items into the other side despite the raging floods that have affected the Garo Hills region in the past nine days.
“Smugglers were particularly trying to take advantage of the overflowing rivers to float down wooden logs illegally felled in Meghalaya, and our troops managed to seize about 360 CFT of wooden logs in the past week,” the BSF official said.
While five smugglers – one of them a Bangladeshi national – were apprehended and handed over to the police, the BSF troops seized 1619 bottles of liquor, 145 bottles of Phnsedyle, 18 cows and other contraband items from them. These items were worth at least Rs 14 lakhs.

Indo-US relationship yet to be fully realised  need to deepen ties: Modi  Obama in joint editorialPrime Minister Narendra Modi and the American President said it was time to set a "new agenda" and with a reinvigorated level of ambition. (Source: AP)
Express News Service | Washington | Posted: September 30, 2014 6:43 pm | Updated: October 1, 2014 1:57 am
Describing the India-US relationship as “robust, reliable and enduring”, Prime Minister Narendra Modi and US President Barack Obama on Tuesday said the “true potential” of the ties was yet to be fully realised and the advent of a new government in India was a “natural opportunity to broaden and deepen” the ties. “Forward together we go — chalein saath saath”, they declared in a joint editorial — the first by an Indian PM and an American President — in The Washington Post.
Modi and Obama said it was time to set a “new agenda”, and with a “reinvigorated level of ambition and greater confidence”, both countries could go beyond “modest and conventional goals”.
“This will be an agenda that enables us to find mutually rewarding ways to expand our collaboration in trade, investment and technology that harmonise with India’s ambitious development agenda, while sustaining the United States as the global engine of growth,” they said.
“Ties between the United States and India are rooted in the shared desire of our citizens for justice and equality. When Swami Vivekananda presented Hinduism as a world religion, he did so at the 1893 World’s Parliament of Religions in Chicago… When Martin Luther King Jr. sought to end discrimination and prejudice against African Americans, he was inspired by Mahatma Gandhi’s non-violent teachings. Gandhiji himself drew upon the writings of Henry David Thoreau,” said the editorial.
They said as global partners, they were committed to enhancing homeland security by sharing intelligence, through counter-terrorism and law-enforcement cooperation, while jointly working to maintain freedom of navigation and lawful commerce across the seas.
“Today our partnership is robust, reliable and enduring, and it is expanding. Our relationship involves more bilateral collaboration than ever before — not just at the federal level but also at the state and local levels, between our two militaries, private sectors and civil society… Indeed, so much has happened that, in 2000, then Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee could declare that we are natural allies,” they said.
“Still, the true potential of our relationship has yet to be fully realised. The advent of a new government in India is a natural opportunity to broaden and deepen our relationship… With a reinvigorated level of ambition and greater confidence, we can go beyond modest and conventional goals. It is time to set a new agenda, one that realises concrete benefits for our citizens,” said the editorial.
Talking about the existing cooperation, they said “our militaries conduct joint exercises in air, on land and at sea, and our space programmes engage in unprecedented areas of cooperation, leading us from Earth to Mars.” They also lauded the role being played by the “vibrant” continued…

Monsoon season ends with 12 per cent deficit...The monsoon season ends with 12 per cent deficit, says weather office
By Reuters | 30 Sep, 2014, 07.39PM IST
June-September monsoon season ended with 12 per cent below average rainfall making the season the worst in five years.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: India's June-September monsoon season ended with 12 percent below average rainfall , the weather office said on Tuesday, making the season the worst in five years.
A shaky start of the season in June lead to a 43 per cent shortfall in rains in the first month, but the deficit shrank in the subsequent months.
Monsoon rains are vital because the farm sector accounts for 14 per cent of the national economy and half of India's farmland lacks irrigation .

PM Modi to speak on All India Radio on Oct 3You are here: Home > Collections > Website
Prime Minister Modi to speak on All India Radio October 3
PTI Sep 30, 2014, 07.13PM IST
Tags:
air
(All India Radio to broadcast…)
NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Narendra Modi will connect with the people through national broadcaster All India Radio on Oct 3.
The speech, which will be exclusive to AIR, will also be telecast on all news channels of Doordarshan , AIR Director General (News) Archana Dutta told IANS.
The speech will begin at 11 a.m.
Modi had announced in the beginning of September on the website mygov.in that he will be sharing his ideas through radio, and also said in a tweet that he has received many ideas and suggestions for it.
This is likely to be the first in a series.
According to officials, the speech will be quickly translated into 24 Indian and 16 foreign languages.
The radio programme is one of the efforts being made by Modi to connect with the people.
According to AIR old-timers, former prime minister Indira Gandhi was the last leader to have regularly used the radio medium to address the nation.
According to the AIR website, its service comprises 413 stations located across the country, reaching nearly 92 per cent of the country's area and 99.19 per cent of the population.
AIR originates programming in 23 languages and 146 dialects.
FEATURED ARTICLES

The face of revolutionUpdated: September 30, 2014 19:59 IST
The face of revolution
The Hindu CONSTANTINE AND VENDETTA Represent Hollywood at its best and worst, says Lloyd , panels from the graphic novel. Photo: Bhagya Prakash K
TOPICS
arts (general)
David Lloyd says the sort-of smile he designed on the Guy Fawkes mask for V for Vendetta was a good thing as the mask transcended geographic and cultural boundaries
David Lloyd looked quite bemused at the long line of caped and masked acolytes waiting for an autograph or photograph from him at Comic Con 2014. The artist of the classic graphic novel V for Vendetta, set in a scary United Kingdom ruled by fascists, was on his first visit to Bangalore. “I was earlier in Delhi,” he commented settling down for a quick chat after a wave of fans had gone by clutching autographs while posting pictures of their moments with Lloyd online.
“I am kind-of surprised how popular V is here. Having said that, V for Vendetta is one of those stories that crossed boundaries. It is a perennial book that means something to everyone. The theme is universal.”
Elaborating on V, the anarchist at the centre of things, (played by Hugo Weaving in the movie version directed by John McTiegue) Lloyd says: “Guy Fawkes was a revolutionary who failed. He was resurrected as a success as V in V for Vendetta. The world is full of revolutions that are wildly successful and then run out of steam.”
Talking about the genesis of V’s look with cape and mask, Lloyd says, “It was summer and I couldn’t find the mask anywhere (Guy Fawkes Day is on November 5), so I designed the mask with a kind-of smile. It turned out to be a good thing as the mask transcended geographic and cultural boundaries. It is an all-purpose symbol. The mask represents freedom from tyranny, perceived tyranny even. It is now used as a symbol against repression across the world.” The mask has been used in the Occupy Wall Street protests as well as others across the world.
Lloyd was artist on some Hellblazer stories (among various other things, Lloyd says with a smile). What does he have to say about the blond demon hunter John Constantine (supposed to be modelled on the musician Sting) turning dark haired in the form of Keanu Reeves in the movie? “That movie represents Hollywood at its worst. V for Vendetta, on the other hand, while not being a great movie (it wasn’t as close to the graphic novel as it could have been), was a good movie.”
Does Lloyd have a special affinity to anti-heroes considering both Constantine and V walk on the dark side? Lloyd says: “Constantine is different from V in that he doesn’t believe in anything.”
Ask the 64-year-old artist of his favourite works and he says: “Vendetta is one of my favourites, I also like Kickback, which I wrote and drew. It is thematically similar to Vendetta with a corrupt policeman at the centre of things.”
The British artiste is very excited about his new project, Aces Weekly, (www.acesweekly.co.uk) where comics by well-known names are available online. “Technology is a great help. You don’t need printing and all the paraphernalia that comes with it. The internet is the best distribution system. You don’t need wholesale, retail, a shelf… this way the artist connects directly with the readers without any middlemen. It is the future.”
Lloyd says he uses computers “for enhancements, lettering, backgrounds… A computer is useful for specific effects. But it should never take over the art form. Aces Weekly preserves the purity of the art form.”
While Lloyd says he prefers to write and draw as it gives him “complete control, I have also worked on collaborations. I was initially asked to write and draw Vendetta. I thought working with Alan (writer Alan Moore) would be a good idea and it was.”

RPower plans Rs.50 000-cr investment in phase-IIUpdated: October 1, 2014 00:04 IST
RCom to reduce debt by Rs.15,000 cr.
Lalatendu Mishra
The Hindu Anil Ambani, Chairman, Reliance Anil Dhirubhai Ambani Group, with his wife Tina Ambani and son Jai Anmol Ambani at the group's AGM in Mumbai on Tuesday. Photo: Paul Noronha
TOPICS
economy, business and finance
The company would require Rs.1,000-1,500 crore capital expenditure for sustainable maintenance as major investments have already been made, said Mr. Ambani.
Having received setbacks in gas-based and imported coal-based proposed power plants due to factors beyond its control, Reliance Power has decided to invest Rs.50,000 crore in domestic coal-based thermal, hydro and solar plants in its second phase of growth, company Chairman Anil Ambani said.
Answering shareholders’ questions at the company’s annual general meeting (AGM) here on Tuesday, Mr. Ambani said: “This financial year will mark the end of the completion of our first phase of growth. Our next phase of growth has already been planned. Over the next five financial years, the company contemplates to invest over Rs.50,000 crore on development of new projects, primarily the 4,000 MW Tilaiya UMPP and 40 million tonnes per annum of coal mine with an investment of Rs.40,000 crore and 700 MW Tato hydro project involving Rs.10,000-crore investment and solar projects.”
RCom to reduce debt
Mr. Ambani, who addressed back-to-back AGMs of four Reliance Group companies, said Reliance Communications would bring down its debt below Rs.20,000 crore in the next 24 months from Rs.35,500 crore.
“Non-core businesses like real estate and DTH will be monetised. We are looking at various options to monetise these two assets. One option is demerger of land banks from the company and a separate listing,” Mr. Ambani said.
He said the company would require Rs.1,000-1,500 crore capital expenditure for sustainable maintenance as major investments have already been made.
Reliance Capital
Mr. Ambani told Reliance Capital shareholders that the company would launch more India-focussed funds abroad to attract international capital into the fixed income and equities markets in India.
“We intend to lay greater emphasis on our health insurance business. We intend to grow the health business into a separate company and we want to significantly grow our housing finance business,” Mr. Ambani said adding that the company was awaiting final guidelines from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to evaluate its options in differentiated banking segments.
Reliance Infrastructure
Addressing Reliance Infrastructure shareholders, Mr. Ambani said that the company would triple its cement production capacity to 15 million tonnes per annum in the next three years. “We foresee huge growth in cement consumption at the back of cement concrete roads and renewed impetus to infrastructure investment. Reliance Group will participate in Smart City development projects, which will have power, telecom, EPC and roads as their constituents,” Mr. Ambani added.

Exxon tantalised by far-off Russian findExxon considers its course after sanctions hit Russian ambitions
By Ed Crooks in New York and Jack Farchy in Moscow
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/586ae5c0-487c-11e4-ad19-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

http://usat.ly/YMDXQDFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Stocks close slightly lower in volatile session
U.S. stocks are in roller coaster mode Tuesday after Hong Kong's Hang Seng index took a tumble for a second day as protesters blocked streets in the city's business district.
Post to Facebook
Stocks close slightly lower in volatile session U.S. stocks are in roller coaster mode Tuesday after Hong Kong's Hang Seng index took a tumble for a second day as protesters blocked streets in the city's business district. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vsZzhR
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
3
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Stocks close slightly lower in volatile session
Adam Shell , USA TODAY 4:49 p.m. EDT September 30, 2014
A specialist works at his post on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
(Photo: Richard Drew, AP)
46 CONNECT 137 TWEET 4 LINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE
The Dow Jones industrial average and the Standard and Poor's 500 stock index took modest losses, both for the day and the month, sealing September's reputation as a rotten month for stocks.
The Dow closed down 28.29 points, or 0.17%, and the S&P 500 closed down 5.49 points, or 0.28%. The Nasdaq composite shed 0.28%. For the month, the S&P 500 finished down about 1%.
The indexes started the trading day higher before nosing into the red, then climbing back into positive territory . . . only to waver again. News that home prices rose at their slowest pace since 2012 and that consumer confidence fell sharply also gave investors something to consider on the domestic front.
So, how will the Hong Kong drama pan out? Rod Smyth of Riverfront Investment Group says investors should keep in mind three scenarios: the protests peter out, a Tiananmen Square-like confrontation or continued protests amid a Chinese crackdown on Hong Kong's relative freedoms.
The last possibility is, thankfully, a long shot, Smyth said.
Hong Kong unrest may shake world economy
"Come on, let's be realistic, are they really going to jeopardize 100 years of trading (with Hong Kong)?" Smyth asks of China. "Probably not."
Said Quincy Krosby of Prudential Financial: "What the market does not want to see is this spreading to other Asian countries. The fear is this morphs into the Asian version of the 'Arab Spring,' and  creates great uncertainty."
Look for the symbiotic relationship between China and Hong Kong's business interests to prevail and quiet the protests, said Sung Won Sohn, an economics and finance professor at California State University.
"China remains in firm control," Sohn said. "Businesses don't want to antagonize the Chinese government. I don't think it will be a big problem."
A heavy-handed response is "extremely unlikely," said Edmund Harris, a portfolio manager of several Asia-focused funds at Guinness Atkinson. Short of that, the impact on companies -- those in China, elsewhere in Asia or in the U.S. -- will be minimal, he said.
But a Chinese crackdown "would signal the end of the one country-two systems concept agreed at the handover in 1997" -- and greatly chill investment in China, he said.
Lu Yu, manager of the Allianz GI Emerging Markets Opportunity Fund, agreed that a harsh responseto the protests would not be in the best interest of China's economy or investors.
"As long as the Chinese government doesn't do a stupid thing like Tiananmen Square in 1989 this will be a non-issue for China," she said.
ASK MATT: Time to sell as Hong kong erupts?
Another market pro doesn't think the Hong Kong protests will have a lasting impact.
"We don't think this protest will lead to any political changes in Hong Kong," said Lu Yu, an emerging markets portfolio manager at San Diego-based Allianz Global Investors.
"Today's Hong Kong is not yesterday's Hong Kong," she said. "Their economy relies so much on mainland China."
She added, "Once students and people go back to work next week, I expect the protest to cool down. I actually think we should use this selloff to buy good alpha Chinese names."
The Hang Sang declined 1.4% after shedding around 2% on Monday. Protest leaders set a Wednesday deadline for a response from the government to their demands for democratic reforms.
On Monday, the Dow lost 0.2%, Standard & Poor's 500 index ended down 0.3% and Nasdaq composite slipped 0.1%. Earlier in that trading session markets fell sharply before recovering slightly.
The street protests caught Wall Street by surprise, causing uncertainty to spike and continuing the U.S. stock market's recent run of sharp up-and-down price movements. The Hong Kong markets are closed for the next two days because of holidays.

http://usat.ly/1vsZzhRFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Stocks close slightly lower in volatile session
U.S. stocks are in roller coaster mode Tuesday after Hong Kong's Hang Seng index took a tumble for a second day as protesters blocked streets in the city's business district.
Post to Facebook
Stocks close slightly lower in volatile session U.S. stocks are in roller coaster mode Tuesday after Hong Kong's Hang Seng index took a tumble for a second day as protesters blocked streets in the city's business district. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vsZzhR
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
3
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Stocks close slightly lower in volatile session
Adam Shell , USA TODAY 4:49 p.m. EDT September 30, 2014
A specialist works at his post on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
(Photo: Richard Drew, AP)
46 CONNECT 137 TWEET 4 LINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE
The Dow Jones industrial average and the Standard and Poor's 500 stock index took modest losses, both for the day and the month, sealing September's reputation as a rotten month for stocks.
The Dow closed down 28.29 points, or 0.17%, and the S&P 500 closed down 5.49 points, or 0.28%. The Nasdaq composite shed 0.28%. For the month, the S&P 500 finished down about 1%.
The indexes started the trading day higher before nosing into the red, then climbing back into positive territory . . . only to waver again. News that home prices rose at their slowest pace since 2012 and that consumer confidence fell sharply also gave investors something to consider on the domestic front.
So, how will the Hong Kong drama pan out? Rod Smyth of Riverfront Investment Group says investors should keep in mind three scenarios: the protests peter out, a Tiananmen Square-like confrontation or continued protests amid a Chinese crackdown on Hong Kong's relative freedoms.
The last possibility is, thankfully, a long shot, Smyth said.
Hong Kong unrest may shake world economy
"Come on, let's be realistic, are they really going to jeopardize 100 years of trading (with Hong Kong)?" Smyth asks of China. "Probably not."
Said Quincy Krosby of Prudential Financial: "What the market does not want to see is this spreading to other Asian countries. The fear is this morphs into the Asian version of the 'Arab Spring,' and  creates great uncertainty."
Look for the symbiotic relationship between China and Hong Kong's business interests to prevail and quiet the protests, said Sung Won Sohn, an economics and finance professor at California State University.
"China remains in firm control," Sohn said. "Businesses don't want to antagonize the Chinese government. I don't think it will be a big problem."
A heavy-handed response is "extremely unlikely," said Edmund Harris, a portfolio manager of several Asia-focused funds at Guinness Atkinson. Short of that, the impact on companies -- those in China, elsewhere in Asia or in the U.S. -- will be minimal, he said.
But a Chinese crackdown "would signal the end of the one country-two systems concept agreed at the handover in 1997" -- and greatly chill investment in China, he said.
Lu Yu, manager of the Allianz GI Emerging Markets Opportunity Fund, agreed that a harsh responseto the protests would not be in the best interest of China's economy or investors.
"As long as the Chinese government doesn't do a stupid thing like Tiananmen Square in 1989 this will be a non-issue for China," she said.
ASK MATT: Time to sell as Hong kong erupts?
Another market pro doesn't think the Hong Kong protests will have a lasting impact.
"We don't think this protest will lead to any political changes in Hong Kong," said Lu Yu, an emerging markets portfolio manager at San Diego-based Allianz Global Investors.
"Today's Hong Kong is not yesterday's Hong Kong," she said. "Their economy relies so much on mainland China."
She added, "Once students and people go back to work next week, I expect the protest to cool down. I actually think we should use this selloff to buy good alpha Chinese names."
The Hang Sang declined 1.4% after shedding around 2% on Monday. Protest leaders set a Wednesday deadline for a response from the government to their demands for democratic reforms.
On Monday, the Dow lost 0.2%, Standard & Poor's 500 index ended down 0.3% and Nasdaq composite slipped 0.1%. Earlier in that trading session markets fell sharply before recovering slightly.
The street protests caught Wall Street by surprise, causing uncertainty to spike and continuing the U.S. stock market's recent run of sharp up-and-down price movements. The Hong Kong markets are closed for the next two days because of holidays.

Congress  jibe over Modi meeting with US CEOsSep 30, 2014, 07.21 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Congress' jibe over Modi meeting with US CEOs
The party said of those who participated only one firm falls in the list of top 20 of the Fortune 500 companies and that all the 17 companies already have investment in India.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Congress' jibe over Modi meeting with US CEOs
The party said of those who participated only one firm falls in the list of top 20 of the Fortune 500 companies and that all the 17 companies already have investment in India.
Post your opinion here
 
Taking potshots at Prime Minister Narendra Modi over his meeting with CEOs in US, Congress Tuesday said for all the "hype and hoopla" it was a "damp squib".
The party said of those who participated only one firm falls in the list of top 20 of the Fortune 500 companies and that all the 17 companies already have investment in India.
"For all the hype and hoopla of Modi meeting with CEOs with the purpose of regenerating lost confidence in India as an investing destination and bringing-in much needed foreign investment, the list of participants present in the meeting tells a story that could at the most be described as a damp squib,"Ajay Maken, General Secretary, in charge of the party's communication department, said.
He said that while amongst the participants only one company falls in the list of top 20 of the fortune 500 companies, only four companies that Modi met are listed in the top fifty of the list.
"It is to be noted that amongst the representatives of 17 companies that Modi met in the US, all 17 already have investment in India," Maken said.
According to him, General Electric was the only company in the top 20 of the Fortune 500 list. Over a breakfast meeting with captains of 11 large American corporations, Modi had yesterday pitched for big-ticket investments to develop India's infrastructure and create more jobs and enhance the quality of
Those present at the meeting included Mastercard CEO Ajay Banga, Cargill's President and CEO David W MacLennan, Caterpillar's Douglas Oberhelman, AES' Andres Gluski, Merck's Kenneth Frazier, Co-founder and Co-CEO of Carlyle Group David Rubenstein, Hospira's Michael Ball and Warburg Pincus' Charles Kaye.
The breakfast meet was followed by one-on-one meetings with six CEOs of Boeing, KKR, BlackRock, IBM, General Electric and Goldman Sachs.
RELATED NEWS

Modi  Sharif likely to meet at SAARC summit in NovemberSep 30, 2014, 07.11 PM IST  | Source: IBNLive.com
'Modi, Sharif likely to meet at SAARC summit in November'
This comes after Pakistan's National Security and Foreign Affairs Advisor Sartaj Aziz on Sunday admitted that the meeting between Pakistan High Commissioner to India, Abdul Basit and Kashmiri separatist leaders was badly timed.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
'Modi, Sharif likely to meet at SAARC summit in November'
This comes after Pakistan's National Security and Foreign Affairs Advisor Sartaj Aziz on Sunday admitted that the meeting between Pakistan High Commissioner to India, Abdul Basit and Kashmiri separatist leaders was badly timed.
Post your opinion here
 
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is likely to meet Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif at SAARC summit in November, sources said on Tuesday.
This comes after Pakistan's National Security and Foreign Affairs Advisor Sartaj Aziz on Sunday admitted that the meeting between Pakistan High Commissioner to India, Abdul Basit and Kashmiri separatist leaders was badly timed.
"In this case perhaps, the timing was not right because the discussion on Kashmir was yet to start," Aziz said.
The foreign secretary level talks between the two countries were cancelled in August when Basit met Kashmiri separatist leaders in Delhi despite a warning from India against it.
RELATED NEWS

UNICEF to collate data on violence against children in IndiaSep 30, 2014 at 06:58pm IST
UNICEF to collate data on violence against children in India
20
0
New Delhi: The UNICEF in collaboration with the the Women and Child Development (WCD) Ministry may soon undertake a survey to collate data on violence against children in India.
"We are keen to carry out a survey and collate data on violence against children in India and have taken it up with the WCD ministry Secretary. We have taken the data from the National Family Health Survey (NFHS,2005-06) but then there are certain challenges that are usually faced while doing such surveys.
"For example, like acceptance of violence and stigma associated with disclosing violence, inappropriateness of methods for data collection with children and also that relevant questions related to violence against children are not always included in national surveys. The data available in India is too limited to compare with or to interpret," said Joachim Theis, Chief of Child Protection, UNICEF.
"The data available in India is too limited to compare with or to interpret," said Joachim Theis, Chief of Child Protection, UNICEF.
#unicef #crimes against children #wcd ministry #unicef india
UNICEF's global report "Hidden in plain sight: A statistical analysis of violence against children" which examines patterns of violence and attitudes and social norms across 190 countries was also launched.
According Child Protection Specialist, UNICEF India, Dora Giusti, data on corporal punishment, data concerning violence against boys, violence by peers, sexual exploitation, emotional abuse and neglect, social norms (acceptance) around corporal punishment of children and sexual abuse.
As per the WHO 2014, 2 in 100,00 children and adolescents were killed in India. With 9,500 victims (10 per cent of the global figure) in 2012, India is the third largest contributor of child homicide after Nigeria and Brazil. Apart from that one in 5 (21 per cent) adolescent girls have experienced physical violence since age 15 that is 12 million girls have experienced violence since age 15 (Census 2011 data).
4.5 per cent of girls aged 15-19 (overall-married or unmarried) have experienced forced sexual intercourse or another form of forced sexual act. UNICEF has already launched second phase of the 'END Violence against Children', a digital campaign in India.
3

Tsunami hit Indian coast 1 000 years back: Study15
0
New Delhi: Looking for data on past tsunamis for a better understanding of the natural phenomenon, a team of researchers has come upon evidence which suggests that the Indian coast was hit by a sea surge some 1,000 years back, before the tsunami of 2004 which caused massive destruction in the country.
The team from the Centre for Earth Sciences (CEaS) at the Indian Institute of Science (IISc) made its finding while pursuing studies in tsunami geology. The team undertook search at different sites, including the Andaman group of islands (Hut Bay, Port Blair, Interview Island and East Island) and Kaveripattinam on the Indian east coast to collect evidence and study how the geomorphic settings of these locations make them useful archives for paleo-tsunami deposits.
Coastal strips affected by regular sea surges and by anthropogenic, or human, activities are unlikely to preserve tsunami sands whereas inland lakes and streams have a greater potential of preserving these records. Due to their greater inland penetration, tsunami deposits tend to occupy higher elevations (>5m) as compared to storm deposits, which typically are at heights of less than 4m.
The team from the Centre for Earth Sciences (CEaS) at the Indian Institute of Science (IISc) made its finding while pursuing studies in tsunami geology.
#tsunami #study #ceas #iisc
Researchers found that locally-extensive occurrence of deposits such as sand, gravel and boulders, and their typically upward and inland presence are the two important characteristics of tsunami deposits. The research, which was published early this month in the Journal of Asian Earth Science, presents the results of studies along these coastal tracts, described as "sheltered environments", which show a higher likelihood of preserving such deposits.
The 2004 tsunami was a devastating and unprecedented experience for the Indian Ocean countries. In the absence of any known tsunami during recent or historic periods, one has to depend on geological records. Such data is very critical towards evaluating tsunami hazards and tsunami geology is an important and fast-growing research area.
"We need to develop strategies to succeed in tsunami geology research in tropical countries with very active coastal regions that barely preserve anything beyond a few years at the most. "Identification of potential locations is key to developing paleo-tsunami archives for tsunami hazard and recurrence studies," Gubbi Labs said quoting Kusala Rajendran, one of the authors of the paper and an Associate Professor at CEaS.
10

IPL spot-fixing case: Court declares Dawood  Shakeel proclaimed offenders9
0
New Delhi: A Delhi court on Tuesday declared underworld dons Dawood Ibrahim and Chhota Shakeel proclaimed offenders in the Indian Premier League (IPL) spot-fixing scandal case.
In 2013, the Delhi Police had filed a chargesheet alleging that Dawood and Shakeel were behind the IPL spot-fixing scandal that rocked Indian cricket, leading to the arrests of three prominent players S Sreesanth, Ajit Chandila and Ankeet Chavan.
All the three of them represented the former champions Rajasthan Royals in the IPL.
In 2013, the Delhi Police had filed a chargesheet alleging that Dawood and Shakeel were behind the IPL spot-fixing scandal that rocked Indian cricket.
#ipl spot fixing case #dawood ibrahim #chhota shakeel #delhi police
The Special Cell of the Delhi Police arrested the trio in May 2013 along with 11 bookies.
The scandal later on led to the sacking of N Srinivasan as BCCI chief soon after his son-in-law Gurunath Meiyappan was indicted in the scam.
3

A Look at eBay and PayPalAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Netflix lands its first major film premiere'Crouching Tiger' sequel to hit Netflix and theaters simultaneously
By Brian Stelter   @brianstelter September 30, 2014: 6:16 AM ET
 
Movies in theaters also on Netflix?
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Mark Aug. 28, 2015 on your calendar: It will be a history-making day for Hollywood.
On that date, Netflix will premiere a feature film -- the sequel to the 2000 hit "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon" -- at the same time moviegoers can see it in theaters.
The dual release will be the realization of Netflix's long-held goal to let subscribers see films at the same time they're in movie theaters.
Netflix ( NFLX , Tech30 ) has achieved its goal by working directly with the Weinstein Company, the independent studio chaired by Bob and Harvey Weinstein. The studio is producing "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon: The Green Legend" for both Netflix and the IMAX chain of super-sized theaters.
"The film is to be the first of several major films backed by Netflix to premiere on the same day on the world's leading Internet TV network and in select IMAX theaters globally, giving consumers and exhibitors around the world unparalleled flexibility in how, when and where they enjoy a major motion picture," the companies said in a statement.
Related: New owner for Shrek and DreamWorks Animation?
Netflix did not identify the other films, and financial terms of the deal were not disclosed. For now, none of the major Hollywood studios -- like Warner Bros., which like this website is owned by Time Warner, or 20th Century Fox -- appear willing to try a simultaneous streaming and in-theater release.
Such a release would risk the ire of box office partners including AMC and Regal Entertainment that rely on ticket sales.
Executives at Netflix have long been interested in offering films concurrently with their theatrical release. They have portrayed the reigning model -- theaters first, then DVDs, then streaming -- as outdated.
"By the time we could watch a movie in the subscription window, it's a year after it's been in the theater," Netflix chief content officer Ted Sarandos said in an interview with CNN earlier this year.
That timing, of course, limits the value of a monthly Netflix subscription.
 
Movies in theaters also on Netflix?
Defenders of what's known as "windowing" say it maximizes opportunities to recoup financiers' investments in expensive films.
In the interview, Sarandos criticized it as an "antiquated distribution model" and said Netflix was looking at a new model. He compared the idea to the all at once, on-demand release of the drama "House of Cards."
"Maybe in the movie space, we'll do the same thing," he said, "and try to figure out: is there a way that we can, you know, get the movies out there at the same time they're in the theaters? And we'll probably have to make a bet on the programming ourselves to make that work."
Future of media - a custom Flipboard magazine
Indeed, that's what Netflix is doing with "The Green Legend," and it's sure to garner lots of publicity for it.
Sarandos told The New York Times that he hoped the partnership with the Weinsteins and Imax would convince others in Hollywood to strike similar deals.
"What I am hoping is that it will be a proof point that the sky doesn't fall," Sarandos said. "These are two different experiences, like going to a football game and watching a football game on TV."
Earlier this year, in a release that foreshadowed Monday's announcement, Netflix streamed a documentary called "The Square" at the same time it was released in a small number of theaters. But that theatrical release took place primarily so that "The Square" could qualify for Academy Awards consideration.
"The Green Legend" is a different arrangement altogether, with higher stakes for the movie industry. The first "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon" earned more than $210 million worldwide.
"The moviegoing experience is evolving quickly and profoundly, and Netflix is unquestionably at the forefront of that movement," Harvey Weinstein said in a statement Monday night.
First Published: September 29, 2014: 11:07 PM ET
Most Popular

U.S. currency is stronger than everThe U.S. dollar is on top of the world
By Jesse Solomon   @JesseSolomonCNN September 29, 2014: 1:53 PM ET
The dollar is feeling pretty mighty these days.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Investors are pledging allegiance to the dollar.
The U.S. Dollar Index, which measures the value of the greenback against a basket of foreign currencies, has climbed to its highest level in over four years.
"The momentum of the dollar's advance is unprecedented," said analysts at Société Générale in a note Monday morning.
The dollar has long been the world's top business currency and viewed as a "safe bet" among investors. But the recent run up is partly because traders believe the American economy is improving, especially relative to other parts of the world. This will compel the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates, which is generally seen as a good thing for a country's currency.
At the same time, things aren't looking too good in Europe, so the European Central Bank is starting to do some stimulating of its own. Those measures have resulted in a weaker Euro. The Japanese Yen has also struggled because of the country's ongoing economic problems.
Related: Ruble's headlong plunge shows Russia hurting
The dollar trend is likely to continue, economists from Capital Economics claim. They expect the dollar "to appreciate further as the monetary policy of the Fed diverges from that of central banks elsewhere."
They predict that one euro will be worth $1.15 by the end of 2016, compared with around $1.27 now. The dollar has already gained more than 8% against the Euro in the past six months.
So what does a stronger dollar mean for the average American? That depends. Here's what to watch for:
Feeling buff: Americans can take comfort in the fact that a strong dollar is a sign of confidence in the U.S. economy. It means foreign investors are figuring that the country is a good place to park some money for the foreseeable future.
Related: Mohamed El-Erian says take some money out of stocks
A vigorous currency also makes it cheaper for companies to import goods from abroad. In other words, consumers stand to benefit from lower prices. That phenomenon could also help keep inflation in check and allow the Fed to hold interest rates down as long as necessary to keep stimulating the economy.
And if you're planning a vacation abroad, be sure to do a little shopping, since a favorable exchange rate should give you a little more bang for your buck. If you're eying those Italian leather shoes, now is a good time to buy them.
The downside: While a robust dollar cheapens imports, it makes American exports and products look more expensive to the rest of the world. That can hurt domestic manufacturing as U.S. firms end up competing for consumers with international rivals who are offering discounted products.
Furthermore, American-based multinationals that sell a large amount of their goods overseas get shafted when they have to exchange revenues earned abroad back into dollars.
 
Airlines in currency war with Venezuela
The takeaway: While the pros and cons of a stronger dollar are very real, it's probably too early to tell the extent to which it will affect consumers and businesses. Investor sentiment can shift quickly, and any data or central bank actions that change the way investors view the global economy can reverberate quickly across the often opaque foreign exchange market.
So unless you trade currencies for a major investment firm or in your online brokerage account, you probably won't notice a huge difference just yet, except when you buy cheaper souvenirs abroad.
First Published: September 29, 2014: 1:53 PM ET
Most Popular

Thai rail employee sentenced to death for rape  murderPress Trust of India | Bangkok | Posted: September 30, 2014 5:35 pm
A Thai court on Tuesday sentenced to death a railway employee on the charges of murder and aggravated rape of a minor girl on a train in July, a case that created furore in the country.
The Hua Hin provincial court found Wanchai Sangkhao (22) the first defendant in the case, guilty on several counts.
He was sentenced to death for murder, nine years in jail for raping a girl under 15, five years for stealing while on public transport vehicles at night, one year for hiding a body and six months for drug abuse.
Wanchai, a sleeper-car employee of the Railway of Thailand, confessed to raping a 13-year-old girl on July 5 while she was asleep in the Nakhon Si Thammarat-Bangkok express train heading to the Thai capital.
He subsequently threw her out the window while she was still breathing. She was killed by the fall.
Searchers later found her body beside the rail track.
The court rejected Wanchai’s claim for mercy because he had confessed in an act of repentance.
The court said Wanchai confessed because he had no choice as the evidence against him was so strong. There were no grounds for commutation of sentence.
Nattakorn Chamnarn (19) the second defendant who was charged with helping another person rape a girl under 15, confessed during the investigation, but denied the charge in court.
Nattakorn was sentenced to six years in prison as an accessory. Since, he confessed during the investigation stage, the penalty was commuted by a third to four years.

Diesel price set to be cut by Re 1  petrol Rs 1.75E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Jayalalithaa bail hearing tomorrow  Tamil film fraternity on strikeHigh court to hear Jaya’s bail plea today
Sudipto Mondal , Hindustan Times  Bangalore, September 30, 2014
First Published: 09:51 IST(30/9/2014) | Last Updated: 02:03 IST(1/10/2014)
Comments
The Karnataka high court has agreed to hear former Tamil Nadu CM Jayalalithaa's appeal against her conviction on a priority basis. The matter will be heard on Wednesday by a specially constituted vacation bench.
The significant turn of events came hours after a vacation bench on Tueaday morning adjourned the matter to October 6. The adjournment order was issued after the Karnataka government failed to appoint a public prosecutor to contest the challenge mounted by Jayalalithaa's legal team.
Her lawyers immediately approached the high court registrar and the chief justice seeking urgent hearing of the matter.
They submitted that the matter should be treated as an exception as the continued incarceration of Jayalalithaa was causing law and order problems in Tamil Nadu.
 
They also argued that the AIADMK leader's health was unstable. Contesting the need for a public prosecutor to file objections, her lawyers cited sections of the CrPC and said that when the sentence is less than 10 years the judge of a higher court can adjudicate the appeal on merits without seeking the view of the prosecutor.
Jaya refuses to meet Panneerselvam
Former Tamil Nadu CM Jayalalithaa on Wednesday refused to meet O Panneerselvam, the man she has entrusted with the job of holding the CM's chair until she gets the relief she's hoping for from the court.
Panneerselvam was camping in the city since Monday evening for a chance to meet his jailed leader and seek her blessings. He landed in the city shortly after he was administered the oath of office by the Tamil Nadu governor.
He returned disappointed after jail authorities told him that Jayalalithaa had refused to meet him. Jail sources told HT that her cell is far from the visitor's area and she was not in a physical state to walk the distance.

Modi  Obama joint editorial calls for new agenda in tiesModi, Obama raise the bar for bilateral ties in joint oped
Yashwant Raj , Hindustan Times  Washington, September 30, 2014
First Published: 18:21 IST(30/9/2014) | Last Updated: 21:15 IST(21/11/2014)
Comments
India and the US will broaden and deepen their ties by going beyond “modest and conventional goals”, said Prime Minister Narendra Modi and President Barack Obama in a joint oped.
US President Barack Obama welcomes Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the dinner hosted in his honour at the White House in Washington. (PTI Photo)
The article appeared online first Tuesday morning, at http://www.washingtonpost.com , in line perhaps with the two leaders’ love of the new medium, just hours before formal talks.
Work on the oped began days ago, but it was finalised shortly before the two leaders met for the first time over dinner Monday night, joined on both sides by select senior officials.
Ahead of the dinner, the two countries released a vision statement called, “Chalein saath, saath: Forward Together We Go”, to fashion a model relationship for the rest of the world.
The vision document created a buzz among India watchers in Washington DC immediately. Some congressional staff members tweeted, “Wow”, “bold move”.
Read: Ahead of talks Modi, Obama say 'Chalein saath saath'
 
Picking up from the vision statement, the joint oped, a first in the history of India-US relations, said, “It is time to set a new agenda, one that realises concrete benefits for our citizens.”
“This will be an agenda that enables us to find mutually rewarding ways to expand our collaboration in trade, investment and technology that harmonize with India’s ambitious development agenda, while sustaining the United States as the global engine of growth.”
The oped sets the scene for the talks as much as it gives a glimpse into the thinking of the two leaders, who, clearly want to take the relationship to a new level.
A new government in Delhi is an opportunity. “The advent of a new government in India is a natural opportunity to broaden and deepen our relationship,” the leaders said.
Among the areas of focus, the oped indicated, would be the prime minister’s “Clean India” drive, leveraging “private and civil society innovation, expertise and technology”.
But the two countries are looking beyond their own interest. The region and the world will “benefit from the greater stability and security that our friendship creates”.
“We remain committed to the larger effort to integrate South Asia and connect it with markets and people in Central and Southeast Asia, the leaders wrote.
“The promise of a better tomorrow is not solely for Indians and Americans: It also beckons us to move forward together for a better world. This is the central premise of our defining partnership for the 21st century. Forward together we go — ‘chalein saath saath’”.

Honda Motorcycles signs agreement with Gujarat for setting up two-wheelerunitThe agreement was signed in presence of Gujarat Chief minister Anandi Patel, stated an official release from the state government here. (Reuters)
Express News Service | Ahmedabad | Posted: September 30, 2014 7:55 pm
Japanese two-wheeler manufacturer, Honda Motorcycle and Scooters India (HMSI) on Tuesday inked a formal agreement with the Gujarat government to set up a Rs 1100 crore two-wheeler manufacturing unit at Vithalapur in Ahmedabad district of the state.
A State Support Agreement (SSA) was signed at Gandhinagar between the President and CEO of HMSI, Keita Muramatsu and the additional chief secretary (industries and mines), DJ Pandian. The agreement was signed in presence of Gujarat Chief minister Anandi Patel, stated an official release from the state government here.
As per this agreement, the company will set up a unit that will have a capacity to manufacture 1.2 million two-wheelers annually. This unit which is near the Japanese industrial estate will also provide employment to about 2000 people, added the release. The Indian Express had reported in January this year that the company had acquired 200 acres of land directly from the farmers near Vithalapur at about Rs 20 lakh per acre which is in close proximity to the Japanese Industrial Estate and the upcoming Maruti Suzuki car manufacturing plant.
This is the second two-wheeler manufacturer to set up base in Gujarat after Honda’s rival Hero MotoCorp decided to acquire 250 acres of land to set up a similar Rs 1100 crore two-wheeler plant at Halol near Vadodara.
This unit in Ahmedabad district will be HMSI’s fourth plant, after the ones in Haryana, Rajasthan and Karnataka. Chief minister Patel described the agreement as yet another milestone for a Gujarat that is fast turning into an “auto-hub”.

Chopperdeal: 70 million Euros received as kickback  ED tocourtPress Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: September 30, 2014 7:28 pm
Businessman Gautam Khaitan, arrested in connection with the Rs 3,600-crore AgustaWestland chopper deal case , on Tuesday was remanded in five-day Enforcement Directorate (ED) custody after the probe agency alleged that Rs 360 crore was paid as kickbacks in the entire deal.
Khaitan, who was on the board of Chandigarh-based company Aeromatrix which was allegedly a front firm for the financial dealings in the chopper deal, was produced before the court after expiry of his seven days custodial interrogation and ED sought extension of his remand by a week.
Seeking extension of his custody, ED prosecutor Naveen Kumar Matta told Metropolitan Magistrate Sunil Kumar Sharma that during the probe conducted by the agency, they have found that in the 552.25 million Euros deal, 70 million Euros was paid as kickbacks between 2010 and 2012.
“During the investigation, we have found that in this 552.25 million Euros deal, 70 million Euros was paid as kickbacks. The probe in Italy in the matter is going on and we are here to trace the proceeds of crime,” Matta said.
Senior advocate P V Kapur, appearing for Khaitan, opposed the contentions of ED saying there was no apprehension that his client will flee from justice and he had always cooperated in a separate probe being conducted by the CBI in the matter.
He argued that no proper justification has been given by ED to seek Khaitan’s custody for another seven days.
“He (Khaitan) is a soft target. More serious allegations have been levelled against other co-accused. Khaitan, being a lawyer, is the softest target whereas others have not been arrested yet,” Kapur argued.
The court, after hearing the submissions of both the parties, extended the ED’s custody of Khaitan by five more days.

Maruti to recall 69 555 units of old Dzire and Swift RitzPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 30, 2014 7:14 pm
Maruti Suzuki India Tuesday announced recall of 69,555 units of Dzire, Swift and Ritz models manufactured between March 2010 and August 2013 to repair wiring harness fitment.
The recall is only for the diesel variants of the three models. Out of the total, 55,938 units are of old Dzire, 12,486 units of old Swift and 1,131 units of Ritz, which were manufactured between March 8, 2010 and August 11, 2013, the company said in a statement.
This exercise is limited to vehicles within the above specified range and does not pertain to any other vehicle of the company or its exports, it added.
According to the company, the recall was done in order to rectify possible issues with the routing of the wiring harness that connects to the battery.
“Maruti Suzuki dealers will contact owners of all the affected vehicles. The dealer workshop technicians will inspect the wiring harness fitment condition and carry out the necessary repairs, free of cost,” MSI said.
Earlier this year in April, in one of the biggest vehicle recalls, MSI had recalled 1,03,311 units of its popular models- Ertiga, Swift and DZire — manufactured between November 12, 2013 and February 4, 2014 to replace faulty fuel filler neck.
Ever since auto industry body Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers started voluntary recall for safety related in July 2012, a total of nearly 6.1 lakh vehicles have been recalled by various manufacturers in India.

Narendra Modi to connect with people through radio on Oct 3Print
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 30, 2014 8:09 pm | Updated: September 30, 2014 8:11 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will connect with the people through radio on Friday when he will share his thoughts on a variety of issues.
While deciding to reach out to the people through radio, Modi had sought suggestions from the public on the format as well as frequency of such an initiative.
A separate forum was created on the website ‘MyGov’ to enable the citizens to share their views.
“The Radio programme is seen as one more instance of the Prime Minister innovatively communicating with the people,” a PMO statement said.
“The idea of the Prime Minister of India sharing his thoughts with countrymen has been received by people with great enthusiasm. It has attracted response from all the corners of country,” the statement said.
On September 6, Modi had tweeted, “Let’s connect on the Radio…want your ideas.”
The first radio address by the Prime Minister, titled ‘Man ki Baat’ (the heart talk), will be aired on state-run AllIndia Radio (AIR) and its feed would be shared with all FM and community radio stations as well as news and current affairs TV channels.
Doordarshan is planning to carry the contents of the programme along with suitable footage.
Sources said the public service broadcasters are planning to provide free of cost the audio feed as well as visuals to all private radio channels as well as news and current affairs channels which express interest.

Cut in petrol  diesel price halted till PM r...You are here: Home > Collections > Litre
Cut in petrol, diesel price put off till PM Modi's return from US
PTI Sep 30, 2014, 07.52PM IST
Tags:
Cabinet committee
(Diesel price is likely to…)
NEW DELHI: Diesel price is likely to be cut by about Re 1 per litre, the first reduction in rates in over five years, while petrol price may be slashed by around 55 paise after Prime Minister Narendra Modi returns from the US.
Though today is the scheduled fortnightly review of petrol and diesel rates, an announcement will be made only after Modi returns from his US trip tomorrow evening.
Softening international oil rates has meant that diesel under-recovery or the difference between retail price and its imported cost was wiped out and there was an over-recovery of 35 paise a litre from September 16. This over-recovery is now about Re 1 a litre.
While the government had resisted the temptation to cut rates then, prices are likely to be reduced this week, industry and government sources said.
Sources said the oil ministry is of the view that while the Cabinet Committee on Political Affairs (CCPA) had on January 17, 2013, allowed a monthly increase in diesel price of 40-50 paise per month to wipe out the under-recovery, it wasn't envisaged that there would be over-recovery.
It wants to reduce diesel price to protect state-owned oil companies' market share, which may be lost to private retailers who would be selling diesel in tandem with international prices.
Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan is believed to have already written to Modi on the emerging scenario. Also, the ministry has written to the Election Commission seeking their concurrence for the price decrease in view of state assembly elections in Maharashtra and Haryana.
A decision will be taken after Modi's return, they said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

US Stocks Edge Higher in Early TradingAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Markets Likely to Be Weak in Near Term: Avinnash GorakssakarYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Markets Likely to Be Weak in Near Term: Avinnash Gorakssakar
Published On:                  September 25, 2014                 | Duration: 11 min, 48 sec

Nifty Likely to Touch 7 650 in October: Rajat BoseYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Nifty Likely to Touch 7,650 in October: Rajat Bose
Published On:                  September 26, 2014                 | Duration: 12 min, 41 sec

Bullish on HDFC Bank in Near Term: LKPYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Bullish on HDFC Bank in Near Term: LKP
Published On:                  September 26, 2014                 | Duration: 2 min, 53 sec

Italy s most dangerous spiderFerrari 458 Speciale A is Italy's most dangerous spider
By  Stephen Dobie
How close is the BMW 4 Series to the Concept 4?
HIDE CAPTION
The pre-Paris motor show reveals just keep on coming, but you'll want to stop everything and soak this one up: it's the Ferrari 458 Speciale A.
Related
A topless Ferrari F12, anyone?
A stands for aperta, which, if you know your Italian (or your old Ferrari specials), translates as open. No prizes for guessing it's the long rumoured Speciale spider, then, and despite having no fancy hybrid tech or dihedral doors, it looks set to steal a chunk of the Paris headlines.
It follows the same, simple recipe as the  Scuderia  16M it effectively supersedes, taking the Speciale coupe – arguably the greatest supercar of the last decade – and lopping off its roof. Unlike the 16M, though, it doesn't have a fabric roof, instead employing the same folding hard-top setup as the regular 458 Spider, which adds 50kg to the coupe's curb weight. The Speciale A tips the scales at 1445kg.
Underneath the skin, the Speciale's mesmerising mash-up of screaming naturally aspirated power and mind-bogglingly clever electronics remains intact. That means a 4.5-litre V8 with 597 horsepower and 398 pound-feet of torque: enough for 0-62mph in 3.0 seconds, which is unchanged from the tin-top Speciale, despite the weight penalty. It also boasts an identical lap time to the coupe around the circuit in Ferrari's back garden (known more glamorously as Fiorano).
Complementing one of the more glorious engines on sale is a snappy seven-speed twin-clutch paddleshift gearbox and a host of driver-flattering acronyms, the most interesting being SSC (side slip angle control) which assists the driver in carving artful black lines around corners. The stability control can all be turned off, of course.
Being based on Ferrari's most extreme V8 berlinetta, the Speciale A is naturally its fastest, most aerodynamic spider, too.
Prices haven't yet been divulged, but with the 458 Spider commanding a £20,000 premium over its base car, we'd wager an entry point just shy of £230,000 for the Speciale A. That's a largely irrelevant of course, as it doesn't take an awful lot of options list surfing to crank Ferrari prices up considerably. You can probably save yourself a bit of cash by avoiding the lurid blue carbon in the shots above, though...
The  458 Speciale  looks set to be the last naturally aspirated V8 road car to roll out of Maranello, with the 458's replacement – which could arrive as early as next year – set to gain a pair of turbos, like this year's California T. With the ability to fold its roof and take in every one of its screaming decibels, the A could be the ideal way to sign things off.
You'll have to be quick if you want to titillate your eardrums, though – unlike the coupe, this one's limited. Just 499 will be sold, making it as scarce as the LaFerrari.
A version of this story appeared on TopGear.com .

Enterovirus ParalysisParalysis Link Suspected as Enterovirus Spreads
Sep 29, 2014, 7:49 AM ET
By ABC NEWS via Good Morning America
Nine-year-old Jayden Broadway of Denver is being treated for Enterovirus 68 at the Children's Hospital Colorado on Sept. 8, 2014 in Aurora, Colo.
Cyrus McCrimmon/Getty Images
Share
Simon Humphrey spent nine days in a Colorado hospital room fighting for his life.
Humphrey, 13, is one of hundreds of children across the country stricken by Enterovirus 68.
He later had problems moving his limbs.
"I couldn't move my legs," he told ABC News. "The muscles in my arms could barely lift the weight of my hands."
Enterovirus Hits Special School for Kids With Asthma
Humphrey is showing signs of improvement after the temporary paralysis. But his struggle reflects an emerging concern; young patients with respiratory infections later having trouble moving their arms and legs.
Investigators with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention are searching for links between Enterovirus D-68 and paralysis. Nine patients at Children’s Hospital Colorado – all age 18 or younger – have experienced some level of paralysis. Four of the patients tested positive for Enterovirus D-68 but, so far, doctors have not confirmed a link between the respiratory infections and paralysis. Experts say it could take a week before conclusive test results emerge.
Six of the eight children tested were found to be positive for a rhinovirus or enterovirus, and four of those cases were found to be the Enterovirus 68. The other two cases were still pending.
Dr. William Schaffner, an infectious disease expert at the Vanderbilt University School of Medicine in Nashville, Tennessee, said it’s important for officials to understand the scope of the problem.
“In a circumstance like that, the virus actually infects the central nervous system, the spinal cord, causes injury to some of the cells, and that’s what causes the paralysis,” Schaffner said.
Dr. Larry Wolk, the chief medical officer and executive director for Colorado Department of Public Health and Environment, said the paralysis is rare but could be permanent.
“Parents ask, ‘Why? Why my child or why not my child?’” Wolk said. “And it’s a question we can’t answer because we don’t really know why some of these kids go on to develop this type of serious complication.”
Enterovirus D-68 is confirmed or suspected in 45 states. Authorities are investigating whether the virus killed a 4-year-old New Jersey boy Thursday.
Doctors are urging parents to keep a close eye on sick children.
“When your child is not acting the way you would expect with a cold symptom, that’s when you need to access care,“ Dr. Christine Nyquist of Children’s Hospital Colorado said. “Breathing difficulty and wheezing is important to deal with.”

Regulator Grants Permission to MCX to Launch New Contracts in 2015You are here: Home Corporates
Regulator Grants Permission to MCX to Launch New Contracts in 2015
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 29, 2014 20:13 (IST)
Sebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
New Delhi: With Financial Technologies India Ltd (FTIL) fully exiting MCX, the Forward Markets Commission (FMC) on Monday granted permission to the bourse to launch new futures contracts for next year.
"I am directed... to convey in pursuance of bye-laws of your exchange, the approval of the Commission for continuous contracts launch calendars for the futures contracts expiring in the year 2015 and onwards in 27 contracts," commodity market regulator FMC said in a circular.
The bourse has been permitted to launch fresh contracts in commodities such as gold, silver, aluminium, lead, nickel, zinc, copper, natural gas, brent crude oil, natural gas, crude palm oil, mentha oil and cardamom among others, it said.
The approval was given immediately after Financial Technologies (FTIL) signed a new technology pact with MCX and concluded on this day the sale of 15 per cent stake in the commodity bourse to Kotak Mahindra Bank for Rs 459 crore. Signing of such a pact was a pre-condition to conclude the stake sale.
FMC had held back approval for launch of new contracts to MCX to ensure that the bourse puts pressure on FTIL to comply with the December 2013 order that declared it as 'unfit' to run any bourse in view of the Rs 5,600-crore scam at National Spot Exchange Ltd (NSEL), promoted by FTIL.
In its latest circular, FMC said that the contracts to be launched by MCX in the next year should be subject to regulatory norms. The contract specifications should also be as approved by FMC and the directions issued by the regulator from time to time.
MCX should send a monthly/quarterly report on functioning of the various contracts. The exchange should also ensure that there is no "unhealthy speculative trading" in the market, which may result in cornering or artificial rigging up or down of the prices by a particular member or group or class of members, it said.
"If trading in the above mentioned contracts results in excessive/unhealthy speculation, the Commission will intervene and impose stern measures to deal with the situation and if the situation so warrants, revoke the permission granted to any or all the contracts," the regulator cautioned.
As far as agricultural contracts are concerned, apart from the approved quality standards, the exchange should ensure that the commodity deposited should comply with the regulations laid down by the other authorities like Food Safety Standards Authority of India, AGMARK etc, it said.
MCX is a leading commodity bourse in the country. Its volumes have taken a beating after the scam at NSEL surfaced and imposition of commodity trading tax.
The turnover of the exchange was Rs 2,06,876 crore in the first fortnight of this month, down from Rs 2,71,348crore in the same period last year, as per the FMC data.
Story first published on: September 29, 2014 20:11 (IST)

India a Great Place to Invest: General Electric CEO ImmeltSebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
New York: General Electric chief executive Jeffrey Immelt described India as a great place to invest and that the US conglomerate is looking to make more investments in the country after he met with Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday.
Describing his one-on-one meeting with the Prime Minister as "excellent", Mr Immelt said, "GE is a long-term investor in India. We look forward to more in the future."
The GE chief also had high praise for Mr Modi whom he described as a Prime Minister with "good head set for business" and expressed hope that he would continue to "drive the reform process".
The Prime Minister pitched the India story in his interaction with Mr Immelt and discussed steps that can be taken to enhance country's business environment.
Impressed with the meeting, Mr Immelt said, "India is a great country and place to invest."
Earlier on Monday, the Prime Minister also had one-on-one meetings with CEOs of Boeing, KKR, BlackRock, IBM and Goldman Sachs and is believed to have pitched for big-ticket investments in India to develop infrastructure and create more jobs.
GE has a significant presence in India across many sectors and employs thousands of people.
Story first published on: September 29, 2014 23:52 (IST)

Maruti Suzuki recalls 69 555 units of old Dzire  Swift and RitzMaruti Suzuki recalls 69,555 units of old Dzire and Swift, Ritz
By ECONOMICTIMES.COM | 30 Sep, 2014, 05.34PM IST
The recall is meant to inspect and repair the wiring harness fitment of 55,938 units of Old Dzire, 12,486 units of Old Swift and 1,131 units of Ritz.
()
Prices | Financials | Company Info | Reports
NEW DELHI: Maruti Suzuki India, the country's largest car maker, on Tuesday announced the recall of 69,555 diesel vehicles, including the old Dzire , Old Swift and Ritz models.
The recall is meant to inspect and repair the wiring harness fitment of 55,938 units of Old Dzire, 12,486 units of Old Swift and 1,131 units of Ritz, manufactured between 8th March 2010 and 11th August 2013.
This exercise is limited to vehicles within the above specified range and does not pertain to any other vehicle of the company or its exports, Maruti said in a release.
"Maruti Suzuki dealers will contact owners of all the affected vehicles. The dealer workshop technicians will inspect the wiring harness fitment condition and carry out the necessary repairs, free of cost," the company said.
"The problem was noticed based on feedback monitoring and internal checks by the company. Accordingly proactive action has been initiated in the interest of customers," the statement added.

Soldiers may be on border  but China companies believe in no boundarySoldiers may be on border, but China companies believe in no boundary
ET Bureau Sep 30, 2014, 06.27PM IST
Tags:
(Xiaomi is rapidly expanding…)
By Evelyn Fok & Krithika Krishnamurthy
BANGALORE: The dragon has finally made its way into the subcontinent and poked its head into the tiger's lair.
Chinese technological giants have arrived in the country with a clear understanding that their products must be customised for the domestic consumer to make them as indispensable to Indians are they are to the Chinese.
Electronics maker Xiaomi is among those leading the charge. It is rapidly expanding in the smartphone space and is already setting up a research and development centre in Bangalore.
Similarly, third-party mobile browser UC Web, which was bought by online retailer Alibaba, just launched an open platform specifically for Indian developers, and phone-optimiser application CleanMaster is making calcu lated efforts to target Android users throughout India. To tailor their products to the Indian customer base, companies need a little help from the people who know the market best Indians themselves. "That's what we are trying to do: to build an internet company, doing so in a way that is highly Indian built by Indians, for Indians," said Hugo Barra, vice-president for international operations for Xiaomi, the leading smartphone vendor in China with a 14% market share, according to market research firm Canalys.
He said the company will invest in Indian startups in the near future. "The Chinese interest in the market will create good opportunities for the Indian professionals, but it will not translate into a large number of jobs, as these are product companies, unlike most Indian service firms," said Sangeeta Gupta, spokeswoman for industry lobby Nasscom. The Chinese have also grown with little or no marketing budgets. For example, Xiaomi has sold about 240,000 smartphones within two months with no advertisements. UC Web, which also doesn't advertise, reached 10% market penetration in India in 2010, which prompted their decision to set up an office in India the following year.
UC Web's flagship product UCBrowser crossed 500 million users this year and has 65% market share in China and about 32% in India. "In India there are a lot of localised products, for example cricket, Bollywood movies... there is a lot of customisation," said Kenny Ye, general manager India for UC Web.
The Chinese are trying to be one of the early birds in India, before the market attains maturity. India currently has the highest smartphone population growth rate in the world, which is forecast to reach 500 million in 2017.
  China reached that milestone earlier this year. Android app store Mobogenie, which was started in 2007 and employs 10,000 people in China, has its largest market in India, with a tenth of its 400 million users based in the country. In India, the company has a 100-strong local workforce, and plans to hire senior Indian executives to drive its strategy. On the other hand, Xiaomi is envisioning a "community-driven software development" approach to come up with customisation solutions for its devices.
For example, it is creating a crowd sourced translation site to take its products, which are currently available only in Hindi, to 10 additional Indian languages.
It is also creating a community of Indian beta users, to whom localised products are pre-launched two months in advance for testing and feedback. "I think that the biggest mistake we can make is to try what has worked in other markets and immediately assume that the problems that India has are problems that we already have a great product for," said Eric Villines, vice-president of marketing of office software company Kingsoft.
To ease their entry into the Indian market, these Chinese companies are also pairing up with Indian players. Most notably, Xiaomi distributes exclusively through online retailer FlipKart, while Mobogenie has tied up with Micromax and Spice to integrate their product with the handset makers.
On the other hand, CleanMaster is collaborating with local marketing and sales companies to further boost its Indian customer base, which already stands at 50 million without prior advertising.
But there are issues. The rate at which smartphone penetration is growing in India far exceeds what the infrastructure can support. In particular, the underdeveloped payment system here is a headache, especially for the gaming industry.
"The conversation here about carrier payments is similar to what took place in China four or five years ago," said Wang Zhe, vice-president of mobile entertainment platform Chukong Technologies. As a result, Zhe expresses that the time is not yet ripe for Chukong to enter the India market. The company finds 5% of its user base in India.
At present, China's GDP is four times that of India, its ecommerce market 100 times larger, and its mobile gaming industry 33 times. As Qian of Mobogenie comments, "What has been achieved here is only a fraction of what has been achieved in China." But the challenges do not deter the Chinese who are not looking to rake in profits in the short term. "That is why we launched the open platform.
This is how we build an ecosystem," said Ye of UC Web. "We need to support local developers and content providers, to include them in the business."
FEATURED ARTICLES

With a bullet: Walmart  Pimco  ArgentinaWith a bullet: Argentina, Pimco, Walmart, Pimco, Batman
By: John Waggoner September 30, 2014 8:51 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
By trying to sidestep his orders regarding payments to bondholders, Argentina is in contempt of court , ruled Judge Thomas P. Griesa of Federal District Court in Manhattan. The ruling is the latest in a series of dramatic turns in the case, in which bondholders have tried to get the nation to pay on defaulted debt.
Walmart’s low-cost checking accounts have banks seeing red. The accounts will have no overdraft or bounced check fees, nor do they require a minimum bank balance. There is one catch: if customers don’t deposit at least $500 a month, there will be a monthly $8.95 fee.

Apollo-Sanofi alliance to set up 100 sugar clinics in 201502:30 pm
Healthcare major Apollo Hospitals  today collaborated with global pharmaceuticals firm Sanofi  to provide diabetes care programmes through the Indian healthcare major's Apollo Sugar Clinics.
The outlay of the company for the first 50 clinics that will be set up by the end of this year, is set to be Rs 200 crore, says Prathap Reddy, Chairman - Apollo Hospitals, adding that another 100 clinics will be set up in 2015.
Through this partnership, Apollo and Sanofi plan to leverage their respective expertise in diabetes to provide patients with access to comprehensive educational resources, treatment and care programmes for better management.
Apollo Hospitals is looking at investments for clinics from Sanofi too, adds Reddy in an interview with CNBC-TV18.
Below is the verbatim transcript of the interview:
Q: Can you tell us exactly what the two companies together are going to do?
A: We are trying to bring the best outcome for patients with diabetes. The sugar clinics are meant to bring a holistic approach for individuals with diabetes because diabetics and noncommunicable diseases (NCDs) are a huge threat; I called as a pandemic that is facing the world and India, developing and under developed countries for them it is much bigger problem. 36 billions deaths per year, USD 30 trillion by 2030 is a terrible thing. This is why we believe whatever we promised 30 years ago to bring the care of international standards for our people, is one thing.
But what we really look at is the new threat that India is facing and that we are the diabetic capital of the world, we are cancer capital of the world and heart capital of the world. For diabetes we would like to see how we can make diabetes disease free. This is where Sanofi with 100 years of experience; they are going to give the global experience to us in creating a unique clinic model so that patient will able to have total assessment of his clinical status and what ever is needed it's a cardio logical problem is there to attain it early or a neurological problem or veins problem.
This is where this is going to be unique model where it's not going to be just control of his blood, sugar but to be able to control or manage these diseases.
Q: Will Sanofi or Joslin bring in expertise only or will they also be bringing in some degree of capital and really what is the capital outlay for setting up such 50 clinics?
A: In collaboration with Sanofi we are also looking at they co-investing with us but that does not stop us. That is going to take formalities of investment so on and so forth. They are already with us in building these clinics. The training is going on and whatever other product development is required is happening.
Joslin is not investing now. Joslin is now joining us only in training the doctors and giving us modules in helping diabetes disease free and most importantly in the research angle.
Q: What do you expect Apollo Hospitals’ outlay will be in setting up these 50 clinics?
A: We are thinking around Rs 200 crore for the first 50 clinics.
Q: And what is the time period that you intent to spend this money in or set up these clinics in?
A: On December 31st we are supposed to finish our 50th clinic and today I pushed them saying that we have all the products completed. You can roll it out earlier. So, now we are looking at how many they will do by October 30 and by November 15 can they do 50 clinics. I think they will do it but our original plan was that we will do 50 clinics by December 31 and in 2015-16 we will do another 100.
Apollo Hospital stock price
On November 24, 2014, at  09:42 hrs Apollo Hospitals Enterprises was quoting at Rs 1184.25, down Rs 16.2, or 1.35 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 1242.75 and the 52-week low was Rs 817.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 24.37 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 48.59. The latest book value of the company is Rs 213.10 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 5.56.
RELATED NEWS

IVRCL puts up Rs 4K cr assets for sale to ease debt: CMDSep 30, 2014, 05.12 PM IST  | Source: PTI
IVRCL puts up Rs 4K cr assets for sale to ease debt: CMD
IVRCL Ltd Chairman and Managing Director E Sudhir Reddy said the assets for sale include road projects both operational and under construction and Desalination plant in Chennai.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
IVRCL puts up Rs 4K cr assets for sale to ease debt: CMD
IVRCL Ltd Chairman and Managing Director E Sudhir Reddy said the assets for sale include road projects both operational and under construction and Desalination plant in Chennai.
Post your opinion here
 
Cash strapped infrastructure major IVRCL Ltd has put up Rs 4,000 crore worth of assets for sale and expects to come out of debt burden in the next two years once the sale is successful, a senior official has said.
IVRCL  Ltd Chairman and Managing Director E Sudhir Reddy said the assets for sale include road projects both operational and under construction and Desalination plant in Chennai. "We will be selling the BOT projects and come out of debt in two years. The debt component on the main company is not much. On the EBITDA side there is profit in the company.
We are servicing more of interest component (on the loans)," Reddy, told PTI on the sidelines of recently held Annual General Meeting here. Corporate Debt Restructuring Empowered Group had earlier approved the company's proposal for a debt recast package of Rs 7,300 crore.
IVRCL is facing cash crunch due to economic slowdown, higher interest charges, and slower pace of execution of projects. As part of debt recast, IVRCL is also eligible to get a fresh loan of Rs 175 crore that can be used towards meeting working capital requirements besides getting Rs 1,400 crore bank guarantees among other facilities.
IVRCL is currently engaged in discussion with Tata Group firm TRIL Roads Pvt Ltd to offload three road projects. However, no binding term sheet has been signed by both the parties, he said.
Reddy said that IVRCL owns seven road projects, including three operational and expects Rs 1.85 crore from toll collection daily once all the projects become operational. The company holds a 75 per cent stake in Chennai Water Desalination Ltd (CWDL), which invested around Rs 600 crore to set up a 100 million litres a day seawater desalination plant in Chennai on a build, own, operate and transfer (BOOT) basis for 25 years.
The other 25 per cent stake is held by Spanish partner Befesa Agua, which brought in the technology to purify sea water and convert it into potable water. IVRCL invested about Rs 240 crore as equity, raising the balance money through debt.
IVRCL achieved a gross turnover of Rs 4,305 crore for the 12 months period ended March 31, 2014 as against Rs 3,759  crore for the previous financial year (9 months period). It suffered Rs 717 crore loss during the last fiscal.
IVRCL stock price
On November 24, 2014, at  09:42 hrs IVRCL was quoting at Rs 18.15, up Rs 0.10, or 0.55 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 30.75 and the 52-week low was Rs 9.80.
The latest book value of the company is Rs 47.26 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company was 0.38.
RELATED NEWS

System has flexibility to deal with loans: Guv on CoalgateLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
System has flexibility to deal with loans: Guv on Coalgate
He was replying to a specific question on bankers saying that they may ask for some flexibility from RBI in showing some "regulatory forbearance" in the face of the Supreme Court order last week.
Post your opinion here
 
Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan today said there is already "fair amount of flexibility" in the system to deal with loans impacted by the Supreme Court order to de-allocate 214 coal blocks.
"I will reiterate that whenever we have issues of flexibility coming up, the real issue is putting the asset back on track, recovering the loan, etc. It's not about postponing recognition of the problem and let's keep that in mind," Rajan told reporters at the customary post-policy interaction.
He was replying to a specific question on bankers saying that they may ask for some flexibility from RBI in showing some "regulatory forbearance" in the face of the Supreme Court order last week.
"I think there is fair amount of flexibility already built into our approach and I think it would be premature to judge questions of flexibility," Rajan said.
After discussing the ramifications of the apex court order, the bankers had said that they might have to request for a "regulatory forbearance" if the assets turn bad due to the order.
They had also opined that exposures to large corporates will be insulated from troubles as the urge to protect reputations will make them pay up.
Deputy governor Urjit Patel said the order may not stoke inflation because the country already imports a lot of its coal requirements and moreover, the electricity prices are regulated which may not result in an immediate increase in
the prices.
Rajan said the opportunity to reform by starting afresh on exploiting the coal reserves, the fourth largest in the world, is the "silver lining" in the whole issue.
The Supreme Court decision to cancel the allocation of 214 coal blocks will have bearing on thermal power plants, in which the banks have put in more than Rs 1 lakh crore as loans.
RELATED NEWS

August core sector growth inches to 5.8%Sep 30, 2014, 06.56 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
August core sector growth inches to 5.8%
Growth in the coal output was up 13.4 percent against 6.2 percent month-on-month. The government April-August core industries growth came in at 4.4 percent (YoY)
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
August core sector growth inches to 5.8%
Growth in the coal output was up 13.4 percent against 6.2 percent month-on-month. The government April-August core industries growth came in at 4.4 percent (YoY)
Post your opinion here
 
Core sector growth for the month of August picked up with eight core sector industries growing by 5.8 percent against 4.7 percent in same month last year. The July core sector data was 2.7 percent.  
Growth in the coal output was up 13.4 percent against 6.2 percent month-on-month. The government April-August core industries growth came in at 4.4 percent (YoY).
Crude output and natural gas output recorded growth of 4.9 percent and 8.3 percent respectively in August, according to the data of the Commerce and Industry Ministry.
However, the cement output was up only 10.3 percent versus 16.5 percent in July.
Experts believe that the overall core sector growth of 5.8 percent is a positive for the economy given that it forms 37 percent of the index of industrial production.
According to  Yes Bank chief economist Shubhada Rao, the numbers are good but the internals are even better. Electricity and coal are doing good and steel is adding to the party.
“These are leading sectors for future activities and overall, this should help support trajectory getting positive going forward,” she adds.
Going ahead, the growth trajectory looks much positive, she concludes. 
RELATED NEWS

Coalgate: System has flexibility to deal with loans  saya Raghuram Rajan1
0
Mumbai: Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan on Tuesday said that there is already "fair amount of flexibility" in the system to deal with loans impacted by the Supreme Court order to de-allocate 214 coal blocks.
"I will reiterate that whenever we have issues of flexibility coming up, the real issue is putting the asset back on track, recovering the loan, etc. It's not about postponing recognition of the problem and let's keep that in mind," Rajan said at the customary post-policy interaction.
He was replying to a specific question on bankers saying that they may ask for some flexibility from RBI in showing some "regulatory forbearance" in the face of the Supreme Court order last week.
"I think there is fair amount of flexibility already built into our approach and I think it would be premature to judge questions of flexibility," Rajan said.
#coalgate #rbi #raghuram rajan #supreme court
"I think there is fair amount of flexibility already built into our approach and I think it would be premature to judge questions of flexibility," Rajan said. After discussing the ramifications of the apex court order, the bankers had said that they might have to request for a "regulatory forbearance" if the assets turn bad due to the order.
They had also opined that exposures to large corporates will be insulated from troubles as the urge to protect reputations will make them pay up. Deputy governor Urjit Patel said the order may not stoke inflation because the country already imports a lot of its coal requirements and moreover, the electricity prices are regulated which may not result in an immediate increase in the prices.
Rajan said that the opportunity to reform by starting afresh on exploiting the coal reserves, the fourth largest in the world, is the "silver lining" in the whole issue.
The Supreme Court decision to cancel the allocation of 214 coal blocks will have bearing on thermal power plants, in which the banks have put in more than Rs 1 lakh crore as loans.
1

US Home Prices Rise at Slowest Pace in 20 MonthsAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Eight core industries grow by 5.8 per cent in AugustE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Shiv Sena will not win more than 20-22 seats: Narayan Rane13
0
Tuljapur (Maharashtra): Former Industries Minister Narayan Rane took potshots at the Uddhav Thackeray-led Shiv Sena, claiming that it will not get more than 20-22 seats in the October 10 state Assembly elections.
"So Uddhav Thackeray is now dreaming to be the CM of Maharashtra but can he become the CM by only giving big talks? Shiv Sena can never come to power in Maharashtra because they will not be able to win more than 20-22 seats on their own strength," Rane said on Tuesday.
Addressing his supporters here during the launch of Congress's Assembly polls campaign, Rane said that Thackeray cannot speak of governance as he has no experience in it.
The senior leader also disapproved of Maharashtra Governor C Vidyasagar Rao's recommendation of imposing President's rule in the poll-bound state.
#maharashtra #shiv sena #bjp #narayan rane
"How will Uddhav prove himself to be a good CM when he himself has no experience in governance? Maharashtra needs someone who can ably head the state government," he said.
The senior leader also disapproved of Maharashtra Governor C Vidyasagar Rao's recommendation of imposing President's rule in the poll-bound state.
"The people of Maharashtra should understand what was the reason for the Governor to recommend the President's rule when there are just 15 days to go for elections? They could have allowed Prithviraj Chavan to continue as caretaker CM. But they did not do that because they wanted to have an edge over other parties," Rane said.
Taking a dig at the BJP government headed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Rane alleged that Modi failed to rein in the Chinese troops that were prepared to seize Indian territory.
"Modi invites the Chinese President (Xi Jinping) to Gujarat and while he is busy talking to him over the shores of Sabarmati river, the Chinese troops get ready to seize Indian territory. Should he not have reined the troops immediately instead of chatting with Jinping?" Rane asked.
He claimed that India continues to remain in an economic mess, while the PM is busy touring other countries.
2

Secret Service Director Testifies on Capitol Hill After White House BreachSPECIAL LIVE COVERAGE FROM ABC NEWS
RADAR: Heavy Rain and Storms Moving Across Eastern US
EXPLORE.ORG: Underwater Sea Nettles Cam
WARNING: VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAMING COVERAGE
LIVE Coverage Calendar

US Stocks Edge Lower in Early TradingAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Assam flood toll rises to 43; nearly six lakhaffectedIn Goalpara, nearly 3.7 lakh people are affected and more than around 80,000 in Kamrup Rura. (Source: PTI)
Guwahati | Posted: September 30, 2014 8:13 pm
The flood situation in Assam continued to remain grim with report of one more death today, taking the toll to 43 so far, while nearly six lakh people are affected in the natural disaster.
According to the daily flood report by Assam State Disaster Management Authority (ASDMA), one body was recovered in the worst-hit Goalpara district.
With this, 20 people have lost their lives in Goalpara, followed by 16 deaths in Kamrup Rural, six in Kamrup Metro and one in Dhubri during the latest wave of floods in Assam.
ASDMA said 431 villages across six districts are still affected in the flood with nearly six lakh people affected due  to the flood waters.
In Goalpara, nearly 3.7 lakh people are affected, followed almost one lakh in Nagaon and more than around 80,000 in Kamrup Rural, it added.
The authorities are operating 165 relief camps and shelter homes, where around 1.5 lakh people are staying at this moment.
In Goalpara, around 70,000 people are staying at relief  camps, while almost 60,000 people are living in such places in Nagaon, ASDMA said.
Over 93,000 hectares of crop area are still under water across the state. In Goalpara, over 37,000 hectares of area have been affected, hitting nearly 83,000 farm families.
In Goalpara, 81,582 houses were either fully or partially damaged due to the flood.
ASDMA said there have been reports of severe damage of government infrastructure like schools, health centres and offices in many districts n account of the natural disaster.
Meanwhile, Brahmaputra is flowing above the danger mark at Nimatighat in Jorhat district and Kopili at Dharamtul in Nagaon, ASDMA said.
The affected six districts are Goalpara, Kamrup Rural, Nagaon, Morigaon, Nalbari and Dhemaji.

Narendra Modi to connect with people through radio on Oct3Print
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 30, 2014 8:09 pm | Updated: September 30, 2014 8:11 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will connect with the people through radio on Friday when he will share his thoughts on a variety of issues.
While deciding to reach out to the people through radio, Modi had sought suggestions from the public on the format as well as frequency of such an initiative.
A separate forum was created on the website ‘MyGov’ to enable the citizens to share their views.
“The Radio programme is seen as one more instance of the Prime Minister innovatively communicating with the people,” a PMO statement said.
“The idea of the Prime Minister of India sharing his thoughts with countrymen has been received by people with great enthusiasm. It has attracted response from all the corners of country,” the statement said.
On September 6, Modi had tweeted, “Let’s connect on the Radio…want your ideas.”
The first radio address by the Prime Minister, titled ‘Man ki Baat’ (the heart talk), will be aired on state-run AllIndia Radio (AIR) and its feed would be shared with all FM and community radio stations as well as news and current affairs TV channels.
Doordarshan is planning to carry the contents of the programme along with suitable footage.
Sources said the public service broadcasters are planning to provide free of cost the audio feed as well as visuals to all private radio channels as well as news and current affairs channels which express interest.

Be a source of energy for others: Nadellas lesson for IndiasyouthCalling it the most nervous speech of this trip, Nadella said: "The energy is palpable, the optimism is palpable, the confidence is here to be seen... I have been able to get that sense." (Source: Microsoft)
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | New Delhi | Posted: September 30, 2014 8:09 pm
“The energy that you create around you is going to be the most important attribute you bring to others,” Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella told a hall full of students, and thousands more who were listening in on a live stream, on the second day of his first visit to India after taking over one of the largest tech corporations in the world.
“I do believe in the long run EQ (emotional quotient) does trump IQ (intelligence quotient). For without the ability to be a source of energy for the others very little can be accomplished,” he said, sharing his life’s learning with the youth of India at an event also attended by Human Resource Minister Smriti Irani.
Nadella was also nostalgic, remembering the time he spend in Delhi as a child. He said it was a lecture by Nobel price winner Subrahmanyan Chandrasekhar he heard in the city that inspired him the most then.
Calling it the most nervous speech of this trip, Nadella said: “The energy is palpable, the optimism is palpable, the confidence is here to be seen… I have been able to get that sense.” He told the students that the opportunity in front of them was unparalleled. “It really comes down to the ingenuity of the human capital in this country in terms of what it is that you are going to shape and change.” He said it is no longer one field of engineering as most of the most of the opportunity and change was being created by people from diverse backgrounds coming together to innovate. “It is this multidisciplinary approach to innovation that is going to shape and change what you will do and create,” he told the students to thunderous applause.
Nadella said we are going through a massive technological shift, “a mobile-first, cloud-first world”. “But it is not the device that is mobile, it is you who is mobile,” he added.
Also stressing the need to be an academic throughout, he said the constant quest to learn has shaped him the most in his journey. He summed it up by saying that you have to fall in love with your work and find meaning in what you do. Nadella quoted Mahatma Gandhi to drive this message in: “Live everyday as if it is your last day and learn as if you will live for ever.”

Attack on CJI in 1975: Convict gets time tosurrenderPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 30, 2014 8:04 pm
The Delhi High Court on Tuesday granted 16 more days to a convict to surrender before the trial court in the sensational case of attempt to assassinate the then Chief Justice of India A N Ray near the Supreme Court in 1975.
Santosh Anand Avdhoot, convicted along with Sudevanand Avdhoot, got the relief till October 16 when Justice Sunita Gupta will hear his plea challenging the order to surrender on the ground that he has already spend more years in jail than the 10-year imprisonment term awarded to him.
Sudevanand, who was also awarded the same jail term, has complied with the order to surrender.
The two convicts — both belonging to Anandmargi sect — were held guilty of conspiring to bomb the car of Ray on the evening of March 20, 1975.
The third accused Ranjan Dwivedi, a lawyer, succeeded in getting his conviction overturned by the high court.
On Santosh Anand’s plea that he be set free, the high court has asked the Tihar Jail authority to file a report after verifying the years spend by him during the trial and and later after the conviction by the trial court.
The high court had on August 14 passed the verdict, 38 years after their appeals were filed.

Promoter entity buys 9.09% stake in HexawarePromoter entity HT Global IT Solutions Holdings buys 9.09 per cent stake in Hexaware for Rs 532 crore
PTI Sep 30, 2014, 08.08PM IST
Tags:
Hexaware Technologies Parel Investment Holding Ltd
(HT Global IT Solutions Holdings…)
MUMBAI: Promoter entity HT Global IT Solutions Holdings today picked up 9.09 per cent stake in the IT firm, Hexaware Technologies, for a little over Rs 532 crore through open market route.
The shares were purchased from another promoter firm of Hexaware Technologies, Parel Investment Holding Ltd, as per information available with stock exchanges.
HT Global IT Solutions Holdings Ltd acquired 2,7,288,327 shares, representing 9.09 per cent stake, of Hexaware Technologies.
The shares were bought on an average price of Rs 195 apiece valuing the transaction at Rs 532.12 crore.
As on June 30, Parel Investment Holding held 2.72 crore shares or 9.09 per cent stake in Hexaware Technologies, while HT Global IT Solutions Holdings owned 16.44 crore scrips or 54.74 per cent stake in the mid-sized IT firm.
Shares of Hexaware Technologies rose by 2.6 per cent to close at Rs 201.15 apiece on the BSE.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India s biz with ASEAN countries 30% of tota...You are here: Home > Collections > Trade
India's business with ASEAN countries only 30% of total trade
PTI Sep 30, 2014, 08.02PM IST
Tags:
Anil Wadhwa
(Focusing on the cost of transportation…)
SHILLONG: India's business with ASEAN countries is only 30 per cent of total ASEAN trade even as the thrust is on increasing business through infrastructural development connecting important trade points, Ministry of External Affairs Secretary (East) Anil Wadhwa said today.
"India being a part of RCEP, the largest Economic Partnerships across the world having more than 10 countries, has a great potential in enjoying trade benefits with its neighbouring countries. However, India's trade with ASEAN countries is only 30 per cent of total ASEAN trade," Wadhwa said.
Addressing the inaugural session of 'India-ASEAN Connectivity: Challenges and opportunities for the North Eastern Region' here, Wadhwa said there has been a hike in trade by more than 16 per cent following the FTA with ASEAN countries.
Focusing on the cost of transportation and logistics, he said special incentives have been given for development of connectivity and infrastructure projects.
The Shipping Corporation of India will be starting connectivity between eastern region of India and Yangon in Myanmar from next year which is considered to be one of the impactful activities to be implemented, he said.
The government is focusing on increasing the number of 'Visa on Arrival' from ASEAN countries, increasing duration of stay and enhancing the multiple entry schemes to travellers, he added.
Wadhwa said financial and communication linkages with ASEAN countries need to be developed focusing on border trades through Manipur.
FEATURED ARTICLES

China September PMI estimate grim  says HSBCChina September PMI misses estimate, says HSBC
By AFP | 30 Sep, 2014, 07.08PM IST
China's manufacturing activity came in below initial expectations in September adding to pressure on Beijing to address slowing growth.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BEIJING: China's manufacturing activity came in below initial expectations in September, HSBC said Tuesday, adding to pressure on Beijing to address slowing growth in the world's second-largest economy.
The British bank's final purchasing managers index (PMI), which tracks activity in China's factories and workshops, came in at 50.2.
But while the closely watched figure, compiled by information services provider Markit and released by HSBC, is unchanged from August and is above the 50-point level that separates growth and contraction, it is below a preliminary reading of 50.5.
August's figure was down from an 18-month high of 51.7 in July. Beijing's official PMI for August came in at 51.1, down from 51.7 in July. It will release its September figure on Wednesday.
"Production increased at the slowest pace in the current four-month sequence of expansion, while job-shedding across the sector extended into an 11th successive month," HSBC said.
Last week's initial result had sparked some optimism that China's economy may be showing signs of picking up following a string of weak data recently.
Qu Hongbin, HSBC's chief economist for China, said the latest reading indicates growth in the sector still lacks vigour.
"Overall, the data in September suggest that manufacturing activity continues to expand at a slow pace," Qu said in a release acompanying the data.
"We think risks to growth are still on the downside and warrant more accommodative monetary as well as fiscal policies."
China's economy grew a stronger-than-expected 7.5 per cent in the second quarter, up from 7.4 per cent in the previous three months, which was the worst since a similar 7.4 per cent expansion in July-September 2012.
China is scheduled to announce third-quarter gross domestic product figures on October 21.

Cut in petrol  diesel price put off till Narendra Modi s return from USE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Border row: Ladakh standoff ends with withdrawal of Chinese  IndiantroopsPrint
Press Trust of India | Beijing | Posted: September 30, 2014 8:30 pm | Updated: September 30, 2014 8:45 pm
China on Tuesday said the standoff with India at the Ladakh region has been resolved as both sides completed simultaneous withdrawal of troops, and underlined that the two nations have the “determination and capability” to maintain peace and stability at the border areas.
“On September 30, the frontier defence troops of the two countries completed simultaneous withdrawal according to the steps formulated by the two sides and restored peace and tranquillity in the area,” the Chinese Foreign Ministry said in a press release.
“The two sides reached a consensus on properly resolving the recent standoff between the frontier defence troops at the border between the two countries,” state-run Xinhua news agency quoted the press statement as saying.
The Foreign Ministry said the two sides will continue to communicate on issues relating to maintaining peace and tranquillity at the border areas through the China-India border consultation and coordination mechanism, a body established by both sides to resolve such issues.
“Both sides understand that friendly cooperation conform with their common interests and peaceful and tranquil borders are important for the growth of bilateral relations,” it said.
The Foreign Ministry said the “two sides have the determination, wisdom and capability to jointly maintain peace and stability at the border areas to create a sound environment for the expansion of bilateral relations.”
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj and Chinese Foreign Affairs Minister Wang Yi had met on September 25 at the United Nations and discussed the border stand-off issue.
The two armies were engaged in a stand-off at Chumar region in Ladakh, coinciding with the first visit of the Chinese President Xi Jinping to India.
Tension in the area erupted on September 21 when some Chinese workers, who were constructing a road on their side, crossed into the Indian side and also claimed that they had orders to build a road up to Tible, 5-km deep inside Indian territory.
As the two sides grappled to resolve the incident, Chinese foreign and defence ministries had played it down saying that it was not a significant issue in the overall contest of Sino-India relations.
Chinese Defence Ministry spokesman, Col Geng Yansheng had said on September 25 that “I would like to emphasis again that
because the China-India border is not demarcated, it is sometimes inevitable that incidents happen.”
“What is important is for both sides to implement agreements signed by both sides to boost mutual understanding and mutual trust and make joint efforts to maintain peace and stability in the India-China border region,” he had said.
He had skipped questions on why the incursion took place coinciding with the visit of top Chinese leaders to India.
While Chinese troops entered the Depsang Valley in Ladakh region last year during Premier Li Keqiang’s visit, the two armies were engaged in a stand-off at Chumar region in Ladakh coinciding with the visit of President Xi, creating speculation whether they were the pressure tactics by the Chinese military to press for an early settlement of the boundary issue.
Also Xi’s call to the top military after his return from India that his instructions should continued…

Obama hails signing of BSA with Afghanistan as historicPrint
Afghanistan's national security adviser Mohmmad Hanif Atmar, second right, and U.S. Ambassador James Cunningham, second left, exchange documents of the Bilateral Security Agreement at a signing ceremony as Afghanistan's President Ashraf Ghani Ahmadzai, center right, and Chief Executive Abdullah Abdullah, center left, watch, at the presidential palace in Kabul, Afghanistan, Tuesday, Sept. 30, 2014. (AP Photo)
Press Trust of India | Washington | Posted: September 30, 2014 8:20 pm
Terming the signing of a much-delayed bilateral security agreement between Afghanistan and the US as ‘historic’, President Barack Obama Tuesday said it would help target the remnants of al-Qaeda in the war-torn country.
“Today we mark an historic day in the US-Afghan partnership that will help advance our shared interests and the long-term security of Afghanistan,” Obama said in a statement.
“This agreement represents an invitation from the Afghan government to strengthen the relationship we have built over the past 13 years and provides our military service members the necessary legal framework to carry out two critical missions after 2014: targeting the remnants of al-Qaeda and training, advising, and assisting Afghan National Security Forces,” he said.
The signing of the BSA also reflects the implementation of the Strategic Partnership Agreement the two governments signed in May 2012, he noted.
Earlier today, Afghan and NATO officials also signed the NATO Status of Forces Agreement, giving forces from Allied and partner countries the legal protections necessary to carry out the NATO Resolute Support mission when ISAF comes to an end later this year.
“These agreements follow an historic Afghan election in which the Afghan people exercised their right to vote and ushered in the first peaceful democratic transfer of power in their nation’s history,” he said.
Hamid Karzai, who stepped down as president yesterday, had refused to sign the BSA, indicating the deteriorating Afghan-US relations after the Taliban was ousted in 2001.
“The BSA reflects our continued commitment to support the new Afghan Unity Government, and we look forward to working with this new government to cement an enduring partnership that strengthens Afghan sovereignty, stability, unity, and prosperity, and that contributes to our shared goal of defeating al-Qaeda and its extremist affiliates,” Obama said.

ISIS recruiting tactics: Apple pie and video gamesISIS recruiting tactics: Apple pie and video games
By Laurie Segall   @LaurieSegallCNN September 30, 2014: 11:34 AM ET
 
ISIS recruiting on teen social networks
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
He says his favorite dessert is hot apple pie with ice cream on top. That he maintains his beard using shampoo, scented oils, and a comb. And that the day he fell in love was the day he embraced Islam.
These personal details are part of a Q&A with an ISIS recruiter on Ask.fm, a popular site where people can ask questions anonymously.
His photo is cut off to conceal his identity, and beside it is the tagline "Im just like you" — common for ISIS recruiters on social networks like Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
He's answered 299 questions from the community on Ask.fm, a lesser-known social network with 180 million users worldwide, many of them teenagers.
Other answers include: marriage status (single), where he's from (the United Kingdom) and more specific questions about fighting for ISIS and how his parents reacted when he converted.
He also encourages questioners to make "hijrah" or migrate to Syria. He fields inquiries from a variety of people -- one who identifies as American, others curious about joining ISIS.
"He's a recruiter who may be putting himself out there to some kid who may be trolling looking to see if he can cash in on this little Jihadi adventure that they all think they're on," said terrorism analyst Mubin Shaikh after looking at the Ask.fm posts.
Shaikh is a former recruiter for the Taliban who defected and now works to identify and expose potential threats.
ISIS is known to use popular social media for its recruiting and Shaikh shared many examples that have been taken down. On Instagram, there was a photo referencing the popular video game, Call of Duty. On Twitter, a tweet telling readers to "put the chicken wings down n come to Jihad bro."
Ask.fm says it's been removing such pages, though the one referenced in this story is available. "Right now, we are focused on being able to understand, spot and catch extremes of behavior, such as specific threats of violence (including terrorist threats) and other illegal activity," a spokesperson from Ask.fm said in a statement to CNNMoney.
A spokesperson from Instagram/Facebook says terrorist groups, like ISIS, are not permitted on the sites. "We do not allow any person or group to promote terrorism or share graphic content for sadistic purposes. This has long been our policy and something that we take very seriously," the spokesperson said.
The recruitment process goes beyond social networks. On Ask.fm, recruiters will sometimes respond to questions by offering their "kik" username so users can get in touch privately. Kik is a smartphone app for messaging.
There are also jihadi web forums where information is exchanged using advanced encryption software, according to Laith Alkhouri, director of Research at Flashpoint Global Partners, which analyzes terrorist communities.
Some use it to allow individuals to communicate directly with recruiting agents for ISIS. Those protected conversations cover everything from how to cross the border, what to bring, and what life as an ISIS member is like, said Alkhouri.
Shaikh says while companies are becoming more vigilant purging terrorist groups from their sites, damage is done.
"The recruitment has been going on for a long time," he says. "It will be on the decline but it might be a little too late because now the individuals are already there, they're part of the group, part of the threat and they're welcome to bring the threat back."

People are now bending iPhones in Apple StoresPeople are now bending iPhones in Apple Stores
By David Goldman   @DavidGoldmanCNN September 30, 2014: 12:25 PM ET
 
Does the iPhone 6 Plus bend? CNN tests.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Curiosity takes people to some weird places sometimes.
To find out whether the iPhone 6 Plus can actually bend, some are testing it out for themselves -- in Apple Stores.
Two British teenagers who call themselves Kylie and Danny filmed themselves bending an iPhone 6 Plus in an Apple ( AAPL , Tech30 ) Store to the point that the screen started to pop out of the case. They posted the video on YouTube but then quickly took it down.
The internets don't forget, though, and the video is still available in several places online. The teens later apologized in a follow-up video .
Related: Is the iPhone 6 Plus bendable?
"I don't even know why we did this," Kylie said in the second video. "I take full responsibility ... We know what we did was wrong."
But he also mentioned the iPhone 6 Plus is "easy to bend -- it really is. It's not like we put hard pressure on the phone."
 
Apple's bad update worse than #BendGate
It's not just teenagers that are using un-purchased phones to test whether BendGate is real.
Business Insider sent a reporter to an Apple Store to try to bend an iPhone 6 Plus. A tech analyst also tweeted that he went into an AT&T store to test it out .
The BendGate controversy started last week, when Internet personality Lewis Hilsenteger posted a video showing him bend the iPhone 6 Plus with his hands. Apple said only a handful of customers have complained about bending iPhones, and Consumer Reports said the iPhone 6 Plus passed its stress test.
Notably, Hilsenteger and Consumer Reports bought the iPhones they bent.
First Published: September 30, 2014: 11:24 AM ET
Most Popular

Non-Subsidised LPG Cylinder Price Cut by Rs 21; Jet Fuel by 3%Manufacturing Growth May Moderate in December Quarter: Industry Body
New Delhi: The price of non-subsidised cooking gas (LPG) was cut by Rs 21 per cylinder on Tuesday while that of aviation turbine fuel (ATF) or jet fuel was reduced by a steep 3 per cent on the back of falling international oil rates.
This is the third straight reduction in rates of non-subsidised LPG since July.
A non-subsidised 14.2-kg cooking gas cylinder will now cost Rs 880 in Delhi - down from Rs 901 earlier, according to Indian Oil Corp (IOC). A subsidised LPG cylinder costs Rs 414 in the state.
Jet fuel price was slashed by Rs 2,077.62 per kilo-litre, or 2.98 per cent, in Delhi to Rs 67,525.63 per kl, India's largest fuel retailer said.
This is the third reduction in jet fuel rates since July. Declining international oil prices have made imports cheaper, resulting in price reduction.
In Mumbai, jet fuel costs Rs 69,610.50 per kl as against Rs 71,829.42 per kl earlier, IOC said. The rates vary because of differences in local sales tax or VAT.
Jet fuel constitutes over 40 per cent of airlines' operating costs and the price cut will ease the financial burden of cash-strapped carriers.
No immediate comment was available from the carriers on the impact of the price cut on passenger fares.
The three fuel retailers - IOC, Hindustan Petroleum Corp and Bharat Petroleum Corp - revise jet fuel and non-subsidised LPG prices on the first of every month, based on the average international prices in the preceding month.
Story first published on: September 30, 2014 20:18 (IST)

Term Repo Auctions under Liquidity Adjustment FacilitySep 30, 2014, 07.30 PM IST  | Source: RBI
Term Repo Auctions under Liquidity Adjustment Facility
Term Repo Auctions under Liquidity Adjustment Facility
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Term Repo Auctions under Liquidity Adjustment Facility
Term Repo Auctions under Liquidity Adjustment Facility
Post your opinion here
 
As announced in the revised Liquidity Management Framework on August 22, 2014 , Reserve Bank will conduct regular 14 day term repos four times during a reporting fortnight. Accordingly, following term repo auctions will be conducted during the reporting fortnight ending on October 17, 2014 (Friday):
Sl.No.

NCP withdrew support in Maharashtra with eye on Union Cabinet: Prithviraj Chavan6
0
Tuljapur: Former Maharashtra Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan on Tuesday charged that NCP had withdrawn support to his government with an eye on Union Cabinet berths and as part of a "game plan" worked out with BJP.
"NCP has given the state (which is under central rule) to BJP by withdrawing support. This was their game plan... they have done this only for political gains. They want a share in the central government. Everyone will know who joins hands with BJP post elections," he said.
He was speaking at the launch of the Congress campaign for the October 15 Assembly polls at a well-attended rally in this pilgrim town in Marathwada's Osmanabad district. The Congress-led Democratic Front government in Maharashtra collapsed last week, paving the way for imposition of President's rule in the state, after the Sharad Pawar-led NCP withdrew support to it.
The Congress-led Democratic Front government in Maharashtra collapsed last week, paving the way for imposition of President's rule in the state, after the Sharad Pawar-led NCP withdrew support to it.
#maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #ncp #congress #prithviraj chavan
Chavan charged that BJP was only interested in inaugurating projects initiated by the previous UPA government and claiming credit for them. "Did BJP announce any scheme for farmers after coming to power (at the Centre)? How many development projects have they undertaken? They are only interested in inaugurating projects that are a result of our (Congress's) hard work," he said.
Seeking a clear mandate for Congress, Chavan said, "Only a government that has a majority can clean the system and ensure development." Appealing to the people for their support, Chavan said Congress would make affordable homes for all a priority if it is elected to power in the state.
"We will ensure that every village gets safe drinking water in the next five years. Affordable homes for all will be our priority. Time has come for people living in rented homes and slums to enhance their standards," said the engineer-turned-politician who was the chief minister for nearly four years.
Also present at the gathering were MPCC President Manikrao Thakre, Campaign Committee chief Narayan Rane, Election Co-ordination Committee chief Ashok Chavan, former Union Home Minister Sushilkumar Shinde, who also heads the party's manifesto panel, and ex-Minister Harshawardhan Patil.
Ashok Chavan, another former chief minister, claimed that BJP leaders were busy fighting amongst themselves for the chief minister's post even before the people have given their verdict.
0

Ahead of Maharashtra polls  HC orders drive to remove illegal hoardingsSep 30, 2014 at 07:41pm IST
Ahead of Maharashtra polls, HC orders drive to remove illegal hoardings
6
0
Mumbai: Ahead of the Maharashtra assembly elections of October 15, the Bombay High Court on Tuesday asked all the municipal corporations and councils to conduct a special drive to remove illegal hoardings and banners.
The division bench headed by Justice Abhay Oka said the drive should start immediately and continue ten days after October 19 when the election process would come to an end.
Illegal hoardings and banners deface public and private places and there was an urgent need to curb their mushrooming, the judges said. Meanwhile, MNS on Tuesday filed an affidavit assuring that it would instruct its party workers to seek permission before putting up hoardings during the polls and even thereafter.
Illegal hoardings and banners deface public and private places and there was an urgent need to curb their mushrooming, the judges said.
#maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #bombay high court #hoardings #mns
BJP, NCP, RPI-A and Congress have already filed affidavits with similar assurances. The court's directive came with a bunch of public interest litigations, including the one filed by Su-Swaraj Foundation through its lawyer advocate Uday Warunjikar.
The HC had earlier asked the Municipal Corporation of Greater Mumbai to appoint senior inspectors of licence department) as nodal officers to check illegal hoardings. In other cities, ward officers would be the nodal officers. But apparently not satisfied with the action taken so far, the bench on Tuesday asked the secretary of the urban development department to appoint a nodal officer not below the rank of deputy secretary to check illegal hoardings.
The nodal officer should file a compliance report within two weeks, it said, adding that all the complaints pertaining to illegal hoardings should be lodged with the chief nodal officer.
The court also directed that all the municipal bodies should maintain a register to record anonymous complaints against illegal hoardings received through SMSes or toll- free numbers.
1

Goa CM Parikkar asked to fast-track resumption of iron ore mining16
0
Panaji: People dependent on mining industry have asked the Goa government to fast-track resumption of iron ore mining in the state post Supreme Court lifting the ban.
The development comes exactly a day before the Goa state cabinet's scheduled meeting on Wednesday, which is likely to unveil its mining policy, paving the way for resumption of mining activities in the state.
In a letter addressed to Goa Chief Minister Manohar Parikkar, Mormugao Stevedores' Association president Vinod Parkkot said stevedores handling cargo vessels at Mormugao and Panjim ports have asked for an immediate resumption of mining since the ban has led to unemployment, which is now taking its toll on families, especially in the Vasco region.
The development comes exactly a day before the Goa state cabinet's scheduled meeting on Wednesday, which is likely to unveil its mining policy, paving the way for resumption of mining activities in the state.
#goa #goa government #iron ore mining #manohar parikkar
The letter said that since handling of export-oriented iron ore had stopped, people associated with facilitating export of iron ore have lost their means of livelihood. Mormugao Ships Agents' Association (MSAA) has also written to Goa Chief Minister that the mining ban has impacted overall business in the shipping industry, due to which there have been major job cuts.
Ship repairing company Sangvhi Shipwrights Managing Director Rashesh Sanghvi also requested the Goa Chief Minister to take special interest in granting mining leases and environmental clearances in close co-ordination with Centre.
Sanghvi brought it to the Goa CM's notice that around 2,800 employees who used to benefit indirectly due to mining are suffering. The ship repair industry is labour-intensive and skilled workers are facing severe hardship due to the ban, Shanghvi said.
3

US nod to build LNG plant that will ship fuel to IndiaSep 30, 2014 at 07:50pm IST
US nod to build LNG plant that will ship fuel to India
9
0
Washington: Ahead of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's meeting with President Barack Obama, the US has approved construction of a liquefied natural gas project that will ship the fuel to India.
US regulators gave the final approval yesterday for Dominion Resources to build the east coast's first natural gas liquefaction plant at its Cove Point site on the Chesapeake Bay.
State-owned gas utility GAIL India Ltd has taken 40 per cent of the project's capacity to liquefy 5.75 million tons a year of natural gas for export in ships. The $3.8 billion project is likely to be completed in June 2017.
The US Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) issued the permit for the Cove Point terminal in Maryland, Dominion Resources said in a statement.
#india #narendra modi #us #lng lng plant
The US Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) issued the permit for the Cove Point terminal in Maryland, Dominion Resources said in a statement. "We are pleased to receive this final approval that allows us to start constructing this important project that offers significant economic, environmental and geopolitical benefits," said Diane Leopold, president of Dominion Energy.
Modi on the last leg of five-day US visit will meet Obama here to reinvigorate an economic relationship between the two nations. The US Energy Department has approved Cove Point's exports to both free-trade and non-free trade agreement countries, according to FERC's statement.
India does not have a free-trade deal with the US. LNG exports from US is allowed only to countries with which Washington has a free-trade agreement. Some terminals like Cove Point have however been exempted from this condition.      GAIL in April last year signed an agreement with Dominion for booking 2.3 million tons per annum liquefaction capacity in the Cove Point LNG liquefaction terminal project located at Lusby in the state of Maryland.
Cove Point would be the nearest export terminal to the Marcellus Shale, the most productive US natural gas deposit. Under the agreement with Dominion, GAIL will procure its own natural gas and deliver it to the Cove Point pipeline for liquefaction at the terminal and loading into ships brought to the facility on the Chesapeake Bay.
GAIL already holds a 20 per cent stake in Carrizo's Eagle Ford Shale acreage. It also has a deal with Cheniere Energy Partners to buy 3.5 million tonnes per annum of LNG from Sabine Pass Liquefaction, a subsidiary of Cheniere, from 2017-18.
Dominion's waterfront site, about 96-km, southeast of Washington, has already imported liquefied natural gas and requires minimal construction for beginning exports, Dominion said in the statement.
0

How Your Family May Inherit Your Debt When You DieAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Banks raise red flag over AIs failure to mobilise fundsBanks raise red flag over AI’s failure to mobilise funds
Tushar Srivastava , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 29, 2014
First Published: 00:31 IST(29/9/2014) | Last Updated: 00:33 IST(29/9/2014)
Comments
In what could spell fresh trouble for Air India (AI), banks have expressed concern to the aviation ministry and the airline management on AI’s failure to raise money through sale of properties worth Rs. 500 crore per year since 2011-12.
The matter was raised by State Bank of India at a meeting of the oversight committee that is monitoring the implementation of the airline’s turnaround plan. The meeting was attended by senior aviation and finance ministry officials besides AI’s top brass.
According to the turnaround plan, the carrier has to raise Rs. 5,000 crore in 10 years by selling properties.
“Banks are extremely concerned that the monetisation target (raising money through sale of properties) of Rs. 500 crore per year could not be met by the company since 2011-12 and to that extent long-term loans have not been repaid,” SBI officials said during the meeting.
“As RBI auditors are very strict on restructuring, this could be taken as an event of default for AI for forcing banks to charge penal interest rate. The monetisation programme needs to be, therefore, speeded up to fall in line with these requirements,” they added.
AI did not respond to a mail and text message from HT seeking comments for the story.
According to minutes of the meeting, AI chairman and managing director Rohit Nandan briefed the committee that despite the best efforts made by the airline to regularise the property deeds, the company could not proceed as there were title issues in many properties.
“Sale or commercial redevelopment of prime properties owned by AI is stuck as either the lease agreement is not available or memorandum of agreement with the concerned authorities needs to be reworked. We are hopeful that these problems would be sorted out soon. We won’t go for a distress sale,” a senior AI official said on the condition of anonymity.

Indians warming up to the dark side of chocolateIndians warming up to the dark side of chocolate
M Rajendran , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 29, 2014
First Published: 00:40 IST(29/9/2014) | Last Updated: 02:03 IST(29/9/2014)
Comments
Bought a bar of dark chocolate? You just contributed to one of the fastest growing segments in India as chocolate-makers turn to darker shades of brown.
It is not just about a new product: dark chocolate, which contains flavanol, has anti-oxidant properties, and as Indians turn more health conscious and their tastes mature, the demand for dark chocolate, which has just a 9% market-share currently, is growing by leaps and bounds, according to analysts.
“The Indian consumers’ tastes (for chocolates) are constantly evolving… dark chocolate category in India is expected to grow positively,” said Puneet Kumar, chairman (north) of the All-India Food Processing Industry.
Market leaders such as Mondelez (earlier Cadbury) have started increasing the proportion of cocoa in their chocolate to 50% — standard milk chocolate in India usually have a maximum of 40% cocoa, and makes up about 75% of the demand.
Said Tejaswee Shrestha, a senior research analyst at ValueNotes: “Increase in purchasing power and exposure to global brands will drive the premium chocolate market.”
The perceived health benefit is also one factor for the switch to dark chocolate. “Dark chocolate increases blood flow to the brain as well as to the heart, so it can help improve cognitive function... reduce your risk of stroke,” said Meghna Mevawala, nutritionist and dietician at Delhi-based Crest Diabetologist Centre.
Mondelez and Nestle India had nearly 92% of the Indian market in 2013-14. Mars International and Ferrero India are building up demand, according to ValueNotes.
India’s chocolate industry is valued at Rs. 5,800 crore in 2013-14. It is expected to grow at a compounded annual growth rate of 16% to touch Rs. 12,200 crore by 2019.

BlackBerry gets its Passport to redemption; launches in India at Rs 49 990Print
The BlackBerry Passport is meant for high-end power users
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | New Delhi | Posted: September 29, 2014 12:56 pm | Updated: September 30, 2014 7:18 pm
If this phone had come from an unknown start-up and sold only on one e-tailer, the world would have queued up to get hold of one from the limited stocks. They would have written reviews calling it the most innovative phone in recent times. But the Passport is not from a start-up. It is from BlackBerry, the Canadian smartphone maker we all love to discard from any forward looking conversations these days.
The BlackBerry Passport, which has been launched in India just days after it was revealed for the world, is the most unique phone we have seen in recent times. Priced at Rs. 49,990, it has a large, square touchscreen, as a well as a full QWERTY very BlackBerry-like keypad. However, the innovation is not in the shape or form factor, but in making the keypad more functional that in any other device. While you can type like in any BlackBerry phone, the keypad here is also touch sensitive and can be used to move the cursor around or flick suggested words like with all-touch BB 10 smartphones. The keypad is so good you will not need to touch the extra large 4.5-inch square touch display.
With stainless steel edges and a very strong built, the phone feels premium and robust. It also houses a battery that can last almost two days. The 1:1 ratio of the screen means you never have to change the orientation of the device to view something better, In fact, this phone offers the best views in town and can let you scan spreadsheets and docs without resorting to pinch or zoom.
Sunil Lalvani, Managing Director of BlackBerry India, told IndianExpress.com that the design element is meant for power professionals. “The phone is built on feedback from users and giving them better battery life and a wider view. The display is ideal for those who have to see a lot of Excel sheets or read documents,” he added.
Sunil Lalvani says there is no longer an issue with lack of apps (Source: Nandagopal Rajan)
Lalvani said you cannot expect a sub-Rs 5,000 device from BlackBerry as a manufacturing costs are very different and material used is premium. “The traditional consumers want apps on a cheap device. The perception was that BlackBerry does not offer the apps they want. We have fixed that by pre-burning the Amazon App Store in the new OS and giving them access to 2,00,000 top Android apps,” added Lalvani. In fact, all Android apps are scanned by BlackBerry Guardian before installation. “This is an interesting first step in our new roadmap for the future. This indicates that our device portfolio continues.”
Passport will be powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 801 with 2.2GHz Quad-Core CPUs (MSM8974-AA) processor with 3GB RAM. It will have 32 GB flash memory, expandable up to 128 GB. The USB ports allows charging and data synchronisation. The phone has a 3450mAH integrated non-removable battery. The 13 megapixel auto-focus camera comes with Optical image stabilisation LED flash and 5x digital zoom. The front camera is 2MP.
The phone will initially be available only on Amazon.in and BlackBerry stores. Those buying the phone on Amazon before October 10 will get gift vouchers worth Rs 5,000 and Jet Mileage for the same amount. Pre-booking has started.
Stay tuned for a full review in the coming days.

Sensex falls 29pts ahead of RBI policy; IT shares up on weak ReSensex falls 29pts ahead of RBI policy; IT shares up on weak Re
PTI  Mumbai, September 29, 2014
First Published: 09:58 IST(29/9/2014) | Last Updated: 18:37 IST(29/9/2014)
Comments
The benchmark Sensex on Monday fell about 29 points to end at 26,597.11 on weakness in interest rate sensitive banking and auto shares ahead of RBI's monetary policy review.
The BSE 30-share index on Monday resumed better and gyrated in and out of positive terrain in a range of 26,715.77 and 26,518.01, before concluding at 26.597.11 -- a minor fall of 29.21 points or 0.11%. Last Friday, it had risen by 157.96 points or 0.60% helped by S&P's rating upgrade.
The 50-issue CNX Nifty of the NSE also eased by 9.95 points, or 0.12%, to 7,958.90.
"Buying was seen prominently in IT and Pharma stocks. On the other hand, selling in sectors such as Metal and FMCG limited the upside. Positive GDP data from US boosted market sentiment, while indecision was seen ahead of RBI monetary policy scheduled tomorrow," said Nidhi Saraswat, Senior Research Analyst, Bonanza Portfolio.
Shares of IT majors TCS, Infosys and Wipro notched up 1-3% gains tracking weakness in rupee against US dollar and strong US economic data that boosts prospects of their biggest market.
Fall in the ITC, ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank, HDFC, ONGC, Sesa Sterlite, Tata Steel, Bajaj Auto, Hero MotoCorp and Coal India mainly weighed on the market sentiment.
According to market participants, a near term major event is a monetary policy to be announced by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) and Prime Minister Narendra Modi's meeting with US President Barack Obama.

Rupee plummets to 7 month low  down 38 paiseRupee plummets to 7 month low, down 38 paise
PTI   September 29, 2014
Comments
The Indian rupee on Monday tanked 38 paise to log nearly 7-month closing low of 61.53 against the Greenback following dollar demand from importers and some weakness in stocks ahead of the RBI policy review.
Sustained capital outflows also kept the rupee under pressure while some weakness in dollar overseas, which was trading down by 0.14% against its major global rivals, was not able to stem the rupee fall, a forex dealer said.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the domestic unit commenced lower at 61.35 a dollar from previous close of 61.15. It immediately touched a high of 61.31 on initial firmness in local equities.
Later, it fell back sharply to a low of 61.59 before concluding at 61.53, showing a fall of 38 paise or 0.62%. This is its weakest level since March 5, 2014 when it closed at 61.75.
Last Friday, the rupee rose by 19 paise or 0.31%.
In other Asian currencies, the dollar appreciated as well. The Japanese yen headed towards the 110 mark after US data showed the economy expanded at its fastest pace since 2011 during the April-June quarter.
The Indian equity benchmark Sensex today eased by 29.21 points, or 0.11%. FIIs had pulled out USD 39.95 million last Friday as per Sebi data.
Pramit Brahmbhatt, CEO, Veracity Group said: "To start the week, rupee depreciated over half a per cent during the day. It tok cues from dollar which is trading strong. Also, the increased month-end dollar demand from oil importers forced rupee to trade low.
"Now all eyes are on the RBI policy review on Tuesday which will show the road ahead for the USD/INR pair. The trading range for the spot rupee is expected to be within 61.00 to 62.00."
On likely RBI policy outcome, Rakesh Goyal, Senior Vice-President, Bonanza Portfolio said: "We expect RBI will enhance system liquidity by further reducing SLR by another 25 bps to 21.75% and also, further reduction in HTM ceiling to 23.5% of NDTL. We also anticipate that RBI might ease daily CRR limit for banks 85-90%."
In forward market, premium remained weak on sustained receipts by exporters.
The benchmark six-month premium payable in February fell to 203-205 paise from 208-210 paise last Friday.
Far-forward contracts maturing in August, 2015 also dropped to 454-456 paise from 463-465 paise.
The Reserve Bank of India fixed the reference rate for dollar at 61.4273 and for the euro at 77.9328.
The rupee fell back against the pound to 99.94 from 99.69 previously and also moved down further to 56.28 per 100 Japanese yen from 56.04.
It, however, turned negative to settle at 78.16 per euro from 77.85.

Jayalalithaa s bail plea adjourned to Oct 6Jayalalithaa's bail plea in graft case adjourned to Oct 6
PTI     Bangalore   Last Updated: September 30, 2014  | 14:36 IST
AIADMK chief J Jayalalithaa (Photo: AP)
AIADMK supremo J Jayalalithaa will have to remain in jail till October 6 with the Karnataka High Court adjourning her bail plea, which also seeks to challenge the former Tamil Nadu chief minister's conviction in the disproportionate assets case .
As the matter came up, G Bhavani Singh, who was the Special Public Prosecutor in the Special Court on the disproportionate assets case, told the judge that he had not yet received any official notification appointing him as the SPP for the criminal appeal filed in the High Court.
Singh sought more time, at which point vacation bench judge Justice Rathnakala posted the matter for hearing on October 6.
In her petitions seeking immediate bail and challenging her sentence, Jayalalithaa has maintained that the charges of amassing wealth against her were false and that she had acquired property through legal means.
The former TN CM has also contended that the trial court has overlooked several judgements and has not considered the binding nature of various income tax orders and decisions of the Income Tax Appellate Tribunal, which had accepted the income and the level of expenditure pleaded by her.
The AIADMK supremo 's aide Sasikala, her relatives VN Sudhakaran, disowned son of the former Chief Minister, and Ilavarasi have also moved the High Court seeking bail and challenging their conviction.
In the verdict that cost Jayalalithaa the Chief Minister's job and disqualified her from being an MLA, the judge had also slapped a staggering fine of Rs 100 crore on her and Rs 10 crore each on the three other accused persons.
In her appeal, Jayalalithaa pleaded for suspension of the conviction and the sentence and also refused to pay the Rs 100 crore fine imposed on her.
The hearing came up before the vacation bench as the High Court is on Dussehra holidays from September 29 to October 6.

SpiceJet starts Early New Year Sale at Rs 699SpiceJet starts Early New Year Sale at Rs 699
BT Online Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 30, 2014  | 15:51 IST
Low-cost carrier SpiceJet has anounced special fares at Rs 699. The booking for SpiceJet Early New Year Sale is open till 23:59 hours, October 1 2014 for travel between 16 January and 24 October 2014.
The sale is valid for bookings made on direct, via and onward flights on SpiceJet's domestic network. The sale is not valid on SpiceJet's international network
Limited inventory is available on a first-come-first-served basis, says the website of the airline.

Modi-baiter IAS officer Pradeep Sharma arrested in graft caseSnoopgate fame IAS officer arrested over corruption
Mahesh Langa , Hindustan Times  Ahmedabad, September 30, 2014
First Published: 13:54 IST(30/9/2014) | Last Updated: 02:02 IST(1/10/2014)
Gujarat police arrested suspended bureaucrat Pradeep Sharma – who accused the erstwhile state government with Narendra Modi as the chief minister of snooping on a female architect –over corruption charges on Tuesday.
Suspended IAS officer Pradeep Sharma has been arrested by Gujarat police in a graft case. (AFP Photo)
Sharma’s arrest came a day after the Enforcement Directorate (ED) attached his properties in Gandhinagar.
The suspended IAS officer’s name also figured in the so-called snoopgate tapes released in the run-up to the Lok Sabha polls by two private portals, which had conversations between Amit Shah, the state home minister at the time, and IPS officer GL Singhal regarding surveillance on a woman in Ahmedabad.
The portals said Shah was heard asking Singhal to track movements of the architect, her family members and also Pradeep Sharma, who was the municipal commissioner of Bhavnagar.
Sharma even, unsuccessfully, appealed to the Supreme Court to order that an FIR be registered against Narendra Modi, who was the Gujarat chief minister at the time, and Amit Shah, in connection with the case.
Sharma is accused of causing a loss of Rs. 1.2 crore to the state exchequer by allotting government land to a Kutch-based industrial unit, Welspun, at throwaway prices during his tenure as the area collector in 2003-04.
The ED seized a piece of land in Dehgam village near Gandhinagar and a portion of Sharma’s bungalow in the state capital under prevention of money laundering act. The agency is now probing whether Sharma’s US-based wife received any undue favours from Welspun as quid pro quo.
Sharma, 59, was suspended by the government in 2010 after he was arrested on corruption charges, but was later granted bail. Last month, the Supreme Court rejected his plea seeking a CBI probe in five cases filed against him by the Gujarat government.

Tarun Gogoi regrets PM didn t visit flood-hit AssamPress Trust of India | Guwahati | Posted: September 30, 2014 6:44 pm
Assam Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi on Tuesday regretted that Prime Minister Narendra Modi did not visit the state during the flood devastations.
“The Prime Minister not only visited Jammu and Kashmir but announced a special package for that flood-hit state immediately. In the case of Goalpara in Assam which faced unprecedented catastrophe like that of J-K, the PM did not find time to visit nor did he announce any special package,” Gogoi said.
“Much before the latest deluge, the state had experienced two waves of floods resulting in huge losses of lives and property. Why is this discrimination being meted out to the people of Assam?” Gogoi questioned.
“During the election campaigns in Assam, the Prime Minister had made promises after promises,” he said.
The chief minister said the Prime Minister did not mention about saving river Brahmaputra during his public address at the Madison Square Garden in New York, while he repeatedly talked about Ganga.
“The Prime Minister not only ignored the Brahmaputra in his address at Madison Square Garden, he also did not take up the issue of construction of dams on the Brahmaputra by China during his talks with the Chinese President despite the serious concerns expressed by the people of Assam.” Gogoi asserted.
The chief minister also came down heavily on Union Minister of State (Independent) Sarbananda Sonowal and State BJP spokesman Bijon Mahajan for allegedly “misleading the people regarding non-utilisation of Central fund for disaster relief under SDRF (State Disaster Response Fund)”.

Hong Kong protesters ignore call to end standoffprint
Riot police fire tear gas on student protesters occupying streets surrounding the government headquarters in Hong Kong. (AP Photo)
Beijing on Tuesday continued to call “umbrella revolution” in Hong Kong as illegal and covered reports on the mass agitation in the country’s financial hub in a web of censorship.
State media carried few reports on protests or the scale of the agitation; English newspapers carried opinion pieces criticising the events that have erupted in the financial hub, designated as a “special administrative zone” (SAR) by Beijing.
Visuals from Hong Kong telecast live on CNN and BBC were repeatedly blocked on Tuesday morning. The news bulletins resumed soon after these two channels would begin reporting other news.
Words related to the protests were blacked out from the Internet on the Mainland; some reports and users said the popular photo loading application Instagram had also being blocked.
But according to a Reuters report, the censors had not blocked the phrase “umbrella revolution” till Tuesday.
“Chinese Internet users were still able to post under the hashtag "Umbrella Revolution" in Chinese and English on Sina Weibo, China's popular Twitter-like microblogging service, on Monday and Tuesday,” the report said.
Umbrellas, a rather modest household item, have become the symbol of the agitation after protesters used them as shield against tear gas shells and pepper spray lobbed and fired at them by the riot police on Sunday.
Foreign ministry spokesperson, Hua Chunying, said Tuesday Beijing was in full support of the HK government and was confident issue of the “illegal” protests and activities could be resolved.
She warned foreign government from interfering in China’s internal affairs and influencing events in Hong Kong.
Rights groups, meanwhile, said that Beijing had the opportunity to usher in true stability in Hong Kong.
“They (the people of Hong Kong) are rejecting the August 31, 2014 decision of the National People’s Congress Standing Committee on the “selection” of the Chief Executive, which requires candidates to be endorsed by a majority of a Beijing-controlled nominating committee,” the Hong Kong-based Human Rights in China said in a statement.
The statement added: “Leaders in Beijing now face a historic test and a historic opportunity to advance genuine social stability and democracy in Hong Kong. Will they make the same tragic mistake again or demonstrate true leadership by listening to the voices of the people?”

Modi  Obama raise the bar for bilateral ties in joint opedModi, Obama raise the bar for bilateral ties in joint oped
Yashwant Raj , Hindustan Times  Washington, September 30, 2014
First Published: 18:21 IST(30/9/2014) | Last Updated: 21:15 IST(21/11/2014)
Comments
India and the US will broaden and deepen their ties by going beyond “modest and conventional goals”, said Prime Minister Narendra Modi and President Barack Obama in a joint oped.
US President Barack Obama welcomes Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the dinner hosted in his honour at the White House in Washington. (PTI Photo)
The article appeared online first Tuesday morning, at http://www.washingtonpost.com , in line perhaps with the two leaders’ love of the new medium, just hours before formal talks.
Work on the oped began days ago, but it was finalised shortly before the two leaders met for the first time over dinner Monday night, joined on both sides by select senior officials.
Ahead of the dinner, the two countries released a vision statement called, “Chalein saath, saath: Forward Together We Go”, to fashion a model relationship for the rest of the world.
The vision document created a buzz among India watchers in Washington DC immediately. Some congressional staff members tweeted, “Wow”, “bold move”.
Read: Ahead of talks Modi, Obama say 'Chalein saath saath'
 
Picking up from the vision statement, the joint oped, a first in the history of India-US relations, said, “It is time to set a new agenda, one that realises concrete benefits for our citizens.”
“This will be an agenda that enables us to find mutually rewarding ways to expand our collaboration in trade, investment and technology that harmonize with India’s ambitious development agenda, while sustaining the United States as the global engine of growth.”
The oped sets the scene for the talks as much as it gives a glimpse into the thinking of the two leaders, who, clearly want to take the relationship to a new level.
A new government in Delhi is an opportunity. “The advent of a new government in India is a natural opportunity to broaden and deepen our relationship,” the leaders said.
Among the areas of focus, the oped indicated, would be the prime minister’s “Clean India” drive, leveraging “private and civil society innovation, expertise and technology”.
But the two countries are looking beyond their own interest. The region and the world will “benefit from the greater stability and security that our friendship creates”.
“We remain committed to the larger effort to integrate South Asia and connect it with markets and people in Central and Southeast Asia, the leaders wrote.
“The promise of a better tomorrow is not solely for Indians and Americans: It also beckons us to move forward together for a better world. This is the central premise of our defining partnership for the 21st century. Forward together we go — ‘chalein saath saath’”.

Petrol price cut by 65p  diesel rate reduction on hold till Narendra Modi s return from USE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Border row: Ladakh standoff ends with withdrawal of Chinese  Indian troopsPrint
Press Trust of India | Beijing | Posted: September 30, 2014 8:30 pm | Updated: September 30, 2014 8:45 pm
China on Tuesday said the standoff with India at the Ladakh region has been resolved as both sides completed simultaneous withdrawal of troops, and underlined that the two nations have the “determination and capability” to maintain peace and stability at the border areas.
“On September 30, the frontier defence troops of the two countries completed simultaneous withdrawal according to the steps formulated by the two sides and restored peace and tranquillity in the area,” the Chinese Foreign Ministry said in a press release.
“The two sides reached a consensus on properly resolving the recent standoff between the frontier defence troops at the border between the two countries,” state-run Xinhua news agency quoted the press statement as saying.
The Foreign Ministry said the two sides will continue to communicate on issues relating to maintaining peace and tranquillity at the border areas through the China-India border consultation and coordination mechanism, a body established by both sides to resolve such issues.
“Both sides understand that friendly cooperation conform with their common interests and peaceful and tranquil borders are important for the growth of bilateral relations,” it said.
The Foreign Ministry said the “two sides have the determination, wisdom and capability to jointly maintain peace and stability at the border areas to create a sound environment for the expansion of bilateral relations.”
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj and Chinese Foreign Affairs Minister Wang Yi had met on September 25 at the United Nations and discussed the border stand-off issue.
The two armies were engaged in a stand-off at Chumar region in Ladakh, coinciding with the first visit of the Chinese President Xi Jinping to India.
Tension in the area erupted on September 21 when some Chinese workers, who were constructing a road on their side, crossed into the Indian side and also claimed that they had orders to build a road up to Tible, 5-km deep inside Indian territory.
As the two sides grappled to resolve the incident, Chinese foreign and defence ministries had played it down saying that it was not a significant issue in the overall contest of Sino-India relations.
Chinese Defence Ministry spokesman, Col Geng Yansheng had said on September 25 that “I would like to emphasis again that
because the China-India border is not demarcated, it is sometimes inevitable that incidents happen.”
“What is important is for both sides to implement agreements signed by both sides to boost mutual understanding and mutual trust and make joint efforts to maintain peace and stability in the India-China border region,” he had said.
He had skipped questions on why the incursion took place coinciding with the visit of top Chinese leaders to India.
While Chinese troops entered the Depsang Valley in Ladakh region last year during Premier Li Keqiang’s visit, the two armies were engaged in a stand-off at Chumar region in Ladakh coinciding with the visit of President Xi, creating speculation whether they were the pressure tactics by the Chinese military to press for an early settlement of the boundary issue.
Also Xi’s call to the top military after his return from India that his instructions should continued…

Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella addresses staff at Hyderabad centreComments
Microsoft chief executive officer (CEO) Satya Nadella today addressed the employees at the company's India Development Centre (IDC) in Hyderabad.
Nadella shared his vision during the address at IDC, the biggest campus of the software giant outside its headquarters at Redmond in the US.
A company official told IANS that the CEO visited the IDC campus located at Gachibowli in the morning.
Nadella later held a closed-door meeting with the top officials of the company at IDC, set up here in 1998.
Nadella is visiting India for the first time after assuming the top position in February.
The visit is kept highly secretive by the Microsoft authorities and the state government officials. Nadella, it is learnt, has met the Telangana chief minister K C Rao briefly on Sunday.
There was no official word about Nadella's other engagements in the city. He is likely to leave for New Delhi later in the day and attend a few programmes in the national capital Tuesday before returning to the US.
He also spoke to Andhra Pradesh CM Nara Chandrababu Naidu over phone and is expected to meet him. Naidu is trying hard to rope in Nadella, who hails from Anantapur in AP, to invest in Vizag which the state wants to make the IT hub.
Naidu was away in Visakhapatnam today to inaugurate an IT and start-up incubation centre in the port city to give a push to IT in Andhra Pradesh post formation of separate Telangana.
Both Andhra Pradesh and Telangana governments are said to be keen on taking the help of Nadella for promotion of IT.
Nadella, son of retired IAS officer B N Yungandhar, is an alumnus of Hyderabad Public School.
The microsoft CEO is scheduled to participate in a Nasscom event this week in Delhi.
However, there was no immediate response to an email sent to a spokesperson of Microsoft for details of Nadella's visit to MSIDC.
 

Hines to invest $250 million in IndiaNEW DELHI, September 29, 2014
Updated: September 29, 2014 22:43 IST
Hines to invest $250 million in India
Staff Reporter
company information
The joint venture would invest in the form of equity in the housing projects in Delhi-NCR, Mumbai, Bangalore and Pune.
U.S.-based real estate firm Hines, on Monday, launched ‘Hines India Residential’ to invest in residential developments in key urban centres of India. The firm, which had entered the Indian real estate market in 2006, has tied up with a global fund to invest $250 million (over Rs.1,500 crore) in various housing projects.
Hines Country Head & Senior Managing Director Yash Gupta said, “We have formed a joint venture with an international finance company to invest in residential development in India with an initial capitalisation of $250 million.” He declined to name the global fund. The joint venture would invest in the form of equity in the housing projects in Delhi-NCR, Mumbai, Bangalore and Pune. “We will partner local developers and we are in discussion with major builders. We are looking at doing 3-5 projects over the next 2-3 years. We are targeting mid-income housing projects where there is maximum demand,” he said. The first housing project was likely to be announced in the January-March quarter and investment in a single project could be in a range of Rs.300-500 crore, Mr. Gupta said. Hines is a privately owned real estate firm involved in real estate investment, development and property management worldwide. At present, Hines manages 391 properties totalling 161 million sq. ft., including 89.1 million sq. ft. for third parties. It has offices in 115 cities in 18 countries, and controlled assets valued at about $28.2 billion.

Diesel price likely to be slashed by Re 1 per litreDiesel rate likely to be slashed by Re 1 per litre, petrol by Rs 1.751
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 30, 2014  | 15:17 IST
Photo for representation purposes only. (Source: Reuters)
Diesel price is likely to be cut by about Re 1 per litre, the first reduction in rates in over five years, while petrol price may be slashed by Rs 1.75.
State-run oil firms are likely to announce reduction in rates, made possible because of softening in international oil rates , this evening, government and industry sources said.
Under-recovery or the difference between retail price and its imported cost was wiped out and there was an over-recovery of 35 paise a litre from September 16. This over-recovery is now about Re 1 a litre.
While the government had resisted the temptation to cut rates then, prices are likely to be reduced at the fortnightly review due on Tuesday.
Sources said oil ministry was of the view that while the Cabinet Committee on Political Affairs (CCPA) had on January 17, 2013 allowed a monthly increase in diesel price of 40-50 paise per month to wipe out the under-recovery, it wasn't envisaged that there would be over-recovery.
The oil ministry wants to reduce diesel price to protect state-owned oil companies' market share, which may be lost to private retailers who would be selling diesel in line with international prices.
Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan is believed to have already written to Prime Minister Narendra Modi on the emerging scenario. The ministry has also written to the Election Commission seeking their concurrence for the price decrease in view of state assembly elections in Maharashtra and Haryana.
This would be the first reduction in diesel rates in over five years. Diesel rates were last cut on January 29, 2009 when they were reduced by Rs 2 a litre to Rs 30.86.
Since then rates have only increased as international oil prices climbed. Since January 2013, diesel prices have been raised by up to 50 paise a litre every month to eliminate under-recoveries.
Like diesel, public sector oil companies had also not changed petrol rates on September 16 though it warranted a 54 paise increase as its benchmark gasoline rates had firmed up in international market.
This is perhaps the first time that retail prices in the country are higher than global rates.
Oil companies calculate the desired retail selling price of petrol and diesel on 1st and 16th of every month based on average international benchmark price and rupee-dollar exchange rate.
The next revision in diesel and petrol prices is due on Tuesday.
Originally, petrol and diesel prices were deregulated in April 2002 when the NDA government was in power. Administered pricing regime, however, made a back-door entry towards the end of the NDA regime in the first quarter of 2004 when crude prices started inching up.
Congress-led UPA controlled rates as international oil prices went through the roof. In June 2010, however, it freed petrol price from its control and rates have since then moved more or less in line with cost.
In January 2013, the UPA decided to deregulate diesel prices in stages through monthly increases of 50 paise a litre.
Rates were last raised on August 31 after which losses have been wiped out.
Rates have cumulatively risen by Rs 11.81 per litre in 19 instalments since January 2013.

Lenovo launches Vibe Z2 Pro smartphone at Rs 32 999The VIBE Z2 Pro sports a 6-inch screen and runs on a Qualcomm Snapdragon quad-core processor with 3 GB RAM.
Tech Desk | New Delhi | Posted: September 30, 2014 8:47 pm | Updated: October 1, 2014 6:39 am
Lenovo has introduced its VIBE Z2 Pro smartphone in India at a price of Rs. 32,999. The VIBE Z2 Pro sports a 6-inch screen offering quad-HD display at 2560 x 1440 pixels, 490 ppi screen density and a 16 MP rear camera with optical image stabilization that can shoot 4K videos. The Lenovo VIBE Z2 Pro will be available exclusively on Flipkart from October 6 onwards.
Running on a Qualcomm Snapdragon 801 MSM8974AC 2.5 GHz quad-core processor with Adreno 330 GPU and 3 GB RAM, the device runs on Android 4.4 KitKat OS and offers 32 GB of internal storage.
The 16MP rear camera uses a 16:9 BSI sensor supports video recording at 4K resolution at 120 fps and also mounts a 5 MP fixed focus front camera. The dual microSIM device is powered by a 4000 mAh battery.
Specs:

Learn as if you were going to live foreverHuman Resources Development Minister
(Satya Nadella along with…)
NEW DELHI: Live as if it's your last day, but learn as if you have to live forever, said Satya Nadella , the India-born Chief Executive of global software giant Microsoft while interacting with students here today.
At an interactive event with students, Nadella, who is on his maiden visit to India after taking over as the CEO of the US-headquartered firm, said one should be passionate about what he or she does and should never stop learning irrespective of the heights they scale.
He, along with Human Resources Development Minister Smriti Irani , was addressing students at an event, which was streamed live across 20 states, 300 cities and 750 locations.
Nadella advised the youth that they should "fall in love with what you do. Then it doesn't feel like work!"
Talking about the opportunities in India, he said the energy and optimism in the country is palpable.
"As you prepare to change the world, the opportunity before you is unparallelled. All of you represent a multi-disciplinary approach to innovation -- and that will change the future. The mobile first, cloud first is a very rich canvas for innovation -- it is not the device that is mobile, it is the person that is mobile."
He added that "in the long run, EQ (emotional quotient) trumps IQ 9 (intelligence quotient). Without being a source of energy for others very little can be accomplished."
Reminiscing his journey, Nadella said when he was growing up, he had not anticipated that he would "go west of Mumbai".
"...and then I land up in Wisconsin. Believe me, my journey has not been a simple journey of progress. There have been many ups and downs and it is the choices that I made at each of those times that have helped shape what I have achieved," he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Maruti recalls 69 555 units of old Dzire  Sw...Maruti Suzuki recalls 69,555 units of old Dzire and Swift, Ritz
By ECONOMICTIMES.COM | 30 Sep, 2014, 05.34PM IST
The recall is meant to inspect and repair the wiring harness fitment of 55,938 units of Old Dzire, 12,486 units of Old Swift and 1,131 units of Ritz.
()
Prices | Financials | Company Info | Reports
NEW DELHI: Maruti Suzuki India, the country's largest car maker, on Tuesday announced the recall of 69,555 diesel vehicles, including the old Dzire , Old Swift and Ritz models.
The recall is meant to inspect and repair the wiring harness fitment of 55,938 units of Old Dzire, 12,486 units of Old Swift and 1,131 units of Ritz, manufactured between 8th March 2010 and 11th August 2013.
This exercise is limited to vehicles within the above specified range and does not pertain to any other vehicle of the company or its exports, Maruti said in a release.
"Maruti Suzuki dealers will contact owners of all the affected vehicles. The dealer workshop technicians will inspect the wiring harness fitment condition and carry out the necessary repairs, free of cost," the company said.
"The problem was noticed based on feedback monitoring and internal checks by the company. Accordingly proactive action has been initiated in the interest of customers," the statement added.

Modi reaches White House for first formal talks with ObamaModi, Obama announce better trade ties, joint fight against terror
Yashwant Raj , Hindustan Times  Washington, September 30, 2014
First Published: 20:33 IST(30/9/2014) | Last Updated: 13:59 IST(1/10/2014)
India and the United States on Tuesday announced significantly expanded cooperation in defence, trade, infrastructure and, especially, counter-terrorism action against the Lashkar-e-Taiba, Jaish-e-Mohammad, D company, the Haqqani network and al Qaeda.
  
Play Pause
Prime Minister Narendra Modi arrives for a meeting with US President Barack Obama at the White House. (AFP Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and US President Barack Obama speak after a meeting in the Oval Office of the White House. (AFP Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi waves as he arrives at the White House in Washington DC for a meeting with US President Barack Obama. (PTI Photo)
US President Barack Obama and Prime Minister Narendra Modi end their meeting in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington. (Reuters Photo)
US President hosts Prime Minister Narendra Modi for dinner at the White House in Washington. The two leaders broke the ice by exchanging anecdotes in their political graphs. (Photo courtesy: ...
Prime Minister Narendra Modi with US President Barack Obama at the White House dinner. (Photo courtesy: Twitter, @MEAIndia)
US President Barack Obama welcomes Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the dinner hosted in his honour at the White House in Washington. (PTI Photo)
US President Barack Obama welcomes Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the dinner hosted in his honour at the White House in Washington. (PTI Photo)
US President Barack Obama of the United States with Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the dinner hosted in his honour at the White House in Washington. (PTI Photo)
US President Barack Obama greets external affairs minister Sushama Swaraj at the White House in Washington US Secretary of State John Kerry is seen on the left. (PTI Photo)
A “joint and concerted effort” will be made by the two countries to dismantle these outfits, an Indian government official told reporters. But he gave few details and refused to elaborate.  Joint Statement during the visit of Prime Minister to USA
The two sides also agreed to speed up implementation of the civil nuclear deal, announced in 2005, with the help of an interagency platform.
And they agreed on renewing the defence cooperation framework for another 10 years, though it would be signed when they are through with the details.
Live Blog Modi in America
 
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and US President Barack Obama met for over two hours in the morning at an expanded delegation-level meeting and then in a more restricted format without aides.
 
Emphasising that India supports trade facilitation, Modi told Obama that a solution must be found to its concerns over food security at the World Trade Organisation. “We had an open discussion on the WTO issue. We support trade facilitation but a solution that takes care of our food security must be found,” the PM said.
India had taken a tough stand over food security at the WTO talks in Geneva in July, refusing to ratify the WTO’s Trade Facilitation Agreement without any concrete movement in finding a permanent solution to its public food stock-holding issue for food security purposes.
“My conversation with President Obama has reinforced my conviction that India and the US are natural global partners, based on our shared values, interests and strengths in the digital age,” Modi said from prepared remarks in Hindi after the bilateral meeting.
Read: Modi, Obama raise the bar for bilateral ties in joint oped
Obama said his discussion with Modi over dinner on Monday night were mostly about the economy, but that they focussed on the international situation and security issues on Tuesday. “We addressed challenges in West Asia and violent extremism, the fight against ISIS,” he said.
But Indian officials said there was no request from the US for India to join the coalition against ISIS, a possibility speculated about in the run-up to the summit.
The two spoke of a “peaceful transition of power in Afghanistan and the need to work together to ensure stability”.
There will be a joint statement on the outcome of the talks but it had not been issued till late Tuesday. A large number of initiatives were agreed upon in the areas of urban development, sanitation and infrastructure.
“This visit can be scored as a success for the very basic reason that it took place,” said Michael Kuglemanm, a South Asia expert at Wilson Center. “Modi could have declined Obama’s invitation to come to Washington, or deferred it indefinitely. Instead, he accepted it and took full advantage of his time in Washington. This is a strong signal of his intention to move beyond the past and to get this relationship back on track.”
After their Oval Office meeting, Obama and Modi travelled together to the Martin Luther King Jr memorial on the National Mall, a few blocks from the White House. Modi was initially to go alone to pay homage to the activist leader but in a last minute change, the American President decided to join him.

Hong Kong stocks hit three-month lows© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bfd51982-4869-11e4-9d04-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

EBay spinning off PayPalEBay spinning off PayPal as separate company
By Chris Isidore   @CNNTech September 30, 2014: 9:55 AM ET
 
EBay breaks up with PayPal
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
EBay is spinning off its online payment service PayPal as a separate company.
The move, which has long been urged by some Wall Street analysts, was announced Tuesday. It is expected to take place in the second half of 2015.
The news sent shares of eBay ( EBAY , Tech30 ) up more than 6% in early trading.
"This is the best path for delivering sustainable shareholder value," the company said in its announcement.
EBay also announced a new executive team for both companies, with current CEO John Donahoe and chief financial officer Bob Swan planning to leave the company after the split.
Devin Wenig, currently president of eBay Marketplaces, will become CEO of the new eBay. The company also announced the appointment of Dan Schulman, an executive of American Express ( AXP ), to be the president of the PayPal unit until the split, and to be CEO of the independent PayPal. PayPal had lost its former chief to Facebook in June.
Earlier this year, activist investor Carl Icahn urged eBay to spin off PayPal, and was ready to put it up for a vote of shareholders . He also was proposing two of his own candidates for the eBay board.
At the time Donahoe urged against a split, arguing that "eBay is a big contributor to PayPal's growth and expansion." He also said the split would be a "distraction" for the companies.
Icahn dropped his proxy fight after eBay agreed to appoint David Dorman, founding partner of venture capital firm Centerview Capital Technology, to the board. Dorman was chairman of Motorola ( MSI ) when it split into two separate businesses .
Related: Will Apple kill PayPal?
PayPal started out as an independent company. Its founders included Peter Thiel , now a billionaire investor who was subsequently an early backer of Facebook ( FB , Tech30 ) and Elon Musk , who has gone to fame and success as CEO of electric car maker Tesla Motors ( TSLA ) and private space exploration business Space X .
EBay bought PayPal for $1.5 billion in 2002. In a sector littered with failed big dollar purchases , the eBay purchase of PayPal is widely seen as one of the most successful tech acquisitions ever. Last year, it accounted for about 40% of eBay's total revenue. It facilitates one in every six dollars spent online today, and total payment volume grew 26% in the last six months to $203 billion.
The business could grow even more as consumers start making more mobile online payments. Mobile payments, including consumers using their phones to pay at traditional retailers, are likely to reach $3.5 billion this year, according to research firm eMarketer. But that is forecast to grow to $118 billion annually within four years.
But the company also faces increased competition in that space. Earlier this month, Apple ( AAPL , Tech30 ) announced Apple Pay , a new way to make payments with your iPhone.
First Published: September 30, 2014: 7:24 AM ET
Most Popular

HAL  DRDO test first LCA Tejas aircraft buil...You are here: Home > Collections > Aircraft
HAL, DRDO test first LCA Tejas aircraft built for IAF
PTI Sep 30, 2014, 08.00PM IST
Tags:
DRDO
(IAF ordered 40 LCA Mk 1 aircraft…)
NEW DELHI: State-owned HAL and DRDO today carried out the maiden sortie of the first LCA Tejas aircraft produced for the Indian Air Force by them in Bengaluru.
The aircraft named 'Series Production 1' would now undergo a series of trials under the Acceptance Performance Tests before it is handed over to the IAF, DRDO officials said here.
IAF plans to have four such aircraft in its Bangalore-based Tejas squadron before it starts evaluating them and approves it for final operational clearance, they said.
The IAF has ordered 40 LCA Mk 1 aircraft and is likely to induct five more squadrons of an advanced version of the aircraft being developed by the DRDO and HAL.
The aircraft had received initial operational clearance last year and has to get the FOC in next few months before it starts operational flying.
The aircraft was being manufactured by HAL in partnership with the DRDO over the past several years, and the programme has been long-delayed and has seen several cost and time over-runs.
HAL has so far built seven LCA aircraft for trial purposes, which have been used to determine the final configuration of the plane to be given to the IAF.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Gross exit from Pimco tests bond marketGross exit from Pimco tests bond market
By Tracy Alloway and Michael Mackenzie in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d2f99602-4817-11e4-b5ad-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Govt launches Rs 1K minimum pension across c...You are here: Home > Collections > Epfo
Government launches Rs 1,000 per month minimum pension across the country
PTI Sep 30, 2014, 09.01PM IST
Tags:
EPFO
(According to EPFO estimates,…)
NEW DELHI: Subscribers to the retirement fund EPFO will get a minimum of Rs 1,000 a month from October 1 under Employees' Pension Scheme 1995 (EPS-95) as the government formally launched the programme today.
The government will shell out an estimated Rs 1,200 crore to provide for this entitlement.
According to EPFO estimates, around 32 lakh pensioners under the scheme, who get less than Rs 1,000 every month as pension, will benefit immediately.
There are 49 lakh pensioners under the scheme and about 13 lakh get less than Rs 500 a month.
The government had last month notified amendment to the EPS-95 to provide a minimum monthly pension of Rs 1,000 to beneficiaries under the scheme which provides for the benefit after attaining the age of 58.
As many as 37 Union Ministers and other MPs presided over separate functions simultaneously to launch the entitlement at different offices of the Employees' Provident Fund Organisation across the country, a senior official said.
EPFO has over 120 offices in the country. However, these launch functions were not held in the EPFO's regional offices in Maharashtra and Haryana in view of forthcoming assembly elections scheduled next month.
Union Ministers present at 37 different locations included Home Minister Rajnath Singh (Lucknow), Telecom Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad (Kolkata) , Railway Minister D V Sadananda Gowda (Manglore), Water Resource Minister Uma Bharti (Allahabad).
Labour Minister Narendra Sigh Tomar attended the function at Gwalior. Health Minister Harsh Vardhan presided a similar function at Delhi.
Tomar said: "EPFO is making history by providing Rs 1,000 as guaranteed pension. Labour Ministry has increasingly come under the limelight in the recent days and now 'Shramev Jayate' is the new mantra of the government."
He also stressed upon the need to accord due respect to workers, saying that the growth of the national economy will follow suit.
Generating employment and giving respect to workers can help tackle unemployment as well as corruption, Tomar said, adding that the dignity of labour and workers has to be restored if the nation is to progress.
FEATURED ARTICLES

DRT to auction Deccan Chronicle promoters p...Debt Recovery Tribunal to auction Deccan Chronicle promoters’ private jet
C R Sukumar, ET Bureau Sep 30, 2014, 08.13PM IST
Tags:
Axis Bank
(ICICI was among dozen…)
HYDERABAD: In an embarrassment to the promoters of ailing media house Deccan Chronicle Holdings (DCHL), the Debt Recovery Tribunal (DRT) has decided to auction the eight-seater corporate jet in which the media house owners toured around the world for years.
The move comes months after ICICI Bank, one of the key lenders of the media house, approaching the DRT accusing the DCHL promoters of defaulting on loans of some Rs 500 crore.
The Hawker 400 is a twin-engine jet corporate aircraft, which was imported from the US based Raython Aircraft Company in 2007.
During April last year, ICICI Bank had moved a local court in Hyderabad against the Deccan Chronicle promoters after a cheque issued for Rs 350 crore by them bounced. ICICI was among dozen odd lenders that dragged the DCHL promoters to various courts involving defaults and cheque bounces.
"DRT has ordered auctioning the corporate jet of Deccan Chronicle on June 2 and we have accordingly sought bids from interested parties through e-auction process," the tribunal appointed advocate commissioner K. Buchi Babu told ET.
Babu said the reserve price was kept at Rs 9.75 crore and the bidders were asked to ensure an earnest money deposit of Rs 1 crore to participate in the e-auction, which is scheduled to take place on October 17. The said aircraft is currently at New Delhi's India Gandhi International Airport and the interested registered bidders would be permitted to inspect the aircraft prior to the auction on October 9.
The publisher of English dailies Deccan Chronicle, Financial Chronicle and Asian Age and Telugu daily and weekly Andhra Bhoomi has been in news since July 2012 when its financial woes came to the fore. More than a dozen lenders, both public and private, knocked on the doors of various courts across the country and DRT seeking to recover their debts running into nearly Rs 4,000 crore.
DCHL's lenders include host of financial institutions such as Canara Bank, Corporation Bank, Indian Overseas Bank, Central Bank of India, Andhra Bank, Jammu & Kashmir Bank, IFCI, LIC , Axis Bank , ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank, Future Capital, Religare Finvest, Kotak Mahindra Bank , Tata Capital Ltd, PVP Capital Ltd, National Pension System Trust and Yes Bank Ltd, among others.
Following the plea by one of the lenders, Canara Bank, which suspected an accounting fraud, the country's premier investigating body Central Bureau of Investigation last year initiated a probe into DCHL books and registered cases against the company and promoters.
Several lenders have also moved against each other claiming rights over the assets mortgaged by the DCHL promoters including titles and trademarks of Deccan Chronicle, Asian Age, Financial Chronicle and Andhra Bhoomi. Some lenders even exercised the option over the assets charged to them and took possession of them after the company and promoters failed to clear their dues.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Singareni hopes to bounce back with Adriyala projectUpdated: September 30, 2014 22:22 IST
Singareni hopes to bounce back with Adriyala project
K. M. Dayashankar
The Hindu A dampener: Parts of opencast coal mine of the Singareni Collieries at Sathupalli filled with water following heavy rains on Monday. Photo: By Arrangement.
TOPICS
economy, business and finance
Long wall mining technology will be utilised to flush out coal from a depth of 4 km. The authorities estimated the coal reserves beneath the OCP-2 at 54.36 million tonnes. Through the long wall coal project, the authorities plan to produce 2.817 million tonnes of coal per annum.
The Singareni Collieries Company Limited (SCCL), which is lagging behind in coal production and unable to meet the growing demand in the power sector, is all set to open Asia’s biggest long wall project called Adriyala shaft project at Open Cast Project (OCP)-2 in the Ramagundam region of Karimnagar district during this month.
The Adriyala shaft project in OCP-2 , involving an investment of Rs. 846 crore, is the biggest project of Singareni. The project will utilise underground shaft (long wall) mining technology to flush out coal from the underground mine to the surface. The Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation (CSIRO) of Australia had provided technical support for the project.
The Adriyala coal project will be taken up in the OCP-2 mine area (which is already two km deep) and take up coal excavation below two-km-depth with the help of machinery and skilled manpower. This project is likely to provide employment to around 850 skilled workers, who were replaced from other closed underground mines.
The authorities estimated the coal reserves beneath the OCP-2 at 54.36 million tonnes. Through the long wall coal project, the authorities plan to produce 2.817 million tonnes of coal per annum. The production cost is estimated at Rs. 863 per tonne of coal.
K. Mallaiah, leader of Telangana Boggu Gani Karmika Sangham (TGBKS), the recognised trade union of Singareni, said that the Adriyala coal project is latest and unique as it was being taken up in the OCP. Usually, there are two types of mines -- underground and open cast project (OCP). But, the Adriyala coal project will excavate coal from the OCP at a great depth.
“The project poses several safety problems to the miners as there would no proper ventilation at a depth of 4 km where they are required to work. There is also possibility of roof collapse due to external pressure on the surface,” he said and added that the opening of the mine had not provided any new employment but relocated the miners from the underground mines which were closed.
The management is contemplating announcing incentives to the coal miners to increase coal production from January 2015 onwards to increase the production and meet the requirements of the thermal power stations for the coming summer season.

Power-pitch to U.S. CEOsIndia-United States
On his last day in the city Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi delivered a power-pitch on the untapped potential of India’s growth opportunities to the CEOs of 11 preeminent U.S. corporations, telling them that so far as the coal industry was concerned he viewed the Supreme Court’s order cancelling allocations as an “opportunity” for the government to start anew.
Nearing the end of a four-day blitz of meetings with dignitaries and Indian-American community representatives in Manhattan Mr. Modi said to the captains of American industry, who may have concerns regarding investing in India, “India is open-minded. We want change, change that is not one-sided,” according to Ministry of External Affairs Syed Akbaruddin.
While the Prime Minister was reported to have answered some tough questions about his government’s plans to reform and attract more foreign investment he also pitched for ramping up investment in India, particularly in infrastructure, and spoke of his favourite theme of “Make in India” for partnerships with U.S. companies.
The PM first met a group of top CEOs at breakfast including Mastercard CEO Ajay Banga, Cargill’s President and CEO David W MacLennan, Caterpillar’s Douglas Oberhelman,
AES’ Andres Gluski, Merck’s Kenneth Frazier, co-founder and co-CEO of Carlyle Group David Rubenstein, Hospira’s Michael Ball and Warburg Pincus’ Charles Kaye.

Sensex roared 250 points post RBI policy  but ended flat; here s whyYou are here: Home > Collections
Sensex cheered RBI policy, but ended day with marginal gains; here's why
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 30, 2014, 04.00PM IST
Tags:
Bank of India
(If inflation moves above…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex surged as much as 254 points in intraday trade on Tuesday, but failed to keep the momentum and closed the day with gains of just 33 points in a highly volatile trade, as RBI in its monetary policy review hinted at the possibility of no rate cuts by January 2016.
The RBI policy review statement, reinforced Governor Raghuram Rajan's stance on inflation and highlighted that it may ease interest rates only if CPI inflation comes below 6 per cent before January 2016.
So, if inflation is above that figure during the said period then the central bank may be forced to hike rates.
The BSE Sensex finally closed 33.40 points higher or 0.13 per cent at 26630.51. It rose to a high of 26851.33 and a low of 26481.31 in trade today.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index closed 0.07 per cent higher or 5.9 points at 7964.80. It rose to a high of 8030.90 and a low of 7923.85 in trade today.
Even though inflation has been declining, the RBI is of the view that it is too early to assume that it is firmly under control. Since June, headline inflation has ebbed to levels which are consistent with the desired near-term glide path of disinflation -- 8 per cent by January 2015.
BSE Sensex rallied as much as 254 points after the RBI statement said that CPI target of 6 per cent by January 2016 can be met even though there is significant upside risk to it.
According to the Governor, there are number of disinflationary factors underway such as lower crude prices and relatively stable rates are positive for inflation.
However, there are risks from food price shocks as the full effects of the monsoon's passage unfold, and from geo-political developments that could materialise rapidly, added the policy statement.
Most analysts on Dalal Street were hoping for a rate cut in first half of 2015, but as per the policy statement by the RBI it may not happen before 2016.
Global brokerage firm, Goldman Sachs said that the RBI is concerned about the CPI target of 6 per cent by January 2016 and may keep rates on hold through 2014 and 2015. RBI is unlikely to hike rates unless there is a further shock to inflation, it said in a statement.
  Ind-Ra believes the RBI would rather wait than make the mistake of changing the policy stance before the inflation has been effectively tamed. "We believe monetary easing will not be possible before 4QFY15," India Ratings & Research A Fitch Group Company said in a statement.
Even though no rate cut are expected in 2014-15, analysts are also not ruling out the fact that RBI may hike rate considering the fact that balance of risks are still on the upside.
The RBI has been trying to take the economy on a disinflationary course by containing the CPI inflation, its new nominal anchor, to 8.0 per cent by January 2015 and further to 6 per cent by January 2016.
"Imagine an economy which is as supply-constrained as ours. If this economy is going to move from a 5%-5.5% growth rate to a 6%-6.5% growth rate, necessarily it has to put pressures on resources. Therefore, you will see the core inflation moving up," said Jahangir Aziz, Head-Emerging Asia Economics, JPMorgan.
"Necessarily there will be a stress on import. Much of the investment upturn will be imported, which means that the current account deficit will widen. His (Rajan) language, more or less, gives us greater certainty that a rate hike rather than a rate cut is probably what we should be looking forward in 2015," he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Learn as if you were going to live forever: ...Human Resources Development Minister
(Satya Nadella along with…)
NEW DELHI: Live as if it's your last day, but learn as if you have to live forever, said Satya Nadella , the India-born Chief Executive of global software giant Microsoft while interacting with students here today.
At an interactive event with students, Nadella, who is on his maiden visit to India after taking over as the CEO of the US-headquartered firm, said one should be passionate about what he or she does and should never stop learning irrespective of the heights they scale.
He, along with Human Resources Development Minister Smriti Irani , was addressing students at an event, which was streamed live across 20 states, 300 cities and 750 locations.
Nadella advised the youth that they should "fall in love with what you do. Then it doesn't feel like work!"
Talking about the opportunities in India, he said the energy and optimism in the country is palpable.
"As you prepare to change the world, the opportunity before you is unparallelled. All of you represent a multi-disciplinary approach to innovation -- and that will change the future. The mobile first, cloud first is a very rich canvas for innovation -- it is not the device that is mobile, it is the person that is mobile."
He added that "in the long run, EQ (emotional quotient) trumps IQ 9 (intelligence quotient). Without being a source of energy for others very little can be accomplished."
Reminiscing his journey, Nadella said when he was growing up, he had not anticipated that he would "go west of Mumbai".
"...and then I land up in Wisconsin. Believe me, my journey has not been a simple journey of progress. There have been many ups and downs and it is the choices that I made at each of those times that have helped shape what I have achieved," he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

LIVE: Modi meets Obama at White House  to issue joint statement shortlyModi, Obama announce better trade ties, joint fight against terror
Yashwant Raj , Hindustan Times  Washington, September 30, 2014
First Published: 20:33 IST(30/9/2014) | Last Updated: 13:59 IST(1/10/2014)
India and the United States on Tuesday announced significantly expanded cooperation in defence, trade, infrastructure and, especially, counter-terrorism action against the Lashkar-e-Taiba, Jaish-e-Mohammad, D company, the Haqqani network and al Qaeda.
  
Play Pause
Prime Minister Narendra Modi arrives for a meeting with US President Barack Obama at the White House. (AFP Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and US President Barack Obama speak after a meeting in the Oval Office of the White House. (AFP Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi waves as he arrives at the White House in Washington DC for a meeting with US President Barack Obama. (PTI Photo)
US President Barack Obama and Prime Minister Narendra Modi end their meeting in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington. (Reuters Photo)
US President hosts Prime Minister Narendra Modi for dinner at the White House in Washington. The two leaders broke the ice by exchanging anecdotes in their political graphs. (Photo courtesy: ...
Prime Minister Narendra Modi with US President Barack Obama at the White House dinner. (Photo courtesy: Twitter, @MEAIndia)
US President Barack Obama welcomes Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the dinner hosted in his honour at the White House in Washington. (PTI Photo)
US President Barack Obama welcomes Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the dinner hosted in his honour at the White House in Washington. (PTI Photo)
US President Barack Obama of the United States with Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the dinner hosted in his honour at the White House in Washington. (PTI Photo)
US President Barack Obama greets external affairs minister Sushama Swaraj at the White House in Washington US Secretary of State John Kerry is seen on the left. (PTI Photo)
A “joint and concerted effort” will be made by the two countries to dismantle these outfits, an Indian government official told reporters. But he gave few details and refused to elaborate.  Joint Statement during the visit of Prime Minister to USA
The two sides also agreed to speed up implementation of the civil nuclear deal, announced in 2005, with the help of an interagency platform.
And they agreed on renewing the defence cooperation framework for another 10 years, though it would be signed when they are through with the details.
Live Blog Modi in America
 
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and US President Barack Obama met for over two hours in the morning at an expanded delegation-level meeting and then in a more restricted format without aides.
 
Emphasising that India supports trade facilitation, Modi told Obama that a solution must be found to its concerns over food security at the World Trade Organisation. “We had an open discussion on the WTO issue. We support trade facilitation but a solution that takes care of our food security must be found,” the PM said.
India had taken a tough stand over food security at the WTO talks in Geneva in July, refusing to ratify the WTO’s Trade Facilitation Agreement without any concrete movement in finding a permanent solution to its public food stock-holding issue for food security purposes.
“My conversation with President Obama has reinforced my conviction that India and the US are natural global partners, based on our shared values, interests and strengths in the digital age,” Modi said from prepared remarks in Hindi after the bilateral meeting.
Read: Modi, Obama raise the bar for bilateral ties in joint oped
Obama said his discussion with Modi over dinner on Monday night were mostly about the economy, but that they focussed on the international situation and security issues on Tuesday. “We addressed challenges in West Asia and violent extremism, the fight against ISIS,” he said.
But Indian officials said there was no request from the US for India to join the coalition against ISIS, a possibility speculated about in the run-up to the summit.
The two spoke of a “peaceful transition of power in Afghanistan and the need to work together to ensure stability”.
There will be a joint statement on the outcome of the talks but it had not been issued till late Tuesday. A large number of initiatives were agreed upon in the areas of urban development, sanitation and infrastructure.
“This visit can be scored as a success for the very basic reason that it took place,” said Michael Kuglemanm, a South Asia expert at Wilson Center. “Modi could have declined Obama’s invitation to come to Washington, or deferred it indefinitely. Instead, he accepted it and took full advantage of his time in Washington. This is a strong signal of his intention to move beyond the past and to get this relationship back on track.”
After their Oval Office meeting, Obama and Modi travelled together to the Martin Luther King Jr memorial on the National Mall, a few blocks from the White House. Modi was initially to go alone to pay homage to the activist leader but in a last minute change, the American President decided to join him.

