If Oil Is So Cheap  Why Isn t Gas Cheaperif oil is so cheap  why isn t gas cheaper
Americans Plan to Spend  Spend  Spend For Christmasamericans plan to spend  spend  spend for christmas
Bharti Airtel shares up after TDSAT sets aside Rs 650 crfineShares of Bharti Airtel gained over 2 per cent today after telecom tribunal TDSAT set aside Rs 650 crore penalty imposed by the DoT on the company.
The telecom major’s scrip rose by 2.18 per cent to Rs 362 on the BSE.
On the NSE, shares of Airtel went up by 2.11 per cent to Rs 361.65.
TDSAT had yesterday set aside Rs 650 crore penalty on Airtel imposed by the DoT in a roaming case.
The DoT had issued demand notice of Rs 650 crore to Airtel in July 2013.
The DoT had found Bharti Airtel routing national and international calls as local calls (SLD) under a scheme till 2005 despite being told to stop it in 2003, and that it caused loss to the government exchequer and state-run Bharat Sanchar Nigam Ltd (BSNL) across 13 service areas.
Meanwhile, in the broader market the benchmark Sensex was trading up by 89.19 points at 27,886.20.
Post Comments
More from indianmarkets

Major ports handle more cargo in NovemberUpdated: December 10, 2014 23:41 IST
Major ports handle more cargo in November
N. Anand
Cargo being loaded wirh iron ore at New Mangalore Port
TOPICS
waterway and maritime transport
Backed by coal and fertilizers, 12 major ports in India handled 48.55 million tonnes of cargo during October 2014 against 43.98 million tonnes in the corresponding period last year.
Barring Haldia Dock Complex and New Mangalore Port Trust, all the other ports recorded a growth of 5.33 per cent against 4.64 per cent in October 2014.
The total cargo handled by these ports from April to November 2014 touched 384.59 million tonnes against 365.11 million tonnes for the year-ago period.
Though the Shipping Ministry had set a target of 604.45 million tonnes of cargo for 2014-15 for the major ports, the current output is less than two-third of actual target. Going by the current trend, Kamarajar Port (formerly Ennore Port) and Mormugao Port might hit the target ahead of schedule. As the port sector has been recording average monthly growth of about 50 million tonnes, it might not be easy to surpass the target, say industry observers.
During the eight-month period, Mormugao Port, Kamarajar Port and V.O. Chidambaranar Port posted double-digit growth of 22 per cent, 16 per cent and 10 per cent, respectively. Compared with the previous month, there was a tremendous variation in the cargo handled by Kolkata Dock System, Chennai Port Trust and Kandla Port.
On the container front, these ports handled 5.3 million twenty-foot equivalent units (TEUs) against 4.9 million TEUs, marking an increase of 8.3 per cent. The growth in other cargo was 12 per cent. The variation in import of petroleum, oil and lubricants compared to the previous month was 1.36 per cent.
Iron ore was handled by six major ports. There was a 29 per cent drop in iron ore volume handled by the ports of Kolkata, Paradip, Visakhapatnam, New Mangalore and Mormugao during November. Kandla saw an increase of 16 per cent in its iron ore handling.

Sinking bond yields likely to ease banks  stressSinking bond yields likely to ease banks' stress
Somasroy Chakraborty | Kolkata Dec 11, 2014 09:35 PM IST
The sustained rally in Indian bond prices has offered bankers a reason to celebrate. They, specially public sector ones, are expected to make hefty profits from treasury operations in the current (October-December) quarter, as bond yields continue to fall on hopes of a policy rate cut early next year. On Thursday, the benchmark 10-year government bond yield dipped below 7.88 per cent intra-day, the lowest since July 15 last year.
Analysts believe many state-run banks will be tempted to cash this opportunity and book treasury profits, to cushion the impact of slow interest income growth on earnings. For some quarters, interest income growth has been slowing. Loan growth moderated to 10 per cent in the September quarter. Treasury profits will also help banks make up for the deficit provisions for non-performing assets and employee pensions.
“Banks having a higher proportion of securities in the AFS (available-for-sale) category will benefit most. We expect these to report 15-17 per cent rise in profit before tax if they choose to book the entire gains in this quarter itself,” Nitin Kumar, an analyst with brokerage Prabhudas Lilladher, said. He expects lenders like Canara Bank, Punjab National Bank and Oriental Bank of Commerce to report healthy gains in treasury operations.
However, such gains will not necessarily translate to improved net profit. The declining bond yields provide a good opportunity for public sector banks to cover their provision deficits,” said an analyst with an investment bank. Also, not all bankers are willing to book capital gains by selling securities in this current quarter. Many prefer to wait, as bond yields are expected to fall further.
“The decision will vary from bank to bank and depend on the level of stress and urgency to improve provision coverage, etc,” said an executive in charge of treasury operations at a mid-sized private bank.
But bankers admit even if they don't sell securities, the stress on earnings will ease, as almost all are expected to see a reversal in mark-to-market (MTM), revaluing  at current price provisions on investment in government securities. It is almost certain banks will have near-zero provisions for investment in government securities. Provisions on MTM losses will be reversed, helping earnings.

Manufacturers Seek Women for Hard-to-Fill JobsWelcome to 2015. What just happened? Where did 2014 go? Television personalities Ryan Seacrest and Jenny McCarthy...
John Locher/AP Photo

Current account deficit widened but comfortable: RBICurrent account deficit widened but comfortable: RBI
Will oppose Muslim reservation by Telangana govt: PraveenTogadiaBy: Press Trust of India | Sangareddy |
Posted: December 11, 2014 9:04 pm
Senior VHP leader Praveen Togadia on Thursday said his organisation will oppose any move by the K Chandrasekhar Rao-led Telangana government in providing 12 per cent reservations to Muslims.
Addressing a ‘Virat Hindu Sammelan’ here on the eve of the golden jubilee celebrations of VHP, Togadia, who is international president of the organisation, said the party will take legal recourse if the state government comes up with any such move.
“VHP will oppose any move by the state government for providing 12 per cent reservations to Muslims and will take legal recourse if needed,” Togadia said.
Providing of reservations to Muslims was one of the promises made by Rao’s Telangana Rashtra Samithi (TRS) in its poll manifesto in April.
Togadia also appealed to Hindus to eradicate untouchability and maintain unity “to save the religion”.
“Each and every Hindu should maintain cordial relations with SC/ST’s and upper and lower castes should share common kitchens,” he said.
Raking up the issue of “love jihad”, Togadia said VHP was not against “pure love”.
“Love jihad is not pure because Hindu girls are converted to Islam after their marriage but in no case any Muslim boy gets converted to Hinduism.. This is clearly the ‘love jihad’ and we are against it,” Togadia said.
He said that construction of the temple of Lord Ram in Ayodhya is the matter of “self respect” to Hindus.
VHP national president G Raghava Reddy and regional president Rama Raju also spoke on the occasion.

How the U.S. Can Sustainably Become the World s Top Economy Againreddit
China has overtaken the U.S. as the world's top economy. But in taking a few examples from China, as well as investing in jobs that stay in America and taking steps to insure economic stability for the majority of American workers, the U.S. can come out on top again. And we can do it without having to decimate working people or the environment.
Much of the growth China has experienced is through Chinese urban centers becoming more connected than ever due to China's investments in high-speed rail (HSR). Since 2008, China has built 6,800 miles of track for their HSR systems, allowing, for example, the 820-mile distance between Shanghai and Beijing -- roughly the same distance as between Chicago and New York City -- to be covered in just five hours, for less than the cost of a plane ticket. China is also connecting provincial communities in the Western region to major urban centers, giving rural residents easier access to urban jobs.
In the 100 Chinese cities that are connected by the HSR network, there hash been a 59 percent increase in market potential , meaning that HSR is making it easier than ever for companies, employees, customers, and new markets to reach one another. By 2020, China will have built 12,000 miles of high-speed rail, with 4 lines going east-west and 4 lines going north-south . The rapid growth of China's economy since 2008 correlates almost directly to the growth of China's HSR infrastructure.
The U.S. is currently piloting high-speed rail systems in California, New York, Florida, Michigan, and Illinois. The California rail network, which connects the San Francisco Bay Area to Los Angeles, is expected to create an estimated 450,000 new permanent jobs as a result of HSR car manufacturing, track laying, and maintenance. The New York rail line will connect New York City with Albany, the capital city, along I-87, and major cities along the I-90 corridor all the way to Buffalo and Niagara Falls. The Florida HSR line will connect Miami with Orlando, both of which are urban centers central to Florida's economy. The Illinois line will allow direct, traffic-free travel between Chicago and Saint Louis, which is normally a five-hour drive. That same rail network will connect Chicago to Detroit, shaving 2 and a half hours off a standard drive on the interstate.
Existing high-speed rail projects, as well as potential future projects that could connect, for example, Denver to Salt Lake City, or Southern economic hubs like Houston, New Orleans, and Jacksonville to one another, will bring new jobs and business to economically-deprived communities. As The Atlantic pointed out , the most significant economic benefit will come not to major population centers being connected by a non-stop train ride, but to cities several hours removed from major urban centers. Double-digit unemployment in California's San Joaquin Valley would be eased with HSR construction, as new businesses would open to accommodate new workers in the region. Workers in the valley would also have access to more jobs in the Bay Area and Los Angeles thanks to the rail systems.
While detractors would point to the high cost of these HSR systems, such as the $68 billion projected cost of California's Los Angeles-San Francisco system, as an economic drain, the projects could easily be funded by two additional taxes that would affect only the top .01 percent of Americans. According to The New York Times, a one percent sales tax on basic financial transactions like stocks, bonds, futures, and options would bring in $350 billion a year . Bringing the inheritance tax back to Clinton-era levels would bring in another $50 billion each year . This combined $4 trillion every ten years would be more than enough to fund high-speed rail construction across America for decades to come.
These HSR proposals will take more cars off the road, dramatically decreasing CO2 output in major urban centers if the electricity to run those trains is produced by green energy. California and Florida get lots of sunshine . Flat expanses like Illinois and areas close to water like the Great Lakes Region of upstate New York get plenty of wind . An added benefit is the massive potential for job growth in producing the green energy it would take to power HSR lines.
Photovoltaic energy by way of solar panels and wind energy manufacturing is on track to create exponentially more jobs than in the oil and gas sector over the next decade. According to the International Renewable Energy Agency , the U.S. employs 625,000 people in the renewable energy sector. China employs 2.6 million. As oil production continues to slow down, those numbers will only grow larger. Over the next several decades, states investing in wind and solar power will experience dramatic job growth in the manufacturing, installation, transportation, and maintenance of wind turbines and solar panels. Prominent investors like Warren Buffett are betting big on the industry's long-term growth, as Berkshire Hathaway has already invested nearly $17 billion in wind, solar, and geothermal energy and aims to double that investment over the next decade.
In addition to investment in a nationwide high-speed rail network and green energy, a big economic boost could come from meeting the demands of workers striking for a $15 an hour minimum wage with the right to unionize. The December 4 fast food and retail workers strike, which took place across 190 U.S. cities , was the largest to date, and came on the heels of a nationwide Black Friday strike and boycott campaign that led to Black Friday sales plummeting by 11 percent . Hundreds of thousands of workers have called on their employers, most of which are global corporations making billions in profit, to pay workers a minimum of $31,000 a year, and to grant them the right to collectively organize for fairer working conditions and benefits. And they've demonstrated they have the power to shut the fast food economy down for an entire day in nearly every major American city, costing these companies millions in revenue.
If these workers got the raise they were asking for, it would greatly increase the spending power of over a million and a half workers, as those workers immediately spend that money in their local economies. The Bureau of Labor Statistics estimates that 1.6 million workers earned $7.25 an hour , for an annual salary of roughly $15,080, meaning $24.1 billion is cycled into communities. If those same workers made $15 an hour, it would mean $49.6 billion is cycled back into local economies every year - more than double the original economic boost to those workers' communities. This is money that goes directly to local businesses, which would have a need to hire more workers to meet the increased demand.
This isn't just speculation, but fact -- businesses that pay workers a living wage are statistically more profitable than those that don't. Costco, which pays workers an average of $20 an hour , is more profitable than Walmart . In-N-Out Burger, which pays a starting wage of $10.50 an hour , is booming while McDonalds pays employees minimum wage and is seeing some of its weakest sales numbers yet . Moo Cluck Moo, a fast food restaurant in Detroit, pays workers $15 an hour and is seeing increased sales and is planning new locations. When a businesses has happy workers, they see a lower employee turnover rate. A lower employee turnover rate means these businesses save money by not having to constantly train new hires. Paying workers a fair, living wage is good for business, and will grow the economy over the long term.
It may take a decade or two, but if the U.S. implemented these solutions tomorrow, we would be on track to re-take the top spot in the world's fastest-growing economies. And we could do it while preserving the Earth for future generations and treating working people with the dignity they deserve.
Follow Carl Gibson on Twitter: www.twitter.com/uncutCG
More:

Lending Club IPO as it happenedSujeet Indap | Dec 10 2014 23:19 | Comments | Share
Share this on

California braces for flooding rain  damaging winds as monster storm bears downBy Sarah Larimer December 11, 2014 Follow @slarimer
The strongest storm to hit the West Coast in five years is unleashing flooding rain, extremely powerful winds, and mountain snows in Northern California. (The Washington Post)
A powerful Pacific storm began to blast Northern California on Thursday, bringing heavy rain and fierce wind gusts as roads flooded, trees fell, flights were grounded and tens of thousands of people lost power.
The storm, which forced school closures throughout the San Francisco Bay Area , led to more than 200 flight cancellations at San Francisco International Airport by mid-morning on the West Coast. Earlier Thursday, Pacific Gas and Electric reported that one substation outage in San Francisco left 80,000 customers without power. Overall, PG&E reported that more than 220,000 customers had lost power, but by noon power had been restored to about half of those homes and businesses, the San Francisco Chronicle reported .
Larkin substation outage affecting 80k #SF customers. Restoration expected later this morn. #StormWatch #BayAreaStorm pic.twitter.com/cJyUp1ekfL
— PG&E (@PGE4Me) December 11, 2014
Each dot represents a power outage on @PGE4Me map. Tens of thousands without power now. #cawx #BayAreaStorm pic.twitter.com/9oThwy9pki
— Stan Bunger (@BungerKCBS) December 11, 2014
There were reports of downed trees  and  canceled services  as the storm began to move across the region.
Power Is out here at Fairmount Palms Apartments #SanLeandro #BayAreaStorm @PGE4Me has a new pole here, ready to Go! pic.twitter.com/TBRzM3GlN2
— Dean C. Smith (@DeanCSmith) December 11, 2014
My sister just sent me this picture…she's near Sonoma, CA. #BayAreaStorm pic.twitter.com/wwP8UKxA9A
— Kelly Franson (@KellyKIRO7) December 11, 2014
One child needed X-rays after his arm became trapped under a fallen tree branch at a Santa Cruz school playground, according the San Jose Mercury News.
The paper reported :
Officials at Gateway School in Santa Cruz sent students home shortly after a large branch from a fir tree fell in the school’s playground and injured two students around 8:30 a.m. One student received minor scrapes, while another was taken to an area hospital for X-rays when his arm was trapped beneath the branch, said Sherri Helvie, assistant head of school.
“He’s fine. He’s at the hospital,” Helvie said of the student. “He’s conscious and talking, his mother is with him. We expect him to be fine.”
SCFD works to free student trapped under fallen tree @ Gateway School #scstorm #scsnews pic.twitter.com/EX8MPGvTht
— Shmuel Thaler (@Shmuel_Thaler) December 11, 2014
The National Weather Service warned that 1½ to 4 inches of rain were expected in the Bay Area on Thursday, as a band of the system barreled into the northern part of the state, bringing with it hurricane-force wind gusts.
Heavy rain band approaching Monterey Peninsula pic.twitter.com/TzouExOX8G

The Golden Globes and awards seasons obsession with tragedyBy Alyssa Rosenberg December 11, 2014 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
(Credit: Pathé)
In the annual process of handicapping the races for the Golden Globes and Academy Awards, one inevitable variable in every calculation is the voters’ taste in political movies. If a director happens to be telling a story about a minority group that ends sadly but with plenty of reassurance that the bigotry we see on screen is safely in our collective past, and if that movie is well-acted and well-directed, some portion of the odds shifts in the project’s favor.
And while the Golden Globe nominations that were announced this morning definitely feature plenty of nods for sober, handsome movies about dead civil rights figures, I was delighted to see the Hollywood Foreign Press Association anoint as a contender “ Pride ,” a heartfelt comedy about Britain’s emerging gay rights movement and its support for a Welsh community living through the miners’ strike that gripped the United Kingdom in 1984 and 1985. “Pride” differs from other Best Picture nominees in that some of the characters in the film are based on people who are still alive. And as a comedy, while movies like “Selma” and “The Imitation Game” are competing for the drama award, “Pride” is a vital reminder that stories about civil rights can be joyful rather than tragic.
“Pride” picked up just one nomination, for Best Motion Picture — Musical or Comedy, which may not be a good sign for its chances. Ava DuVernay’s “ Selma ,” which chronicles the 1965 voting rights marches, picked up nods for Best Motion Picture — Drama, Best Actor, Best Director and Best Original Song. “ The Imitation Game ,” Morten Tyldum’s biopic of Alan Turing and his work at Bletchley Park during World War II, is also a Best Motion Picture contender, while Benedict Cumberbatch and Keira Knightley, who plays cryptographer Joan Clarke, are competing for acting trophies. Screenwriter Graham Moore and composer Alexandre Desplat were also nominated.
Movies like these make the fight for civil rights seem like a desperately grim task. That’s an appropriate nod to the historical weight of institutional homophobia and structural racism, of course. And this tone also serves to appropriately elevate people like Turing, who tried to live with integrity even as he was demeaned and sentenced to inhumane treatment, or leaders like Martin Luther King Jr., who stood up to racist officials and civilians.
But in their rush to communicate the specific gravity of these historical struggles for justice, period movies about politics often forget to communicate something important: that fighting for your dignity and equality can be galvanizing and heady. And finding your people after years of isolation can be a tremendously joyful experience. As Dai (Paddy Considine), a Welsh union leader, tells the London members of Lesbians and Gays Support the Miners, who had thrown a fundraiser to help the families of striking coalworkers: “To find out you had a friend you never knew existed, it’s the best feeling in the world.”
There are sad moments in “Pride,” of course. For Gethin (Andrew Scott), his partner Jonathan’s (Dominic West) embrace of Lesbians and Gays Support the Miners feels like a betrayal, given the harshness Gethin experienced from his own family when he came out. Joe (George MacKay), a closeted teenager, finds both an identity and friends in his miners’ support work but rejection at home when his parents discover that he is gay. And Maureen (Lisa Palfrey), a narrow-minded Welshwoman who is the movie’s worst-drawn character, exhibits rigidity and cruelty.
The balance of the movie, though, is hopeful and energetic. Sian (a terrific Jessica Gunning) starts “Pride” as a young wife and mother who is initially unsure of what contribution she might be able to make in politics. But with the encouragement of Lesbians and Gays Support the Miners, Sian takes up a leadership role in the strike committee and eventually pursues a college education. She is now a member of parliament . Jonathan Blake, who in the film has become politically disengaged, is reinvigorated by the strike: In real life, he is alive 30 years after his HIV diagnosis and continues to work as an educator and advocate. The kindness of miners’ families helps Gethin reunite with his own mother, and the upbeat energy of gay men and women gives Cliff (Bill Nighy) the courage to come out to his best friend, Hefina (Imelda Staunton).
Legal, social and economic equality for members of minority groups is certainly serious business. But rather than telling participants in these fights that they must martyr themselves to make a difference, “Pride” is a reminder that activism can be a sustaining and vital activity. As newly minted activist Joe tells his friends, “It was the best experience of my entire life.”
Note: This post initially misidentified Jonathan Blake. I regret the error.
Here's what you need to know about this year's Golden Globe nominations, the award show that combines television and movies. (Nicki DeMarco/The Washington Post)
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

Judge declines to order football game replayed because of missed callBy Paul Cassell December 11, 2014
A Locust Grove player upends a Douglas player during a disputed Nov. 28 playoff game. (AP Photo/The Oklahoman, Bryan Terry)
Thursday morning, an Oklahoma court declined to order a disputed high school football playoff game redone after the refereeing crew misapplied the rules.  The judge’s decision wisely raised concern about the consequences of such a ruling.  He explained that such a decision would “inevitably usher in a new era of robed referees and meritless litigation.”  The decision, which can be read in its entirety here , is a model of clarity and sound judicial reasoning.
Judge Bernard M. Jones first explains why there is no legal basis for granting an injunction:
The law requires the existence of a harm that is tied to an underlying right or protected property interest.  No such right or interest has been identified by [the school district]; instead, [the school district] relies exclusively on policies it believes [the Oklahoma Secondary School Activities Association (OSSAA)] has either violated or ignored.  Reliance on these policies, however, is misplaced.  Indeed, the evidence supports that the policies and the exercise of the same are discretionary such that [OSSAA] may elect to intervene or simply remain silent as it has elected to do in the present matter.  Mindful of both the breadth of [OSSAA's] discretion in interpreting and applying its policies and the absence of violation or disregard of any mandate, it naturally follows, and the evidence supports, that [the school district] has neither cause of action nor an irreparable harm as defined or require by law.  Accordingly, [the school district's] pursuit of injunctive relief is therefore foreclosed and must be denied.
Judge Jones then cites various “public policy concerns” supporting his decision not to grant injunctive relief, which is discretionary with the  court:
What transpired during and to some degree after the disputed quarterfinal could be considered by many as a tragedy.  More tragic, however, would be for this Court to assert itself in this matter.  While mindful of the frustrations of the young athletes who feel deprived by the inaction of [OSSAA], it borders on the unreasonable, and in some respects extends far beyond the purview of the judiciary, to think this Court more equipped or better qualified than [OSSAA] to decide the outcome of any portion of a high school football game.  Courts ought not meddle in these activities or others, especially when the parties have agreed to be bound by and have availed themselves to the governance of these activities associations.
Judge Jones next leaves open a rare exception that could be invoked in future extraordinary circumstances:
This is not to say, however, that Courts must always defer to these associations or that the deference is without limitation.  There are certainly rare and extraordinary instances where a Court must intervene to safeguard rights and to ensure a level playing field.  This, however, is not one of those instances.
Judge Jones finally concludes with reasons why he could not fairly grant relief as requested by the school district:
Though a seemingly harmless and benign request rooted in equity, it is impossible to ensure that the replaying of any portion of the quarterfinal would be fair to all involved.  There is simply no way to fully and completely replicate the events and conditions of the disputed quarterfinal in such a way that would alleviate any and all anxiety or question of fairness.  Unfortunately, whether in terms of the weather or field conditions, player fatigue, the actions of the coaches or referees, etc., on the day of the quarterfinal, there is no best way to right this wrong without creating even greater uncertainty or inviting further error.  Undoubtedly, the pursuit of further judicial action would result in the frustration of the world of athletics as know.  This slippery slope of solving athletic contests in court instead of on campus will inevitably usher in a new era of robed referees and meritless litigation due to disagreement with or disdain for decisions of gaming officials — a unintended consequence which hurts both the court system and the citizens it is designed to protect.
So wrote Judge Jones, district judge for the District Court of Oklahoma County.  Well said, Judge Jones, well said.
Paul G. Cassell teaches criminal law, criminal procedure, and crime victims' rights at the S.J. Quinney College of Law at the University of Utah. He also served as a U.S. District Court Judge for the District of Utah from 2002 to 2007.

Punjab s rural areas to be connected with high-speed internetPunjab's rural areas to be connected with high-speed internet
BS Reporter | Chandigarh Dec 11, 2014 08:50 PM IST
The Punjab government has initiated a project to connect all villages with optical fibre network, an advanced communication technology, with a view to provide high-speed internet connectivity.
A spokesman of the department of governance reforms on Thursday said the state Cabinet had already approved implementation of the project, which would indirectly give a boost to the state gross domestic product (GDP).
He said a tripartite memorandum of understanding (MoU) had been signed between Punjab, Union government and Bharat Broadband Network limited(BBNL) to transform the villages into e-villages under this project. He further said this initiative would help bridge the digital gap between rural and urban areas and provide e-services to all gram panchayats.
He said as a pilot project, BBNL had selected 67 blocks covering 6,000 villages to connect with optical fiber network in the first phase. He said this project would be completed by utilising existing fibers of public sector undertakings (PSUs), such as those of BSNL, Railtel and power grid, besides laying incremental fiber to connect to gram panchayats, wherever necessary.
Giving an account of present connectivity, the spokesman said presently optical fibre network (OFC ) connectivity was available in all districts and head quarters which would further connect all blocks and sub-divisions including rural areas.
He added after accomplishment of the project, availability of all citizen-centric services through rural and urban Sewa Kendras would be within the reach of every inhabitant of the state. "Besides other communication services, villagers could also avail internet protocol television (IPTV) having HDTV and range of voice telephony services, video conferencing, video calls etc through this network," he said.

Thos Robinson / Getty Imagesthos robinson / getty images
Birdsong and human speech turn out to be controlled by the same genesBy Rachel Feltman December 11, 2014 Follow @rachelfeltman
A rose-ringed parakeet  rests on a power line in July in the Israeli Mediterranean coastal city of Netanya.  (Jack Guez/AFP/Getty Images
New research on the bird genome has revealed that the same genes that give humans the ability to speak give birds the ability to sing. Because of this similarity, researchers will be able to use birds as lab subjects to better understand how speech evolved.
Duke University neuroscientist Erich Jarvis led a study on birdsong and speech published Thursday in Science . But he also co-led the greater effort that made it possible -- the mapping of 48 bird genomes. This unprecedented look at the genetic make-up of all kinds of birds allowed researchers to answer questions on everything from crocodile evolution to bird teeth. But Jarvis was always driven by avian musicality.
"I've always been interested in how the brain controls complex behaviors, and I became most interested in speech," Jarvis said. But it's hard to study speech in humans -- you can't keep someone in a lab for their entire life or perform invasive experiments on them. Non-human primates are usually the best choice for study, but other primates don't learn to mimic vocal sounds the way humans do.
But birds fit the bill.
Because the way birds learn to sing specific song patterns seems to mimic the way humans learn to form words (even some of the brain regions involved are known to be the same), Jarvis and his colleagues hoped that similar genes would be involved in the process, too.
Several papers on vocal learning in birds were released as part of the genome study, but Jarvis's favorite is one that describes how a computational biologist in his lab crunched all of the data sets together to find genes that lined up between birds. They found a consistent set of around 50 genes that seem to correlate with vocal learning: If a gene was more active in humans, it was also more active in birds who could learn songs (and the same held true if the gene was less active). These changes weren't seen in birds who don't learn songs or in non-speaking primates.
Scientists from 80 institutions world-wide collaborated to provide new answers to key evolutionary questions about birds and dinosaurs. (Reuters)
So when it comes to certain parts of the brain, singing birds have more in common genetically with humans than they do with other birds. The researchers believe that changes in these genes, which are involved in forming connections in the brain, make the difference between animals that can speak and ones that can't.
Bird and human speech probably evolved from the same ancient brain structure, Jarvis said, though this evolution happened in parallel -- not in a common ancestor. "It's like taking a brain circuit that controls your ability to learn how to walk and hooking it up to your vocal muscles," Jarvis said. He believes these connections allowed speech -- and birdsong -- to form.
Now that Jarvis and his colleagues know how similar the genetics of "speech" are in humans and birds, they can more confidently use birds to study humans. They can also use these genes to try to make animals who can't form speech sounds do so.
You shouldn't expect any "Planet of the Apes"-type language learning from non-human animals anytime soon, but these discoveries will be useful in pinpointing the origins and limits of our own vocal learning abilities.
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

R Systems International hits record high on plans of share buy-backR Systems International hits record high on plans of share buy-back
Bitcoin gets a  Microsoft bumpEMAIL
AFP/Getty
The value of Bitcoin gained about 3% Thursday as Microsoft said it is allowing consumers to use the cybercurrency to buy mobile apps, music, videos and games.
Getting the backing of Microsoft is a huge victory for Bitcoin. And it’s bullish for the value of the infant current. Following the news, one Bitcoin is trading for $357.24 U.S. dollars, says Coinbase, up from $348.47 on Thursday.
Microsoft said that Bitcoin will join the credit cards and Paypal as accepted methods of payments for several of its digital goods. That includes apps, videos and games for Windows, Windows Phone and Xbox.
Microsoft’s vote of confidence in the currency helped stem what’s been a bad year for Bitcoin. One Bitcoin was valued at $475.34 back in September.
Source: Oanda.com
Microsoft is one of the biggest companies to back Bitcoin to date. Others like Overstock.com and Newegg have adopted the currency, which has many fans among early adopters, but has failed to catch on in a widespread way.

Cheap Oil s Make-Or-Break Moment for Clean Energyreddit
The plunge in oil prices may be good for consumers and the global economy, but it could also encourage greater use of fossil fuels and thereby hurt efforts to make our planet's energy system more sustainable. Policy makers from around the world -- many of whom are meeting this week at UN climate talks in Lima -- can prevent this by taking advantage of cheaper oil to make meaningful changes in the way we price energy. But this moment will not last forever: the time to act is now.
Today's bear market in oil is merely reflecting the changes in supply and demand that were set loose by the bull market of the last several years. The more than 50 percent increase in U.S. oil production in recent years resulted at least in part from high prices. Similarly, prices played a key role in efforts to make cars and trucks consume less fuel, which has translated into lower oil demand growth worldwide.
As supply has outpaced demand, oil prices have fallen nearly 40 percent from their June peaks. Some observers are likening this era to the bear market in oil that began in the mid-1980s. Back then, policy makers in certain countries could have taken advantage of the plunge in oil prices to tighten vehicle fuel-efficiency standards, which would have protected motorists from the inevitable run-up in prices. But instead they generally took a laissez-faire approach, and consumers flocked to larger, thirstier vehicles. When oil prices began rising, owners of those vehicles paid dearly at the pump.
What a difference a protracted spell of high prices makes. Formerly a laggard, the United States raised fuel efficiency standards for new light-duty vehicles by more than 14 percent between 2008 and 2013; standards will be tightened further in the years to come, reducing U.S. dependence on oil by 2 million barrels a day by 2025 , according to the U.S. government. This will improve U.S. energy security and curb emissions of the greenhouse gases that are causing the planet to warm. And if past experience offers any lessons, now is not the time to ease up -- especially given the pressing need to transform our planet's energy system.
With its heavy reliance on fossil fuels, the current system is on course to deliver at least a 4-degree Celsius increase in global temperatures if no changes are made. It is no secret that we need radical action, but efforts thus far have been sluggish at best. In the International Energy Agency's annual assessment of efforts to transform the energy system , renewables represent the only bright spot in an otherwise-bleak picture of clean-energy progress.
But now there is a ray of hope: with the drop in oil prices delivering a shot of economic stimulus to consumers around the world, policy makers have leeway to take actions that even a year ago would have been unthinkable. It all depends on national circumstances, of course, but two areas spring to mind. The first is eliminating subsidies to fossil-fuel consumption. In 2013, governments around the world spent $550 billion on these subsidies, which encourage waste. Reforming such subsidy schemes is difficult, as the short-term costs imposed on certain groups of society can be burdensome and induce political opposition. But such opposition may well be muted now, in the current climate of lower oil prices, than it would have been a year ago.
By the same token, policy makers in major energy consuming countries should take advantage of the oil market's collapse to introduce carbon pricing, taxes or low-carbon mandates, or to strengthen existing schemes. Such actions would encourage more efficient use of energy, would boost the economic case for carbon capture and storage, and would promote low-carbon energy sources such as renewables and nuclear power. Moreover, higher taxes on transport fuels would help finance clean energy research, development and deployment. If such schemes are designed properly, and put in place in an environment of lower energy prices, economic discomfort can be minimized. Indeed, many studies suggest they can yield a net economic benefit.
The worst course of action would be complacency in the face of low oil prices. We saw this 30 years ago, but back then the prospect of climate change barely registered as a policy concern. Today we know otherwise: policy makers must keep a long-term perspective. They have a once-in-a-generation chance to get us back on track. Let's hope they seize this moment.
--
Maria van der Hoeven is executive director of the International Energy Agenc y (IEA), an autonomous organisation which works to ensure reliable, affordable and clean energy for its 29 member countries and beyond.
Follow Maria van der Hoeven on Twitter: www.twitter.com/VanderHoeven_M
More:

Maria van der HoevenGET UPDATES FROM Maria van der Hoeven
 
Like
9
Maria van der Hoeven took over as Executive Director of the IEA on 1 September 2011. Previously, Ms. van der Hoeven served as Minister of Economic Affairs of the Netherlands from February 2007 to October 2010, during which time she demonstrated leadership on energy policy at the national, regional and global levels.
As minister, Ms. van der Hoeven took the initiative in advancing several key aspects of her country’s energy policy, including unbundling, infrastructure modernisation and extension, developing the Dutch gas hub policy, and accelerating the development and use of renewables. She played an active role in European energy policy development, with a special focus on issues such as market liberalisation and energy security. She promoted the strengthening of regional ties by helping to set up the Pentalateral Forum, which establishes co-operation on electricity between Germany, France and the Benelux countries and which is evolving into a model for other regions of Europe.
On the world stage, Ms. van der Hoeven contributed to international dialogue on both energy security and sustainability. She participated actively in both the Jeddah and London summits on the future of oil prices, and in 2009 she chaired the IEA ministerial meeting. As the responsible minister of a gas-exporting country that is regarded as Europe’s hub for trade in crude oil and oil products, she gained valuable insights on a broad range of energy-related issues and assembled an extensive international network, and numerous ministerial contacts in both OECD and non-OECD countries.
Ms. van der Hoeven is a fierce supporter of market principles, promoting transparency and establishing a level playing field. In administrative affairs, she managed to shorten bureaucratic procedures and cut through red tape to accelerate large-scale energy investments, including large-scale offshore wind power in the North Sea and the creation of the natural gas hub. It is her personal conviction that energy production and use should be made comprehensively more efficient and cleaner by improving energy efficiency, developing and using renewables, and producing and using energy otherwise generated in the cleanest possible ways, such as clean fossil fuels and carbon capture and storage (CCS).
Prior to becoming Minister of Economic Affairs, Ms. van der Hoeven was Minister of Education, Culture and Science from 2002 to 2007. She was an elected member of the Netherlands House of Representatives of the States-General from 1991 to 2002. Until 1987 she was head of the Adult Commercial Vocational Training Centre in Maastricht, after which she served as head of the Limburg Technology Centre until 1991. A native Dutch speaker, Ms. van der Hoeven is fluent in English and speaks French and German.

Pharma stocks edge higherPharma stocks edge higher
US embassy in India to have its first female defence attacheUS embassy in India to have its first female defence attache
Commerzbank US settlement set to top $1bnCommerzbank US settlement set to top $1bn
Kara Scannell in New York and Gina Chon in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cca4f88c-8151-11e4-a493-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Security beefed up at AlipiriUpdated: December 12, 2014 00:21 IST
Security beefed up at Alipiri
Tweet
Security beffed up at Alipiri following a bomb hoax during visit of Chief Minister N. Chandrababu Naidu on Thursday. Photo: K.V. Poornachandra Kumar
Frisking and checking were intensified at Alipiri security point in Tirupati. Police deployed forces at all vulnerable points leading to the shrine. Bomb disposal and sniffer dog squads were also pressed into service.
Sources said the police reportedly stumbled upon a communication about the presence of some explosive devices in Tirupati.

Scott Rudin  Amy Pascal Apologize for Jolie  Obama RemarksWelcome to 2015. What just happened? Where did 2014 go? Television personalities Ryan Seacrest and Jenny McCarthy...
John Locher/AP Photo

Report: Rotor Detached Before Deadly Chopper CrashWelcome to 2015. What just happened? Where did 2014 go? Television personalities Ryan Seacrest and Jenny McCarthy...
John Locher/AP Photo

House Votes on Spending Billhouse votes on spending bill
Lifting US export ban only marginal differencelifting us export ban only marginal difference
Reeve Hamilton and Texas TribuneOregon QB Marcus Mariota stays humble after winning the Heisman Trophy and captivating his home town.
Dec 30, 2014
After 13 years of war in Afghanistan, the president marked the end of the combat mission by thanking troops.
Dec 28, 2014
He faces blowback from Democrats, who accuse him potentially undermining his domestic priority.
Dec 26, 2014
The president made his remarks at a Christmas dinner with troops at a Marine Corps base in Hawaii.
Dec 25, 2014
The Malaysian prime minister is facing public criticism after hitting the links with the president.
Dec 25, 2014
Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak joined the First Foursome on a golf summit of sorts.
Dec 24, 2014
Advocates offer thanks to the president during his vacation for his executive actions on immigration.
Dec 24, 2014
President Obama was finally free of his nemeses in the press, if only for a moment
Dec 24, 2014
Kim Jong Un’s regime denies any role in the Sony hack and demands that the U.S. partner it in an investigation.
Dec 20, 2014
Her letter to the White House comes on the heels of her break with the president on the recent budget deal.
Dec 17, 2014
Load More
About
David Nakamura started at the Washington Post as a summer intern in 1992 and is amazed he once did this job without the Internet, a cell phone, GPS, Wikipedia or a laptop computer. After four years as a sports reporter, he moved to the local news staff and wrote about education in Virginia and Maryland and city government in Washington, D.C. In 2004, he was part of a team that uncovered high levels of lead contamination in D.C. tap water , a series that won the 2005 Selden Ring Award for investigative reporting. He has reported from Afghanistan, Pakistan and Japan.
Most Read

Now humans can have spidey sense tooBy Rachel Feltman December 11, 2014 Follow @rachelfeltman
Scientists have created a spidey sensor. (EPA/Luong Thai Linh)
By mimicking the design of a spider organ, researchers have made a new sensor that's tiny, flexible, and sensitive enough to detect heartbeats and human speech.
The sensor, described Wednesday in the journal Nature , is inspired by an organ called the slit sensilla. These parallel slits, located near the joints of a spider's legs, can detect minute vibrations. When sound waves deform the shape of the slits, a signal goes to the spider's brain so they can sense the movement. In the species Cupiennius salei (known more commonly as the American wandering spider) this organ is an important part of the mating ritual: Males rustle leaves to get their mates' attention, and females detect the scratching using their slit sensilla.
This new sensor, which its developers hope can be used to detect speech and heart rates on wearable electronic devices, isn't quite as sensitive as the real thing. But it's designed with spiders in mind. From Live Science :
The new sensor consists of a platinum film on top of a soft polymer, with cracks in it, according to Mansoo Choi, a mechanical engineer from Seoul National University in Korea, and his colleagues. They call it the "‘nanoscale crack sensor."
Vibrations cause the cracks to stretch or compress, which changes the resistance of an electrical circuit.
Without vibrations, the platinum film lies flat, closing all the cracks. This keeps electrical currents running through the film. Vibration stretches the film, lifting the cracks open and blocking more and more of the electrical current. These signals can be interpreted in much the same way that the spider's organ motions can be interpreted by its brain.
In tests , the sensor was able to accurately record every note of a song played on violin, as well as simple words. The next step is remaking the sensor with cheaper materials like copper or aluminum instead of platinum. Science Magazine reports that the researchers hope to have it on the market -- doing the ear work for your Fitbits and smart watches -- within the next five years.
 

G Indira Reddy resigns from GVK PIL boardG Indira Reddy resigns from GVK PIL board
ECB liquidity auction falls shortECB’s liquidity auction falls short of expectations
Claire Jones in Frankfurt
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/28c6ebaa-811d-11e4-896c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

WSJ: Amazon To Experiment With 1-Hour Bike Messenger DeliveryAmazon To Experiment With 1-Hour Bike Messenger Delivery: WSJ
Reuters
Dec 8 (Reuters) - E-commerce giant Amazon.com Inc   plans to experiment with bike messengers to offer deliveries in  New York City within an hour, the Wall Street Journal reported,  citing a source familiar with the matter.
The company was not immediately available for comment.
The superfast service, dubbed "Amazon Prime Now," attempts  to replicate shopping in a physical store by delivering some  items in an hour or two, the WSJ report said. (http://on.wsj.com/1qmehHu)
Amazon has been experimenting with three different courier  services to pick the fastest and the most careful for its  deliveries, the report cited the source as saying.
The bike messengers are paid around $15 an hour and work in  eight hour shifts, the Journal reported.
Amazon will use its West 34th Street location as a base for  the bike messengers. The company has built a lounge there with  facilities including foosball, pool and airhockey tables, for  messengers waiting between deliveries, the Journal added.     (Reporting by Anya George Tharakan and Yashaswini Swamynathan  in Bengaluru; Editing by Joyjeet Das)
More:

Portland Sues To Shut Down Uber In CityPortland Sues To Shut Down Uber In City
 |  By                                                                      By STEVEN DUBOIS
Updated:
09/12/2014 19:29 IST
The Uber Technologies Inc. logo is displayed on the window of a vehicle after dropping off a passenger at Ronald Reagan National Airport (DCA) in Washington, D.C., U.S., on Wednesday, Nov. 26, 2014. | Bloomberg via Getty Images
Comment
PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) — Portland leaders are trying to make Uber's stay a short one.
The city sued the online ridesharing business Monday, asking a judge to order the San Francisco-based company to cease operations here.
Uber launched its ride-sharing app in Portland at 5 p.m. Friday. Demand was reportedly high and the new competition appeared to trigger a weekend uptick in the number of traditional taxis in and around downtown.
Uber spokeswoman Eva Behrend said in a statement that nearly 7,000 Portlanders signed a petition in support of Uber in four hours Monday.
"Uber continues to operate and looks forward to meeting the tremendous demand that we have already seen in just three days since launching in the Rose City," she said.
The ride-sharing company has run up against taxi regulations in many other cities, where sometimes its operations have been accommodated.
Uber has said it isn't bound by rules governing traditional taxi companies. Uber's drivers are independent contractors, and the company takes a cut of fares.
In Oregon, Uber began operating in Salem and Eugene last summer and in Portland suburbs this fall.
When it launched in Portland last week, City Commissioner Steve Novick threatened to "throw the book" at the company for violating rides-for-hire regulations.
Uber drivers accepted and then canceled two rides requested by Portland Bureau of Transportation enforcement officials Friday night. The following night, drivers provided three rides to code enforcers, the city said.
The Transportation Bureau issued two civil penalties to Uber on Monday, one for operating without a company permit and another for operating without a vehicle permit.
"If Uber thinks there should be no maximum price on what they charge Portlanders, they should make their case to the Portland City Council," Novick said Monday. "If Uber thinks taxi companies shouldn't have to serve people with disabilities, they should make their case. If Uber thinks taxis should not have to have proper insurance in case of a crash, they should tell us why we should allow that."
In a separate action, a city attorney sent a letter telling Uber to stop using an image of the well-known "Portland, Oregon," sign in its advertising.
___
Follow Steven DuBois at http://www.twitter.com/pdxdub .
More:

Fall in CIL  ONGC  NHPC shares doesnot signal waning investor interest: FMComments
Finance minister Arun Jaitley on Tuesday said the recent fall in share prices of the three state-owned public sector units — Coal India, ONGC and NHPC — ahead of the government’s stake sale in these companies should not be seen as waning investor enthusiasm towards these stocks.
“As a general phenomenon, other things remaining the same, when the supply of any stock in the market increases, there is a run-down on the stock price. Disinvestment increases the quantity of CPSE stocks in the market. Therefore, the recent fall in share prices of Coal India, ONGC and NHPC is nothing unusual and does not show any diminished appetite for these stocks,” Jaitley said.
India kicked off its ambitious disinvestment plans last week, with investors bidding for twice the number of shares on sale to divest the government’s 5% stake in Steel Authority of India Ltd, yielding `1,715 crore for the exchequer.
The Centre plans to sell 5% stake in ONGC, India’s biggest energy explorer, 10% in CIL, the world’s biggest coal miner, and 11.36% in power producer NHPC, by the end of January.
Labour unions are strongly opposed to the CIL stake sale, which could upset these plans, while ONGC wants the subsidy-sharing formula to be fixed before divesting government equity.
The success of this fundraising programme is crucial to contain the fiscal deficit —a measure of how much the government borrows to fund its expenses — within the budgeted 4.1% of GDP in 2014-15.

Zydus Cadila launches first cheaper copy of world s top-selling drugComments
Drug firm Zydus Cadila on Tuesday launched biosimilar of Adalimumab, used for treatment of auto immune disorders, at a price much lower than the innovator drug in India.
Developed by Zydus Research Centre, the biosimilar has been approved by the Drug Controller General of India and will be marketed under the brand name 'Exemptia' at a cost that will be one-fifth of the innovator product Humira by AbbVie.
The company has got approval for the product for four areas at present -- rheumatoid arthritis, juvenile idiopathic arthritis, psoriatic arthritis and ankylosing spondylitis.
"The cost of the innovator product by AbbVie is $1,000 per vial. Our Exemptia will be available at one-fifth of its cost in India. It is the first biosimilar of Adalimumab," Zydus Cadila deputy managing director Sharvil P Patel told PTI.
The company is also looking for approvals for three large indications -  Crohn's disease, ulcerative colitis and plaque psoriasis, he added.
When asked about the global sales of Adalimumab, Patel said: "The sales were around $12 billion worldwide."
Though the innovator drug is under patent protection but the therapy was not available to patients in India.
"This therapy will offer a new lease of life to millions in India who did not have access to it so far. We are happy to offer them hope, freedom from pain and better quality of life through Exemptia," Patel said.
Nearly 12 million people suffer from auto immune disorders in India, out of which 10 million suffer from rheumatoid arthritis, he added.
On being asked about revenues that the company is targeting from sales of Exemptia, Patel said: "We are looking at sales of Rs. 100-150 crore in three to five years."
The company is also looking at marketing its product globally, he added.
Biosimilars are biological products that are similar or highly similar to the originator products and have similar level of efficacy and safety.
Zydus Cadila currently employs over 16,000 people across the world and is targeting to achieve sales of over Rs. 10,000 crore by 2015.

For scholarships  kids may need bank accountsFor scholarships, kids may need bank accounts
Mahua Venkatesh , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 09, 2014
First Published: 22:55 IST(9/12/2014) | Last Updated: 23:06 IST(9/12/2014)
Taking the direct transfer of benefit to another level, the government is planning to make it mandatory for all children who apply for government scholarships after passing their class X exams to have savings accounts with public sector banks.
Until Class 8, scholarship amounts would be directed to parents’ accounts.
The move is intended to help children get into the habit of savings from an early age while boosting the overall savings in India. It will also help to bring more people into the formal banking system.
“Students in the age group of 14 to 15 years need to mandatorily have independent bank accounts if they want scholarships…this will also plug loopholes,” said a senior government official.
“The RBI allows minors who are 10 years and above to open bank accounts and this move would will familiarise children with the basics of financial handling,”said  a public sector bank chairman who did not wish to be identified.
In most cases, scholarships would be granted to those with annual family income not exceeding Rs. 2.50 lakh per annum. Scholarships would also be reserved for girl children of each minority community in a state.
“It is a welcome move as this will instil the habit of savings early in children. Banks would also look at providing RuPay cards to these account holders,” TM Basin, chairman, Indian Banks Association said.
The NDA government has set a target for public sector banks to open 100 million savings accounts under the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana by January 26, 2015, to promote financial inclusion.

RIL to take Only Vimal overseas  sells 49% in textile biz to Chinese coRIL to take ‘Only Vimal’ overseas, sells 49% in textile biz to Chinese co
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 09, 2014
First Published: 23:08 IST(9/12/2014) | Last Updated: 23:13 IST(9/12/2014)
Comments
Remember the iconic brand, “Only Vimal”, which became a household name during the 1980s and resonated as a jingle for years? Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL) chairman Mukesh Ambani is now planning to expand his textiles business.
The Rs. 4.5 lakh-crore RIL, India’s largest private sector company, on Tuesday announced the sale of a 49% stake in its textiles business that includes the iconic brand “Only Vimal” to the $3 billion (Rs 18,000-crore) Ruyi, a leading Chinese textiles company, for an undisclosed amouunt. RIL will retain a majority stake of 51% in the textiles business.
“RIL and Shandong Ruyi Science and Technology Group Co. Ltd, China (Ruyi) through its wholly owned subsidiary, have executed definitive agreements for a joint venture in textiles and as per which RIL will transfer its existing textile business into a newly incorporated company (joint venture), for which RIL will receive cash consideration… The proposed transaction is subject to obtaining requisite approvals,” RIL said in a statement.
Ruyi Group operates in India under the “Georgia Gullini” brand in the worsted suitings segment. “The JV will benefit from the strength of the ‘Vimal’ and ‘Georgia Gullini’ brands and plans to introduce some of the well-known global brands of Ruyi,” the statement said.
“Our JV with Ruyi Group will help Reliance reposition its textiles business on a high-growth path. Our partner’s deep commitment and global reach in the textiles business will enable this JV to harness the growth potential of the Indian market and emerge as a global player,” said Nikhil R. Meswani, executive director, RIL.
RIL’s textiles business includes a factory at Naroda near Ahmedabad and was the first industrial business of the undivided Reliance Industries under the group’s founder and Mukesh and Anil Ambani’s father late Dhirubhai Ambani.
While RIL’s annual report does not disclose income or other financials of its textiles business, sources said the business does not contribute a significant share in RIL’s turnover.
Ruyi, with revenues in excess of $3 billion, has a global presence in the US, Europe, Japan, Australia, New Zealand and China. Ruyi has a portfolio of world renowned brands such as “Taylor & Lodge”, “Harris Tweed”, “Royal Ruyi China”, “Nogara Italy” and “Indios Italy”. 
“With closer economic relations between China and India and Shandong Ruyi Group’s expanding global presence, we see our joint venture with Reliance as a significant event”, said Qiu Yafu, chairman, Shandong Ruyi Group.

What Do Ebola  ISIS  the Empire State Building  Skipping School  and $260 Billion All Have in CommonComment
How about a hint.
In the areas of West Africa hardest hit by Ebola, access to clean water and sanitation is the exception, not the norm.  At-risk communities are susceptible to outbreak in part because they cannot properly wash their hands and lack adequate means to manage human waste.
OK. A few more.
Between 2006 and 2011, up to 60 percent of Syria experienced one of the worst long-term droughts in modern history, causing a mass rural-to-urban migration of unemployed, disenfranchised farmers.  A complete failure by the Assad regime to mitigate the drought's impact on this population significantly contributed to the initial uprisings in Daraa that now plague the entire country and provided the foothold ISIS needed to recruit and grow their ranks.
Today, women and girls will spend over 140 million hours trying to get water -- often dirty -- for their families.  Their average travel distance is 6 kilometers a day, half of that walked with 40-pound jerry cans on their backs. That's time not spent working on income-generating jobs, caring for family members, or securing an education, and enough lost working hours to build 28 Empire State Buildings every day.
Dirty water disproportionately impacts children. Over 500,000 children die needlessly every year from diarrhea caused by unsafe water and poor sanitation. Sadly, even those children who are lucky enough to survive are left with mental and physical deficits that will disadvantage them their entire lives. Evidence suggests that permanent stunting occurs in children whose bodies fail to absorb nutrients from the foods they eat due to disease caused by lack of adequate sanitation. The loss of 443 million school days each year due to water-related illness limits the potential of these young minds.
The lack of adequate sanitation is a huge drag on economies at a national level as well.  According to the World Health Organization, the total global economic losses associated with inadequate water supply and sanitation are estimated to be $260 billion annually.
What joins all of these things? What matters to every living being on this planet? The answer is obvious. Water. The question is almost unfair because, for most in the U.S., water and sanitation are always readily available.  The closest we usually come to living without immediate access is by choice, on a camping trip for example, or the rare incident that requires us to boil our tap water.
For 748 million people around the world however, accessing clean drinking water is a daily struggle, a matter of life and death, and a burden borne disproportionally by women and girls.  Another 2.5 billion people live without access to adequate sanitation, such as latrines or hand washing facilities, which leads to 842,000 premature deaths each year.
These are more than jarring statistics that tug at our heartstrings. They are emblematic of a looming water crisis that will directly impact us all.  Over the last half century, the global population has more than doubled, and with it the demand for water has skyrocketed, but the amount of usable freshwater on our planet is shrinking as we continue to pump out our groundwater faster than its replenished, and irreversibly pollute due in part to over-fertilization and poor sanitation infrastructure.
There are over 260 river basins that cross at least one international border and sharing this finite resource will become increasingly contentious.  The U.S. can't afford to sit on the sidelines and operate without a plan.  That's why Congress must pass the bipartisan Paul Simon Water for the World Act of 2014 before it adjourns for the year.
Once made law, the legislation would require both the United States Agency for International Development and the Department of State to jointly create a Global Water Strategy, detailing how the U.S. intends to increase access to safe water, sanitation, and hygiene in high priority countries; improve management of water resources and watersheds in such countries; and work to prevent and resolve, to the greatest degree possible, both intra- and trans-boundary conflicts over water resources.
The answer is water. The question is whether the Senate will stand up and do the right thing for women and children, national security, and a brighter global future.
More:

SpiceJet woes leave thousands in the lurchSpiceJet woes leave thousands in the lurch
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 09, 2014
First Published: 19:58 IST(9/12/2014) | Last Updated: 12:04 IST(10/12/2014)
Comments
In what could be their worst nightmare during holiday season, passengers of the 1,861 flights cancelled by SpiceJet are either unpacking their bags or are staring at soaring flight rates of competitors, unable to zero in on a wallet-friendly fall-back option.
On my flights yesterday and today and at the two airports, was heartened by the warmth and caring that characterize SpiceJet staff (2/2)
— Sanjiv Kapoor (@SKapoorSpiceJet) December 9, 2014
Though the company will make full refunds to fliers, those who had to catch immediate flights could end up buying tickets from other flight operators at more than four times the rate at which they bought them from SpiceJet.
Sample the situation in Indore. Against a refund of Rs. 3,500 for the economy-class ticket booked in advance, the spot fare in Jet Airways’ Tuesday evening flight for Delhi was upwards of Rs. 15,500. Similarly, the fare for Wednesday’s Indore-Delhi flight was Rs. 6,734 for tickets booked a day in advance.
18000rs for a ticket to Belgaum. Just because spice jet has monopoly
— Akkshye Tulsyan (@AkkshyeTulsyan) December 10, 2014
no email, no msg, no validation for a refund. Just a call to say my #spicejet flight is canned! Flyers like these deserve to shutdown.
— Suranjana Nandi (@suranjananandi) December 9, 2014
@flyspicejet I used your offer to book in Sep and travel from Jan 15 to Oct 15...now I am scared with mass cancellation.M flying in Feb
— Tejas Modi (@tejasjmodi) December 9, 2014
The cash-strapped budget carrier had on Monday cancelled a total of 1,861 flights, a few to Kathmandu in Nepal and all others connecting domestic cities, till December 31. It also slashed the number of daily flights across the country to 275 from 340.
Of the states, the worst hit is probably landlocked Tripura which is highly dependent on flights for travel, particularly to Kolkata and Delhi.
The flight cancellations came after civil aviation minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju flagged his deep concern over the airline's financial health, saying SpiceJet "is giving us heart attacks".
Even with as many as 3.3 billion passengers expected to take to India's skies by the end of 2014, according to the International Air Transport Association, SpiceJet — the country's second-largest carrier by passenger share — is struggling to stay aloft.
The no-frills airline had reported its fifth straight quarter of net losses for the July-September period at Rs. 310 crore, though it managed to gradually decrease losses.
SpiceJet laid out a recovery plan two months ago that involved using fewer and newer planes.
The company's shares surged nearly two weeks ago when Indian billionaire investor Rakesh Jhunjhunwala, whose stock picks are closely watched, bought 7.5-million shares or a 1.4% stake in the company. But the shares have since fallen back and are down some 80% from a 2007 peak.
SpiceJet has said repeatedly it is in talks with investors about a capital injection but no white knight has yet emerged.
Meanwhile, Airports Authority of India has reportedly put SpiceJet on cash-and-carry mode. It means the flight operator will have to pay money in advance for every landing and departure while other airlines have a one-month credit facility.
The cancellation of one flight results in a loss of around Rs. 1,00,000 to AAI, the landing charge being Rs. 30,000 per craft. As of now, the airline owes AAI around Rs. 200 crore.
India has a congested airline market where fare competition is fierce and operating costs are high, and all but one of its big four carriers are operating in the red.
Spicejet's troubles have stirred memories of the failure of liquor tycoon Vijay Mallya's Kingfisher Airlines, which stopped flying in 2012 after running up huge debts.
(With AFP inputs)

Insurance stocks down on profit-booking; all in redMax India, Exide, RCap slip on profit booking after smart rally in December
Dec 11, 2014, 03.21PM IST
Tags:
Angel Broking
(Shares of cos related to…)
NEW DELHI: Shares of companies related to insurance business came under pressure on Thursday, a day after the Cabinet approved the insurance amendment bill with a composite foreign investment cap of 49 per cent for presenting it in Parliament, incorporating the changes suggested by a House panel.
Insurance related companies have rallied up to 14 per cent in the month of December ahead of the Cabinet meet. Max India rose as much as 10 per cent, while Bajaj Finserve rallied as much as 14 per cent so far in the month of December.
Exide Industries rose 5.4 per cent, while Reliance Capital surged nearly 3 per cent in the same period.
The Rajya Sabha is likely to take up the Bill for consideration and passage next week.
At present only 26 per cent FDI is allowed in private sector insurance companies. The hike in foreign investment limit is estimated to attract about Rs 25,000 crore of overseas funds in the sector.
"The likelihood of insurance bill being passed is high now especially after the select committee tabled its report is not really a game changer when it comes to real economy. However, it is a significant event considering that it is the first important long pending reform legislation that this government is likely to pass," says P Phani Sekhar, Fund Manager-PMS, Angel Broking .
"This (bill) is more important for unlocking valuations because for the last five to six years the valuations of many of these groups have been suppressed now, it is a game changer from that point of view," he adds.
Sekhar is of the view that valuations of say a Bajaj or a ICICI Bank or a Max or an HDFC for that matter will have a better benchmark as far as the insurance pie is concerned - to that extent there might be some rerating beyond that I do not see how it will change things around quickly in the real economy.
Sanjiv Bajaj , MD, Bajaj Finserv in an interview to ET Now said the Insurance Bill provisions allow smoother working of industry. Composite foreign capital hiked to 49 per cent is a positive for the sector allow more flexibility to insurers.
It will be a positive for the insurance space over the long term. Foreign partner in insurance companies may hike stake depending on final norms, he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

TVS Motors: Scooters to drive earnings trajectoryTVS Motors: Scooters to drive earnings trajectory
Malini Bhupta | 11 December Dec 11, 2014 09:36 PM IST
TVS Motor’s sales in November may have been below estimates at 220,046 units but analysts remain bullish on the stock. According to Motilal Oswal Securities, the company is expected to exit FY15 with 33 per cent volume growth. Broadly, the market expects its volume growth to be ahead of Bajaj and Hero MotoCorp’s.
A large part of this is expected to be driven by the scooters segment, which grew 62 per cent over a year in November to 62,223 units, thanks to robust demand for the Jupiter and Scooty Zest (110cc variant). Also, the launch of Star City Plus is expected to give a boost to motorcycle volumes, which grew by 40 per cent y-o-y to 86,424 units.
Scooters are expected to drive growth in the coming years for TVS Motor, believe experts. There is a clear shift in the two-wheeler market, where the share of scooters is moving up among overall volume. From 14 per cent of total volumes in FY10, scooters now account for 24 per cent of volumes. This is expected to go up to 30 per cent, believe analysts. TVS has the highest exposure to scooters at 26 per cent of total volume.
Goldman Sachs expects this to touch 35 per cent in FY18. Among rivals, Bajaj Auto does not have scooters as part of its portfolio and their account for only 10 per cent of Hero’s volumes. Goldman Sachs believes TVS is also doing several things to plug product gaps in its portfolio. The re-launch of Victor suggests the company is looking at building traction in the executive segment, where its presence is negligible. Also, TVS intends to roll out the high-end Apache from its alliance with BMW in the second half of FY15.
Two other factors make TVS an interesting investment proposition. First, the margins could rise, as the share of scooters, a high margin segment, continue to rise in its overall portfolio. With this and higher operating leverage, margins are expected to rise four percentage points to 10 per cent by FY18. Exports have been growing in double-digit this year, which should sustain, believe analysts. With earnings growth revving up on strong revenue growth, analysts expect return on equity to double to 40 per cent. The stock trades at 15.7 times FY16 and 12.6 times FY17 earnings, relatively more attractive than peers.

Godse  honoured   Cong calls it disgrace  govt denies eventUproar in Rayja Sabha over eulogising Godse
HT Correspondents , Hindustan Times  New Delhi/ Pune, December 11, 2014
First Published: 14:22 IST(11/12/2014) | Last Updated: 02:05 IST(12/12/2014)
Comments
Opposition members created an uproar in Rajya Sabha on Thursday against the eulogising of Mahatma Gandhi killer Nathuram Godse at a November 15 function in Maharashtra.
Opposition MPs engaged in a verbal duel with treasury benches, leading to two adjournments. Earlier in the day, BJP MP from Unnao, Sakshi Maharaj, triggered a controversy by calling Godse a patriot. Later, he withdrew his words saying he did not mean it the way it had been interpreted.
Congress leader Husain Dalwai raised the matter in the Rajya Sabha during Zero Hour saying he has already written to Maharashtra CM about the event. He accused certain right wing organisation of holding such programmes and creating communal tension through religious conversions. “These people talk of development, but are trying to create a rift in the society,” he said.
Parliamentary affairs minister Venkaiah Naidu said, “There is no question of eulogising such a person. We should leave the matter there, but defaming an organisation is not acceptable.”
Godse’s kin speaks
Accusing Congress of raising the issue of Nathuram Godse out of ‘political frustration’ Himani Savarkar, a descendent of Godse, said that no outsider was present at the “family function” — held to mark Godse’s birthday on November 15.
Savarkar is the daughter of Gopal Godse, Nathuram’s brother. “It was Congress which banned the release of his testament before the court. Is it not suppression?  My father published Nathuram’s statement with court permission. How will the Congress justify this?” she said, adding that the Congress had raised the topic out of desperation.
“Why did Congress not take any action when it was in power? We are doing it for past 64 years. What is wrong if somebody is thinking of Akhand Bharat?” she asked.

NCP to lodge no confidence motion against councilchairmanBy: Express News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: December 11, 2014 9:10 pm
The state NCP chief Sunil Tatkare on Thursday said they have decided to bring a no confidence motion against chairman of the state legislative council following his failure to declare Dhananjay Munde as the opposition leader in state council.
The NCP has written a letter to the presiding officer in state legislature council expressing lack of confidence in the present chairman of the council. The NCP leaders said, “We have already given
the name of Dhananjay Munde as opposition leader in council. Why is chairman not accepting?”
The Congress has withheld the decision in council, as it wants NCP to first give consent to their senior leader Radhakrishna Vikhe Patil consent as opposition leader in state legislature assembly. However, NCP has refused arguing they want Ajit Pawar as opposition leader in assembly as well.

SEBI now empowered to deal with ponzi menace: U K SinhaRaghuram Rajan
(Sinha said after govt…)
KOLKATA: Chairman of Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) U K Sinha today said it is now empowered to deal effectively with the ponzi menace.
"The government in July had amended the SEBI Act which will help SEBI to deal with ponzi firms now," Sinha told PTI after the Financial Stability and Development Council (FSDC) meet here.
He said after the government issued three rounds of Ordinance to amend the SEBI Act, the regulator had got powers to carry out search and seizure operations and conduct direct recovery.
Sinha said SEBI, the capital market regulator, would also have the power to consider by way of a legal presumption of money collected beyond Rs 100 crore as a collective investment scheme (CIS).
"This is irrespective of whether the money is collected by insurance companies, chit funds or nidhi companies", Sinha said.
He said these provisions would definitely help in dealing with the ponzi menace, which had surfaced recently.
Meanwhile, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan said at a press conference here today that subsequent to some ponzi schemes, there was a feeling that some of these fell in the regulatory gaps.
The state level coordination committees have been asked to meet frequently, at least four times a year, to review the situation in this regard, Rajan added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Are You a Bold or Blunt Communicatorreddit
"I just call it like I see it."  "I'm not a touchy-feely person." "I don't beat around the bush; I just let the chips fall where they may." Such comments frequently escape from the lips of sharp-shooters, who haven't learned the difference between direct communication and bluntness.
Direct doesn't mean down and dirty. Effective leaders never confuse bold,   straightforward communication with bluntness.
Bold communication may involve breaking bad news on sensitive issues that might have high payoff value if the discussion is handled well and proves productive.
Bluntness, on the other hand, is careless communication.
Five criteria separate the bold from blunt communicators:
Preparation: Bold communicators typically plan for the sensitive conversations and meetings. Blunt communicators just "pop off"--and then regret it.
Timing: Bold communicators consider the best time--both emotional time and physical time--to bring up a sensitive topic. For example, they don't ask for a raise two weeks after a restructure. They don't schedule a negative performance feedback session with an employee two days after the employee's spouse has asked for a divorce.
Tone: Attitude comes through in tone of voice--whether writing, speaking, or facilitating a team discussion. Bold communicators get their emotions under control before attempting to communicate bad news, directives, or preferences to others. Blunt communicators, on the other hand, allow their sour attitude to intensify otherwise neutral words and turn them into negatives.
Phrasing: Bold communicators select their persuasive words carefully. Blunt communicators let words just roll off the tongue with little or no thought.  Their careless words may help or hinder the speaker's cause.
Outcome: Bold communicators tend to have a goal in mind and a strategy to get there.  Blunt communicators let their tongue control them.  What they say is what they get--and often what they don't want:  defiance, disengagement, disrespect, and disapproval.
Bluntness reveals hostility. Boldness conveys hope.  Bluntness shuts down dialogue. Boldness opens conversation. Bluntness sabotages resolution. Boldness encourages resolution.
Follow Dianna Booher on Twitter: www.twitter.com/DiannaBooher
More:

Pushed on ghar wapsi  govt calls for laws againstconversionWritten by Rakesh Sinha , Raghvendra Rao | New Delhi |
Posted: December 11, 2014 9:40 pm | Updated: December 12, 2014 10:26 am
 
Under Opposition fire for allowing RSS and its affiliates to push ahead with their conversion and ‘ghar wapsi’ campaigns, the Government told Lok Sabha Thursday it was in favour of anti-conversion laws in all states and at the Centre too.
Opening a three-hour discussion on the issue of religious conversion — it was agreed upon after chaotic scenes in the House over the Agra incident involving the conversion of 57 Muslim families by Bajrang Dal activists — the Opposition mounted a spirited attack which lost steam when one of its own, the Samajwadi Party, broke ranks.
To the merriment of the treasury benches, SP leader Mulayam Singh Yadav, whose son Akhilesh Yadav is heading the government in Uttar Pradesh, repeated what some in the BJP said: “Nothing happened in Agra… will you run this House by reading newspapers?”
Also Read: Agra a blip, RSS to step up ‘ghar wapsi’
Later, Parliamentary Affairs Minister M Venkaiah Naidu’s remark “I am proud of my RSS background” led to an uproar and the entire Opposition walked out without waiting for him to complete his reply to the discussion. “How can you allow a minister to speak in such a way,” angry Opposition members were heard telling the Speaker.
In his reply, Naidu said: “The RSS is a great organisation of the country. RSS means Ready for Selfless Service. That is RSS. I feel proud that I have an RSS background. It is because of RSS background, discipline, character, calibre, capacity that I have come to this level. We feel proud. Many of us have this background.”
Ignoring the walkout, he continued, “Some people are allergic to the word Hindu… Let there be anti-conversion laws in all states, let there be an anti-conversion law at the Centre… these people (Opposition) go on like a stuck HMV record… let me assure you, the Government will do all it takes to maintain harmony in this country.”
Key leaders on both sides were missing during the discussion — Prime Minister Narendra Modi and senior ministers, barring Venkaiah Naidu and Ananth Kumar, were not present in the House; Congress leaders Sonia Gandhi, Rahul Gandhi, Mallikarjun Kharge too were absent.
Jyotiraditya Scindia of the Congress, who opened the discussion, was repeatedly interrupted by BJP members when he accused the RSS, its Dharm Jagran affiliate and Bajrang Dal of being behind conversion and ‘ghar wapsi’ campaigns.
“Our country is a bouquet of not one kind of flower but many. The fragrance of its many flowers spreads across the world… I am proud to be a Hindu but my religion does not teach me to be narrow-minded, or have a narrow ideology. My dharm continued…

Youtube brings offline viewingserviceBy: PTI |
Posted: December 11, 2014 9:40 pm | Updated: December 11, 2014 9:43 pm
Video sharing website Youtube today launched an offline viewing service to help users download videos they can watch later, to overcome handicaps posed by low bandwidth and high costs of data plans.
Under the service, which went live in India, Indonesia and the Philippines today, a user can click on the special icon on the site when she is either in a wi-fi zone or a place with good data connectivity, and download a video which can be watched later.
The downloaded videos can be watched as many times within 48 hours and the advertiser’s interests have been protected through an innovation wherein the advertisement appears before a playback of the video, like it would for online usage.
The US-based internet advertising giant said a large number of videos are already available and the company is speaking to more content partners to opt for this service.
Once the device connects back to the internet, analytics around the number of times the video was watched will be transfered to the Youtube servers.
It can be noted that already, there are a slew of applications available online which let users download videos to be watched offline, but Google India’s managing director Rajan Anandan stressed that this is illegal and amounts to piracy of content.
About the need for such a service, he said the mobiles growth has resulted in a situation where we have a large user base, which is estimated to touch 300 million by year-end, but India is “starved” for bandwidth while the data plans are also costly, making it tough to watch videos seamlessly.
“There will not be any difficulties around buffering if you use this service,” he added.
At present, Youtube has 60 million users in the country, while on the content front, there are 10,000 Indian films, 20,000 TV shows and 2.5 lakh songs which are available online, the company said.
Anandan said that 58 million of the approximately 300 million internet users are on the low-speed 2G networks and added that a bulk of the new additions are on the mobile, which do not offer the same speed as broadband.
Already, 40 per cent of the traffic on Youtube comes from a mobile device, and hence, there is a need for some alternate solutions, Youtube’s vice president for engineering John Harding said.
On revenue from partnerships, Google India is placed fifth globally and aspires to be among the top three soon, its regional director for partnerships, Ajay Vidyasagar said.
When asked if the telcos should fear a cut in business due to services like these, Anandan said the service will be “additive”, as it will grow the number of video watchers and the revenues of such companies will not be impacted.
On the impending launch of a faster 4G service, and its impact on the service, Anandan exuded confidence that the country will always be “capacity constrained” and there will be a need for such a service.

Pakistani Taliban criticises Malala after recieveing Nobel PeacePrizeBy: Press Trust of India | Islamabad |
Posted: December 11, 2014 9:30 pm
Pakistani Taliban on Thursday criticised Nobel laureate Malala Yoususzai, saying the teenage activist has entered into an agreement with ‘satanic forces’ to promote western culture and destroy Pakistan.
In its first reaction after the 17-year-old peace activist was awarded the Nobel on Wednesday, Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan (TTP) spokesman Mohammad Khurasani said in a statement that the was given to her to “promote western culture and not education.”
He also criticised Malala’s father, Ziauddin, for working against Islam and said he was using his daughter against the religion and Islamic Society.
Khurasani said both the father and the daughter have entered into an agreement with the “western satanic forces” to destroy Pakistan and Pushtun society.
The TTP spokesman lashed at the democratic system and termed it “worse than worst systems ever witnessed by the world.” He said democracy was responsible for all the worries and anxieties faced by the world.
Malala survived a Taliban attack on 2012 for standing up for the right of education to girls in Pakistan.
Malala along with India’s Kailash Satyarthi was jointly awarded the Nobel in Oslo for their work promoting girl education and child rights.

Hit by Nokia shut down  FOXCONN mulling layoff: Trade unionYou are here: Home > Collections > Foxconn
Hit by Nokia shut down, FOXCONN mulling layoff: Trade union
PTI Dec 11, 2014, 09.10PM IST
(Uncertainty looms large…)
CHENNAI: After suspension of production at Nokia's plant near here, an employee union fears lay-offs or production halt by the handset maker's major supplier FOXCONN.
Uncertainty looms large over the future of the employees of the FOXCONN's plant at Sriperumpudur as there may be lay- offs or suspension of production following poor business, CITU Sriperumpudur Unit's General Secretary R Kannan said.
The Centre for Indian Trade Union (CITU) was recently recognised as the employee union at FOXCONN.
Revenue from the FOXCONN facility here has dwindled following the suspension of production at Nokia plant in Sriperumpudur last month, Kannan said.
"About 70 per cent of our products were supplied to Nokia. Remaining 30 per cent we were exporting to China and Vietnam. Now, they say the sales has been declined and there was no business..", the official told.
When contacted, a Tamil Nadu Government official said not only FOXCONN but several ancillary units that have been supplying parts to Nokia also had seen impact on their revenue.
FOXCONN officials could not be reached for comments. "Already 3000 people were offered Voluntary Retirement two years ago. The employee strength which was once around 6,000 has come to 2,500. And now there are only 1,306 permanent employees working at the facility," Kannan said.
"When the plant became operational, the unit was producing parts and other electronic equipment for Sony and Motorola. But after that project was over, we were doing it for Nokia and to Nokia Siemens Network. Now they are saying that due to poor revenue, they will be suspending production", the official said.
CITU General Secretary and MLA A Sounderrajan said the Government should come forward and save the lives of employees.
"Already people have lost jobs after Nokia exit from Tamil Nadu, that should not happen again. The state governments should come forward and revive the facility," he said.
The government official said several ancillary units that were supplying to Nokia had taken a hit in their business.
"For Foxconn, it looks like the company may downsize some of the employees as one of the two units is inside the Nokia Special Economic Zone unit while the other is under SIPCOT land", the government official who did not want to be named told PTI.
"We expect that there could be problem in the operation of one unit which is present at Nokia SEZ. We have contacted the management. We are yet to get a clear picture," the official said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Agra conversion row: Govt offers law; radicals unfazedComments
The government offered to bring a law on religious conversion amid opposition pressure in Parliament on Thursday over the Agra controversy and tension in Aligarh and other sensitive areas where hard-line Hindu groups were aggressively pushing ahead their “reconversion” programmes.
Noor Mohammad, one of the people who alleged that the two Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh offshoots had lured them into a programme to collect BPL and ration cards. (HT photo)
“The government is ready to discuss and build a consensus on having a legislation on (religious) conversion,” parliamentary affairs minister M Venkaiah Naidu said in the Lok Sabha after Opposition MPs shouted slogans demanding a debate and an adjournment motion on the Agra incident in which 57 poor Muslim families were apparently tricked to switch to Hinduism at a camp hosted by the Dharam Jagaran Samiti and the Bajrang Dal.
The Opposition also demanded an adjournment motion, saying incidents like the one in Agra could ignite riots. “They (organisers of religious conversions) are bringing the country a bad name and sowing seeds of poison,” said Congress leader Mallikarjun Kharge.
When Parliament was debating the situation arising out of the Agra incident, an explosive letter surfaced in Agra in which Dharam Jagran Samiti leader Rajeshwer Singh has outlined the target, expenditure and achievement of his organisation to its cadre.
Setting a goal of 50 events this year to convert 100,000 Muslims and Christians, the letter seeks donations to go ahead with its proposed programmes, called ghar wapsi or homecoming ceremonies.
It calls for help from each volunteer to at least fund one event, saying Rs. 5 lakh is required to “reconvert” a Muslim while expenses on problems related to a Christian come to Rs. 2 lakh.
The letter says such ceremonies have “brought back” to Hinduism 40,000 people, including 2,000 Muslims, in 20 districts.
In communally-sensitive Aligarh, the Dharam Jagaran Samiti and the VHP announced their plan to “reconvert” 5,000 Christians and 1,000 Muslims at a function on Christmas.
They said Hindus would be appealed to welcome the “reconverted” Muslims and Christians, who had apparently switched faith from Hinduism some time in history.
Firebrand BJP leader Yogi Adityanath, who is the MP for Gorakhpur, and other senior leaders of RSS and VHP offshoots are likely to attend the programme to be held on a college campus.
The Hindu Yuva Vahini that Adityanath had floated, too, has a plan to convert over 2,000 people at a similar programme at Ghazipur in eastern Uttar Pradesh on December 18.
Muslim groups and political parties not aligned with the BJP demanded the governments at the Centre and the state to restrain the radical Hindu outfits .
Security in Aligarh was strengthened to prevent any violence. Senior superintendent of police J Ravindra Gaud promised swift action on any complaint of forced conversion.

Wall Street rallies on data after three-day slumpWall St. lower but finishes year with solid gains
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange in New York
CARLO ALLEGRI,, REUTERS
Financial Markets
U.S. stocks fell on Wednesday as crude oil prices continued their descent, but the S&P closed out a third straight year of double-digit gains.
For the year, the Dow ended up 7.5 percent, notching its sixth straight annual gain, and the Nasdaq rose 13.4 percent. The best-performing S&P component in 2014 was Southwest Airlines Co  up 124.6 percent, while Transocean Ltd , down 62.9 percent, was the worst.
8
Equities lost steam heading into the New Year after rallying nearly 6 percent over eight sessions, sparked by the U.S. Federal Reserve's commitment to be "patient" about raising interest rates and positive economic data.
Still, the S&P 500 has risen in seven of the past ten sessions, hitting a series of intraday and closing records, and finished the year up 11.4 percent. The stock market will be closed Thursday.
"The fact of the matter is markets put in a solid year in spite of significant headwinds that could have easily derailed a multi-year bull market," said Peter Kenny, chief market strategist at Clearpool Group in New York.
@sweikert1 - It's sad that the insurance product takes 15% of one's pay, leave crumbs leftover for most to invest into their 401Ks/IRAs.
Barry3
12
"The most the bears got out of this year was a 10 percent correction on an intraday basis and the markets stubbornly moved higher, and for good foundational reasons."
Gains may be tougher to come by next year, and a pick-up in profits growth may be essential if the market is to continue to add to its historic gains.
Action in the energy space was once again a focus for investors. U.S. crude oil  settled down 85 cents at $53.27 a barrel, its lowest since May 2009. Brent  settled down 57 cents to $57.33.
The S&P Energy index <.SPNY>, easily the worst performing sector of the year with a decline of 10 percent, lost 0.8 percent Wednesday. Diamond Offshore  fell 3.6 percent to $36.71 and Noble Corp  fell 2.8 percent to $16.57.
The CBOE volatility index <.VIX>, which measures the cost of protection against a drop on the S&P 500, surged 20.4 percent, its biggest jump since Dec. 10 and the fourth straight climb. Quarterly options on the S&P 500 expire at the end of the month.
"Part of it may be the quarterly expiration of S&P options but a lot of it has to do with crude being down today," said J.J. Kinahan, chief market strategist at retail brokerage TD Ameritrade Holding Corp.
Traders might be also looking to load up on some protection before they head out for the holiday, Kinahan said.
"We had such a nice year that many people may be looking to buy some protection for a 'just-in-case scenario' for between now and the new year," Kinahan said.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> fell 160 points, or 0.89 percent, to 17,823.07, the S&P 500 <.SPX> lost 21.45 points, or 1.03 percent, to 2,058.9 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> dropped 41.39 points, or 0.87 percent, to 4,736.05.
Volume was light, with about 5.21 billion shares traded on U.S. exchanges, below the 6.95 billion average this month, according to BATS Global Markets.
Decliners outnumbered advancers on the NYSE 2,000 to 1,105, for a 1.81-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,571 issues fell and 1,194 advanced for a 1.32-to-1 ratio favoring decliners.
The S&P 500 posted 37 new 52-week highs and 6 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 126 new highs and 35 new lows.
(Additional reporting by Saqib Ahmed; Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Govt to use tech to improve governance  curb corruption: PMModiBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 11, 2014 10:14 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday said government would effectively use technology to improve governance and check the menace of corruption.
In his interaction with US-based economists, the Prime Minister underlined the need for “injecting technology” into government processes and decision-making.
These initiatives, he added, would also provide the best possible solution to the problem of corruption.
Corruption, it may be mentioned, was one of the major election planks during the polls earlier this year which saw emergence of BJP as the majority party at the Centre.
Talking to the US economists, the Prime Minister said his government would accord “topmost priority” to skill development and job creation.
All government policies would be youth-centric as 65 per cent of India’s population is below the age of 35, said an official release quoting the Prime Minister.
He said the government’s focus on infrastructure and ‘Digital India’ would boost employment opportunities even in rural areas.
India’s federal structure should be viewed as a “development mechanism” rather than just a “constitutional arrangement,” Modi said, adding that he would endeavour to build “Team India” through a partnership with all state Chief Ministers and by encouraging and facilitating states to take initiatives for economic growth.
Stating that a person, who is unhealthy cannot derive any benefit from exercise, the Prime Minister said in the first six months his government focused on making India healthy once again.
He further said the success of the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana, which was for the benefit of the poor, had boosted the confidence of the government.
Speaking on the occasion, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley gave an overview of the various decisions taken by the government in the last six months in the economic sphere.
The Minister said there was a mood of optimism and expectation from the new Government, and the process of pragmatic and realistic decision-making was giving results.

Asus launches Republic of Gamers G series gaming laptop at Rs82 999By: Tech Desk | New Delhi |
Posted: December 11, 2014 10:02 pm
Asus has launched its Republic of Gamers (ROG) G series G551 gaming laptop. Priced at Rs 82, 999, the new G Series system comes with up to Intel Core i7 processors and NVIDIA GeForce GTX graphics. The laptop features a wide-angle IPS display, and provide gamers with Full HD visuals. There’s also 4K/UHD-ready TrinityDisplay output. TrinityDisplay technology enables users to hook their G Series up to three other external displays via HDMI 1.4 or Mini DisplayPort 1.
Armed with SonicMaster Premium and ROG AudioWizard, it offers five easy-to-use preset modes. G Series laptops also comes with a headphone amplifier
Aesthetically, the G Series exudes sportsng a matte-black brushed-aluminum finish, red diamond-cut edges and an illuminated ROG logo on the lid. In keeping with the ROG theme, the G Series has a one-piece chiclet keyboard and specially-marked WASD keys for easy navigation and gameplay. The backlit keys glow red to make it easy for gamers to read keys in dim environments.
G551JK will be available at Asus exclusive stores, retail stores and Flipkart.com.
Specs:

Army vs. Navy football spirit videos: The good  the bad and the hilariousBy Dan Lamothe December 11, 2014 Follow @danlamothe
Adm. Jonathan Greenert, right, the chief of naval operations, sports an, um, vintage uniform in a new Army-Navy football game ‘spirit video.’ (YouTube screen grab)
The Army and Navy’s college football teams square off Saturday at M&T Bank Stadium in Baltimore, renewing a rivalry that dates back to 1890 and includes a whole lot of of inter-service trash talk.
Perhaps it’s no surprise, then, that even senior service leaders would get involved in a series of spirited and occasionally ridiculous “spirit videos” ahead of the big game. There are many of them, ranging from the awkward to the hilarious, and the production value on them is frequently high.
Consider this new one, pointed out by Navy Times on Tuesday. It shows the Navy’s top officer, Adm. Jonathan Greenert, wearing a — how shall we put it? — vintage uniform while yelling Internet hashtags with the service’s top enlisted sailor, Master Chief Petty Officer of the Navy Mike Stevens:
There’s a mix of intentional and unintentional comedy there, but it’s hard to knock the effort. It also gets bonus points for having a grumpy cameo from Army Gen. Martin Dempsey, the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
Here are other contenders, found while searching through the hashtags #GoArmyBeatNavy and #GoNavyBeatArmy:
The Ebola mission gets involved
When the United States first sent troops to Liberia to assist in stopping the spread of the Ebola virus, Maj. Gen. Darryl Williams, a former Army football player, was in command. The soldiers found time to shoot a spirit video, even including a Liberian general in the process:
War tubas? Really?
One group of soldiers decided they need to counter Navy’s spirit with… war tubas. No, really.
In which Dan Aykroyd getting involved
Apparently, the famous funnyman is a Navy fan.
Army goes an old route: Questioning manhood
The soldier who stars in this video reminds me a good deal of White Goodman, the villain Ben Stiller plays in the 2004 movie comedy “Dodgeball: A True Underdog Story.” Bonus points awarded for the tiny sailor driving around the Mini Cooper he “got on a loan.”
Navy mocks Army by spoofing Matthew McConaughey
Matthew McConaughey’s Lincoln car commercials have been a source of endless amusement this year, to the point that Jim Carrey did a hilarious send-up of them on “Saturday Night Live.”
This video goes that same route, with a Navy fan pretending to be Rich Ellerson, who was fired as Army’s football coach last year.
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

Switzerland charges black money whistleblower Falciani with data theftSwitzerland charges Falciani with data theft
AP  Geneva, December 11, 2014
First Published: 22:08 IST(11/12/2014) | Last Updated: 01:33 IST(12/12/2014)
Comments
Swiss authorities charged a fugitive banking analyst Thursday with data theft in what is considered to be one of the biggest security breaches in the country's often-secretive banking sector.
The case of Herve Falciani , a former employee of global banking group HSBC, has been making headlines in Europe since he fled Switzerland in 2008. He has been accused of stealing stole information between 2006 and 2007 relating to 24,000 customers of the Swiss division of HSBC.
The Office of the Attorney General of Switzerland says the data theft charges against the French-Italian national involve stolen bank information transmitted to Lebanese banks, the Paris-based National Directorate of Tax Investigations and other foreign authorities.
Account details were sent to former French finance minister, Christine Lagarde, now head of the International Monetary Fund, who passed them on to U.S. and European Union authorities.
Many of HSBC's Swiss clients became exposed to prosecution for tax evasion - and the leak ratcheted up pressure on Switzerland to crack down on foreign tax cheats.
"Sometimes celebrated as a hero abroad, the Franco-Italian national is now to answer for his alleged crimes before a Swiss court," the Swiss attorney general's office said in a statement. "The Swiss Criminal Procedure Code does not exclude the possibility of holding a court trial of the accused person in absentia."
An international arrest warrant went out for Falciani in 2009. He was arrested in Barcelona in July 2012 after he left France by sea. But Spain's National Court ruled against extraditing him, rejecting the charges Swiss authorities wanted to bring.
The court lifted all restrictions against Falciani, allowing him to leave Spain, and said he was cooperating with investigators from several European countries in probes into tax evasion, money-laundering and terrorism financing.

http://usat.ly/16bcagXCongrats if you scooped up these stocks!
By: Matt Krantz December 11, 2014 12:43 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
AP
A three-day slump in stocks — created a big opportunity for brave investors paying attention to scoop up some quick gains.
There are 14 stocks in the broad Russell 1000 index, including medical services provider athenahealth (ATHN), trendy apparel seller Urban Outfitters (URBN) and office supply chain Staples (SPLS) that are up 5% or more Thursday as the market shakes off recent fears on strong retail data .
These powerful jumps are yet another example of how being brave and bold has been a way to win in the stock market. Each time the market runs into trouble — due to some seemingly scary external factor — simply is a chance to make a quick buck. The market is exploding higher Thursday — after suffering that past three days on fears falling oil prices will hurt corporate earnings.
Interestingly, the big winners from the day’s pop are the stocks that were rallying while the rest of the market was suffering. Athenahealth is a big winner, gaining nearly 11%. The stock is now nearly 12% higher than where it was when the market topped recently on Dec. 5.
It’s a similar story for Staples. The stock is up 9.2% Thursday to $16.18 a share, pulling it further ahead of its level on Dec. 5 of $14.38.
The lesson? When others are nervous –you should be looking to capitalize — at least in this market.
RUSSELL 1000 STOCKS UP THE MOST THURSDAY
Company

Oil steadies on U.S. economic data; U.S. crude near $60 supportOil steadies on U.S. economic data; U.S. crude near $60 support
Huge $1.1 tn bill narrowly clears hurdle | Obama supports billYou are here: Home > Collections > Senate
Huge $1.1 trillion spending measure narrowly clears hurdle
AP Dec 12, 2014, 12.12AM IST
Tags:
Barack Obama
(The aim is to approve the…)
WASHINGTON: A $1.1 trillion US government-wide spending bill narrowly cleared a major hurdle Thursday and headed toward a final vote later, despite opposition from tea party Republicans over immigration and Democrats angry over last-minute changes to bank regulations and looser rules on campaign spending.
The 214-212 vote came on a resolution to start debate. Republicans were upset that the measure fails to block President Barack Obama's recent actions on immigration and anger from Democrats over the two provisions they consider poison pills.
The White House put out a statement endorsing the measure.
With lawmakers facing a midnight Thursday deadline to prevent a government shutdown , Congress was also expected to pass a measure to keep the government running for two days. The aim is to approve the longer-term bill before adjourning Friday, though that could slip into the weekend.
Passage later Thursday was in at least some doubt because Democrats, whose votes Republican leaders need to adopt the bill, were furious over provisions that weaken regulations on risky financial instruments called swaps and another that allows wealthy donors to flood political parties with campaign cash. The two items, neither of which was disclosed until late in this week's negotiations on the bill, are particularly toxic to Democrats.
Many Democrats tended to focus more on the bad than the good since the 1,603-page bill was released late Tuesday. Large swaths of Republicans praised it for cutting spending for the tax collection agency and the Environmental Protection Agency.
But Democrats won victories, too, and the alternative is to boot the unfinished spending bills into next year, when Republicans will have retaken the Senate and bolstered their numbers in the House. Republicans were cautiously confident that they would get the Democratic votes they need to pass the bill.
The underlying measure funds the day-to-day operations of every agency of government in a year in which such so-called discretionary spending has been frozen at current levels for both domestic agencies and the Pentagon. It's the biggest remaining item on the agenda of the current Congress that hopes to adjourn by week's end.
The compromise bill permits virtually the entire government to operate normally until the fiscal year ends next year on Sept. 30, with the exception of the Homeland Security Department.
Funds for that agency will run out on Feb. 27, when Republicans are expected to try to use the expiration as leverage to force Obama to roll back a decision suspending the threat of deportation for an estimated 4 million immigrants living in the country illegally. The measure adheres to the tight budget caps negotiated previously between the White House and Republicans.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nathuram Godse a  patriot   says BJP MP Sakshi Maharaj  retracts laterDec 11, 2014 at 11:22pm IST
Nathuram Godse a 'patriot', says BJP MP Sakshi Maharaj, retracts later
12
0
New Delhi: BJP MP Sakshi Maharaj on Thursday was at the centre of a controversy when he described Mahatma Gandhi's assassin Nathuram Godse as a "patriot", sparking outrage following which he retracted.
The MP from Unnao said, "Godse was an aggrieved person. He may have done something by mistake but was no an anti- national. He was a patriot."
When his remarks triggered a controversy with demands for action, he retracted saying, "I do not consider him a rashtra bhakta (patriot). I might have said something by mistake."
The MP from Unnao said, "Godse was an aggrieved person. He may have done something by mistake but was no an anti- national. He was a patriot."
#nathuram godse #sakshi maharaj #bjp
Congress Rajya Sabha MP Hussain Dalwai strongly condemned the alleged efforts to "glorify" Godse and demanded arrest of those involved in such exercise.
"A person who has created an example of non-violence in the world and whom we called Father of the Nation was killed by Nathuram Godse," Dalwai said outside Parliament.
"Now some people are observing Nathuram Godse Shourya Diwas on November 15. It is absolutely wrong and government should arrest them. Why is the government silent on the issue?" he asked.
"Gandhi is accepted by people from all walks of lives including workers, peasants, dalit and women. I have written a letter to the state Chief Minister demanding action against these people," he said.
16

CIA Director John Brennan Addresses Torture ReportHELP
[{"id":15048938,"hedshort":"RADAR - Rain and Ice Impacting Parts of the South","description":"","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUweather80F196_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"RADAR - Rain and Ice Impacting Parts of the South","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUweather80F196_16x9_608.jpg"},{"id":20969244,"hedshort":"EXPLORE.ORG: Puppy Hill - Great Dane Service Puppies","description":"Meet the Great Dane puppies being raised at the Service Dog Project. Located in Ipswich, Massachusetts","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/LIVE_VERSIONS_AppleTV_20140815_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"EXPLORE.ORG: Puppy Hill - Great Dane Service Puppies","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/LIVE_VERSIONS_AppleTV_20140815_16x9_608.jpg"}]

Watch Live as CIA Chief Responds to Torture Reportwatch live as cia chief responds to torture report
6.9% CAGR to Take Gas Chromatography Market to $3 605.1 Million by 2019 Says a Latest Research Report Available..What do you think of Realtime News?
Hi Guest
6.9% CAGR to Take Gas Chromatography Market to $3,605.1 Million by 2019 Says a Latest Research Report Available..
DALLAS , Dec. 11, 2014 /PRNewswire-iReach/ -- The gas chromatography market, valued at $2,583.6 million in 2014, is poised to grow at a CAGR of 6.9% from 2014 to 2019 to reach $3,605.1 million by 2019. The gas chromatography reagents market is the ...

These laundry pods are kid-safe  but can theyJonathan Chan
December 11, 2014
Following recent reports that laundry detergent pods may pose a significant safety risk to young children, many concerned parents are searching for safer alternatives. Vaska , a small detergent company from California, has been making non-toxic detergents since 1999, and goes so far as to boast that its product is "so pure, you can drink it."
In addition to liquid detergents, Vaska makes its own pods, called Vaska One (available in Lavender, Scent-free, and Baby varieties). They're out to do two things: clean your clothes, and do it in a safer manner than traditional detergent tablets.
But does the reality match up to the hype?
Soaps–how do they work?
Vaska One is a non-toxic laundry pod [Credit: Vaska] View Larger
As Reviewed.com's laundry expert, I've done a lot of laundry—close to six tons of it—so I know a little bit about detergent.
Detergents in general work thanks to the interaction between three basic components in your washing machine: a "cleaning" molecule, a surfactant , and moving water. Vaska One checks all the requisite boxes with less toxic ingredients than typical name-brand detergents. The top three ingredients in these pods are baking soda, citric acid, and sodium dodecyl sulfate.
Baking soda has long been used as a cleaning agent. It helps scour away stains and softens water. Citric acid helps break stains down, so that one's a no brainier. Finally, there's sodium dodecyl sulfate, a surfactant made from coconut or palm oil. Surfactants decrease the surface tension of water molecules, meaning they don't cling to which lets more dirt slip between them. Essentially, it makes water "wetter."
Vaska One tablets contain baking soda and oxygenated boron, similar to Borax. [Credit: Flickr user "stevenmphoto" (CC BY-NC-ND 2.0)] View Larger
Other ingredients of note include bleach activators (in this case, sodium perborate, an ingredient used in some teeth whitening strips), salt, and what is essentially borax.
Put all of these together and you get something very much like many of the DIY detergents we've tested in the past. In particular, Vaska One is very similar to the DIY detergent from One Good Thing .
Does Vaska clean well?
We can't say for certain without testing it, but we can say that Vaska One contains all the crucial components found in other detergents with far fewer potentially dangerous chemicals. Our own lab testing of similar low-toxicity detergents showed only a marginal loss of cleaning power when compared to more mainstream products.
If you're dealing with seriously nasty stains, you may want to whip out the high-strength Tide and some Oxi-Clean, but for everyday worn clothing, you can expect Vaska One to clean just fine.
Safety in suds
Young children often think detergent pods look like candy. [Credit: Flickr user "rakka" (CC BY-NC-ND 2.0)] View Larger
In its marketing materials, Vaska notes that a common cause of accidental detergent exposure is that name-brand pods look like candy, so children try to tear them open or swallow them.
A study by Nationwide Children's Hospital backs this up, noting that one child per day is hospitalized due to laundry chemical exposure. During 2012–2013, American poison control centers recorded more than 17,000 reports of this kind of incident.
Vaska One pods are designed to look more like uninteresting chalk than sweet treats. And while we're not doctors, we can see as easily as anyone else that the LD50s for this laundry pod's ingredients (the doses at which they are lethal to 50 percent of the population) reveal a more benign cocktail than most detergents.
Vaksa's laundry detergents are available at a variety of online and brick-and-mortar retailers, including Amazon , Babies"R"Us , Soaps.com , and Drugstore.com .
Vaska One Laundry Detergent Tablet, Scent Free, 25 Count
How does this work?
Reviewed.com offers the ability to purchase products through our affiliate programs with retail partners. While we earn a small percentage of the sale, make no mistake that our ethics policy is strongly enforced here, too. You can buy products that have received both positive and negative reviews, because we realize that there's a right product for everyone.
Be in the know! Get Reviewed.com news and reviews straight to your inbox.
Thanks for signing up!

SEC s White:  Narrow view of insider trading lawsec s white:  narrow view of insider trading law
NFL personal conduct policy as bad as I fearedBy David Post December 11, 2014
As I had feared , the NFL’s alternate legal system (aka “ Personal Conduct Policy “) is a bit of a frightful mess. It applies
(a) to pretty much everyone touching the hem of the NFL’s garment:
“to the Commissioner; all owners; all employees of the NFL, NFL clubs, and all NFL-related entities, including players under contract, coaches, game officials; all rookie players selected in the NFL college draft and all undrafted rookie players, unsigned veterans who were under contract in the prior League Year; and other prospective employees once they commence negotiations with a club concerning employment. Clubs and league staff are strongly encouraged to communicate this policy to independent contractors and consultants and to make clear that violations of this policy will be grounds for terminating a business relationship.”
(b) to pretty much all conduct 24/7, whether job-related or not:
“If the league finds that you have engaged in any of the following conduct, you will be subject to discipline. Prohibited conduct includes but is not limited to the following:
Actual or threatened physical violence against another person, including dating violence, domestic violence, child abuse, and other forms of family violence;
Assault and/or battery, including sexual assault or other sex offenses;
Violent or threatening behavior toward another employee or a third party in any workplace setting;
Stalking, harassment, or similar forms of intimidation;
[P]ossession of a gun or other weapon in any workplace setting;
Possession, use, or distribution of steroids or other performance enhancing substances;
Crimes involving cruelty to animals as defined by state or federal law;
Disorderly conduct;
Conduct that poses a genuine danger to the safety and well-being of another person; and
Conduct that undermines or puts at risk the integrity of the NFL, NFL clubs, or NFL personnel.
and (c) whether or not such activity is lawful or unlawful:
“It is not enough simply to avoid being found guilty of a crime. We are all held to a higher standard and must conduct ourselves in a way that is responsible, promotes the values of the NFL, and is lawful. . . . In cases where you are not charged with a crime, or are charged but not convicted, you may still be found to have violated the Policy if the credible evidence establishes that you engaged in conduct prohibited by this Personal Conduct Policy.”
Oh, and everyone subject to the policy (a category that includes secretaries in team offices, drivers of team buses, trainers, team statisticians, employees in the NFL Human Resources Department, . . .) has to “to promptly report any matter that comes to their attention (through, for example, victim or witness reports, law enforcement, media reports) that may constitute a violation of this Policy . . . [and] [f]ailure to report an incident will be grounds for disciplinary action.”
I guess there are those who think the world’s a safer and better place with the NFL looking over the shoulders of thousands of people and ready to discipline them if they misbehave, but I am not among them. If you believe that due process will be observed, and that anyone’s interests other than the NFL’s, will be protected by this policy, I respectfully disagree.  And a world where employers start to “do more” to help stamp out harmful and improper conduct independent of our criminal and civil legal systems does not strike me as an improvement, and those who are heartened to see the NFL “taking action” here will live to regret it.
David Post taught intellectual property and Internet law at Georgetown Law Center and Temple University Law School until his recent retirement. He is the author of "In Search of Jeffersons Moose: Notes on the State of Cyberspace" (Oxford, 2009), a Fellow at the Center for Democracy and Technology, and an Adjunct Scholar at the Cato Institute.

Rupee down 31 paise at 62.33Rupee down 31 paise at 62.33
State govt official sentenced to 3-yr RI by CBI courtState govt official sentenced to 3-yr RI by CBI court
Stagnation fears as ECB auction falls shortECB’s liquidity auction falls short of expectations
Claire Jones in Frankfurt
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/28c6ebaa-811d-11e4-896c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Uber Reportedly Banned In New DelhiUber Banned From Operating In New Delhi After Alleged Rape By Driver
Reuters  |  By                                                                      Malini Menon
reddit
By Malini Menon
NEW DELHI, Dec 8 (Reuters) - U.S. online ride-hailing service Uber has been banned from operating in the Indian capital after a female passenger accused one of its drivers of rape, a case that has reignited a debate about the safety of women in the South Asian nation.
Uber, which had employed the driver even though he had been arrested on allegations of sexual assault three years ago, would be blacklisted from providing any future services in the New Delhi area, the city's transport department said in a statement.
The attack is the latest to draw attention to the dangers faced by women in the world's second-most populous nation. Even after the enactment of new laws imposing stricter penalties and establishing fast-track courts, India is struggling to tame attitudes that leave women vulnerable to harassment and rape.
"Keeping in view the violation and the horrific crime committed by the driver, the transport department has banned all activities relating to providing any transport service by the www.Uber.com," special commissioner Kuldeep Singh Gangar said.
A spokeswoman for Uber said she could not immediately comment.
The arrested driver, Shiv Kumar Yadav, appeared in court on Monday and was remanded in custody for three days. He was arrested on charges of raping a woman three years ago but was later acquitted, police said.
Indian police said they were considering legal action against the taxi service for failing to run background checks on the driver. The company said there were no defined rules in India on background checks for commercial transport licenses and it was working with the government to address the issue.
"What happened over the weekend in New Delhi is horrific," Travis Kalanick, Uber's chief executive officer, said in a statement before the ban. "We will do everything, I repeat, everything to help bring this perpetrator to justice."
Police said the 32-year-old driver dropped the woman home after attacking her and warned her not to inform the authorities. She managed to note the driver's number and take a photograph of his car, they said.
The sexual assault happened two years after the fatal gang rape of another young woman taking public transport in New Delhi. That case led to nationwide protests and forced the government to address demands for heavier sentences for rape.
NIGHT TIME DANGER
India is the fourth-most dangerous place for a woman to take public transport, according to a poll published in October by the Thomson Reuters Foundation. It was ranked second-worst on safety at night and for verbal harassment.
On average, 40 cases of crimes against women are registered daily by Delhi police. This included at least four cases of rape every day, the Minister of State for Home Affairs Haribhai Parthibhai Chaudhary told parliament last week.
Monica Kumar, a clinical psychologist who heads the Delhi-based Manas Foundation, said many taxi drivers were migrants from less-developed areas where patriarchal attitudes remain prevalent and were not accustomed to seeing women out alone late at night or dressed differently.
"The conversations about the changing scenario in cities like Delhi where women are becoming more empowered are just not happening," said Kumar, which runs gender-sensitisation classes for rickshaw drivers.
The criticism of Uber comes at a time when the company has faced critical news coverage over its driver screening in the United States, and has apologized for comments by an executive who suggested "digging up dirt" on journalists investigating the firm.
That has not stopped the San Francisco-based firm from raising investment that values it at $40 billion, reflecting the perceived potential of its expansion into high-growth markets like India. (Additional reporting by Nita Bhalla; Writing By Andrew MacAskill; Editing by Sanjeev Miglani and Nick Macfie)
More:

Left-Handed People Make Less Money Than RightiesComment
It pays to be right-handed.
According to a recent study published in the Journal of Economic Perspectives, lefties make about 10 to 12 percent less annually than righties. The paper, written by Joshua Goodman, an economist at Harvard's Kennedy School, is the first study to document the income gap between right-handed and left-handed people.
Why the gap? It may have something to do with how left-handedness correlates with other attributes. Goodman found that left-handed people "have more emotional and behavioral problems, have more learning disabilities such as dyslexia, complete less schooling, and work in occupations requiring less cognitive skill."
One interesting exception, however, is that lefties born to left-handed mothers don't tend to show lower cognitive abilities than righties.
In his research, Goodman analyzed five data sets from the U.S. and the U.K. that all look at how handedness affects cognitive skill and income over a set amount of time. Goodman found that about 11 to 13 percent of the population is left-handed, a finding that prior research supports.
Lefties have historically been marginalized by society. As Goodman points out, during the Middle Ages, left-handed people were "thought to be possessed by the devil." The medieval Jewish philosopher Maimonides said that lefties shouldn't become priests. In 1903, the Italian criminologist Cesare Lombroso wrote , “What is sure... is, that criminals are more often left-handed than honest men, and lunatics are more sensitively left-sided than either of the other two.”
Even the word "left" itself has unpleasant connotations, if you go back to its roots. It's a derivation of the Old English word "lyft," which meant "idle, weak, or useless," according to Goodman's paper.
But today, "left-handedness has come into vogue," Goodman points out, "with modern proponents who argue that left-handedness is overrepresented among highly talented individuals."
After all, three out of the last four presidents have been left-handed, with George W. Bush being the only righty of the group. A bunch of successful people, like Bill Gates and Oprah Winfrey, are also lefties . And there's new research suggesting that left-handed people may be more creative .
There are at least two widely cited studies that suggest there is a greater share of lefties among smart people. A study from 1986 found that lefties are more prevalent among students who got top scores on the SAT, while a study from 1980 found that there was a higher percentage of lefties among gifted elementary school students than among their non-gifted peers.
Goodman's study seems to fly in the face of that. But as Peter Orszag recently pointed out at Bloomberg View, Goodman's research doesn't necessarily debunk the earlier findings.
Orszag wrote:
It is still possible that lefties are disproportionately represented among the very top of the skills distribution; the databases Goodman uses don't contain enough detail about these extremes to say either way. The SAT study, for example, examined those in the top 1 out of 10,000, and IQs above 131 are found only in the top 2 percent of the population.
In other words, among the successful crowd, being left-handed might correlate with certain advantages. But among the rest of us, statistically, it's righties who come out on top.

Uber Has Been Suspended In SpainUber Has Been Suspended In Spain
Posted:
Updated:
13/12/2014 21:29 IST
MADRID, SPAIN - OCTOBER 14:  In this photo illustration the new smart phone taxi app 'Uber' shows how to select a pick up location at Puerta de Alcala Square on October 14, 2014 in Madrid, Spain. 'Uber' application started to operate in Madrid last September despite Taxi drivers claim it is an illegal activity and its drivers currently operate without a license. 'Uber' is an American based company which is quickly expanding to some of the main cities from around the world.  (Photo by Pablo Blazq | Pablo Blazquez Dominguez via Getty Images
Email
Comment
MADRID (AP) — A judge on Tuesday ordered the temporary suspension of ridesharing service Uber in Spain, saying it represents unfair competition.
The Madrid mercantile court judge said in a preliminary ruling that Uber drivers lacked proper permits to transport passengers in Spain — but the company responded that it wasn't given an opportunity to argue its case.
The suspension was sought by Madrid's Taxi Association, which is planning legal action against Uber.
Uber spokesman Benjamin Novick called the decision a "highly unusual court commercial proceeding and ruling," adding that the company is considering its legal options and that Uber will obey Spain law.
Uber allows passengers to hail a ride from a mobile app. The company takes a cut from what the drivers charge.
Taxi drivers claim such services are unfair because drivers aren't subject to the same taxi regulations and don't pay tens of thousands of euros (dollars) for training and licenses.
The San Francisco-based company has been met with opposition in several European Union countries.
More:

The Barn find of the centuryThe Roundabout Blog | 9 December 2014
In France, the ‘barn find of the century’
Jonathan Schultz
About the author
Deputy editor of BBC Autos, Jonathan was formerly the editor of The New York Times' Wheels blog. His automotive writing has appeared in The New York Times, The Los Angeles Times Magazine, Details, Surface, Intersection and Design Observer. He has an affinity for the Citroën DS and Toyota pickup trucks of the early 1990s.
Ferrari 250 GT SWB California Spider and Maserati A6G Grand Sport by Frua. (Artcurial)
Old gold
Hispano Suiza H6B cabriolet. (Artcurial)
Old gold
(Artcurial)
Old gold
Facel Vega Excellence and Talbot Lago T26 cabriolet Saoutchik, the latter formerly belonging to King Farouk of Egypt. (Artcurial)
Old gold
1956 Maserati A6G Gran Sport by Frua. (Artcurial)
More Slideshows
How close is the BMW 4 Series to the Concept 4?
HIDE CAPTION
Rust is not picky. If it dines on a 1961 Ferrari 250 GT SWB California Spider rather than a 1982 Chevrolet Chevette, don’t expect an appreciative belch. Ochre stains, however, can be catnip for automobile collectors disillusioned with diaper-buffed concours queens. These enthusiasts thrill to the prospect of spending years – and millions – returning a sympathetic shine to iron oxide’s victims.
Related
Porsche's 1898 time machine
It appears that these collectors’ ship has come in. Cars found mouldering on a French estate will be auctioned in February 2015 in Paris, during the Rétromobile programme of vintage-car events. Among these is the aforementioned Ferrari Spider – which may bring a 12m euro high bid – and a Maserati A6G designed by legendary Turinese coachbuilder Frua. Some 60 vehicles in all will be offered, most dating from the 1930s.
Consigners Artcurial Motorcars have also identified a pair of coachbuilt Talbot Lago coupes, one of which having belonged to King Farouk of Egypt. Surrounding these are Hispano Suizas, Delahayes, Citroëns, Jaguars, Porsches and other European makes, all wearing what might be charitably described as “patina”.
The collection was amassed in the ‘50s and ‘60s by Roger Baillon, a transport industrialist. The auctioneer notes that Baillon’s fortunes soured in the ‘70s, and though he managed to sell some cars during that time, many were poorly stored in outbuildings round his property in western France. It was only when Baillon’s heirs made enquiries at auction houses that the importance of the rusted heaps became apparent.
For a heart-rending tour of the site, watch the video below. Interested parties would be advised to bring their rust brushes and open chequebooks.
If you would like to comment on this or anything else you have seen on BBC Autos, head over to our Facebook page or message us on Twitter .

Award-winning Travel Destinationsaward-winning travel destinations
A marketing-tech CEO on  customer signals  and why Chicago is uniqueA marketing-tech CEO on 'customer signals' and why Chicago is unique
A marketing-tech CEO on 'customer signals' and why Chicago is unique
Mike Sands, CEO and president of Signal, discusses the growth of his company, the power of search in digital marketing and what you'd find if you drew a circle with about a one-mile radius around his company's North Canal Street headquarters.
Mike Sands, CEO and president of Signal, discusses the growth of his company, the power of search in digital marketing and what you'd find if you drew a circle with about a one-mile radius around his company's North Canal Street headquarters.
See more videos
Mike Sands, CEO and president of Signal, discusses the growth of his company, the power of search in digital marketing and what you'd find if you drew a circle with about a one-mile radius around his company's North Canal Street headquarters.

Pirate Bay Down Following Police RaidPirate Bay Down Following Police Raid In Sweden
Posted:
reddit
COPENHAGEN, Denmark (AP) — Swedish police have raided a server room in Stockholm in an action targeting the file-sharing website The Pirate Bay.
Police spokesman Paul Pinder said Wednesday the raid took place after Rights Alliance, a Swedish Internet anti-piracy group, had reported Pirate Bay for alleged copyright violations. He declined to give further details.
He said the file-sharing website went down shortly after Tuesday's raid.
On its website, Rights Alliance head Sara Lindback said Pirate Bay is "an illegal commercial service" making "considerable earnings by infringing the works of others."
Pirate Bay is one of the world's biggest free file-sharing websites offers millions of users a forum for downloading music, movies and computer games. The entertainment industry has failed to shut it down, even after its operators were convicted of copyright violations.
More:

May go under: PTA makers; a yarn: UsersRoche loses patent for osteoporosis drug in India
Japan’s Mitsubishi Chemical Corporation’s (MCC) India affiliate, which has attracted the largest foreign direct investment in the country’s chemical sector, has sought the government’s intervention to save it from shutting shop.
MCC PTA India, which manufactures purified terephthalic acid (PTA), has cited ‘artificially cheap’ imports — mainly from China — of the raw material for producing man-made fibre as the reason for the company’s waning fortunes. The Japanese government has already told the Prime Minister’s Office (PMO) that if MCC PTA India — in which the total foreign investment is around $800 million — survives, other Japanese companies will be encouraged to invest in the country and “participate actively in ‘Make in India’”, a source told FE.
In a letter to revenue secretary Shaktikanta Das on November 24, the Chemicals & Petrochemicals Manufacturers’ Association (CPMA) — whose members include Reliance Industries (RIL), the country’s largest PTA producer, and MCC PTA India — has demanded the basic customs duty on the raw material be raised from the current 5% to protect domestic manufacturers. The letter was also marked to the PMO and the ministry of chemicals as well as the department of industrial policy and promotion.
However, a decision on the issue by the government doesn’t seem easy because the users of PTA are strongly opposed to any move to hike the duties as it would make their operations unviable, especially in view of the domestic shortage of the raw material. Industrial users of PTA like Indo Rama Synthetics contend that they are operating at just 60-65% of their capacity due to the high duty structure, which also includes an anti-dumping duty, and poor demand for finished products. In such a scenario any hike in import duty would cripple them.
Currently PTA attracts a provisional anti-dumping duty in the range of $19.05-117.09 per tonne (3-14%, effectively) for imports from China, South Korea, Thailand and the European Union up to April 2015, on top of the 5% import duty.
However, PTA manufacturers through their association CPMA have projected their woes, claiming that although domestic PTA shortage is now pegged at around 1 million tonnes a year, the country’s production capacity is expected to rise to 6.1 million tonnes in 2015, compared with 3.8 million tonnes now, exceeding the expected demand for next year by 0.2 million tonnes. Industry sources said RIL is adding two plants and JBF is also expected to start production from the 2015-16 fiscal, accounting for the fresh capacities next year.
China, on the other hand, will have a surplus capacity of 14.2 million tonnes in 2015, while the additional capacity in Korea and Thailand will be to the tune of 3.2 million tonnes and 1.5 million tonnes, respectively, the association said. “Therefore, these additional capacities will threaten the very existence of public and private capital in India, as China and neighbouring countries will always aim at India due to potential growth of man-made fibre industry,” the association said in the letter.
Sources said cheaper inflows from overseas have already started eating into MCC PTA India’s margins. From a profit of roughly Rs 50 crore in as late as 2010, the company’s accumulated losses have mounted to Rs 2,100 crore over the last four years and has been losing an average of Rs 2 crore a day since the last quarter of 2011. The company has an annual turnover of Rs 8,000 crore. It has already moved the Board for Industrial and Financial Reconstruction (BIFR).
However, PTA users counter CPMA’s claims. “If producers are adding fresh capacities and operating at over 100% of their capacities, how does it corroborate their claim of injury to the domestic industry due to imports? Moreover, imports of finished products from PTA attract a basic customs duty of just 5%. Will the government promote the inverted duty structure, whereby raw materials are taxed higher than the finished goods, going against the principle of taxation?” said OP Lohia, chairman of Indo Rama Synthetics, a key PTA user.
To bring tax neutrality between cotton and man-made fibre, the CPMA has also sought a reduction of the excise duty on man-made fibres from 12% to 6%. It also demanded an increase in the excise duty on yarn forward from 0% to 2%. Such moves will result in extra revenue gain of Rs 6,000 crore to the exchequer. At present, cotton attracts zero excise duty, as it’s a farm produce.
CPMA’s stand
The problem: Imports due to surplus PTA capacities of 19 million tonnes in China, Korea and Thailand could flood India and harm domestic producers
The suggestion: Customs duty on PTA be raised from 5%; excise duty on man-made fibres be reduced to 6% from 12% and that on yarn to garments be raised to 2% from zero
The benefit: Higher customs duty will discourage imports and prevent distortion of domestic PTA prices; proposed excise duty changes to generate R6,000 crore for exchequer
User industry’s stand
* There is a domestic shortage of PTA
* User industries operating at low capacities in view of poor demand
* A hike in duty would cripple their operations
* Taxes already high as they include anti-dumping duties
Post Comments
More from companies

Make in India will attract several US manufacturersRoche loses patent for osteoporosis drug in India
An aerospace and defence expert, Vivek Lall is global chief executive for international commercial strategic development at General Atomics Electromagnetic Systems, a US-based defence and nuclear giant. Lall, who has held key positions in Boeing and Reliance and was recognised as one of the top scientists of the 20th century by Cambridge, spoke to Huma Siddiqui on the company’s plans and how he feels the two countries can engage. Excerpts
During PM Narendra Modi’s US visit, you had a one-on-one with him on strategic technology engagement.
There is renewed vigour in the corporate world regarding Indo-US engagement in technology and innovation.
Several us companies have niche technologies for applications in various industries, including defence. The key, then, is building a partnership where technology can be absorbed by India’s corporate sector and defence. The other aspect would be bringing in innovation and taking it to the next level.
What’s your take on Modi’s ‘Make in India’ programme?
A laudable effort, it will attract a lot of players from the US who are keen on co-manfacturing and co-developing products for Indian and other markets across the world, making India the base.
What’s needed to convert the ‘Make in India’ dream into a success? how do you see things evolving in the defence and nuclear space?
Most technologies and manufacturing plans in the defence and nuclear space can take years to unfold. In the next 2-3 years, seeds can be put into the ground and incubated. Results won’t be immediate — there’s a need to identify projects that can be executed jointly by governments and companies both in India and the US. When PM Modi was in Washington, there was a lot of talk on Defence Technology Initiative (DTI). If we sow the seeds now, a competitive industry will be created — whether or not you have an offset policy, companies will come and set up base in India.
What are the problems in the way of a full nuclear technology partnership? How do you see the nuclear liability bill, which has been a thorn in the flesh?
Lots of progress has been made in the last several years. The corporate perspective of risk-reward is not an obstacle that cannot be overcome. At the end of the day, it’s about managing risk. True progress will be made once risk-related issues are resolved. They can be taken out of balance sheets and spread out. In terms of nuclear liability or even liability clauses related to defence, it is about how to frame the clauses — some sort of shared collective responsibility will take one on the right path. The benefits for India are manifold, and so are they for the rest of the world.
As head of GA Electromagnetic
Systems Group, could you give us a brief profile of your organisation?
GA Electromagnetic Systems Group (GA-EMS) is a recognised leader in the research, development and manufacture of electromagnetic and electric power components and systems. We offer electric power generation, propulsion, distribution and monitoring products to support a wide variety of defence, oil & gas, chemical, energy, mining, nuclear power, research, and training requirements worldwide.
What sets apart your technology and product offerings?
Our products push the boundaries of energy and fuel efficiency, can work in harsh operational environments and come with high reliability. An example is our work under contract with the US Navy for installation of an electromagnetic aircraft launch and recovery system on the new US aircraft carrier Gerald R Ford (CVN 78). We have leveraged our experience in thermonuclear fusion research and linear motor and electromagnetic launcher development to create this state-of-the-art system.
Can the electromagnetic aircraft launch system be implemented for the Indian Navy?
Yes, with concurrence from the US Navy and the permission to export, the system could provide key benefits for the Indian Navy. The system’s flexible architecture allows for integration into a range of platforms with differing catapult configurations, enabling the launch and
recovery of a wide variety of aircraft, including unmanned aerial vehicles, to enhance situational awareness. It also requires fewer personnel.
What other products do you have to offer?
We’re currently applying our highly efficient motors, generators, drives, high-energy capacitors and integrated systems for use in power generation, integrated propulsion, and electric distribution applications for mining, solar energy, smart electric power grids, water and wastewater treatment, maritime, and oil/gas applications. We specialise in first-of-a-kind systems and product customisation to suit industry-specific requirements. For instance, our Gulftronic electrostatic separators are helping produce better yields at oil refineries through a unique, patented automated electrochemical process.
India can also benefit from GA’s high-quality, reliable radiation monitoring systems for nuclear power. GA is also a recognised leader in design, development and support of environmentally and seismically qualified radiation monitoring systems.
How are you positioned for the future?
We will continue to leverage our unique electromagnetic and electric technologies, unmatched technical and design expertise and R&D commitment to create customised solutions. And we look forward to exploring opportunities with India.
Post Comments
More from companies

First time in black  Reliance Retail posts Rs 176-crore profit for FY14Roche loses patent for osteoporosis drug in India
Reliance Retail, which runs some 1,700 outlets in the country, posted a net profit of Rs 175.52 crore for FY14 — the first year of profitability since it began operations in 2006. The company had posted a net loss in FY13, says a filing with the Registrar of Companies.
Reliance Retail is one of the few big organised retailers to have managed a profit. Other operators, like Aditya Birla Retail, Spencer’s Retail and Star Bazaar, are still struggling with losses.
In FY14, while Aditya Birla Retail’s losses grew to Rs 596 crore from Rs 583 crore in the previous year, Spencer’s posted a Rs 165.8- crore net loss. Although RPG Group-owned Spencer’s has managed to reduce losses, the company is yet to make a profit.
In June this year, RIL chairman Mukesh Ambani had reiterated the company’s position to remain invested in the retail business. Ambani was optimistic on Reliance Retail’s potential to drive growth for its parent company. “In coming years, retail will emerge as a major growth engine for our consumer business,” he told shareholders during RIL’s annual general meeting.
Reliance Retail operates through more than half-a-dozen brands like Reliance Fresh, Reliance Footprint, Reliance Trends and Reliance Digital in 146 cities.
Arnab Dutta
Post Comments
More from companies

GOSF  Day 1: E-tailers discount shoppers penchant for rebatesRoche loses patent for osteoporosis drug in India
In the intervening night of Tuesday and Wednesday, when the clock struck 12, netizens woke up to one of the biggest online shopping jamborees in the country. With over 5 million potential shoppers already visiting the site gosf.in to register themselves, the 72-hour Great Online Shopping Festival (GOSF) from Google has 450 vendors this time, up from 250 last year and just 90 in 2012, when the festival was just for 24 hours.
Last year, about 2 million users visited the site and the merchants posted twice the growth on their daily average sales. This year, most partners are expecting three times the sales.
However, unlike the enthusiastic netizens, most websites woke up to this year’s GOSF late. While Jabong’s mobile app was updated and ready with GOSF discounts early on Wednesday morning, Amazon and Snapdeal reportedly woke up to the event a little later in the morning. However, Amazon and Snapdeal reportedly did not have GOSF on their main menu even after Myntra, now owned by Flipkart, interestingly had a very tepid discount of only 30% (for orders above Rs 1,599 – next to nothing in e-commerce terms) under the GOSF deals. In contrast, Myntra had a 50% off sale on Sunday.
This year, Google has a special section offering products at Rs 299 with free shipping and cash on delivery to attract first-time buyers, who comprised over 30% customers last year. Discounts may not be on the lower side this year, but are visible across fewer and select categories and brands.
Compared to last year, discounts have indeed come down for gadgets, a category that has picked up tremendously in online retail, said Nitin Mathur, co-founder, 91mobiles, an online gadget research and comparison site. “However, online retailers may be utilising discounting as a tool more to promote other emerging categories such as fashion and accessories (which are relatively newer categories for some of the online stores), and new distribution channels such as their mobile apps…” he added.
Discounts are just a medium to attract first-time shoppers, said Manu Agarwal, founder, Naaptol: “…The idea of Google is to educate people who haven’t experienced e-commerce as a shopping medium.”
On the first day of GOSF, on Tuesday, Jabong observed an extraordinary leap with its revenue rising four times compared to its sales on any regular day. “There has been a rise in revenue from mobile by at least six times compared to the last GOSF. Even the traffic from GOSF on the website has significantly risen by eight times as compared to last year,” said Praveen Sinha, founder and MD, Jabong.
This year, Jabong has opened its doors to some of the best offers from exclusive brands like River Island, Dorothy Perkins and Miss Selfridge, among others, Sinha added.
Meanwhile, ShopClues saw unprecedented sales and an increase in traffic by as much as 200%, just within the first 90 minutes of the festival launch. Sanjay Sethi, co-founder and CEO, ShopClues, said, “When the GOSF offers went live at 12 midnight, our site saw a 200% surge in traffic and close to 250% increase in sales within the first 90 minutes.
ShopClues had discounts going up to 85% on some of its top-selling products.
eBay India has special promotions and offers every day with customers having the opportunity to win an iPhone every 15 minutes and a Google Glass each day. Shivani Dhanda, head – marketing, eBay India, said: “This GOSF, eBay India customers will be able to access great deals and discounts across a wide range of products. We are offering special deals across brands and categories along with discounts on watches, cameras, TVs, laptops and home décor, among others. We are also offering consumers exclusive eBay merchandise including the iberry Auxus ONE smartphone and iberry RIST smartwatch.”
HomeShop18 is offering discounts of up to 80% with deliveries at no extra shipping cost, with its lowest product going for as little as R149. “In previous years of GOSF, we witnessed exceptional increase in traffic and sales on both the website as well as our mobile platform. This shopping festival has proved beneficial for us, recording a 3x increase in sales and 40% more traffic via the app… The categories that drive sales during the shopping festival are clothing, accessories and footwear, digital products, electronics and gadgets,” said Sundeep Malhotra, founder and CEO, HomeShop18.
For the second year in a row, Adlabs Entertainment is expecting online ticket sales to go up by 50-75% for Imagica and Aquamagica, its theme and water park, respectively, located at Khalapur off Mumbai-Pune Expressway.
At Adlabs, 20-30% of ticket sales continue to be from its website where customers pick and choose their choice of packages and offers.
As part of GOSF, Amazon India is doling out offers from across categories with a 10% cashback on HDFC Bank debit and credit cards (for purchases above R3,999). The e-commerce major is offering up to 70% off on home and kitchen products, books, movies, music and video games, up to 60% off in fashion and a flat 40% off on select products in toys and games. Infibeam, on the other hand, is giving out up to 45% off on mobiles, up to 50% off on tablets and up to 70% off on home theatres and home appliances, among others.
The action is also moving towards cashback and MobiKwik, a mobile wallet service provider, seems to be leading the way. As opposed to heavy discounting, cashback seems to be a better way of rewarding your customers this season, said Upasana Taku, co-founder, MobiKwik. “We are offering 20% cash backs on all leading e-commerce sites such as Snapdeal, eBay, Shopclues, HomeShop18, Naaptol, Infibeam, Dominos, MakeMyTrip, BookMyShow, Purplle, Pepperfry, AmericanSwan and FashionAndYou, among others, for payments made through the MobiKwik wallet. This is beyond the merchant offers for GOSF. Consumers stand to save money and make more purchases. We gain customer loyalty and increase awareness about our product,” added Taku.

Rs 6 000-crore Bandra-Versova sea link hinges on central fundsIndia manufacturing activity expands to 2-year high as orders surge; PMI at 54.5 in Dec
It might be a state project, but the central government’s intervention is now key for the bidding process of the R6,000-crore Bandra-Versova Sea Link project in Mumbai to move forward.
Senior officials in Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation (MSRDC), the implementing authority, say the two companies that submitted bids at the pre-qualification stage have termed the proposed concession period of 35 years as too long for the project to be financially viable. The bidders have asked MSRDC to get viability gap funding (VGF) for the project to bridge some of the financial gap and bring down the concession period. As a result, MSRDC is now awaiting a nod for 20% VGF from the central government for this 14.8-km showpiece project, before it can float the request for proposal (RFP).
The Bandra-Versova Sea Link project received only two bids at the pre-qualification stage, one from IRB Infrastructure Developers and another from Larsen and Toubro.
Anil Diggikar, vice-chairman and MD of MSRDC, told FE: “The bidders are asking for VGF component to be included in the project, so we have asked the Centre for it and are awaiting approval.”
Diggikar said financial bids can be called only after VGF is penned into the project, without which bidders have expressed concern over achieving financial closure for it. Spokespersons for both L&T and IRB declined comment on the issue.
The Bandra-Versova sea link is slated to be built on the PPP model, and will be a tolled project.
It is expected that over 45,000 vehicles will be using the link by 2020, which would include buses, cars, light commercial vehicles and trucks. The vehicle count is expected to cross 1.2 lakh by 2045.
MSRDC is also in talks with Japanese International Cooperation Agency (JICA) for funding of the project. The sea link is proposed to be an extension of the existing Worli-Bandra sea link, connecting it with suburbs further north of the city.
It was expected that the implementing authority will float RFP for the project last month itself. However, with bidders sticking to their stance on VGF, the project is hanging fire till the time such funding is agreed upon between the state and Centre.
MSRDC officials refrained from giving any definite timeline for the RFP dates, but believe it can happen soon. The officials also deny any upward revision in the cost of the project, or it possibly clashing with the proposed R8,000-crore Nariman Point-Kandivali coastal road project, which is yet to get clearance from the central government.
Post Comments
More from economy

Veritas  Mangal gets bail in Indiabulls caseVeritas' Mangal gets bail in Indiabulls case
N Sundaresha Subramanian | New Delhi Dec 11, 2014 10:42 PM IST
The sessions court in Gurgaon on Thursday granted bail to Nitin Mangal, the Veritas analyst who had co-authored a report against Indiabulls. Last month, a magistrate court in the city had sent him to police custody for interrogation on a complaint of extortion and criminal defamation filed by Indiabulls. He was later remanded to 14 days in judicial custody.
“The sessions court granted him bail. We will get the detailed order soon,” Mangal’s lawyer told Business Standard. He is likely to be released on Friday. Mangal, a chartered accountant, had in 2012 assisted Veritas lead analyst Neeraj Monga in preparing a report titled ‘Bilking India’ on Indiabulls group companies.
Indiabulls had filed two criminal complaints in this regard, alleging extortion and criminal defamation, in Gurgaon and Mumbai. While in the Gurgaon case the Punjab and Haryana High Court had rejected his anticipatory bail plea, the Bombay High Court had given Mangal anticipatory bail in the Mumbai one in March last year. Next few months were quiet as Mangal resumed his normal life in Indore.
The legal battle resumed in September last year, when Veritas filed a settlement claim for $11 million in Ontario, Canada, leading to an anti-suit filing in the Delhi High Court by Indiabulls. The hearing in this case is scheduled for February. Mangal, who was issued notices in the anti-suit filing, had appeared in the Delhi High Court on November 13, triggering a set of events that led to his eventual surrender before the Gurgaon Magistrate court on November 25, when he was sent for custodial interrogation.
According to Veritas, the “analysis was based entirely on a fulsome review of publicly available information” related to Indiabulls. The report ran into 24 pages and had 80 additional pages of supporting documents. It was initially released to its six clients in August 2012. Though Veritas had written scathing reports against other Indian companies earlier, the response it got from Indiabulls left it stumped.
Indiabulls soon issued a public statement slamming the ethics and practices of Veritas. “If Veritas wants to rate Indiabulls companies as ‘sell’, it is its opinion. However, if it wants to spread malicious headlines and intentionally use blatantly incorrect data without seeking any clarification from the company, to fulfil its agenda of profiteering, as demonstrated by the points above, we strongly protest and will ensure that Veritas face legal consequences.”
One of the key pieces of evidence cited in these complaints was an email, allegedly sent by Monga to Prashant Periwal, an executive at UK-based hedge fund Altima Partners. It was communicated in the email that Veritas’ research services were available for annual subscription at $50,000. He allegedly also offered to hold back a wider publication of the report by a day if Periwal decided to subscribe to the report. Veritas has argued it was a normal subscription mail, which was twisted out of context by Indiabulls.

Rupee could test 63 in near term: Credit Suissedollar
('There will be some resistance…)
In a chat with ET Now, Killol Pandya, Senior Fund Manager-Debt, LIC Nomura Mutual Fund , Credit Suisse, shares his outlook for the currency. Excerpts:
ET Now: The rupee is at fresh December lows. It seems like the range is being extended out with downside risk to 63 on the rupee-dollar. Is that your view as well?
Killol Pandya: Yes, it is possible that the rupee may test 63 in the near future. However, there will be some resistance probably at that level and then the market participants, including the Reserve Bank, will probably take a fresh look at how the rupee is behaving. If the movement is too strong in the sense if we are faced with a globally strengthening dollar, then I do not really think RBI will be putting in too much ammunition in defending the big figure of 62 and will probably let the currency slide a little more before it draws a fresh defence line for the currency. So it is kind of a 'wait and watch' situation and I do not think in the current scenario, the RBI is interested in bucking the global trend. So much depends not just on how the rupee and the dollar behave, but how the dollar is behaving internationally.
ET Now: The dollar index is actually a function of euro and other global currencies and on all count, the Indian economy is strengthening. So do you think we should not really worry about the correlation with the dollar index because the macro picture for India is strong? Do you think it is a matter of time the rupee will start appreciating?
Killol Pandya: Yes, I do agree with you. In addition to what you have mentioned, there is another perspective. Orthodox economists still see that as rates soften, the currency ought to depreciate, but in India, our forex inflows are FII dominated and more importantly, the flows into equity are far more than what exist in the bond market. As the rates soften, necessarily it will be a function of a strengthening economy and on the back of that, we can expect FIIs to be enthused by rates being cut and that will assist in additional FII flows which ought to help strengthen the rupee relative to the dollar.
FEATURED ARTICLES

SAT adjourns DLF hearing to December 18SAT adjourns DLF hearing to December 18
Sneha Padiyath | Mumbai Dec 11, 2014 10:41 PM IST
The Securities Appellate Tribunal (SAT) has adjourned an appeal by real estate major DLF to December 18. The appeal relates to a Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) order barring it from the securities market for three years.
The tribunal had on Wednesday dismissed an intervention petition by Kimsuk Krishna Sinha, who wanted to be made a party in the case. Sinha claimed that it was on his complaint that the Sebi had issued the order. He said the regulator had not heard him during its investigation.
ALSO READ:  Demolish DLF apartment complex, Kerala High Court tells govt
Sinha alleged that he was duped of Rs 34 crore in a land deal involving a DLF subsidiary.  Sebi found that DLF had not disclosed about the dispute when it came out with its Rs 9,187 crore initial public offer (IPO) in 2007. It had also failed to disclose information about its subsidiaries.
In the hearing on Thursday, the DLF counsel said the company had set up three subsidiaries — Sudipti Estates, Shalika and Felicite — to acquire land in Gurgaon.
ALSO READ:  DLF gets tribunal nod to redeem MF investments
The counsel said it was an industry practice to buy land assets through subsidiaries to prevent artificial rise in land prices and to keep competitors at a bay. On the omission of this information from the offer documents, the counsel led by Janak Dwarkadas clarified that the company had mentioned the subsidiaries in documents originally filed in 2006. However, this information was removed in the second set of documents filed in 2007 because the subsidiaries had by then completed the land transfer to DLF-related enterprises.
The DLF counsel will continue its arguments on December 18, after which the Sebi will present its case.
ALSO READ:  Markets regulator and the art of consistent inconsistency
Earlier, the tribunal had allowed the redemption of Rs 1,806 crore worth of DLF investments in mutual funds. Asset managers had declined to allow redemption citing the Sebi order, which barred dealing in all securities. Mutual funds also fall under the definition of securities.
The regulator had also barred DLF Chairman K P Singh, son Rajiv Singh (vice-chairman), daughter Pia (whole-time director), DLF Managing Director T C Goyal, former executive director (legal) Kameshwar Swarup and former MD Ramesh Sanka.
Shares of DLF ended down 2.4 per cent to close Rs 156 on Thursday. The Sensex was down 0.8 per cent and ended the day at 27,602.01.
 

Kerala Finance Minister Mani booked over bribery allegationsUpdated: December 11, 2014 15:17 IST
Kerala Finance Minister Mani booked over bribery allegations
C. Gouridasan Nair
Tweet
The Hindu
Bar owners of Kerala allege that state Finance Minister K.M. Mani (in picture) took money from them to reopen some closed bars. File photo
The Hindu
Bar owners of Kerala allege that state Finance Minister K.M. Mani (in picture) took money from them to reopen some closed bars. File photo
TOPICS
corruption & bribery
A case has been registered under provisions of the Prevention of Corruption Act
A special cell of the Vigilance and Anti-Corruption Bureau (VACB) has registered a case against Kerala Finance Minister K.M. Mani for having allegedly accepted a bribe of Rs. 50 lakhs from bar owners.
The Vigilance cell has registered the case under provisions of the Prevention of Corruption Act after a preliminary inquiry into the allegation. It had taken evidence from several persons, including Mr. Mani. The bar owners had alleged that they had paid Rs. 1 crore in three instalments to Mr. Mani.
The Vigilance began its preliminary inquiry based on a letter from Leader of the Opposition V.S. Achuthanandan’s to Chief Minister Oommen Chandy and Home Minister Ramesh Chennithala, seeking a Vigilance probe into the allegation. The Opposition had also launched a State-wide agitation over the issue.
Mani reacts
Talking to reporters in New Delhi, where he is slated to attend a meeting of State Finance Ministers, said there was no basis for the allegation and that this would be proved by the Vigilance probe. There was nothing new in the development as such cases had been registered against several Ministers in the past too, he said.
He refused to respond to a question whether he saw a political conspiracy behind registration of the Vigilance case against him. Some leaders of his party had, over the past few weeks, alleged that there was a conspiracy involving some Congress leaders behind the allegations against Mr. Mani.

Oil prices hold close to five-year lowUS oil price below $60 a barrel
Gregory Meyer in New York and Neil Hume and Anjli Raval in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a4df9588-8119-11e4-b956-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Mozambique gas may not come to IndiaMozambique gas may not come to India
Kalpana Pathak | Mumbai Dec 12, 2014 12:30 AM IST
Much-awaited gas from Mozambique’s Rovuma basin may not make it to Indian shores. Bharat Petro Resources Limited (BPRL), the upstream arm of the state-owned Bharat Petroleum Corporation, and its consortium partners have tied up two-thirds of the gas with customers in Asia. But so far, no Indian company, Bharat Petroleum Corporation Limited (BPCL) executives said, had come on board to secure gas supplies from the consortium.
This September, at BPCL’s annual general meeting, S Varadarajan, the company’s chairman and managing director, had said, “Members of the consortium have tied up two-thirds of the gas with customers in Japan, China and Thailand, and are in talks with Indian companies, too.” BPRL and its consortium partners have been in discussions for marketing natural gas from their flagship international asset, the Rovuma basin in Mozambique.
“The operator had in 2012 formed marketing teams to talk to companies in Japan, China and Thailand. These countries are ready to pay more for gas. Besides, we need to maximise our revenue as we plan to set up two LNG (liquefied natural gas) trains,” said a senior BPRL executive. BPCL did not reply to an email questionnaire.  Natural gas reserves in the Mozambique block have been estimated at 50-70 trillion cubic feet (tcf) by its operator Anadarko. This is almost 10 times the reserves of Reliance Industries’ D6 block in the Krishna-Godavari basin.
BPRL partners the Mozambique block with consortium members Anadarko Mocambique Area 1 Limitada (26.5 per cent), BPRL Ventures Mozambique (10 per cent), Beas Rovuma Energy Mozambique (10 per cent), ONGC Videsh Ltd (10 per cent), Cove Energy Mozambique Rovuma Offshore (8.5 per cent), Mitsui E&P Mozambique Area 1 Ltd (20 per cent) and Empressa Nacional de Hidrocarbonetos EP (15 per cent). The consortium plans to set up two LNG trains of five million tonnes each with a provision for expansion in the future. The consortium will have to enter into long-term contracts with buyers to raise funds to finance the project and help put up the first two trains. Production from the fields will begin in 2019.
The LNG trains will initially require around $18-20 billion, of which $14 billion will be raised in loans.
“The rest will be brought in by the consortium members. Further investments will be from revenue the project brings in,” the executive added.
BPRL plans to invest Rs 12,000 crore in energy exploration and production in Mozambique and Brazil over the next four years.
BPCL’s share of reserves is five to seven tcf, equivalent to the size of the D6 block in India. BPRL will be investing up to Rs 10,000 crore as part of its share towards a 10 million tonne LNG terminal project in Mozambique.
BPRL had, in September, said it had been trying to put in place a mechanism through which BPCL’s balance sheet can be relieved. Based on the discoveries, the company has SBLC (standby letter of credit) range of $2 billion and with that, it has taken foreign currency loans of $900-950 million for the Mozambique asset.
BPRL plans to invest Rs 12,000 crore in energy exploration and production in Mozambique and Brazil over the next four years — its biggest investment in the so-called upstream sector.
“As far as upstream is concerned, we have spent about $1.3 billion. Of this, $680 million has gone into exploration in the Brazil block and $480 million for operations in Mozambique,” said D Raj Kumar, adding that "We are talking to the Mozambique government to see that we have a stable legal, fiscal and contractual regime in place. This stability will mean the operations will be insulated from any change in taxes, rules or regulations."
“These two assets (Brazil and Mozambique) are where the major chunk of investments are planned in the coming few years,”  Rajkumar had said in September after BPCL's annual general meeting. BPRL is present in seven countries, including India.
BPRL owns a 20 per cent stake in the Brazil block through an equal joint venture with Videocon Industries. Petrobras SA, the national oil company of Brazil, is the operator of the block and holds the remaining 60 per cent.

Indian cos ink $2.1 bn pact for Russian diamonds | PM Modi seeks direct tradeYou are here: Home > Collections
Indian companies ink pact to buy $2.1 billion diamonds from Russia
PTI Dec 11, 2014, 08.27PM IST
Tags:
Alrosa
(Russia is the world's largest…)
NEW DELHI: Twelve Indian companies will buy diamonds worth USD 2.1 billion in the next three years directly from Russian diamond mining giant ALROSA.
These companies have signed three-year contracts with ALROSA during the ongoing World Diamond Conference being inaugurated by Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Russian President Vladimir Putin .
"We have signed 12 contracts with ALROSA today to source diamonds worth USD 2.1 billion in the next three years," Gems and Jewellery Export Promotion Council Chairman Vipul Shah said here.
Russia is the world's largest producer of diamond, while India is the world's biggest manufacturing centre for cut and polished diamonds.
The 12 companies including Kiran Gems, Asian Star and Rosy Blue India have signed separate contracts with ALROSA.
"Under the contracts, ALROSA has committed to supply diamonds worth about USD 700 million per year for a period of three years. This will help the country save considerable amount of commissions charged by trading hubs," Mumbai-based Rosy Blue India Managing Director Russell Mehta said.
Each company has tied up for different quantity and different quality of diamonds. The price at which diamonds will be supplied will be decided monthly depending on market rates, he added.
India meets its rough diamond requirement from Dubai, Antwerp and Belgium. The pact on direct supply gives an edge to Russia over these countries.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Could Your Politics Get You Cannedreddit
We're coming dangerously close, in this country, to returning to a time when political leanings are no longer simply regarded as differing opinions and opportunities for healthy debate, but a means to pass judgment and even to discriminate against a person who doesn't hold the exact same views or see the world in the precisely same way.
We've been reduced to two warring tribes: One that, apparently, wants to give everything away to everyone for free and the other that, also apparently, wants to take everything from everyone and hand it over to a few. There's a divisiveness in politics today, fueled by fear and propaganda, that goes beyond simple discussions about policy and personal choice. All one has to do is look to the comments on articles and blog posts to see that the nation has lost its collective mind.
Last week I wrote about a bill making its way through Congress that would potentially result in tax breaks for the rich and higher taxes for the poor, working class, and what's left of the middle class. Peppered throughout the 400-plus comments were not only the usual ignorant comments from trolls and people who seem to lack the ability to spell and speak in complete sentences, but personal attacks, name-calling, and even threats of violence.
Not so long ago, the entertainment industry in this country was targeted with sweeping accusations, ruining the lives of many working in the industry .
"The Hollywood blacklist--as the broader entertainment industry blacklist is generally known--was the mid-20th-century practice of denying employment to screenwriters, actors, directors, musicians, and other U.S. entertainment professionals because of their suspected political beliefs or associations. Artists were barred from work on the basis of their alleged membership in or sympathy with the American Communist Party, involvement in progressive political causes..."
The attitude of the 1940s and 1950s, much like the attitudes that are prevalent today, filter down to average citizens. People become suspicious of their neighbor, co-worker, family member, and friend. There's a palpable shroud of distrust, suspicion, and anger that permeates daily life. The era of McCarthyism was not our finest as a nation.
The fear of retaliation or retribution for one's political views is still very real today. There's no federal law that protects a person's personal views. According to workplacefairness.org , only a handful of states (California, New York, and Washington, D.C.) have laws specifically making it illegal to discriminate on the basis of an employee's political activity or affiliation, while two more states (Colorado and North Dakota) prohibit discrimination on the basis of "lawful conduct outside of work." So, as long as they all live in New York and California, today's entertainers appear to be safe.
Over the last couple of weeks I spoke with several people on Facebook and Twitter to get a sense of where people stood on this issue. Many of them, alarmingly, admitted to not posting or not liking an article they agreed with out of fear of retribution or being judged by their boss or co-workers. There is a prevailing sense that their livelihood could be in jeopardy because of their political or social opinion.
What's surprising and disconcerting about this is that the fear and trepidation is fairly new. So while the threat and odd lack of protection against it has always been there, the sense that it could actually happen is fairly recent.
I started asking around because of my own recent experience with this issue. Admittedly, my views have never been a big secret. I've been writing about social and political issues since the financial meltdown in 2009. I started writing about foreclosures and mortgages when 11 million people were losing their homes to fraud. I made enough of a splash that my wife, who was looking for work at the time after having been laid off, made a point of not using my last name anymore. Ironically, she had a job interview in 2011 that was going very well, when in hour five of the process, it came time to meet with the General Manager. He happened to be carrying a copy of that day's Boston Globe neatly tucked under his arm, folded to an article about anti-foreclosure activists with my mug plastered on the page. She never got a call back.
Recently, I reached out to a good friend of mine who's played a significant role as a mentor to me over the last few years and was invaluable when I decided to start a business developing websites for attorneys, advocates, and businesses . She's a volunteer at SCORE, " a nonprofit association dedicated to helping small businesses get off the ground, grow and achieve their goals through education and mentorship. " They are sponsored, in part, by the U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA), and have a substantial network of volunteers they claim provide advice and guidance to entrepreneurs and startups. During our conversation I had mentioned that I wanted to look into getting a few paid writing gigs and was wondering how to go about that. Since SCORE has a vast network of professionals, she offered to reach out to a few who had worked in publishing and print on my behalf.
It's important to mention that I'm a blogger at HuffPost and that HuffPost bloggers don't get paid -- it's a tradeoff. They get us for free and we get access to a potential 36 million readers every month . So in the world of doing things for exposure, it seems, at least to me, a pretty fair trade. While I write primarily about political and social issues on HuffPost, it would require a myopic view of the world to assume that I'm limited to only those topics. I'm no novelist, nor do I aspire to be one. I worked as a newspaper reporter back when paper and ink were the norm; written software manuals; and provided content for websites I've developed. I've written for and about scooters , HVAC, photography , dog toys, dog supplies, masturbation month , attorneys, consumer issues, punctuation , and television shows .
The variety of articles and topics was made pretty clear to whomever my mentor reached out to and it came as a bit of a surprise to the both of us when his response was, "Sorry, but Zombeck is going to have to pursue his leftwing agenda without my help." A myopic view to say the least. I would hate to have this guy passing out the life jackets based on party affiliation while the ship is sinking.
It's probably safe to assume that not all of the "mentors" at SCORE are this selective about who they'll help. The ones that are, hopefully show a little more restraint and intellect than to voice their disdain out loud and in writing. It does raise the question, however, of exactly what kind of help you're getting from someone who secretly hates you based on your views, beliefs, and whatever else they come up with. Is there any supervision or oversight?
The software manuals I wrote weren't for the DNC Twitter feeds, the dogs weren't commies, the scooters and HVAC stories weren't part of some socialist anti-fossil fuel plot, and I'm pretty sure that masturbation isn't a uniquely liberal activity, but this guy chose to hone in on the one area that made me impossible to work with.
SCORE's own Mission, Vision and Values includes the following entry:
Diversity Matters: We believe in the importance, value and power of diversity - diversity of people and diversity of thought. The diversity of race, gender, ethnicity, geography, and experience is important and valuable in SCORE. We strive to achieve diversity of our volunteer corps, staff, board and clients.
With the exception, apparently, of people they disagree with politically. Think about that. This is a federally sponsored organization created to help people start and successfully run businesses. Businesses that create jobs, pay taxes, and add to the overall value of their communities and the country. But if you're a liberal, in this guy's world, they don't want any part of you.
I'm a heterosexual white guy living in America, so I'm in no position to claim to know what discrimination could possibly feel like. I've had to endure my fair share of personal attacks. My last name lends itself to the elementary school name-calling of "zombie," and of course there's my first name. Even now, at 50 years old, those never get old. Full-grown adults still make sure it appears in the comment section of some posts to this day. Full-grown adults who still think it's witty to make fun of someone's name. Occasionally I'll get the requisite "dumb Pollack," also because of my name. Then there's the slew of insults about not bathing, eating cheese, and calling me a socialist because I'm French on my mom's side. That said, I've never had to worry about driving through a white neighborhood after dark, been pulled out of line at the airport because of the clothes I'm wearing, been denied an apartment or entrance to a restaurant, or been stared down because of the color of my skin, sexual orientation, or religion.
People like the guy mentioned above are hopefully a rarity at SCORE. At least one would hope they are. The GOP is quickly becoming the party of old white men and I don't see a lot of them starting businesses. Who knows what other criteria for helping people isn't met among the mentors, when in this case it was as benign as differing political views?
It sets a dangerous precedent and sends a disconcerting message when an organization that claims to be a national resource for businesses allows those that represent it to cherry pick who they will help based on a personal bias. Particularly when that organization is sponsored by a government agency.
Follow Richard Zombeck on Twitter: www.twitter.com/zombeck
More:

Google launches new Europe battle in Spain p...You are here: Home > Collections
Google launches new Europe battle in Spain pay row
AFP Dec 11, 2014, 10.42PM IST
Tags:
Axel Springer
(US online giant Google plunged…)
MADRID: US online giant Google plunged into a fresh battle in Europe on Thursday, scrapping its popular online news service in Spain in protest at being made to pay for content.
Following a series of disputes across the European Union , the US giant threw its heaviest punch yet, saying it would shut down Google News Spain on December 16.
The move was in response to an intellectual property law coming into force in Spain in January that will oblige Internet news-gatherers to pay to reproduce content drawn from other websites.
The Spanish culture ministry said it would press ahead with enforcing the law, insisting it "does not obstruct freedom of information".
"Access to news on the internet will still be guaranteed as it can be found via the news organisations' own websites or web searches," it said in a statement.
The law has been dubbed the "Google tax" in Spain but it would also apply to other big web companies with pages that reproduce and link to news content, such as Yahoo.
Users of social networks such as Facebook and Twitter are not subject to the law and will not be charged for linking to news content on their pages, it added.
Google has been at odds for years with European countries over regulatory, commercial and copyright issues.
European courts have ordered it to delete old search results about people at their request -- the so-called "right to be forgotten".
That order also originated in Spain, where regulators first upheld a complaint by a man demanding Google delete out-of-date legal details about him that were displayed in search results.
The EU's new anti-trust regulators have asked Google's rivals for fresh information before taking forward a four-year probe into Google's activities, competition commissioner Margrethe Vestager said Thursday.
Since 2010, Google has been under investigation by the European Commission over complaints that its search engine, the world's biggest, squeezes out competitors.
In October a legal battle with German publishers forced Google to remove from its search results news snippets drawn from news sites.
One of those companies, Axel Springer , capitulated to Google weeks later, letting it post snippets for free. It said it could not resist Google's dominance in online news.
The Spanish law aims to prevent news companies giving into Google that way by obliging them to charge it for reproducing their content.
"This new legislation requires every Spanish publication to charge services like Google News for showing even the smallest snippet from their publications, whether they want to or not," Google News director Richard Gingras wrote.
"As Google News itself makes no money ... this new approach is simply not sustainable."
Analysts warned Spanish media would suffer. "It is a disaster for the digital media in Spain," said Fernando Cano , editor of the online media journal PR Noticias.
"It was the traditional Spanish media that asked for this -- the print newspapers that have online editions. But it affects everyone."
He estimated Spanish news organisations could lose 30 percent of their online hits, which would hurt their advertising revenue.
Users will no longer be able to access many articles in Spanish via Google's news page, which accounts for "a big percentage" of online traffic to Spanish media, said Enrique Dans, an expert at Madrid's IE Business School .
Those affected will include masses of readers in Latin America, said Dans. He branded the Spanish media establishment that lobbied for the law "dinosaurs".
"They do not understand the Internet and of course they are the ones who have been losing the most money for years," he told AFP.
FEATURED ARTICLES

When travel is unsafeUpdated: December 11, 2014 04:13 IST
When travel is unsafe
public transport
December and Delhi have made news for the wrong reasons once again. It is for another instance of rape that underscores the lack of safety for women on the streets of the capital, especially those availing of some sort of transportation service. The failure of policing and regulatory regimes that are at the core of the latest incident — in which a 26-year-old woman was raped by a taxi driver with a long but suppressed history of sexual offences — once again demonstrates that the national outcry that followed the Delhi gangrape of December 2012 has been in vain. The government introduced amendments to criminal law to strengthen the mechanism to prosecute sexual offenders, and there have been subsequent instances of stringent punishment being awarded by trial courts in rape cases. However, authorities and systems continue to ignore the need for specific measures to improve women’s safety in public spaces. As in the case of the December 2012 incident, the latest instance reveals an appalling lack of visible policing in large parts of Delhi, a city of vast distances and many lonely stretches. There may be much less scope for opportunistic crimes against women if there is the fear that a police post, vehicle or check point is not far away, but this does not seem to be the case in the national capital where human predators seem to enjoy virtual impunity. It is common for an incident of crime to stretch for over half an hour without any intervention.
On the regulatory side, the lesson from the earlier crime — that a crackdown is needed on transport vehicles that ply without due licences and clearances in the capital — has obviously not been learnt. It has now occurred to the administration that web-based taxi-hailing services do not have regulations that govern them or licences to operate. Uber, which operates as an app that links a customer with one of thousands of cabs plying in the city, has been suddenly banned after it emerged that the offender in the present case is attached to it. The company clearly failed to exercise due diligence regarding the driver’s background as it seemed to have accepted an address and a certificate produced by him without further verification. At the same time, the incident raises questions about the need for a new set of regulations to cover web-based services that eschew physical assets in their business model. Fixing liability on such a service provider without allowing the entity to wriggle out of it by describing itself as an ‘aggregator’ rather than a provider is the current challenge. Taxi services offered under a brand imply a certain assurance of safety and reliability, and regulators need to devise systems to ensure that. Making available safer public transport to women at all times should be an urgent task for transport authorities.

Merkel coalition curbs union powerMerkel coalition legislates to curb union power
Jeevan Vasagar in Berlin
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cdb1c5fa-8153-11e4-a493-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

These People Win the Holidays for Being Such MenschesWelcome to 2015. What just happened? Where did 2014 go? Television personalities Ryan Seacrest and Jenny McCarthy...
John Locher/AP Photo

175 stocks hit 3-month lows in December175 stocks hit 3-month lows in December
Deepak Korgaonkar & Puneet Wadhwa | Mumbai/New Delhi Dec 11, 2014 10:44 PM IST
Reliance Industries, Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC), Bharti Airtel, Tata Steel, Sesa Sterlite, Cairn India and Wipro are among 175 stocks that have hit a three-month low as the S&P BSE Sensex slipped over 1,000 points thus far in December.
The S&P BSE Sensex that closed to 27,602 on Thursday has lost 1,092 points from its record closing high of 28,694 on November 28. The 50-share CNX Nifty Index has also declined 295 points at 8,293 from its lifetime high 8,588. The fall has seen around 175 stocks from the BSE-500, mid-cap and small-cap index touch their respective three-month low level during the current month.
Among individual stocks, Idea Cellular, Reliance Communications, Reliance Power, Adani Enterprises, Aban Offshore, Arvind, Housing Development and Infrastructure (HDIL), Hindustan Copper, TTK Prestige and Balkrishna Industries are among few notable shares touched three-month low on the BSE on Thursday.
Bajaj Electrical, Tata Sponge Iron, Aban Offshore, Hindustan Oil Exploration, Amtek India, Reliance Power, Tata Teleservices (Maharashtra), Hindustan Copper, Reliance Communications and HCL Infosystems are among 50 stocks that saw over 50 per cent market value erosion from their 52-week highs.
"Since the past few months, the markets have seen a sharp up move and a correction was overdue. The Indian markets are moving in line with their global peers that have seen a decent correction off late. I think once there is a reversal in the trend globally, Indian markets will also rebound. They will take directional cues from inflation data to be released this week and the outcome of the US Federal Reserve's meeting scheduled for the next week," said Rikesh Parikh, vice-president for market strategy at Motilal Oswal Financial Services.
The fall in metal and mining stocks comes on the back of weak Chinese trade data. China's exports rose 4.7 per cent in November, well below expectations and adding to concerns that it could be facing a sharper slowdown.
"Though a slowdown in China will impact metal and mining stocks, there are overall positives for the Indian economy, as it will keep a check on commodity prices that serve as a raw material for a number of sectors. We remain underweight on the metal space," says Mihir Vora, director and chief investment officer, Max Life Insurance.
On the other hand, ONGC, Cairn India, Aban Offshore, Hindustan Oil Exploration and Selan Exploration have been impacted by a steady decline in crude oil prices.
Analysts say the recent fall in the markets presents a good opportunity for investors to accumulate stocks from a long - term perspective.
"The current market situation, both on domestic and global front, is pointing towards this decline to extend further. However, we reiterate our view that investors should be utilise this fall to gradually accumulate fundamentally strong counters. On the other hand, traders should maintain cautious approach as we generally see stocks in mid-cap and small-cap segment decline sharply during such corrections. So, maintain stock-specific stop losses and avoid averaging your loss making positions," points out Jayant Manglik, president - retail distribution, Religare Securities in a recent note.

Centre assurance full rehabilitation of people to be hit byCentre assurance full rehabilitation of people to be hit by
Correction: Tech Diversity-Catalysts For Change StoryWelcome to 2015. What just happened? Where did 2014 go? Television personalities Ryan Seacrest and Jenny McCarthy...
John Locher/AP Photo

India to lead in earnings growth: Credit SuisseIndia to lead in earnings growth: Credit Suisse
India is on growth track  says IMFIndia is on growth track  says IMF
CAD high but situation comfortable says RajanCAD high but situation comfortable says Rajan
Anti-Sikh riots: Poll season on  relief decision may come under ECscannerWritten by Vijaita Singh , Raghvendra Rao | New Delhi |
Posted: December 12, 2014 1:11 am
The decision to give Rs 5 lakh compensation to the next of kin of the 1984 anti-Sikh riot victims, which was earlier deferred because the Model Code of Conduct was in force in the Capital, may attract the attention of the Election Commission (EC) yet again since the decision comes in the middle of the ongoing polls in Jammu and Kashmir and Jharkhand.
“No permission has been sought from us while taking a decision like this. We are examining the matter and may have to issue showcause notice to the government on this again,” sources in EC said. The EC is examining whether this decision affects the playing field given that the code of conduct is in force. At least 90 riot victims were from undivided Bihar, presently Jharkhand.
Sources said more than two dozen decisions were taken by the Cabinet, which met Wednesday, but only 19 were officially communicated to the media. The decision on compensation was not one of them.
The last time, when the government selectively leaked news of compensation to the media just a day before the 30th anniversary of the anti-Sikh riots, it was reported that a formal announcement was not made because of the Delhi bypolls. The EC pulled up the government saying this “ought to have been avoided” and sought an assurance that “such instances do not recur in future”.
At that time, the EC had observed that news was “widely published and disseminated” not only in the print media but also in electronic media, and that the commission had “not come across any denial of the news by the government in the electronic media”. A Home Ministry official defended the move saying, “Since the decision had already been taken by the Home Minister and it was brought before the Cabinet only for approval, no press release was issued. The enhanced compensation package is already in public domain.”

Being SMART  afterUberWritten by Abhinav Kumar |
Posted: December 12, 2014 1:03 am | Updated: December 12, 2014 1:05 am
The nationwide outrage over the gruesome December 16, 2012, case was barely a fading memory when the shocking alleged rape of a young executive by a taxi driver working with Uber stirred our collective conscience and brought the issue of women’s safety into sharp focus again. As a police officer, and the father of a teenage daughter, this is an issue of intense professional and personal concern for me. Coming as it does just days after the prime minister, at a meeting in Guwahati, exhorted the police leadership to embrace the mantra of SMART policing (strict and sensitive; modern and mobile; alert and accountable; reliable and responsive; trained and techno-savvy), it is clear that the gap between public expectations and ground realities couldn’t possibly be wider than it is today. How to move to SMART policing in the age of Uber is a challenge that will vex the police leadership for the foreseeable future. India of the 21st century, an urbanising India, with greater gender equality and lesser deference to caste and communal faultlines, refuses to be policed by laws of the 19th century or by mindsets and tactics that go back even further. The gauntlet has been thrown down. It’s time for us in the IPS and the various organisations we lead to prove equal to the challenge.
There is a very real sense of public outrage over these two incidents, less than two years apart, and a somewhat less real but more relentless hysteria whipped up on electronic media to do “something”, a typical response to important public policy issues in our society. Delhi Police responded to the December 16 case by practically shutting down the night life of the city as well as issuing advisories to women about wearing “proper” clothes and avoiding unsafe places. This time, we have responded by shutting down Uber and other similar services, as well as by slapping a criminal case against the company for alleged laxity in verification of its partner-drivers. The case has also, once again, focused the spotlight on the glaring shortcomings in our basic transportation safety regulatory systems. Despite computerisation, driving licences continue to be available through touts and the system of background checks and police verification stands exposed as perfunctory. The blame game and the clamour to do something are likely to go on for a while. In this charged atmosphere, it is difficult to make practical and sensible suggestions without being denounced as a reactionary or a loony liberal. But for the sake of my daughter and millions continued…

Explained: An islandmaroonedWritten by Arun Janardhanan |
Posted: December 12, 2014 1:01 am | Updated: December 12, 2014 9:33 am
The AIADMK raised Katchatheevu in Parliament this week, demanding its return to Tamil Nadu from Sri Lanka.
Arun Janardhanan recalls the history of the disputed island.
Where is Katchatheevu island?
A 285-acre uninhabited speck in the Palk Strait northeast of Rameswaram, 33 km from the Indian coast, but within the maritime boundaries of Sri Lanka. About 4,000 devotees from Rameswaram visit the 110-year-old St Anthony’s Church on the island every year on average.
What is the island’s history?
The island is the product of a 14-century volcanic eruption. It was controlled by the Ramnad zamindari centred in Ramanathapuram, and became part of the Madras Presidency during the Raj. In 1921, both the Indian and Sri Lankan territories of Britain claimed Katchatheevu in order to determine fishing boundaries. A survey marked Katchatheevu in Sri Lanka, but a British delegation from India challenged this, citing ownership of the island by the Ramnad kingdom. The dispute was never settled.
Is there an official agreement now?
In 1974, an agreement was signed in two parts — on June 26 in Colombo and June 28 in New Delhi. The island was ceded to Sri Lanka, but Indian fishermen were allowed access to Katchatheevu “hitherto”. The agreement did not specify fishing rights, and Sri Lanka interpreted it as the right of Indians to access the island “for rest, drying nets and for visit to the Catholic shrine without visa”.
What happened after that?
After Emergency was imposed in 1975 and the Tamil Nadu government dismissed in 1976, a series of letters were exchanged between the foreign secretaries of India and Sri Lanka. Both Parliament and the state Assembly were non-functional and, without consulting either, another agreement was drafted that said, “The fishing vessels and fishermen of India shall not engage in fishing in the Exclusive Economic Zone of Sri Lanka.” While the 1974 agreement was to settle the maritime boundary in the Palk Bay, the 1976 pact was to determine the boundary in the Gulf of Mannar and Bay of Bengal.
View Larger Map
When did matters flare up again?
In 1991, the Tamil Nadu Assembly again sought retrieval of Katchatheevu and restoration of fishing rights of Tamil fishermen. As long as Sri Lanka remained preoccupied with its war against the Tamil Tigers, things remained calm. The northern province and maritime boundaries were not guarded tightly, and Indian trawlers routinely entered Sri Lankan waters. In 2003, Sri Lanka announced that it could consider allowing licensed fishing by Indian boats, but neither Tamil Nadu nor the Centre submitted a proposal. In 2009, the war with the LTTE ended, and things changed. Colombo beefed up its maritime defences, and when Indian fishermen — facing a depletion of marine resources on their side —  entered Sri Lankan waters, arrests followed, only to trigger fresh demands in Tamil Nadu for restoration of Katchatheevu to it.
How did things reach the Supreme Court?
In 2008, ADMK continued…

Huge $1.1 trillion spending measure narrowly clears hurdle | Obama supports billYou are here: Home > Collections > Senate
Huge $1.1 trillion spending measure narrowly clears hurdle
AP Dec 12, 2014, 12.12AM IST
Tags:
Barack Obama
(The aim is to approve the…)
WASHINGTON: A $1.1 trillion US government-wide spending bill narrowly cleared a major hurdle Thursday and headed toward a final vote later, despite opposition from tea party Republicans over immigration and Democrats angry over last-minute changes to bank regulations and looser rules on campaign spending.
The 214-212 vote came on a resolution to start debate. Republicans were upset that the measure fails to block President Barack Obama's recent actions on immigration and anger from Democrats over the two provisions they consider poison pills.
The White House put out a statement endorsing the measure.
With lawmakers facing a midnight Thursday deadline to prevent a government shutdown , Congress was also expected to pass a measure to keep the government running for two days. The aim is to approve the longer-term bill before adjourning Friday, though that could slip into the weekend.
Passage later Thursday was in at least some doubt because Democrats, whose votes Republican leaders need to adopt the bill, were furious over provisions that weaken regulations on risky financial instruments called swaps and another that allows wealthy donors to flood political parties with campaign cash. The two items, neither of which was disclosed until late in this week's negotiations on the bill, are particularly toxic to Democrats.
Many Democrats tended to focus more on the bad than the good since the 1,603-page bill was released late Tuesday. Large swaths of Republicans praised it for cutting spending for the tax collection agency and the Environmental Protection Agency.
But Democrats won victories, too, and the alternative is to boot the unfinished spending bills into next year, when Republicans will have retaken the Senate and bolstered their numbers in the House. Republicans were cautiously confident that they would get the Democratic votes they need to pass the bill.
The underlying measure funds the day-to-day operations of every agency of government in a year in which such so-called discretionary spending has been frozen at current levels for both domestic agencies and the Pentagon. It's the biggest remaining item on the agenda of the current Congress that hopes to adjourn by week's end.
The compromise bill permits virtually the entire government to operate normally until the fiscal year ends next year on Sept. 30, with the exception of the Homeland Security Department.
Funds for that agency will run out on Feb. 27, when Republicans are expected to try to use the expiration as leverage to force Obama to roll back a decision suspending the threat of deportation for an estimated 4 million immigrants living in the country illegally. The measure adheres to the tight budget caps negotiated previously between the White House and Republicans.
FEATURED ARTICLES

CIA Director: Program produced useful intelligencecia director: program produced useful intelligence
Medical Home Network s new model of coordinated care achieves ground-breaking results at Esperanza Health CentersMedical Home Network s new model of coordinated care achieves ground-breaking results at Esperanza Health Centers
Could buybacks spell bubble for the marketWhat might drive a year-end rally: stock repurchases and hedge funds
Buyback mania is starting to look like 2007, but dollar comparisons are misleading
Could buybacks spell bubble for the market?
One of the magic ingredients that's been sweetening the stock market the last couple of years has been the popular practice of companies buying back shares of their own stock.
Buybacks often cause stock prices to rise, even when companies are having trouble selling their products in a tough economy. A buyback can create the illusion that a company is more profitable than it is. Investors are eager to identify stocks that will win affections in the market after announcing a buyback.
In fact, even though investors have been on edge lately about the slowing global economy, some analysts think buybacks between now and the end of the year will help lift the market.
In a recent report, Goldman Sachs analyst David Kostin attributed some of the September and early October stock market swoon to the fact that there was a pause in corporate buybacks during that time. Most companies can't repurchase shares in the open market during the five weeks before releasing their earnings. That period hit after the Sept. 18 peak in the market.
"The sell-off occurred during a time when the single largest source of equity demand was absent," Kostin wrote. During the end of the year, Kostin sees demand working in the opposite direction.
cComments
I think there are three reasons for stock buy backs. Companies are profitable, they have limited investment options, and they are at risk if they hold too much cash. Activist investors always demand cash distributions and excess cash makes a company a more attractive take over target. If...
msmartinez
1
"We expect companies will actively repurchase shares in November and December," he wrote. "Since 2007, an average of 25 percent of annual buybacks has occurred during the last two months of the year."
Throw into the mix the fact that hedge funds have had terrible performance this year and will be trying to juice their returns quickly before losing disgruntled clients at year-end and Kostin anticipates powerful forces helping drive stock prices up.
But as an investor, should you be thrilled by the continued buyback surge?
Controversy is brewing. Some analysts are wondering if the buyback activity that's been such a strong driver of a rising stock market during the last couple of years is reaching bubble proportions and a warning sign for the market.
The issue is the quantity of buybacks, plus the popularity of doing them at a time when stock prices are high. With prices high, analysts argue too many companies may be overpaying to buy shares, but doing it anyway to keep investors happy and the stock price rising.
Some critics of buybacks claim they are little more than financial engineering — or financial wizardry — aimed at manipulating earnings per share of stock and bolstering stock prices. They argue that corporate executives can have an incentive to do the engineering so their personal compensation gets boosted.
Lately, critics have pointed at IBM as an example of a company that was popular with investors the last few years because earnings per share of stock seemed to be growing nicely while the company was taking away some of the supply of shares in the market. When it became apparent lately that IBM had been having a lengthy problem growing sales, investors dumped the stock.
A way to understand share repurchases is to picture people sitting around a cake and waiting for their slice. Investors would be entitled to a relatively small slice of the cake, or a small slice of a company's profits, if there are a lot of shares circulating. But if a company removes some of the shares, the cake — or total earnings of a company — can stay relatively unchanged overall, but the slice remaining for each investor gets bigger simply because there are fewer investors waiting for their portion.
Buybacks are considered wise for companies to do if they can buy their stock at cheap prices, and if they don't have other uses for the cash.
But lately analysts have been alarmed by the quantity of buybacks done this year at relatively high prices. The analysts have drawn worrisome comparisons to the period just before the financial crisis started surfacing in 2008 and also before the 2000 tech wreck.
"The stock repurchase craze of 2007 served as a clear indication to exit the market," said analyst Kristen Hendrickson, of The Leuthold Group. "Not only did the buyback apex coincide with the onset of the financial crisis, but companies' big spending on their own shares proved incredibly ill-timed, scooping up large chunks of stock at high valuations."
Last year, companies within the Standard & Poor's 500 spent $469 billion on share buybacks — the highest annual amount spent since 2007, Hendrickson noted. During the first half of this year, companies spent another $285 billion, putting them on course to spend $568 billion for the year.
That's "a value only 4 percent lower than the nominal amount spent during the mania of 2007," said Hendrickson. But when she examined the buybacks compared with the previous period's shares outstanding and the market cap, she said, the results did not resemble the 2007 mania.
"It appears that the stock prices have been rising on merits other than self-induced demand," she said.

http://twitter.com/mattk...http://twitter.com/mattk...
How Not to Embarrass Yourself at the Company Holiday PartyWelcome to 2015. What just happened? Where did 2014 go? Television personalities Ryan Seacrest and Jenny McCarthy...
John Locher/AP Photo

Why You Shouldn t Give These Holiday Gifts at the OfficeWelcome to 2015. What just happened? Where did 2014 go? Television personalities Ryan Seacrest and Jenny McCarthy...
John Locher/AP Photo

Tire pressure warning light mystifies driversTire pressure warning light mystifies drivers
Tire Pressure Monitoring System warning
Schrader International
More than 40% of drivers don't recognize this tire pressure warning light on the dashboard.
More than 40% of drivers don't recognize this tire pressure warning light on the dashboard. (Schrader International)
By Bob Weber, Special to the Tribune
U.S. Congress
Driving a car with under-inflated tires is a serious safety issue. 
While 96 percent of American motorists agree, a new national survey finds that nearly half of the nation's drivers still can’t identify the tire pressure monitoring system (TPMS) warning symbol.
The yellow warning symbol of a tire cutaway looks like a bag holding an exclamation point. The symbol holds more weight than that.
Under-inflated tires can compromise high-speed cornering, sudden evasive maneuvers and even basic control of the car. 
8
Tires get hot as you drive. The heat comes from friction created as the tire constantly flexes. You can replicate the effect by repeatedly stretching a stout rubber band; it warms up quickly. Under-inflated tires aren't as firm, so the additional flexing stresses and weakens them, leading to heat damage that causes tread separation.
cComments
Because of the law, the manufacturers only put the basic light system on the lower end models. While the upper end will show which tire. Example. I own a 2013 Honda Pilot and 2013 Honda CRV. The Pilot shows which tire, but the CRV doesn't.
BZaymyer
12
In 2000, following a series of fatal automobile crashes and a resulting nationwide tire recall, the United States Congress passed the Transportation Recall Enhancement, Accountability and Documentation (TREAD) Act. The law mandates that all new passenger cars, multi-purpose passenger vehicles and light trucks weighing 10,000 pounds or less be equipped with a low tire pressure warning system.
While estimates show more than 104 million vehicles in the U.S. are equipped with TPMS, only 58 percent of drivers could properly identify the lifesaving TPMS warning symbol.
Such a notable disconnect between what drivers consider crucial to their driving safety and their inability to recognize the important tire pressure warning symbol has provoked industry players ranging from TPMS suppliers to the federal government to further educate motorists on the importance of TPMS.
“[Safety] begins with consumer education around how to recognize and what to do in a low tire pressure situation,” said Hugh Charvat, president and CEO of Schrader International, which had commissioned the survey on TPMS recognition.
A global manufacturer of sensing and valve solutions, Schrader is working with its aftermarket retail partners to use point-of-sale elements such as product displays, waiting room posters, consumer-focused videos and handouts.
Numerous states are also getting involved. In 2010, the California Air Resources Board (CARB) implemented a mandatory pressure check with any vehicle service performed, and several states now include a properly functioning TPMS system as part of their periodic vehicle safety inspections.
Automobile manufacturers have also stepped up their marketing efforts in order to highlight new features available with "direct" TPMS, such as advanced pressure-by-position displays and tire fill alerts (horn chirp and/or lights flash when tires are filled to proper pressure).
Direct systems have sensors and transponders inside each wheel. Indirect systems rely on the anti-lock brake system (ABS) sensors to detect a wheel rotating at a different speed than the others thus having lower air pressure.
When the TPMS warning symbol appears, it means one or more tires are at least 25 percent lower than specified and the driver should take notice and then proceed to the nearest service facility, tire store or gas station to air up.
All vehicles model year 2008 and later are equipped with TPMS technology.
Not only are properly inflated tires safer, but they're more fuel efficient by 3.3 percent, according to the  U.S. Department of Energy. 

Quirky Office Perks at the 2015 Best Places to WorkWelcome to 2015. What just happened? Where did 2014 go? Television personalities Ryan Seacrest and Jenny McCarthy...
John Locher/AP Photo

Column: Unshackling the fertiliser sectorShould mobile VoIP services be charged extra?
Fertiliser subsidy is budgeted at R72,970 crore in FY2015. There are also pending bills of R30,000-35,000 crore that need to be cleared on account of this subsidy. Together, it easily amounts to more than R1 lakh crore, and that works out to more than 10% of the Centre’s tax revenue—quite a substantial pressure on the fisc.
Unduly low prices of urea, at R5,360/MT (about $86/MT at an exchange rate of R62 to a US dollar), account for nearly two-thirds of this subsidy. Globally, prices hover around $300/MT, although country-specific prices vary widely. In China, urea is priced at $265/MT while in Pakistan, it is at $362/MT, in Bangladesh, at $207/MT, in Indonesia, at $148/MT, and in the Philippines, at $462/MT. Indian urea is perhaps the lowest-priced amongst the large economies of the world. This is leading to misuse of urea: diversion to non-agricultural uses as well as being smuggled into neighboring countries. There are no firm estimates, but insider ‘guesstimates’ of this range between 10-20% of urea distributed in the country.
With the implementation of the Nutrient Based Scheme (NBS), the prices of DAP and MOP have shot up to almost four times that of urea. As a result, the overuse of urea in agricultural fields is rampant. Against a generally-considered-desirable ratio of 4:2:1 of NPK-use, in Punjab and Haryana, the ratio was 62:19:1 in 2012-13. This reduces the grain-to- fertiliser response ratio, leading to much lower returns from fertiliser application.
The rising subsidies, and the delays in payment of these subsidies to specific plants, has created an environment of uncertainty in the fertiliser industry. As a result, domestic investments in the fertiliser industry have lagged behind and imports have surged. As an example, between 2000 and 2012, while Indian domestic production of nitrogenous fertilisers moved marginally up from 10.9 MMT (in nutrients) to 12.2 MMT, China moved from 22 MMT to 50 MMT, as the accompanying figure shows.
In brief, India has landed its fertiliser sector in the mess of rising subsidies, lagging investments, rising imports, highly imbalanced use of NPK, and the diversion of urea to other countries and for uses other than agriculture. This is largely a result of administered-pricing and subsidy policies, particularly of urea.
How can the Indian fertiliser sector be put back on track? Raising urea prices, say, by 200%, seems an obvious choice. But if it were so simple, it would have been done long back. Despite several committees having recommended this, it has not been accepted by the governments of the day. Politically, raising urea prices by about 200%in a single shot, or even in a 3-5 year period, doesn’t seem to be a feasible option, unless this increase is accompanied by substantial increase in the MSPs of staples like wheat and rice. Take the case of Pakistan and China; while their urea prices are way higher than in India, they also offer much higher MSPs for certain crops. In Pakistan, the MSP for wheat is $320/MT and in China, $385/MT, against India’s $226/MT. Fertiliser cost in Punjab accounts for about 7% of the MSP of wheat. If one adjusts for this, the Indian farmer is in a situation of great disadvantage. If the price of urea is raised by even more than 200% or so, taking it from $86/MT to nearly $265/MT—the price Chinese farmers are paying—while the MSP of wheat is also raised from $226/MT to, say, $385/MT (what the Chinese farmer is getting) or even $320/MT (what the Pakistani farmer is getting), the Indian farmer would be more than happy. So, politically, such a proposal can sail through. But given the National Food Security Act, 2013, which promises wheat and rice at R2-3/kg, this MSP rise will lead to explosive growth in food subsidy and further distortion in cropping patterns, with the latter getting skewed in favour of wheat and rice. India may end up being worse-off.
Another option could be to simply transfer cash to farmers equivalent to the current fertiliser subsidy. This works out to roughly R5,000/ha (the subsidy amount, R1 lakh crore, divided by the gross cropped area, of about 20 crore ha). Farmers with holdings of below 4 ha can be given the subsidy entitlement in direct cash transfers at a rate of R5,000/ha while those with above 4 ha can get it at a rate of R4,000/ha. Then, deregulate the entire fertiliser sector, with imports flowing freely at zero duty. The direct cash transfer can be made through the Jan Dhan
Yojana, with Aadhaar linkage. Politically, this is feasible, and will lead to a saving of at least R10,000 crore, if not more, by simply stopping the diversion of urea for non-agricultural uses and its smuggling into other countries. It will also give the right signal to the farmer on the balanced use of NPK, thereby raising the productivity of fertiliser use. The only condition that should be imposed on the farmers (beneficiaries) is that they have to get their soils tested every 3 years.
What would happen to our fertiliser industry under this brave new world of total decontrol? The probability is high that it can expand and prosper, provided urea plants are given gas at a uniform price (may be a pooled price of import parity and domestically-produced gas). It will incentivise them to become more energy efficient, get the best technologies and compete with those in China or elsewhere. There could be mergers and acquisition within the urea industry, but overall, the industry will feel liberated and unshackled from myriad controls. And the industry captains today feel that they are ready to walk this path of freedom. Is the government ready to take a call?
The author is Infosys chair professor of agriculture at ICRIER
Post Comments
More from fecolumnist

Editorial: Gadkaris pipe dreamShould mobile VoIP services be charged extra?
It is difficult to appreciate how road transport minister Nitin Gadkari hopes to create a shelf of 500 ready-to-bid projects worth R3 lakh crore when, he as well as other ministers in the government openly talk about how even government projects are not taking off due to serious problems in land acquisition—Gadkari’s own ministry points to how 72 national highways are stuck due to land acquisition issues. While, some months ago, it appeared as if the government might be able to pull off some changes in the Land Acquisition, Rehabilitation and Resettlement (LARR) Act, that doesn’t look likely any more. Some months ago, Gadkari had been tasked with talking to various state governments on their views on the LARR Act, and most states had come out with views similar to those of the central government—that while compensation levels were not really the problem, the compulsory social impact assessment was a big hurdle. While it was always obvious the Congress would oppose any changes in the Act since that was the brainchild of Sonia Gandhi’s National Advisory Council (NAC)—even though Congress-ruled states also came out against vital LARR clauses—the fact that states like Uttar Pradesh, Tamil Nadu and West Bengal had serious concerns made it look like a done deal. Ever since, with the government going on the offensive in states like West Bengal, it is no longer certain any major changes in the Act can be expected soon.
In which case, it is not certain how investment levels are expected to rise—the latest GDP data shows a 1.5% contraction in investment levels. In such a situation, even if RBI starts cutting interest rates—in any case, several top banks like SBI have indicated that rate cuts can be expected in early 2015—it is difficult to see how the investment cycle can be revived. One possible solution, though that’s a bit of a long shot, is to allow states to come up with their own changes in the land acquisition law. This has been demonstrated in the case of labour laws where, despite the Centre not increasing the levels at which labour retrenchment doesn’t require government approvals, the Rajasthan government has gone ahead and changed its own laws—labour is in the concurrent list—and has got the President’s assent for this. Rajasthan’s land acquisition Bill, currently in the state assembly, addresses most of the contentious issues by hiking compensation levels but restricting the social impact assessment. If this Bill is to be passed by the assembly, and then get the President’s assent, it could open the way for other states to follow just as they are doing in the case of labour reforms.
Post Comments
More from fecolumnist

Editorial: From Russia  with loveShould mobile VoIP services be charged extra?
Given Russia’s rapidly worsening relations with the West, prime minister Narendra Modi could find it tougher to carry on negotiations with Russian president Vladimir Putin later today, more so because of Russia’s closer ties with China now. But given this hasn’t stopped Modi from getting US president Barack Obama to be the chief guest at the Republic Day celebrations, the PM is clearly a better negotiator than most imagined, concentrating on commercially viable deals for the time being. And several of those are expected, ranging from those in defence to those in petroleum. Among the defence deals being talked of are those on joint development of the 5th-generation fighter aircraft and the BrahMos mini missile along with a multi-role transport aircraft. Greater cooperation between the two countries on diamond trading is also expected, and if successful, that could be a big breakthrough since there is talk of Russia using India as a diamond hub—Russia is the world’s largest producer of diamonds and India the world’s largest cutting and polishing centre for low-value diamonds.
More significant will be the negotiations on petroleum with Russia keen to find a non-European demand centre of the type it found in
China with whom it just signed a $400 billion deal that could see Russia supplying up to a fifth of Chinese demand. The collapse in global petroleum prices presents a good opportunity for India to drive a better deal, and though a gas pipeline—linking to the proposed TAPI one—is being talked of, there are several tricky issues here; so LNG exports are probably a better option for now. Whatever the deal—the costs of gas to China are likely to be in the $11-13 per mmBtu range—it is ironic that this will be way above the price India is willing to pay domestic explorers. If Russia is to get ONGC Videsh Limited (OVL) to invest more in exploration as is being talked of, as FE has reported, it needs to better its terms considerably. Right now, for every R100 OVL earns from its Imperial Energy fields, around R87 is paid back to the government by way of taxes and cesses.
Since both presidents Putin and Obama will be interested in signing more deals for nuclear plants—and to make progress on the existing ones—prime minister Modi will need to urgently address the issue of the nuclear liability Act. That will be difficult, coming as it does on the heels of the 30th anniversary of the Bhopal disaster, but no nuclear supplier—including an Indian one—is going to assume unlimited liabilities for a plant that is to be run by a third party, the Nuclear Power Corporation of India Limited. Without progress on this, the likely MoU for negotiations on Units 5 & 6 at Kudankulam are likely to yield little, as are the deals inked with the US to supply nuclear energy.
Post Comments
More from fecolumnist

What to make  and whereShould mobile VoIP services be charged extra?
The Census recently held dissemination workshops in several Indian cities for promoting use of its data (www.censusindia.gov.in). Given that it is expensive to ask questions in huge population surveys, such caution exercised in promoting dissemination of its data is well placed. Census and other data published by CSO and NSSO have implications for usage for our Prime Minister’s Make in India call, which has appealed to firms in India and globally to manufacture in India, and make the country a hub for such goods. This is a major new national programme designed to facilitate investment, foster innovation, enhance skill development, protect intellectual property and build the best-in-class manufacturing infrastructure (www.makeinindia.gov.in). It makes eminent sense since India leapfrogged the manufacturing revolution and made the transition from agriculture to become a service-based economy.
However, how do foreign or Indian firms know the comparative advantages of cities/regions, to enable them to make certain goods rather than others? At help we have many regional economic tools to enable us to assess this.
Central to an understanding of a region’s core competence for the government of India is how employment in industries A and B are concentrated across regions of the nation, and for regional planners to understand which industries are concentrated in their own regions. The location quotient (LQ) is a device for comparing a region’s share (of employment, value added or output) of a certain activity with its share of some basic aggregate, say manufacturing, which the Census of India or the Annual Survey of Industries (ASI) data report. If LQ>1 for a region in an industry, it is an export industry; if LQ<1, then the good we are examining in the region would be an import industry. If LQ>1, it means that the industry employs a greater share of local workforce than it does nationally, which implies that the industry is producing more than is consumed locally, indicating its expertise in producing that good. If LQ<1, it means that local residents and businesses are purchasing goods and services from outside the local area.
There are limitations with the approach. It is possible that propensities to consume, income levels, industrial mixes and labour productivity may be different across regions, hence even in some cases when LQ>1, the region may be importing the goods and vice-versa. Given this limitation, a way in which the method can be used is to see changes in LQ over time for a region. In such an approach, large declining LQs would indicate that the industry is important to the local economy and losing it would create problems. Small and growing LQs indicate that the industry will promise future growth for the local economy, and that it should be supported. Small declining LQs indicate that they are not important to the local economy; large increasing LQs are desirable since they are the base of the local/regional economy. Analysis of the region/city’s LQs for all industries would, therefore, send signals as to what the area’s competitive advantage is and how it is changing over time.
Shift-share analysis is another tool to analyse regional and local competencies to manufacture goods. This technique enables one to disaggregate employment growth in a regional economy into three components: the impact of the growth of the national economy; the growth of the industry in which the firm is located overall; and the local competitive advantages due to which local employment growth can be attributed. If the local competitive advantage in an industry is high, then a major portion of employment growth in the local/regional economy will be due to this effect. Hence, it is important for policy-makers to understand what local/regional economies are competent at. While shift-share analysis will help to disaggregate the part of employment growth which is entirely due to local competitiveness, it will not help to identify the source of the comparative advantage—which could be availability of raw materials, proximity to markets, skilled labour force suited especially for the kind of industry, local leadership or institutions.
Further, there are economic base techniques which originated with the need to predict the effects of new economic activity on cities and regions. The Commonwealth Games in Delhi would have created a number of forward-linkages (stores and businesses which sold merchandise) and backward-linkages (real estate, construction—to build accommodation and other facilities for the athletes no matter how poor they were—roads and other sectors which were put in place in preparation for the games) to other local businesses. One may like to answer the question: What was the impact of the Commonwealth Games on Delhi’s local economy?
The Economic Base (EB) model is an analytical tool that can answer this question which will enable the regional planner/policy-maker to understand the ‘basic’ sector in a city or a region’s economy. The basic sector is one that is dependent on external factors. For example, an airplane manufacturer builds and sells airplanes to companies and countries throughout the world. It does not sell planes to families or households locally, so their business is dependent on exporting their goods. Non-basic sectors are dependent largely on local business conditions as, for instance, a local grocery store. Hence, here we assume that all economic activities can be identified as basic or non-basic.
EB theory asserts that the means of strengthening and growing the local economy is to develop and enhance the basic sector which is the ‘engine’ of the local economy; pointing out that the local economy is the strongest when it develops economic sectors which are not closely tied to the local economy, because it can better insulate itself from economic downturns given external markets will remain strong, even if the local economy experiences problems. By contrast, a local economy wholly dependent on local factors will have trouble responding to economic slumps. Therefore, to determine a city/region’s core competence, the basic sector needs to be identified.
Thus, there are a number of analytical tools which can help the regional planner, policy-maker and the firm to make an informed decision regarding what to make and where to make them. It is already 2014 and the Census of India 2011 still has not released the data which would enable us to compute the above. The government should expedite the publication of relevant data by Census and other agencies in a timely fashion, to benefit from the research and to determine where and what to make in India.
By Kala Seetharam Sridhar
The author is professor, Centre for Research in Urban Affairs, Institute for Social and Economic Change. Views are personal
Post Comments
More from fecolumnist

Innovation India-style  by IBMShould mobile VoIP services be charged extra?
IBM has brought fresh cheer to neighbourhood vegetable-sellers, who fan out every evening with their carts full of produce illuminated by cheap LED lamps in colours designed to highlight their goodness—red for tomatoes, green for spinach and white for radish and cauliflower. Big Blue has successfully trialled an unusual idea in Bangalore, using spent laptop batteries to power LED lamps, which could reduce the problem of e-waste while improving the lives of people such as vegetable-sellers, who are poorly connected to power grid.
It’s not exactly rocket science. Laptops are typically rated 40 or 60 watts, so a new battery can power an incandescent bulb, and a spent one, whose output has fallen below 40 watts, can light up LEDs, which run on very low power. IBM finds that a discarded battery can power an LED lamp four hours a day for a year. Add a charging circuit, which is trivial to design and incredibly cheap to manufacture, and you should, theoretically, have the cheapest possible source of light, barring sunshine. Oddly enough, however, the estimated price of R600 is 20 times the cost of a basic LED light juiced by a mobile charger, which is available from the unorganised sector in India.
The IBM device would reduce e-waste, of course, but abstemious India commercially incentivised recycling so many generations before the western markets that waste reduction seems like old hat. The US learned to pay people to junk their cars just a decade ago—and even then, owners had to drive long distances to collection centres—while the Indian kabari-wallah has been carting off whole cars for princely sums, quite possibly from the time that the first vintage cars were delivered to India’s maharajas.
Here, the problem is not so much the recycling of e-waste and consumer goods as the regulation of recycling. Until recently, kabadi-wallahs used to make headlines by picking up radioactive material unsafely trashed by labs. Many lives and livelihoods have been spectacularly lost to radiation burns in this manner. Those lurid stories no longer make the front pages, perhaps because the owners of radioactive material have been burned so many times by scandals that they have learned safe disposal practices without even trying. But, in the meantime, the boom in consumer electronics and communications hardware has raised a wave of e-waste. Despite rules framed by the ministry of environment and forests in 2012, it is estimated that nationally, less than 2% of e-waste is properly treated. Conurbations such as the National Capital Region have become hot zones of e-waste. While the recycling of automobile batteries has been reined in following concern about cadmium and lead from the plates leaching into groundwater, what about the lithium from the batteries for laptops, tablets and mobile phones?
That could be a happy story, ironically. Lithium is used clinically to treat bipolar disorder. In subclinical doses, too, it may have a salutary effect. In 2009, researchers at Oita University in Japan discovered a small but statistically significant negative correlation between suicide rates and the level of lithium in groundwater in 18 municipalities they studied. Of course, the levels found were orders of magnitude lower than clinical dosages, but another correlation suggested that lithium may actually reduce the tendency to slash one’s wrists. While it fails to stabilise the moods of some bipolar people, even they are less likely to take their own lives after therapy than similar people untreated with lithium. If such a thing is conceivable, lithium may have a suicide-proofing effect at very low dosages.
But we digress. Our theme was not the use of lithium at low dosages, but the reuse of spent electrical storage to run low-power devices. Energy storage will remain a serious issue over the coming decade, through which the price of solar power is expected to drop. To the delight of libertarians, US prices per watt fell in double-digits in 2013, a joint study by the National Renewable Energy Laboratory and the Lawrence Berkeley National laboratory reported, 19% being the upper figure. Private, consumer-generated green energy, dismissed as a pipe dream a decade ago, could be an everyday reality a decade from now.
But since night is an everyday reality too, the storage of solar energy generated during the day would be at least half of any success story. Assuming that solar panel prices will continue to plummet, the other half would be the development of low-power devices, many of which already exist. An LED panel is a low-power light-bulb, a smartphone is a low-power computer, and so on. Storage remains an issue and while IBM’s solution with spent laptop batteries is seriously more expensive than the offerings of the unorganised sector, the fact that one of the biggest global brands is taking interest in small, retail energy storage can only accelerate innovation and research.
pratik.kanjilal@expressindia.com
Post Comments
More from fecolumnist

BSE Sensex falls 229 pts to 6-week low of 27 602.01Street sees good show after stellar year
After a day’s breather, Indian stocks continued their downslide today with benchmark Sensex tumbling 229.09 points to six-week low of 27,602.01 on sharp losses in RIL and ONGC after further drop in crude oil price.
Similarly, the 50-issue CNX Nifty of the NSE also plunged by 62.75 points, or 0.75 per cent, to end below 8,300-mark for the first time after one and half months at 8,292.90.
In line fall in local equities, the Indian rupee fell to nine-month low levels of 62.3 against the greenback.
Weak Asian trends on the back of overnight steep fall on Wall Street amid slow down in capital inflows weighed on the stock market sentiment here.
Besides Oil&Gas, realty, IT, power and banking counters also suffered heavy losses while only some of the defensive pharma stocks attracted some buying interest.
Besides RIL and ONGC, Infosys, ICICI Bank, HDFC, Tata Motors, Bharti Airtel, TCS, Tata Steel, Hero MotoCorp, Tata Power and Gail India suffered marked losses.
Brent crude oil fell to five-year low below USD 65 a barrel, putting pressure on oil companies.
The BSE 30-share barometer resumed lower on weak Asian cues and moved in negative terrain throughout the day before concluding at 27,602.01, a fall of 229.09 points or 0.82 per cent. This is its weakest close since 27,346.33 on October 30.
Yesterday, Sensex had snapped a three-day falling trend as it recovered by about 34.09 points or 0.12 per cent.
“Weak Asian markets and fresh fears from Euro region kept Indian markets volatile. Mixed sentiments on the back of weak rupee and lower oil too added to the volatility. FII liquidity outflow on the back of profit booking too added to weakness,” said Hiren Dhakan, Associate Fund Manager, Bonanza Portfolio.
Investors were also cautious ahead of the release of Consumer Price Index-based inflation and Index of Industrial Production scheduled on Friday.
A total 11 out of 12 BSE sectoral barometers ended in the red. Market breadth was weak as about 1,750 stocks fell, 1,139 rose and about 100 ended flat.
Bucking the overall weak trend, sugar stocks were in limelight after government fixed higher price for ethanol procurement by PSU oil firms.
Post Comments
More from indianmarkets

Age before duty: No proposal to raise retirement age of Babus says govtTata Motors sales up 10 pct in December
There is no proposal before the PM Narendra Modi administration to hike the retirement age of central government employees from the present 60 to 62 years, Minister of State for Personnel Jitendra Singh told Rajya Sabha today.
Singh also said there is no proposal to fill up the backlog vacancies of SCs, STs and OBCs with general category candidates.
The minister said “NO, sir” in a written reply to a question on whether the government has decided to increase the retirement age of central government employees from the present 60 to 62 years.
In another written submission, he said there is no proposal to fill up the backlog vacancies of SCs, STs and OBCs with general category.
He informed the House that around 1.75 lakh employees retire from the central government every year.
The Department of Pension and Pensioners’ Welfare has launched an initiative on a pilot basis for 2000 pensioners to help in the individual in transiting smoothly to a post-retirement life.
Post Comments
More from industry

Russian bank to provide up to $1 bn credit to Essar GroupDec 11, 2014, 08.23 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Russian bank to provide up to $1 bn credit to Essar Group
The agreement to this effect was signed by Essar co- founder Shashi Ruia and VTB Chairman Andrey Kostin in presence of PM Narendra Modi and Russian President Vladmir Putin on Thursday.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Russian bank to provide up to $1 bn credit to Essar Group
The agreement to this effect was signed by Essar co- founder Shashi Ruia and VTB Chairman Andrey Kostin in presence of PM Narendra Modi and Russian President Vladmir Putin on Thursday.
Post your opinion here
 
Russian bank VTB will provide up to USD 1 billion credit to Essar Group for its corporate and project needs.
The agreement to this effect was signed by Essar co- founder Shashi Ruia and VTB Chairman Andrey Kostin in presence of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Russian President Vladmir Putin here today.
The MoU "envisages finance arrangement of USD one billion to Essar by VTB for general corporate purpose," an official statement said here.
The deal is intended to finance the continued conThe agreement to this effect was signed by Essar co- founder Shashi Ruia and VTB Chairman Andrey Kostin in presence of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Russian President Vladmir Putin here today.solidation of certain assets in Essar Group's investment portfolio and the strengthening of their capital structure.
This financing follows the successful USD 1.2 billion transaction arranged in 1H 2014 by VTB Capital which acted as Financial Adviser and Financier for the company in taking its key assets private, which were listed on the London Stock Exchange, VTB said in a statement.
RELATED NEWS

Top 4 reasons why Dalal Street is edgyTop four factors why Sensex is under pressure
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 11, 2014, 04.50PM IST
Tags:
Bank of China
(Sensex seems to have run…)
MUMBAI: After hitting an all-time high late last month, the S&P BSE Sensex now seems to have run out of steam. The index has seen a massive correction of over 1280 points or 4.45 per cent in just nine trading sessions. The weakness is expected to continue for some more time in the market and the benchmarks may slip further in the coming sessions.
Following are the factors that are impacting the Indian markets:
Crude oil: Global equity markets came under selling pressure as crude oil price fell to near $60 per barrel after OPEC lowered its projection for 2015 by about 300,000 barrels a day to 28.9 million a day.
The OPEC report has cut its forecast for growth in global demand in 2015 due to a weaker outlook for Europe and Asia, and predicted higher supply growth from shale and other non-OPEC sources.
This led to a sharp correction in the US and the Asian markets. Fall in crude oil prices is a positive for India. However, if it is on account recession in global markets, it can have a negative impact on the Indian exports.
Global factors: Even as market experts remain optimistic on Indian growth story, negative news flow from around the world is making FIIs jittery.
Despite efforts by central banks, economic activity refuses to pick up in Europe, Japan and China. The slowdown in China is evident even as the People's Bank of China unexpectedly lowered interest rates. There are concerns that recovery in Europe will be fragile.
"The eurozone recovery remains fragile, with weakness widespread across member countries in both the periphery and the core. The last two quarters witnessed a marked slowdown in Germany, where yoy growth sagged to 1.2 per cent in 3Q14 from 2.3 per cent in 1Q14," said a Fitch Ratings report.
Rupee depreciation: The Indian rupee has fallen 0.42 per cent against the US dollar to 62.28 in trade today, its lowest level since February.
The rupee has been on a steady decline against the US dollar. Over the last couple of months, the US dollar has strengthened against global currencies. Somehow, the Indian rupee had been steady and didn't depreciate to the extent most other global currencies have.
Analysts are expecting the rupee to slip to 63 per dollar mark by the end of March 2015.
"While India's macro strength would prevent a sharp INR depreciation, we still expect USD/INR to push to 63 by the end of March 2015," said a Kotak Securities report.
Technical levels: The market has corrected from its higher end of trading range and is close to support levels. It breached intermediate support of 8,300 intraday making traders nervous.
"I will look at that 8,250-8,300 mark. As long as it does not break that, it is a buy on dips market, but once it cracks that 8250 level decisively, then we could see a much deeper cut and possibly then, I would wait for those lower levels for investment opportunities," said market expert Ambareesh Baliga to ET Now.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sistema to discuss CDMA spectrum reserve price with govtDec 11, 2014, 08.40 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Sistema to discuss CDMA spectrum reserve price with govt
Mikhail Shamolin, President & CEO of Sistema told CNBC-TV18’s Malvika Jain that spectrum is priced at a prohibitive rate, and such a rate may well hamper further investment into the country.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sistema to discuss CDMA spectrum reserve price with govt
Mikhail Shamolin, President & CEO of Sistema told CNBC-TV18’s Malvika Jain that spectrum is priced at a prohibitive rate, and such a rate may well hamper further investment into the country.
Post your opinion here
08:00 pm
There may be more spectrum available to telecom companies, but the latest pricing formula continues to give telecom operators a bad case of heart-burn.
Mikhail Shamolin, President & CEO of Sistema told CNBC-TV18’s Malvika Jain that spectrum is priced at a prohibitive rate, and such a rate may well hamper further investment into the country.
“For us it is very important to understand how the telecom policy will be changing and evolving in the future, what is going to happen with the spectrum availability. The kind of prices on the CDMA spectrum that we saw announced recently are exceptionally high and almost prohibitively high for making return on telecom investment and we will be in a deep discussions on that,” he said.
As far as the size of the investment is concerned, the company thinks it is a bit early to tell. “It will depend on the spectrum pricing discussion,” Shamolin said.
RELATED NEWS

If You Want Me to Care About Your Brand  Then Know What I Care Aboutreddit
A colleague once gave me a piece of advice about writing - "Write as if you're writing for family members." This advice has always served me well, until I sat down today and really thought about the meaning behind these words. See, the problem is that it doesn't specify which family member I'm writing for - my wife? My son? They'll both interpret what I have to say differently, and while my words may be relevant to one, they may miss the mark with the other.
Therein lies the challenge many marketers are facing today. With all the avenues of communication available to brands - from traditional advertising and marketing to 140-character tweets and even wordless Instagram photos - the issue is not just about reaching consumers, but rather resonating with them.
We have access to all kinds of data that help us learn about our consumers - we know who they are, what they like, and where they shop. But there's little data that tells us how to form an emotional connection with them. Going back to my wife and son, what is relevant to a female Baby Boomer is vastly different from what a male Millennial cares about. It makes sense then, for marketers and brands to want to tailor their messages to best cater to the relevant priorities of their target audience...
...but how? How do we find out what these priorities are, what consumers care about? And, taking it one step further, how do we figure out which of these priorities matter most to them?
Recently, MWW conducted a study to get to the bottom of this, and the   results are worth noting, particularly the breakdown of generational (Baby Boomer versus Millennial) priorities. A lot of focus is placed these days on the impact Millennials have on society - from the workplace and politics to technology and entertainment - but Boomers shouldn't be discounted; they are the   largest generation in U.S. history, making up approximately 25% of the total population, still controlling a majority of consumer spending power. Running a PR agency that employs a lot of Millennials, the results were interesting to me on both a personal and professional level, and worth a read for any marketer trying to connect with either generational demographic. Here are three insights to keep in mind:
Boomers are the anti-Millennials. This may seem fairly obvious, but our research showed that Baby Boomers place a high value on certain life priorities that Millennials, frankly, just don't care much about.  And Millennials identified a wide variety of high priorities, whereas Boomers attached a high importance to a smaller set of values.
So what matters more to Millennials versus Baby Boomers? Millennials placed a high importance on "maintaining an even work/life balance," "making a lot of money," "having achievements recognized," and "being a leader." Boomers, on the other hand, valued "living in a just society," "being tolerant," "being loyal to cultural traditions and traditional priorities," and "playing by the rules."
Boomers are traditional, Millennials are trendy. Millennials prioritized "being a trendsetter" 4x higher than Boomers did, likely a result of growing up in the digital age, where information and trends are instantly shared with one another. It's worth noting that Millennials also prioritized "staying at the forefront of technology" 2.7x higher than their parents. On the opposite end of the spectrum, Boomers identified that it was extremely important to them to remain loyal to traditional views and values, rather than gravitating towards the latest trends and feeling like they're constantly trying to "keep up."
Boomers care about the greater good, Millennials care about the great them. This is in no way meant to sound like Millennials are selfish, but instead represents the Millennials' interest in having their own achievements recognized. They believe that together - but also individually - they can change the world. Boomers, however, seem to care more about the greater good of society - instead of going at it alone, they ask "what is best for society?"
So whether you're a marketer trying to get your message across to a specific demographic, or a CEO sitting down to share his thoughts in a blog post, the goal is the same for everyone - say something that forms a true connection with your audience, that taps into the priorities that matter most to them. At the end of the day, isn't that what we're all trying to do?
Remember, what you say matters, but how you make people feel matters more. To quote the great Maya Angelou, "I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel."
More:

Modi-Putin meet: India  Russia aim for $30 bn tradeIndia manufacturing activity expands to 2-year high as orders surge; PMI at 54.5 in Dec
Looking to deepen economic and trade ties, India and Russia today agreed to jointly explore for oil and gas, build petrochem plants, lay pipelines and cooperate in infrastructure development and smart cities to treble bilateral trade to USD 30 billion by 2025.
Russian President Vladimir Putin and Prime Minister Narendra Modi envisage broader collaboration between hydrocarbon companies in oil and gas exploration and production as well as in LNG projects and supplies.
“It is expected that Indian companies will strongly participate in projects related to new oil and gas fields in the territory of the Russian Federation. The sides will study the possibilities of building a hydrocarbon pipeline system, connecting the Russian Federation with India.
“They will also examine avenues for participation in petrochemical projects in each other’s country and in third countries,” a joint statement said.
Bollywood actress Sonam Kapoor, right, helps Prime Minister Narendra Modi, center, and Russian President Vladimir Putin while lighting a lamp at the World Diamond Conference in New Delhi. AP
The leaders have encouraged Indian and Russian companies to pursue greater participation in each other’s power generation projects, as also in supply of equipment, technology for enhanced oil recoveries and extraction of coal, including coking coal.
Recognising the enormous untapped potential in bilateral trade, investment and economic cooperation, the two leaders encouraged businesses to explore opportunities arising from increasing national focus on infrastructure development and expanding the manufacturing sector.
It is expected that Russian companies will utilize the opportunities in a wide range of Indian sectors and will ‘Make in India’, it said.
The two sides agreed to step up efforts for enhancing bilateral trade in goods and services and set a target of USD 30 billion by 2025, it said adding “it is expected that the level of mutual investments by then will be over USD 15 billion each way.”
It also said that an emphasis will be laid on promoting Russian investments in India in major infrastructure projects like DMIC, smart cities and freight corridors, telecom, power and roads.
“In Russia, Indian participation in Industrial Parks and technology platforms, in sectors like pharmaceuticals, fertilizers, coal and energy will be encouraged,” it said, adding that the two sides would encourage specialized investment funds to invest in these sectors and in the joint manufacturing of high technology products.
“In this context, they welcome the initiative of a direct investment fund of USD 2 billion between Rosnano and suitable Indian investment partners for implementation of high-tech projects. They will protect the legitimate interests of investing companies,” it added.
In particular, it said, both the sides will enter into discussions to renegotiate the existing bilateral agreement for protection and promotion of investments, initially agreed on 23 December 1994, to provide for the protection of foreign investments in each others’ territory.
The two leaders will encourage payments in national currencies for bilateral trade.
“The Working Group established for this purpose will make recommendations on eliminating the existing barriers and stimulating transactions in national currencies,” the joint statement said.
The leaders agreed that the initiative launched by India and the Eurasian Economic Commission for a Joint Study Group (JSG) to explore the feasibility of a comprehensive economic cooperation agreement covering trade in goods, services, investment cooperation, movement of natural persons and mutual recognition of standards, is of great importance for bilateral economic cooperation.
“The Russian side will support the productive work of the JSG so that this Group completes its study within an optimal timeframe,” it said adding “the leaders noted that the International North-South Transport Corridor can vastly improve the efficiency of bilateral trade by significantly reducing transit time and freight costs”.
India and Russia would work together to conclude the necessary multilateral arrangements and outreach to step up the use of this corridor at the earliest.
The leaders also noted that the governments of the two countries and their industry representatives should join hands to disseminate information about business opportunities in each other’s countries.
“The sides also agreed on mutual trade facilitation measures, particularly with regards to simplified customs procedures. In this context, they agreed to finalize shortly a protocol on a “Green Corridor project,” it said.
Both the leaders invited companies to realize the substantial opportunities in engineering, pharmaceuticals, information and communication technology, chemicals, fertilizers, metallurgy, agro and animal products and transport.
Further they agreed to encourage linkages between other regions and cities of the two countries with a view to enhance trade and investment, tourism, cultural and people-to-people contacts.
“The leaders expressed confidence that a web of linkages between these and other regions and cities will bring substantial benefits to these regions and cities and bolster India-Russia partnership further,” it added.
Noting the synergies between national efforts to develop a knowledge-economy powered by technology and innovation, India and Russia will increase collaboration in joint design, development, manufacturing and marketing of technology-driven products and scientific interaction between the countries.
HIGHLIGHTS
(Reuters) Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Russian President Vladimir Putin got straight down to talks on Thursday on boosting nuclear and defence cooperation at a summit aimed at reviving an old friendship that has faded over the years.
Putin’s one-day visit to India, at which a raft of agreements were signed, comes at a time when Russia is at odds with the West over Ukraine, and its economy is stalling as oil prices tumble to their lowest in five years.
Here are some of the key announcements:
ENERGY
* Russia’s state-owned Rosatom will supply 12 nuclear energy reactors to India over 20 years, under an agreement aimed at boosting nuclear energy ties between the two countries.
* India’s Essar Group signed a deal with Russian oil producer Rosneft to import oil.
* Russian bank VTB will open a $1 billion credit line to Essar Group, chief executive Andrei Kostin said.
* The Russian Direct Investment Fund and India’s IDFC agreed to invest up to $1 billion in Indian infrastructure projects including in ports, toll roads and hydropower.
* India’s Tata Power signed a pact with the Russian Direct Investment Fund to increase energy investment between the two countries.
DEFENCE
* Russia, which is India’s top defence supplier, offered to manufacture the Ka-226T – an advanced multi-role helicopter – in India.
* The two countries agreed to produce 400 of the helicopters a year in India, the Russian deputy Prime Minister said.
* The helicoper, which could be used for both military and civilian use, could also be exported from India, Modi said.
* India has proposed that Russia also manufacture spares and components for its defence equipment in India, Modi said.
MINING
* Russia’s state-controlled diamond monopoly Alrosa will increase direct deliveries of the gemstones to India.
* Modi said he wanted Alrosa to have more direct long-term partners in India, and that special notified zones would boost India-Russia ties and the diamond industry.
* India’s top iron ore miner NMDC signed a memorandum of understanding with Akron to buy a stake in a potash mine in Russia.
Russian, Indian funds to invest $1 billion in infrastructure
(Reuters) The Russian Direct Investment Fund will team up with an Indian partner to invest $1 billion in infrastructure and hydroelectric projects in Asia’s third-largest economy, the head of the Russian state fund told Reuters on Wednesday.
The RDIF and India’s IDFC, a leading infrastructure investor, will each commit $500 million to projects under a deal to be signed on Thursday during Russian President Vladimir Putin’s visit to India.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi wants to overcome India’s chronic power shortages, and the country has vast untapped hydroelectric potential in its northern Himalayan belt.
RDIF head Kirill Dmitriev told Reuters the investments would back projects involving a large Russian hydro-power company but he declined to name the company.
The only large Russian player in this area is state-controlled Rushydro. Rushydro’s spokeswoman Yelena Vishnyakova could not immediately be reached by for comment.
IDFC, which is 16 percent state owned, confirmed it would sign a partnership with RDIF but declined to comment on the details.
The Russian fund was set up in 2011 with $10 billion in state funds. It can back investments as long as its partners match it at least dollar for dollar. Dmitriev said he expected to commit funds to the Indian projects next year.
The RDIF has so far invested $1.3 billion of its own money along with $6 billion by outside investors, mainly sovereign wealth funds from the Middle East and Asia.
Dmitriev said the RDIF had managed to turn profits on investments in a Russian telecoms company and the Moscow stock exchange despite Western sanctions, a slowing economy and sliding oil prices.
Post Comments
More from economy

Japan Automakers Expand Passenger Air Bag RecallsWelcome to 2015. What just happened? Where did 2014 go? Television personalities Ryan Seacrest and Jenny McCarthy...
John Locher/AP Photo

The Work-Life Strategies That Really Matterreddit
Photo: Dusit / iStockphoto.com
Every year for the last decade, I've spoken to MBA graduates returning for their one-year reunions. As predictable as the annual return of swallows to San Juan Capistrano, graduates who flock back to campus bring with them real-world anxiety over three things:
1. Work: doing meaningful work
2. Companionship: finding a life partner, or figuring out life with their partner
3. Balance: dividing time and energy between work and family
Among my own business school classmates, who marked our 40-year reunion last year, the issues haven't changed much. While for many of us, life's ups and downs may have rounded off the sharp edges on those same apprehensions, they remain the struggles of our lives.
If any of us in the class of '73 has had success in four decades of dealing with these existential concerns, it's because we recognized the truth of the following:
You can't do it all yourself. Those who've done well will likely have one significant quality in common: They'll have joined (or formed) the right teams. After picking the best players, they'll have shared their own successes, and celebrated the successes of others. As Chicago Bulls coach Phil Jackson advised a young and wildly talented Michael Jordan, "Let the game come to you." After Jordan committed to being a team player (though not always as the nice guy), the Bulls won six NBA World Championships. In the same way, realizing that both business and family life are "team sports" will help with finding a team-centered life.
Life is a marathon. A meteoric rise right after grad school is impressive, but long-term success is far more satisfying. Life is a marathon, not a sprint. Quick success sometimes goes to people's heads -- and makes them forget everyone who helped them get where they are. In the 1980s, after good fortune and good times made many folks wealthy, real estate markets collapsed. Some panicked; others dug in -- and dug out. It turned out that no one was as smart as they thought on the way up (or quite as dumb as others thought on the way down). But steadfast efforts when the chips were down revealed character not apparent when things were going well.
Bouncing back is key. Scanning reunions for grads once deemed "Most Likely To Succeed" may not reveal the ones who did. Brains and ambition help, but it's a never-say-die resiliency that allows people to move forward through life's inevitable setbacks. "Most Likely To Bounce Back After A Fall" might have been a better yearbook category.
Give before you get. Real friends give without calculating a return on their friendship. So do spouses. Even salespeople first give information and authentic assurances in order to make sales. And while children require that you give, give, and give some more, they can return something far more valuable than you ever gave them -- the chance to pass on the best of what you know, and the best of who you are, to the next generation. We end up caring about things for which we sacrifice. So finding opportunities for giving goes a long way to relieving personal and career anxieties -- which can be rooted in the desire to get before we give.
Don't underestimate refuge and recovery. I've never met a career-driven person who's found peace in work alone. You need a space for refuge -- a way to be alone, to recreate and to recover -- or things can go south. Letdowns are inevitable, so make sure you meditate, pray, stay active or have a close friend in whom you can confide. Making sure you have the time and place and support for recovery is not selfish. It's essential.
Wealth, power, fame and influence -- perhaps all well and good -- don't reliably deliver satisfaction or meaning in life. I submit that meaning comes from the ability to look back with pride and to look forward with peace, knowing that those we've worked with and cared for are better off for having known us. If recent graduates could be sure of these, they might choose to live with their team in mind.
Follow Joel Peterson on LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/in/joelpetersongsb and Twitter: www.twitter.com/JoelCPeterson
Follow Joel Peterson on Twitter: www.twitter.com/JoelCPeterson
More:

Come Back to Me D. W. Moody Hardwarereddit
I have a confession to make. There are some things I am not good at...friends will be amazed to hear me say it, but it's true.
There is no place that this is more apparent than being in one of the great superstores like Home Depot or Lowe's...I walk in and am immediately intimidated by the walls of products, usually 6 times my height.  I find that by walking quickly and scanning, nodding my head sagely now and then, I can look like I know what I am doing, but I really don't.
You know what I want for Christmas this year? For D. W.  Moody Hardware to re-open.  A small local hardware store here in Montgomery, AL, they seemed to have just about anything you needed, but the difference was in the people who worked there.  I was Bil Hitchcock to each person who worked there...they knew who I was, what I did well with, but more importantly what I DIDN'T do very well....after all they had known me since I was 9.....and I am not too far from kissing 59 squarely on the lips.
For instance, if they saw me in paint/stain, they left me alone, knowing I would come to them with just what I wanted, but that I needed to think quietly while I put things together.  I was tops in the bird seed aisle, and did pretty well in the gift and sundries section.
BUT if they saw me in something scary, like electrical, three would be at my side, carefully guiding me and asking VERY specific questions about amps and 110s and 220s, things I vaguely get...and don't even get me started about power tools...that might bring the whole staff.
The point here is that I was working with Dee or Meri Moody, or Tim, Jim,  or whoever...they always asked about my Mama, how was that broken arm doing...how did that last paint color work....while they guided me through whatever project I was starting...these people  were all my friends.
I find I miss that....a lot.....it's sort of like the TV show Cheers.....I DO want to go to a place where everybody knows my name.
Come back to me D. W.
More:

GOSF a huge success this year  Tata Housing bags 10 000 bookings: GoogleRoche loses patent for osteoporosis drug in India
Internet giant Google said that response to the ongoing Great Online Shopping Festival (GOSF 2104) has “exceeded wildest expectations”, with Tata Group’s realty arm Tata Housing having bagged 10,000 bookings in a single day.
“The GOSF has exceeded the wildest of our expectations with the response that we have had to GOSF,” Google India Managing Director Rajan Anandan said.
Anandan said that in spite of high traffic, the user experience is seamless and the sites are not going down.
“This is unlike the experience last year, when there were issues with connectivity,” he said.
He said realty firm Tata Housing alone has witnessed 10,000 bookings of flats within the first day of the GOSF, for which Google has tied-up with 450 merchants who are offering special discounts on merchandise.
The Google India head said this is very important as users have to pay Rs 25,000 for the booking.
Meanwhile, Bangalore-based Puravankara booked 125 homes online in less than 12 hours of the offer going live in both the Puravankara and Provident brands.
The sale, which is on till December 12, has seen sales of small and medium online retailers surge by up to ten times, while the same for established retailers like Flipkart and Amazon are up by up to 100 per cent, Anandan said.
The busiest section is a special deal corner offering items at Rs 299, while the busiest time for the shopping is between 1800-0000 hours and during lunch breaks between 1200-1400 hours, he said.
Post Comments
More from companies

PSU bankers paid very poorly  rues SBI chief Arundhati BhattacharyaLamenting that bankers are paid very poorly in India, especially at public sector banks, SBI chief Arundhati Bhattacharya today said there is an urgent need to provide better remuneration to attract good talent.
Bankers are paid poorly in India as compared to their counterparts elsewhere in the world, she said.
“Let me start with income of banking professionals in India. Here, 70 per cent of the banks are in public sector and they are paid very very poorly compared to market,” she said at Delhi Economic Conclave here.
The SBI chief said there is urgent need to improve quality of board members by providing them suitable renumeration so that the overall efficiency improves.
“We are very blessed in that. SBI has invariably had very good quality board. But that may not be true across (other banks’) board. One of the reasons is very low renumeration that is given to the board directors,” she said.
“If you are trying to attract best in the field, they have to be remunerated accordingly. We must insist on people who are coming into the board having sufficient hands on experience in both planning and execution in their respective areas,” she said.
So, this is something that government can easily implemented and should be done, she added.
The comments come about a week after PSU bank employee unions went to a four-day relay strike to press for early revision of wages.
With regard to governance, she said P J Nayak Committee has very clearly laid out certain roadmap as to how governance can be taken forward.
“I believe the government is looking at it. While they do look at it, I believe there are very some low-hanging fruits and those could be easily implemented within a short period of time,” she added.
Talking about changing regulation in tune with the present system, Bhattacharya said India has over 60 Acts and multiple rules and regulations that govern the financial system at the moment.
“Many of the laws are from 1950s and 1960s. The banking regulations themselves they were established before ATMs, credit cards, internet banking, investment advisory, private banking, mutual funds,… whole lot of other things,” she said.
“These acts have been amended from time to time to keep pace with changing reality but the legal foundations have remain more or less static and as the result the framework is very complex and inconsistent,” she said.
“Occasionally, it is also open to regulatory arbitrage. So, we need to look at these things also holistically and move the laws to be in tandem with the times,” she added.
With regard to improving governance, Bhattacharya also pitched for a good Whistle Blower policy with the objective to protect innocent and punish guilty.
“In the area of governance, its very very important especially in the public sector banks to nurture and have a good Whistle Blower policy to ensure that people who actually give right information are properly rewarded and those who actually misuse the system they are penalised,” she said.
“We must free the public sector from the disgruntled and weapons of anonymous and superfluous complaints that they use. These complaints very often contain allegations that are totally full of lies but a lot of resources get tied up in looking into these things,” she added.
Good people who have taken strong decision should not be unnecessary paralysed on account of false allegations, she said.
Post Comments
More from bankingampfinance

Is Housing Cost as a Percentage of Income a Failing Measurereddit
There are a great many analysts and economics experts who use the percentage of income spent by consumers on housing in various ways to measure economic health and spending patterns.  Real estate practitioners love times like these for marketing, as they can show that in most markets it's cheaper to buy than to rent.  With interest rates still low and owned homes having to compete with foreclosures in the market, prices of homes not in foreclosure haven't been rising much.  Two recent articles only a day apart at money.cnn.com present interesting contradictions.
Millions of Americans are spending too much on housing
In this article, the stats say that more than 40 million Americans are spending more than 30% of their income on housing (mortgage/rent, taxes, and home expenses).  Renters are said to be in worse shape, spending 49% versus 26% for homeowners.
Though home prices are rising, they're still below the highs before the crash.  The economy is a major factor, with wage stagnation cited as aggravating the problem.  Even with low interest rates and home prices overall, buyers are still few and far between.  This data is alarming to some economists, as housing plays a big role in our economy.  Rental property investors are still happy and buying, but that's slowing as well with rising prices.
Housing guru Shiller: Put your money in stocks
Robert Shiller, a Nobel Prize winning economist and one of the originators of the widely-used Case-Shiller Home Price Index, made a surprising statement at a recent panel discussion.  He says that for wealth accumulation Americans should be renting and putting their spare money into the stock market.
He uses Switzerland as an example, where the home ownership rate is very low, people rent, and they're in far better economic shape than the average American.  The first contradiction seems to be in the numbers for the cost of rent-vs-own as a percentage of income.  If the average homeowner truly does spend 23% less (49% - 26%) of their income to own, then they should be in better shape, with more money to invest.
Even more confusion results from Mr. Shiller's CAPE Index, which predicts future stock market returns.  Right now it's not pointing to good news in the next five years, so why the buy stocks advice?  In the same discussion he says that home ownership can ultimately be a good investment, especially if the homeowner avoids second mortgages and home equity loans.  Wow, what should we be doing?
So, what's the real story?
I believe that the real story is in the poor economy, stagnant wages, and shortage of good employment for graduating college students.  Some of them aren't equipped for the best jobs, as their degrees aren't in areas needed, but there's just not a lot of economic growth going on.  If wages aren't going up, and we know that rents are rising, it's obvious that more of income will go to housing.  This is especially true when stringent credit requirements and lack of a down payment are keeping people in rentals, increasing demand.  But is that housing's fault or just a lousy economy as a whole?
When I look at the stunning highs the stock market keeps hitting, it's scary.  It looks a bit like the housing market in 2006.  It isn't in my playbook to move money from real estate into stocks, but I don't have the expertise to predict a stock market crash either.  So, what is one to do?
Consumers:  If you're able to buy, it may be a good decision, as prices will continue to rise, though slowly.
Rental property investors:  Times are still good.  Until and unless the economy and wages improve, rents will continue to hold or rise.  If you can buy at a bargain below market value, offering a nice property at just below prevailing rents should keep it occupied.
These type of conflicting articles are everywhere, indicating a lack of any definite trend for either the general economy or the housing market.  Whether you're a consumer or an investor, just use caution and buy right, a strategy that is always wise in any market.
Follow Dean Graziosi on Twitter: www.twitter.com/deangraziosi
More:

Tyeb Mehta canvas sold for Rs 15cr at auctionTyeb Mehta canvas sold for Rs 15 crore at Christie's auction
PTI Dec 11, 2014, 10.45PM IST
Tags:
Christie's
(The Mehta canvas, dating…)
MUMBAI: Renowned artist Tyeb Mehta's untitled canvas depicting a falling bull today got sold for a whopping Rs 15 crore at the second edition of Indian art auction held by the Christie's here today.
The Mehta canvas, dating back to 1999, for which the Christie's was expecting a maximum price of Rs 12 crore, got picked up through an online bid from New York. The identity of the buyer was not revealed.
The auction began 7 PM today at the Taj Mahal Hotel. Bidding started at Rs 5 crore and the price kept going up till it reached Rs 14 crore when calls with overseas buyers resulted in longish pauses, before the final bid was made.
The amount paid for the Mehta work is hammer price and excludes buyer's premium and applicable taxes.
The Switzerland-based Christie's conducted its first India art auction on December 19 last year, when it sold a work by the late Vasudeo Gaitonde for a record Rs 28 crore, the biggest price ever paid for an Indian painter's work.
The house is auctioning 78 lots, down from 83 last year, including paintings, sculptures and also diaries at the auction tonight.
Other works which fetched high price included Francis Newton Souza's untitled work depicting Indian family which got sold for Rs 7.5 crore, Tyeb Mehta's oil on canvas "Girl in Love" for Rs 3.6 crore and Syed Haider Raza's "Les Toits de la rue St Jacques" painted in Paris for Rs 3.8 crore.
Rabindranath Tagore's pocket book in Bengali having 270 leaves of manuscript notes, poems, songs, calculations, doodles and drawings fetched Rs 1.7 crore at the auction. Other works like Gaitonde's untitled work painted in 1998 were snapped up for Rs 5.5 crore.
Mehta, who passed away in 2009, was a part of the celebrated Bombay Progressive Artists' Group, which included greats like F N Souza, S H Raza and M F Husain.
Christie's has been selling Indian art since its inception, with founder James Christie offering four India pictures painted on glass at the inaugural auction way back in 1766.
Christie's opened an office in India in 1994 and, a year later held its first stand-alone Indian art sale in London. In 2002, one of Tyeb Mehta's paintings was auctioned for Rs 8 crore, the highest price fetched by an Indian painting at a global auction till then.
As many as ten contemporary pieces donated by artists such as Subodh Gupta and Bharti Kher are also under the hammer this year, the proceeds from which will go to Khoj, the artist residency programme established in 1997.
This year's auction also includes significant works and items by some of the country's designated 'national treasure artists', which are considered of such importance to the cultural development of the country that they cannot leave the country.
Christie's is the only international art auction house to conduct annual sales in the country. It is present in 32 countries.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ktaka govt issues 25 rules for private taxi servicesLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Ktaka govt issues 25 rules for private taxi services
Following the crack down on private cabs in Delhi, Karnataka too, has moved to stream line private taxi services in the state. The state govt has issued a list of 25 guidelines, foremost among them being the requirement to have a valid permit to operate.
Post your opinion here
09:00 pm
Following the crack down on private cabs in Delhi, Karnataka too, has moved to stream line private taxi services in the state. The state govt has issued a list of 25 guidelines, foremost among them being the requirement to have a valid permit to operate. The result - several cab companies suddenly find themselves in the transport departments "banned" list, report CNBC-TV18's Poornima Murli and Payaswini Upadhyay.
It's been banned in the capital after the unfortunate Uber incident, but there is some respite for Ola cabs as it has been allowed to continue services in Karnataka. Ola isn't the only one breathing a partial sigh of relief. Meru Cabs also finds itself on the list of 8 cab companies which have been permitted to operate in the state. The government is now hinting at strict action against operators who still haven't registered with the state's transport department.
Rame Gowda, Karnataka Transport Commissioner, said, "Till now 8 have registered. Others who have not registered are not allowed to run. However some cabs are not yet registered and if they operate we will take action against them."
Taxi for sure, Zoom Cars and Cars are the three aggregators that have been banned in the state, reason: the state transport department claims these companies haven't got a permit to ply yet. However Zoom Cars says it does have a permit and is in compliance with law.
David Back, founder Zoom Cars, said, "'We are registered as self drive commercial. We do not have a taxi cab permit. So, this announcement, we are aware of it but it doesn't affect us." "We already have the permits. That's old news. We want to make sure that we are not only in compliance with the law but that we are actually going beyond our legal obligations to do whatever is best for our members."
The state transport department has not only cracked the whip against cab operators plying without valid permits, but it also wants to ensure that all taxis which the companies operate comply with the permit conditions for city taxis under Section 74 and 84 of the Motor Vehicle Act, 1988. Under a new set of guidelines issued this week, all private cabs must display their permits prominently, and have communication systems connecting the vehicle to the company control room. Having electronic fare meters installed in the cab is another requirement. It remains to be seen how quickly private cab operators manage to comply with the stricter norms in order to get themselves back on the road.
RELATED NEWS

Govt delinks ethanol cost from petrol;links it to cane costLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Govt delinks ethanol cost from petrol;links it to cane cost
The sugar sector finally has something to cheer about. The share prices of sugar companies jumped between 4 and 6 percent, after the government, for the first time, de-linked the price of ethanol from the price of petrol, and linked it to the price of cane, reports, CNBC-TV18's Varinder Bansal and Archana Shukla.
Post your opinion here

Americans  Wealth Slips in 3Q as Stock Values FallWelcome to 2015. What just happened? Where did 2014 go? Television personalities Ryan Seacrest and Jenny McCarthy...
John Locher/AP Photo

Varanasi: Two priests die as banter turns into bloody clashComments
What started off as one-upmanship between two tirth purohits (priests) over who has more yajamans (clients) turned into an armed clash, resulting into the death of two and serious injury to another in Vindhyachal area of Mirzapur on Thursday. The deceased have been identified as Mritunjay Dwivedi, 32, and Shiv Shanker Giri, 32.
According to reports, Mritunjay was having breakfast at a shop at old VIP road in Vindhyachal when Gyanchand Pandey, who runs a cycle-stand and belongs to a family of priests, arrived there.
They soon began to banter about whose family had more yajaman, which then turned into a verbal duel and manhandling.
Gyanchand, who lives nearby, rushed home and returned with a gun. He fired a shot at Mritunjay’s neck and another at his chest, killing him on the spot.
Soon, another priest, Shiv Shanker Giri, reached the spot and tried to stop Gyanchand from firing. Gyanchand, however, in a fit of rage, opened fire on Giri, injuring him. Dhananjay Dwivedi, Mritunjay’s elder brother and a few of Gyanchand’s family members reached the spot and Dhananjay was injured in the ensuing clash.
All three — Mritunjay, Shiv Shanker and Dhananjay — were rushed to a nearby hospital where Mritunjay was declared brought dead, while Shiv Shanker died in the hospital. Doctors referred the seriously injured Dhananjay to Varanasi for further treatment.

Merck suspends trial of Ebola vaccineMerck’s Ebola vaccine trial suspended
David Crow in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/325860ec-814d-11e4-896c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

EU lorry shake-up faces long delay© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ea77c89c-8135-11e4-b956-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

How preying on easy targets makes us dumber and meanerBy Alyssa Rosenberg December 11, 2014 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
University President Teresa Sullivan speaks during a board of visitors meeting about sexual assault at the University of Virginia on Tuesday Nov. 25, 2014 in Charlottsville, Va. The meeting cames after Rolling Stone published an article describing a woman’s account of a brutal gang rape, and what the magazine called a hidden culture of sexual violence at the school. (AP Photo/The Daily Progress, Ryan M. Kelly)
The saga of the Rolling Stone’s story on rape and the University of Virginia seemed like it had reached its awful apex last week. But the whole mess only got worse when Charles C. Johnson, who has made a career of redefining harassment as investigative reporting, issued a public blackmail threat to Jackie , the main character in the Rolling Stone piece, insisting she come forward and admit she is a liar or he would release her name. (He did, and then had to walk back his own story .)
It’s tempting to dismiss Johnson as some sort of wild outlier. But he is only one practitioner of what’s become a common and disturbing propensity to unleash the firepower of the internet on easy targets, rather than on the people with real authority and influence in any given situation.
Johnson’s decision to out Jackie implies that she has some sort of power. But even before my colleague T. Rees Shapiro comprehensively checked out her story and Rolling Stone disavowed the trust they placed in her , it’s laughable to think of her as some sort of scourge of the U-Va. campus, or indeed particularly influential in any way at all.
When Jackie went to Nicole Eramo, the dean who runs U-Va.’s Sexual Misconduct Board, more than a year before the article was published, it’s not as if the university automatically suspended Phi Kappa Psi, the fraternity where Jackie alleged she was attacked, sent out a warning to students, or in fact took any sort of school-wide action at all. Though U-Va. President Teresa Sullivan put a hold on Greek activities after the Rolling Stone story was published, fraternities will be allowed to start up activities at U-Va. again on January 9 . And now that some observers have suggested that Jackie could be a legal target herself and she has apparently hired a lawyer , she seems definitively on the defensive.
In trying to use her as a symbol without bolstering her story with other reporting, Rolling Stone’s shoddy reporting helped to destroy any power Jackie might have had to be an advocate, without needing to name her or doxx her. The nastiness of Johnson’s actions is compounded by how utterly unnecessary they were — already vulnerable, she had been widely marginalized and disavowed even before he offered a bounty for her name.
This same total mismatch between targets and stated goals came to characterize Gamergate, an Internet convulsion that took place this summer and fall. Ostensibly a consumer revolt against alleged corruption in the video gaming press, Gamergate’s most visible manifestation was a campaign of harassment against female video game developers and critics.
Some of the targets of Gamergate participants are reasonably high-profile and influential. Zoe Quinn had garnered considerable press attention for her text-adventure game “Depression Quest,” particularly in the wake of Robin Williams’ suicide. Anita Sarkeesian, who produces a series of videos about gender-related tropes in video games, has become a prominent critic in part because a years-long series of attacks against her have served to validate her analysis that many titles in the industry speak to grossly retrograde attitudes about women.
But the video game industry is enormous, with $15.39 billion in sales in the United States alone last year. A small independent title like “Depression Quest,” which users can play for free or buy for a price of their choice , is hardly a challenge to the prevailing business model. And while Sarkeesian has certainly won converts, she and other feminist critics didn’t do much to blunt  the record-breaking sales of “Grand Theft Auto V.”  On the otherhand, big gaming companies have tremendous power to shape coverage from gaming sites (and drive sales) by using review copies and their enormous advertising budgets as leverage. An emerging feminist consensus at sites like Polygon and Kotaku may frustrate readers who prefer first-person shooters to text adventures, or who want to read reviews oriented towards game mechanics rather than wider-ranging cultural criticism. But there’s really no equivalence or even reasonable comparison to make between the influence of feminist game critics and the clout wielded by giant corporations manufacturing tremendously popular products.
Weird or disingenuous target selection is hardly a problem limited to conservatives. A year has passed since  the Justine Sacco incident , in which a public relations executive at InterActiveCorp made a stupid joke before getting on a plane, tweeting: “Going to Africa. Hope I don’t get AIDS. Just kidding. I’m white!” This was a particularly stupid thing for someone in PR to Tweet, suggesting a certain level of incompetence that at minimum might make a potential client think twice before signing a contract with Sacco.
But because Sacco was on a plane, and like most of us, not using overpriced airline wifi access to keep up on things while in the air, mocking her became a multi-faceted parlor game. The hashtag #HasJustineLandedYet trended worldwide as people waited for her to discover the storm she’d created. Some of the people going after Sacco were mostly using her as comedic material to keep themselves amused in the traditionally slow weeks leading up to the holidays. But others were genuinely outraged. There was enough real anger in the mix that IAC fired Sacco, she released a detailed apology, and when she returned to professional life this summer, some people  actually seemed sort of surprised  that anyone would consider her employable.
These examples vary in severity and seriousness, but they do have one thing in common. In each case, the people going after Jackie, or feminists in gaming, or Justine Sacco went after the easiest possible targets for their grievances. Shoddy reporting, market failures in entertainment journalism and stupid casual racism are all problems, even if they vary in importance. But engaging in preening self-congratulation for going after vulnerable figures rather than relevant ones only helps make our conversations stupider and meaner.
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

http://usat.ly/1vHumDCCongrats if you scooped up these stocks!
By: Matt Krantz December 11, 2014 12:43 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
AP
A three-day slump in stocks — created a big opportunity for brave investors paying attention to scoop up some quick gains.
There are 14 stocks in the broad Russell 1000 index, including medical services provider athenahealth (ATHN), trendy apparel seller Urban Outfitters (URBN) and office supply chain Staples (SPLS) that are up 5% or more Thursday as the market shakes off recent fears on strong retail data .
These powerful jumps are yet another example of how being brave and bold has been a way to win in the stock market. Each time the market runs into trouble — due to some seemingly scary external factor — simply is a chance to make a quick buck. The market is exploding higher Thursday — after suffering that past three days on fears falling oil prices will hurt corporate earnings.
Interestingly, the big winners from the day’s pop are the stocks that were rallying while the rest of the market was suffering. Athenahealth is a big winner, gaining nearly 11%. The stock is now nearly 12% higher than where it was when the market topped recently on Dec. 5.
It’s a similar story for Staples. The stock is up 9.2% Thursday to $16.18 a share, pulling it further ahead of its level on Dec. 5 of $14.38.
The lesson? When others are nervous –you should be looking to capitalize — at least in this market.
RUSSELL 1000 STOCKS UP THE MOST THURSDAY
Company

Fiat Chrysler Denies Plans to Expatriate FerrariWelcome to 2015. What just happened? Where did 2014 go? Television personalities Ryan Seacrest and Jenny McCarthy...
John Locher/AP Photo

Snapdeal buys tech platform WishpickerSnapdeal buys tech platform Wishpicker
Did a massive volcanic eruption in India kill off the dinosaursLava leftovers may offer clues to dinosaur extinction
View Photos
Eruptions in India could have contributed to their extinction.
Caption
Eruptions in India could have contributed to their extinction.
  Researcher Mike Eddy uses a rock hammer to scrape out fine grained material from a rock layer within the Deccan Traps, step-like hills formed by lava in India that cover roughly the sizes of the states of Washington and Oregon combined. Around the end of the Cretaceous period, there was a massive volcanic eruption in India. Gerta Keller
Buy Photo
Wait 1 second to continue.
Another co-author of the Science paper, Sam Bowring of M.I.T., said what's important is that everyone now knows more accurately when the Deccan Traps eruptions began and ended.
"I do not think for a minute that this denigrates the role of the impact in the extinction, and I don’t think it proves that the impact didn’t have anything to do with the extinction. But what I think it does, for the first time, is establish with high precision and accuracy that the Deccan Traps began just prior to the extinction and continued throughout the extinction," Bowring said.
“Whether or not you can say it played a role in the extinction is quite another matter. But at least now we can have a conversation on good temporal grounds," Bowring said.
The fundamental problem for the hypothesis that volcanism caused the mass extinction is that it doesn't seem to be necessary. The mass extinction, including the demise of the non-avian dinosaurs, was for a long time among the greatest mysteries in science , but few people view it as a mystery anymore.
Until 1980, scientists struggled to understand why so many life forms abruptly went extinct. Not only did the tyrannosaurs disappear, so did many species in the seas, including most of the species of tiny marine organisms called foraminifera. The Cretaceous/Tertiary boundary, usually referred to as the K/T boundary (the K is from the German word for Cretaceous), is clearly marked in marine sediments by the sudden drop in the size and diversity of foraminifera. Below the boundary, in older sediments, the forams are relatively large. Above, there are only small forams. The evidence points to a sudden, planet-wide extinction event.
Historical explanations included some kind of disease, or the drying up of inland seas putting stress on the dinosaur population, or  a supernova irradiating the Earth. But then came the stunning discovery by Luis and Walter Alvarez, father and son scientists, who while studying a clay layer marking the K/T boundary in Italy found striking amounts of iridium.
That iridium, the Alvarezes concluded, came from an object from space that collided with the planet. In the decade that followed, scientists zeroed in on the "crater of doom" at the tip of the Yucatan. Residue from the impacting asteroid, which is believed to have been about seven miles in diameter, has been found in roughly 300 locations around the planet. There are also signs of a tsunami that inundated coastal Texas.
Scientists prefer parsimonious explanations -- the simpler the better. Thus many appear reluctant to add the Deccan Traps to a tidy K/T extinction narrative. The asteroid impact appears to be the smoking gun, and any additional element to the narrative could potentially have a grassy-knoll quality to it.
“It’s a remarkable event, it’s a huge impact, and it lines up exactly with the extinction,” said Kirk Johnson, director of the Smithsonian’s National Museum of Natural History and an expert on the mass extinction. “You don’t need anything else.”
David Fastovsky, a geoscientist at the University of Rhode Island, said a coincidence in the fossil record doesn't imply causation. Asked whether the volcano-plus-impact could have been a one-two punch, he said, “Possibly, but why do we need to do that? We have enough already with this asteroid.”
But volcanoes will not be ignored: The largest extinction event in the planet's history, about 250 million years ago at the end of the Permian, appears to have happened at the same time as another massive volcanic eruption in Siberia -- the Siberian Traps. There was also a huge volcanic eruption in what is now the northern Atlantic Ocean that was coincident with a mass extinction at the end of the Triassic, Bowring said.
“The idea that flood basalts and extinctions are related is not a new idea," Bowring said. "Easy to say, difficult to prove.”
Another conjecture circulating among geophysicists is that the impact of the asteroid might possibly have sent such a powerful jolt of energy through the planet that it exacerbated the already-occurring Deccan Traps eruption on the far side of the world, and incited volcanic activity in other locations as well. That idea remains in the category of speculation.
The broader lesson here is that science is not a business in which anyone can ever safely say "case closed." Knowledge is always contingent upon the next batch of data, which could be coming along any day now.
Joel Achenbach writes on science and politics for the Post's national desk and on the "Achenblog."

Scientists map 48 bird genomes  unlocking their dinosaur pastsBy Rachel Feltman December 11, 2014 Follow @rachelfeltman
A birds-eye view of the bird family genome. (AAAS/Carla Schaffer)
If you feel like your science news has been invaded by birds today, it's not your imagination: The journal Science published a series of papers (like, a whole bunch) dedicated to our feathered friends, and for good reason.
The flagship study of the bunch announces that 48 birds (at least one from every major bird lineage) have now had their entire genetic code uncovered. Until now, scientists only had a handful of common birds to work with. This massive increase in data has allowed researchers to uncover new information about the evolutionary origin of birds, the genes and brain mechanisms that drive their behavior, and their relationships to each other.
In other words, scientists pretty much just completed the bird family tree.
And that's a tricky tree to plant. Birds, which are the most species-rich class of four-limbed vertebrates, are the surviving descendants of dinosaurs. But understanding why birds survived while other dinos didn't -- and how they got to be such a diverse class of animals -- has long been a mystery. Modern birds split into different species many millions of years ago, so it's hard to pinpoint when and how they diverged from common ancestors.
But this glut of studies is the first solid step in solving that mystery. In one paper, for example, scientists used modern genomes to reconstruct the genome of an ancient organism -- the last common ancestor of crocodiles, birds, and dinosaurs.
Did you know that crocodiles are more closely related to birds than other reptiles? (David Ray)
Crocodiles, which have evolved very slowly, are actually more closely related to dinosaurs and birds than to other living reptiles. Once they had the new information from birds, researchers were able to piece together what a common ancestor would have looked like -- or what its DNA would have looked like, anyway. This will help scientists study past and present animals of that branch of the tree of life.
And the new genomic data helps tell the story of how birds survived the mass extinction of the other dinosaurs, too: Some have suggested that birds separated into many different species some 10 million years before the mass extinction that killed dinosaurs, but these studies suggest that the species boom occurred after. It's likely that a small number of birds survived the extinction, the researchers report. With so many evolutionary niches left empty by newly-extinct animals, birds were able to evolve into a wild collection of different species.
The genome mapping effort, which has resulted in eight papers this week in Science and another 20 in other journals, took the work of 200 people from 80 labs and several months of data-crunching with a super-computer. Read more about a couple great highlights -- what human speech and birdsong have in common , and how birds lost their teeth .
This Animation by Carla Schaffer of the American Association for the Advancement of Science illustrates major branches of the avian tree of life. (AAAS/Carla Schaffer)
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

Uproar in Rayja Sabha over eulogising Nathuram GodseUproar in Rayja Sabha over eulogising Godse
HT Correspondents , Hindustan Times  New Delhi/ Pune, December 11, 2014
First Published: 14:22 IST(11/12/2014) | Last Updated: 02:05 IST(12/12/2014)
Comments
Opposition members created an uproar in Rajya Sabha on Thursday against the eulogising of Mahatma Gandhi killer Nathuram Godse at a November 15 function in Maharashtra.
Opposition MPs engaged in a verbal duel with treasury benches, leading to two adjournments. Earlier in the day, BJP MP from Unnao, Sakshi Maharaj, triggered a controversy by calling Godse a patriot. Later, he withdrew his words saying he did not mean it the way it had been interpreted.
Congress leader Husain Dalwai raised the matter in the Rajya Sabha during Zero Hour saying he has already written to Maharashtra CM about the event. He accused certain right wing organisation of holding such programmes and creating communal tension through religious conversions. “These people talk of development, but are trying to create a rift in the society,” he said.
Parliamentary affairs minister Venkaiah Naidu said, “There is no question of eulogising such a person. We should leave the matter there, but defaming an organisation is not acceptable.”
Godse’s kin speaks
Accusing Congress of raising the issue of Nathuram Godse out of ‘political frustration’ Himani Savarkar, a descendent of Godse, said that no outsider was present at the “family function” — held to mark Godse’s birthday on November 15.
Savarkar is the daughter of Gopal Godse, Nathuram’s brother. “It was Congress which banned the release of his testament before the court. Is it not suppression?  My father published Nathuram’s statement with court permission. How will the Congress justify this?” she said, adding that the Congress had raised the topic out of desperation.
“Why did Congress not take any action when it was in power? We are doing it for past 64 years. What is wrong if somebody is thinking of Akhand Bharat?” she asked.

With Eid and Diwali  Shah explains why Kashmir is ModisparivarWritten by Muzamil Jaleel | Srinagar |
Posted: December 12, 2014 1:50 am
Three days Narendra Modi’s first rally in Srinagar, BJP president Amit Shah was in the valley to drive home the Prime Minister’s message.
Unlike in Jammu, where the BJP’s only agenda is saffron, Shah told Kashmiri Muslims that Modi’s only agenda for them is vikas and not the “outdated politics” of “dynasty-run political parties (NC and PDP)” or of the Congress, “which only acts as their crutch”.
“Just as you want to spend Eid with you families, Hindus want to spend Diwali with their families. Modi spent his Diwali with you because he believes Kashmir is his parivar,” Shah said Thursday. During his travels in Kashmir, he said, “everywhere I saw a hunger for change in the eyes of the people. I saw a hunger for development in the eyes of the people. I saw appreciation for Modi in the eyes of the people”.
Shah addressed his first rallies in Kashmir. He made a stop at the separatist stronghold of Shopian and addressed party workers, and also talked to around 300 party workers in a park in Jawaharnagar, a Srinagar area totally inundated during the recent floods. “This is my sixth visit but I am addressing a rally for the first time,” he said.
The local BJP had put up a tent in the park, where supporters in saffron caps and Modi masks had gathered. Like Modi, Shah too was in a pheran.
“Some people have created an atmosphere of fear around the BJP here. They say the BJP will come and they will do this, they will do that in the valley,’’ he said. “Should I tell you what will happen when BJP comes? Should I? When the BJP comes, every house will have access to electricity. When the BJP comes, every household will get clean water. The BJP will bring doctors and medicine to hospitals. Tourists from around the world will come to Dal Lake and sit in shikaras.”
The BJP has entered the J&K polls with a dual, simultaneous strategy. In Jammu, the party uses Hindutva and a promise of shifting the leadership of the state from Kashmir to Dogra-Hindu Jammu. The party doesn’t openly talk about its larger political ambitions, its stance on abrogation of Article 370 and repeal of the Permanent Residence Act that provides only state subjects the exclusive right to property, to employment, and to voting to the assembly. This political strategy has been helping the BJP uproot the Congress from Jammu.
In Kashmir, the BJP doesn’t talk politics at all, or even about the separatist and militant movement, or about Pakistan. Here it focuses exclusively on the promise of development, jobs, good governance and a freedom from “dynasty-run parties”. Simultaneously, the RSS works through Muslim Rashtriya Manch, Minority Morcha, NGOs and various proxy groups to create a Muslim-friendly image.
Shah said 2014 would be written in golden letters in continued…

Ex-MPs son found dead on rlytracksBy: Express News Service | Patna |
Posted: December 12, 2014 1:46 am
The son of former Munger MP Dhanraj Singh was found dead on the railway tracks near Phulwarisharif here on Wednesday night.
The body of Amrendra Singh, a 45-year old businessman, was badly mutilated and his family has alleged that he was murdered by some of their relatives.
The Patna Government Railway Police said the body was found about four kilometres from Patna railway station, where Singh had boarded a train for Jamshedpur. They said the body was disfigured and both hands were cut.
The victim’s mother Rajmani Singh and wife Geeta allege that Amrendra was murdered and that his body was thrown on railways tracks to pass it off as an accident.
“My husband’s body has several injury marks on his face suggesting the use of sharp weapons. Amrendra had an argument with a relative over business-related matters recently. We suspect murder and want a thorough investigation,” Geeta, who lives in Patna, said.
The police said Amrendra had argued with some relatives over the possession of Raj Tower — a marketing complex at Boring Road.
Besides being in the property dealing business, Amrendra owned a Jamshedpur school.

Now  cease anddesistBy: New York Times |
Posted: December 12, 2014 1:43 am
We learned a lot from that big Senate Intelligence Committee report on CIA interrogation tactics after 9/11. It was may be the first time in American history that the term “rectal hydration” appeared in family newspapers throughout the land. One of the most unnerving parts involves the fact that the waterboarding, ice baths and wall-slamming were conducted under the direction of an outside contractor. It isn’t the first time the government turned to private enterprise and wound up with a human rights disaster — think Abu Ghraib. But this seems like an excellent place to demand a cease and desist.
The specialists’ names are James Mitchell and Bruce Jessen. Like many contractors doing work for the government, they’re former government workers themselves — in this case, military psychologists. Mitchell and Jessen had acquired their expertise by teaching air force officers how to resist brutal Cold War-style interrogations. Think pilots who get shot down behind enemy lines and get tortured by communists. And for all we know, they may have done a great job showing their pupils how to withstand pressure to record a statement denouncing the United States when they crash-land in North Korea.
But it’s not precisely the same thing as trying to get a suspected al-Qaeda operative to tell you where Osama bin Laden is hiding. Plus, Mitchell and Jessen had no experience as actual interrogators, did not speak any of the detainees’ languages and had no particular knowledge about Islam or al-Qaeda. They did have some theories about other psychologists’ work subjecting dogs to random electric shocks until their will to resist was completely broken. Maybe, the two men thought, you could torment human beings into the same state of “learned helplessness”. Worth a try, right? Mitchell and Jessen set about applying the theory to prisoners the CIA had collected. Some of them had already been cooperating with interrogators. Others turned out later to have had no involvement with al-Qaeda whatsoever.
Others, undoubtedly, were bad people with information the CIA needed, who had resisted talking under nonviolent interrogation. The question then becomes whether they cooperated better under “learned helplessness” or simply made up stories to placate their torturers and send the CIA off in the wrong direction.
The Intelligence Committee report concludes that all the torturing produced very little information that was useful and possibly quite a bit that was made-up. While we would love to believe that the human rights angle would be most effective in shocking the American people, polls show that when it comes to suspects with possible terror involvement, the public attitude toward torture is kind of meh. So, wisely, the committee’s big point was useless/ counterproductive. And why the private contractors? Maybe because the actual government interrogators didn’t believe torture worked either.
The New York Times

The great GameFolioPosted: December 12, 2014 1:39 am | Updated: December 12, 2014 8:54 am
Afghanistan 2015
As America ends the combat role of its armed forces in Afghanistan this week, the coming year will severely test New Delhi’s Kabul policy. As Pakistan becomes, once again, the most important external actor in Afghanistan, Prime Minister Narendra Modi should resist the temptation to compete with Rawalpindi across the Durand Line. America’s hopes that Afghanistan will be a more secure place than it was five years ago, when Washington dramatically raised its military presence, have begun to fade. Amidst the resurgence of the Taliban, which has sanctuaries in Pakistan, Afghan forces have had one of the worst casualty and desertion rates this year.
Kabul has barely managed to organise an orderly succession after the new republic’s first president Hamid Karzai finished his second term earlier this year. America’s attempt to promote a political reconciliation between Kabul and the Taliban was a spectacular failure. The fanciful idea that putting all of Afghanistan’s neighbours in one room might produce a regional peace framework never really had a chance.
Matters will certainly come to a head next summer, when the Afghan forces face an all-out Taliban offensive to retake Kabul. Until then, we should see an intense diplomatic play, with the Pakistan army at centrestage.
Forward policy
Raheel Sharif, Pakistan’s chief of army staff, was in Washington recently, wowing many with the promise of promoting peace in Afghanistan. General Sharif says Rawalpindi wants to focus on the multiple internal challenges confronting Pakistan and needs stability on the western frontier. Sharif has also reached out to Kabul. The president of Afghanistan, Ashraf Ghani, is apparently ready to take Rawalpindi’s words seriously, at least for the moment. After all, there can be no peace in Afghanistan without some support from the Pakistan army.
Many in India would scoff at General Sharif’s sweet talk on Afghanistan and shake their heads at American naivete in falling for the same trick that every Pakistani general performs with such ease in Washington. Realists in Delhi would say there is no reason to believe Rawalpindi will change its spots. Having invested so much blood and treasure over the decades to gain an enduring influence across the Durand Line, the Pakistan army is not about to turn a new leaf on Afghanistan. Delhi is probably right in believing that Rawalpindi is more likely to throw good money after bad in pursuit of “strategic depth” in Afghanistan. But it should learn to hold its tongue.
The doctrine of “strategic depth” is not an invention of the Pakistan army but a legacy from the British Raj. When British India reached the Indus, the proponents of a “forward policy” suggested that Calcutta must look beyond the natural riverine border, seek influence in the tribal areas, and make Afghanistan a strategic buffer against European rivals. This turned out to be a costly policy for the Raj, but Pakistan’s security establishment adopted it lock, stock and barrel after Partition. Like the Raj, Rawalpindi believes Pakistan’s security needs a pliable regime in Kabul and a less-than-sovereign Afghanistan.
There is a problem, though. continued…

Huge $1.1 trillion spending measure narrowly clears hurdle | US House delays vote on billYou are here: Home > Collections > Senate
Huge $1.1 trillion spending measure narrowly clears hurdle
AP Dec 12, 2014, 12.12AM IST
Tags:
Barack Obama
(The aim is to approve the…)
WASHINGTON: A $1.1 trillion US government-wide spending bill narrowly cleared a major hurdle Thursday and headed toward a final vote later, despite opposition from tea party Republicans over immigration and Democrats angry over last-minute changes to bank regulations and looser rules on campaign spending.
The 214-212 vote came on a resolution to start debate. Republicans were upset that the measure fails to block President Barack Obama's recent actions on immigration and anger from Democrats over the two provisions they consider poison pills.
The White House put out a statement endorsing the measure.
With lawmakers facing a midnight Thursday deadline to prevent a government shutdown , Congress was also expected to pass a measure to keep the government running for two days. The aim is to approve the longer-term bill before adjourning Friday, though that could slip into the weekend.
Passage later Thursday was in at least some doubt because Democrats, whose votes Republican leaders need to adopt the bill, were furious over provisions that weaken regulations on risky financial instruments called swaps and another that allows wealthy donors to flood political parties with campaign cash. The two items, neither of which was disclosed until late in this week's negotiations on the bill, are particularly toxic to Democrats.
Many Democrats tended to focus more on the bad than the good since the 1,603-page bill was released late Tuesday. Large swaths of Republicans praised it for cutting spending for the tax collection agency and the Environmental Protection Agency.
But Democrats won victories, too, and the alternative is to boot the unfinished spending bills into next year, when Republicans will have retaken the Senate and bolstered their numbers in the House. Republicans were cautiously confident that they would get the Democratic votes they need to pass the bill.
The underlying measure funds the day-to-day operations of every agency of government in a year in which such so-called discretionary spending has been frozen at current levels for both domestic agencies and the Pentagon. It's the biggest remaining item on the agenda of the current Congress that hopes to adjourn by week's end.
The compromise bill permits virtually the entire government to operate normally until the fiscal year ends next year on Sept. 30, with the exception of the Homeland Security Department.
Funds for that agency will run out on Feb. 27, when Republicans are expected to try to use the expiration as leverage to force Obama to roll back a decision suspending the threat of deportation for an estimated 4 million immigrants living in the country illegally. The measure adheres to the tight budget caps negotiated previously between the White House and Republicans.
FEATURED ARTICLES

US  troubled  that Crimean leader in India with Putin | $2.1-bn Russian diamonds inkedUS 'troubled' that Crimean leader in India with Putin
Reuters Dec 12, 2014, 01.16AM IST
Tags:
Barack Obama
(Moscow was long India's…)
NEW DELHI: The leader of Crimea, the former Ukrainian territory annexed by Russia, visited India on Thursday as a member of President Vladimir Putin's annual summit delegation, and the United States said it found the reports troubling.
India does not back Western sanctions against Russia, but the unofficial trip by Sergey Aksyonov could spoil the mood before Prime Minister Narendra Modi hosts US President Barack Obama for India's Republic Day festivities in January.
State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said the United States was "troubled" by reports that Aksyonov may have been part of Putin's delegation and was seeking more information.
"We understand that the Indian Ministry of External Affairs have said they were not officially aware of his visit or his participation in the delegation ... We are seeking further clarification on that."
Psaki also referred to reports of new nuclear and defence deals between India and Russia and reiterated Washington's view that it was "not time for business as usual with Russia".
Aksyonov arrived at the upscale Oberoi hotel in New Delhi accompanied by Russian diplomats to be greeted by Gul Kripalani, a Mumbai-based seafood merchant who wants to boost trade with Russia.
Speaking to reporters after signing a memorandum of understanding to promote business, Aksyonov said his visit had "a private character" and he did not take apart in any official events.
He tweeted separately, however, that he had come to India as "a member of the delegation under the leadership of the president of the Russian federation, Vladimir Putin ".
The towering 42-year-old, previously an obscure nationalist politician, was elected in a closed session of the regional parliament after Russian forces in February took control of the Crimean peninsula in a bloodless operation.
He masterminded a quickfire referendum to join Russia that was recognised by Moscow. Kiev and the West say it was rigged.
It was clear that his visit enjoyed Russia's full diplomatic backing, with the consul general to Mumbai and an aide to Ambassador Alexander Kadakin present at the meeting and lunch with businessmen.
No Indian officials were present.
CRIMEAN COMMOTION
News of the event leaked out on Wednesday when the Russian embassy invited reporters to a signing ceremony only to cancel late in the evening.
A spokesman for India's Ministry of External Affairs said he was not officially aware of the Crimean visit. It is highly unlikely, however, that such an event would have taken place without New Delhi being in the loop.
Modi, addressing a joint news conference after meeting Putin, emphasised India's deep security ties with Russia. Moscow was long India's top arms supplier until the United States, which is keen to forge closer ties with New Delhi, took top spot recently.
"Even if India's options have increased, Russia remains our most important defence partner," Modi told reporters. No potentially awkward questions were allowed at the tightly stage-managed event held at an old princely palace.
India, which observes a policy of non-intervention, has refrained from criticising Moscow's takeover of Crimea and support for an uprising in eastern Ukraine that has killed more than 4,300 people since April.
Kripalani, who said his Pijikay Group has annual turnover of about 150 million euros ($190 million), signed the memorandum on behalf of the India-Crimean Partnership - a previously unknown group that he said represented five businesses.
FEATURED ARTICLES

CIA director trying to walk a line: Harwoodcia director trying to walk a line: harwood
Minimum Wage Protests Hit Cities Across U.S.minimum wage protests hit cities across u.s.
New Facebook Search Could Surface Embarrassing Old PostsWelcome to 2015. What just happened? Where did 2014 go? Television personalities Ryan Seacrest and Jenny McCarthy...
John Locher/AP Photo

The Khaps in our homesUpdated: December 11, 2014 10:31 IST
The Khaps in our homes
Anumeha Yadav
Tweet
The Hindu
GUARDS OF HONOUR: “Honour or izzat is portrayed as one of the most valued ideals among Hindu, Sikh and Muslim communities.” Picture shows a Maha khap panchayat in progress in Kurukshetra, Haryana. Photo: Akhilesh Kumar
TOPICS
crime, law and justice
The enforcers of women’s honour are not only Khap Panchayats, but also men in middle and upper middle class households
On November 15, 21-year-old Bhawana Yadav, who had married Abhishek Seth the same week, was strangled in her house in Dwarka, Delhi, by her mother and father, Savitri and Jagmohan Yadav. Her parents had called her to their house on the pretext of discussing a reorganisation of the wedding — this time with their consent.
On November 27 in Raikot’s Johlan village in Ludhiana, Manjit Kaur, a 24-year-old M.Com. student, was strangled by her parents Gurdeep Singh and Amarjit Kaur after they found out about her relationship with a 35-year-old Hindu man living in the same village.
Two days later on November 29, in a village in Hapur district in Uttar Pradesh, 20-year-old Sonu Kumar, a Jatav Dalit, was hacked to death. His wife, 18-year-old Dhanishta, a Rangadh Muslim, was also found with her throat slit, a crime committed allegedly by her brothers in front of the panchayat, for marrying Sonu.
Honour, a valued ideal
Honour or izzat is portrayed as one of the most valued ideals among Hindu, Sikh and Muslim communities. Daughters, wives and mothers are the repositories of this honour for their communities, families, and castes. Ideals of family and community honour are invoked, sometimes with women’s complicity, to condition women to behave in certain ways and to shame and punish them for “inappropriate” behaviour.
The enforcers of this honour are not only groups of old men huddled together and smoking hookahs in Haryana’s villages, but can also be found in middle and upper middle class households. From childhood, children in these households are repeatedly told who they should not marry. In our families and films, daughters are treated as paraaya dhan, to be handed over unsullied to a man of the right caste at the right time.
Neither education nor knowledge of law may guarantee against this tendency. In December 2013, the Supreme Court asked for 30-year-old Supriya Rathore, the daughter of a sitting Rajasthan High Court judge, Justice R.S. Rathore, to be produced in court after a habeas corpus petition was filed by Siddharth Mukherjee. Mr. Mukherjee alleged that Ms Rathore was being kept under house arrest by her father, as he was opposed to her marrying outside their caste.
Academic Uma Chakravarti has noted that the term “honour killing” itself needs to be questioned for its association with the uniqueness of cultures. She says there is a need to examine what structures of power make such violence possible. In Hindu, Muslim and Sikh communities, caste has historically determined control over land and resources, and caste and its reproduction is contingent upon endogamy. While access to money and power is one way of moving up this hierarchy, actions judged as inappropriate and as per normative codes are also critical. “Action to uphold izzat is always a male prerogative; women can only ‘incite’ action... the concept of ‘honour’ in punishing ‘defilers’ is essentially a means of maintaining the material structures of social power and social dominance,” she argues in her 2005 essay “From fathers to husbands: of love, death and marriage in North India.”
In case a couple elopes, it is common for the woman’s family to allege abduction, and sometimes even rape, to regain control over their daughter. The families press criminal charges on the boy and target the boy’s family’s izzat in retaliation for their own loss of izzat. Couples are often forced to stay underground and are sometimes forced to resurface in fear. Legal support groups in U.P. and Haryana have documented instances where boys have been arrested and girls have been sent to nari niketan (state-run shelter homes), where the police and administration, echoing the same beliefs of “honour,” facilitate the father’s or the family’s access to the girl and pressure her further. The girl, even if she is 18 years old, is shown as having been coerced, or to be of unsound mind, or even too irrational to make a decision.
Role of organisations
Along with families, political and ideological organisations are active in safeguarding community boundaries, especially in cases of Hindu-Muslim relationships. The role each adopts in the violence cannot be understood or dealt with in isolation.
Hundreds of kilometres from the North Indian towns that were the sites of the recent killings, in Mohrabadi, an upscale residential colony in Ranchi, Vijay Ghosh, a pracharak with Dharam Jagran Samanvay Samiti in Jharkhand, narrated how the organisation, a wing of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh which works to prevent religious conversions among Hindus, had prevented eight Hindu girls from continuing with their relationships with Muslim boys in the last four months.
“Through my network, I found out that a girl from Sau caste in Seraikella-Kharsawan district, 130 kilometres from here, was having an affair with a Muslim boy there. I contacted her family and approached the administration and have got her placed in a government nari niketan. The boy was sent to jail for abduction. There was a similar case in Dhanbad too, which we managed in the same way,” he said.
Dressed in a brown Nehru jacket and silk kurta and dhoti, 50-year-old Mr. Ghosh explained that if the case involved a Hindu boy and a Muslim girl who were in love or eloping, the organisation took an entirely different approach. They offered the couple all their support, including temporary shelter in the apartment we were sitting in. “Hindu boys are very simple. We take poora daayitva, full responsibility, for the couple. We help in organising shelter and in protecting the couple from any harm [by providing them] with finances,” he said.
While murders make headlines, such instances are not scrutinised in local district courts. It is crucial that the law is made to work to uphold women’s right to choice, and that the courts recognise couples’ right to privacy, protection of life and personal liberty.
Among State measures, based on the All India Democratic Women’s Association’s recommendations, the High Courts of Punjab and Haryana passed an order to set up “couples’ protection homes” in every district in both the States. However, according to activists, this has produced mixed results.
“Every month, 10-12 couples who are facing threats from their families approach the Haryana government and they are made to stay in either police lines or in one room together. They have no privacy, and the police decides and approves whom the boy and girl can meet among visitors,” said Jagmati Sangwan, Haryana State President, AIDWA. Ms Sangwan said that there was increased pressure to shut down these homes from the caste panchayat, which has repeatedly been approaching the Bharatiya Janata Party government in the State. However, despite the flaws in the functioning of these homes, the way forward was to set similar protective spaces in all States while making them more responsive to the couples’ needs, she said.
On November 16, the National Commission for Women Chairperson Lalitha Kumaramangalam set off a controversy when she remarked in an interview to SheThePeople.TV, a website: “Most women don’t even understand what autonomy means. Autonomy sometimes becomes more of a risk for a very aggressive woman.”
“Women’s autonomy is something that is still not okay to defend publicly. We need shelters, helplines, special protection officers, but also gender sensitive campaign material which talks of women’s autonomy — both to say yes and no,” said feminist activist Kavita Krishnan, who is Secretary of the All India Progressive Women's Association (AIPWA).
On the one hand, if reducing sexual violence and rapes against women requires defending a woman’s right to say no, on the other hand preventing violence against intercommunity relationships, which requires scrutinising the notion of “honour,” also requires recognising and supporting a woman’s right to say yes.
anumeha.y@thehindu.co.in

Is 2014 the Hottest or Coldest Year on Recordis 2014 the hottest or coldest year on record
China pushes Lima talks to tense finaleKerry issues warning at stalled Lima climate talks
Pilita Clark in Lima
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1187b6a0-812b-11e4-b956-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

New agri insurance scheme in current fiscal: GovtNew agri insurance scheme in current fiscal: Govt
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 12, 2014 12:43 AM IST
The government said it would bring new guidelines for the proposed agri insurance scheme and clarified that revised guidelines in this regard by the previous government would not be implemented
A new agriculture insurance scheme will be brought in the current financial year, government told the Rajya Sabha on Thursday, while asking states to work in tendem with the Centre to address the problems in the policies and their implementation.
Replying to a debate on the ‘Prevailing Agrarian Crisis in the Country’, Agriculture Minister Radha Mohan Singh said the government would bring new guidelines for the proposed agri insurance scheme and clarified that revised guidelines in this regard by the previous government would not be implemented.
“There have been problems in government policies...and their implementation,” he said but did not spell out these problems.
Holding these problems responsible for the crisis in the agriculture sector, Singh said, “The states and the Centre should unitedly work to remove anomalies in the existing policies after discussions to help for their proper implementation... My attempt is to sit with officials of the Centre and the states to formulate policies by January.” Replying to members over concerns on farmer suicides, he said according to figures by National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB) for 2013, as many as 134,000 people had committed suicide across the country of which 11,772 were from farming background, which is only about 9 per cent of the total.
He lamented that despite major parts of the country facing "drought-like" situation, none of the states came forward to declare it, but said the Centre would step in to offer help.
The Minister stated that the government had earmarked a sum of Rs 8 lakh crore for farm loans during the current year and earmarked another Rs 1,000 crore for providing irrigation to every village. He noted that 60 per cent of the country's land was still without irrigation facilities.
Lauding Prime Minister Narendra Modi for being a farmer's man who will take care of their interests, he said, "a businessman is not sitting at the highest chair of the country".
Singh announced that government would be introducing a scheme for delivering seeds at the doorsteps of farmers, for which it was tying up with the postal department. The Minister also called for strengthening of 'Krishi Vigyan Kendras' as he sought help of 20,000 farm scientists across the country. He said he would be writing to states in this regard.
He urged farm scientists to adopt villages for rescue of farmers from agrarian crisis and hoped the scheme for MPs to adopt each village would also help in this direction.
"Our Prime Minister is aware of the plight of farmers and understands them. Till the villages are improved, the country cannot progress...Till the time we bring the urban amenities to villages, we will not rest in peace," he said.
Highlighting the achievements of NDA government, he said, cotton procurement centres were opened to procure cotton under MSP and the government was ready to establish more such centres.
He also said that government was conducting field trials of soil for which 56 crore was earmarked as well as 100 mobile laboratories.
Singh assured the members that his government will leave no stone unturned to improve the agriculture sector and plight of farmers.

Kemper buying California insurer Alliance United in $70M dealKemper spending $70 million for California auto insurer.
Kemper to buy Alliance United Group, which specializes in high-risk car insurance.
Insurance provider Kemper said Thursday it planned to buy California-insurer Alliance United Group and its subsidiaries for $70 million.
Alliance United is one of the top five providers of auto insurance for high-risk drivers in California, according to a statement from Kemper. The deal will allow Kemper to pick up more of the California auto insurance market.

Common Traits of Successful Entrepreneursreddit
What makes a great entrepreneur? Is it good leadership skills? Is it luck? Is it vision? Or is it a great personality? There is no one trait that guarantees success. But there are some common traits that successful entrepreneurs share that differentiates them from the rest -- they are determined, focused, and not afraid to take risks. Many of us have great ideas but few can actually turn them into action.
To launch your own business, you have to take risks. Period. I learned this first-hand when I started my own marketing agency a few years ago. The hardest step was letting go of the known and taking the first leap of faith, but every second of the journey was worth it.
We know of major success stories across all industries and the entrepreneurs who were able to realize their vision, from Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg, to Virgin's Richard Branson to Spanx's Sara Blakely. One common thread in their stories: They weren't satisfied with the norm, and their passion drove them to seek new horizons and change the status quo.
They are determined
Starting a business has many uncertainties, from economic factors to capital funding to people management, but it's important to keep your eyes on the prize. You must have the perseverance, determination and commitment to stick with your dream.
Early in his career, an editor fired Walt Disney because "he lacked imagination and had no original ideas." It even took him a few tries to get his business off the ground, after his first animation company went bankrupt. Today, thanks to his determination, The Walt Disney Company is a multibillion-dollar leader around the world comprised of several divisions, including media networks, parks and resorts, studio entertainment and consumer products.
They're not afraid to take risks
"Most of the reason we don't do things is because we're afraid to fail," says Spanx founder Sara Blakely. "I just made a decision one day that I was not going to do things in my life because of fear."
Blakely left her fears when she put $5,000 behind her idea for footless pantyhose. This paid off: She turned her new business into a multimillion-dollar business . She found a challenge and devised a creative way to overcome a simple obstacle. Blakely has an entrepreneurial mindset, determined to take steps to accomplish her goals.
They never stop learning
Successful entrepreneurs never stop learning. You always have to think of different ways to spark your creativity. Sometimes going outside of your own industry will help you develop an idea. Consumer behavior and tastes change often and you need to stay ahead of the trends to ensure business survival.
Richard Branson, founder of the Virgin Group, always makes a point of traveling often and meeting as many people as he can. This, he says, is how he came by some of the best suggestions and ideas for his business.
But sometimes you learn from failure as well. When you're faced with failure, you have to start all over again. A key learning from owing my own agency is that you have to be able to manage growth during boom and bust periods. Rapid expansion can lead to some mistakes and you have to be a leader regardless of the tough decisions you will have to make during this time.
They know when to do a digital detox
Running a business could cause you to burn out. Everyone is trying to stay on top of the news, on what's happening on Instagram or watch the latest viral video. Our devices have become one of the biggest distractions in our lives.
Arianna Huffington often speaks about the dangers of technology and why everyone needs a "digital detox." "Did you know that you can have a meal without Instagramming it? I discovered a lot of things," said Huffington of a family trip to Hawaii earlier this year. "You can also watch a sunset without Instagramming it."
It's important to sometimes disconnect from all technology. Successful people are able to separate themselves from their phone and focus. Or simply to enjoy the moment.
As you see, every story is unique in its own way, but there are valuable things to learn from the journeys -- and traits -- of others. Knowing the most common traits of successful entrepreneurs is a good start -- while these traits don't guarantee success, they can give you an edge. How many do you have and how many can you develop over time?
Follow Jose Costa on Twitter: www.twitter.com/joserenecosta
More:

5 Keys to Out-Shining the Competition in an Interviewreddit
Every year, I participate in mock interviews with college students who are getting ready to graduate. It's an excellent program that provides students with an opportunity to polish up their skills and gain valuable insight before beginning their job search. Here are five useful tips for anyone who might be prepping for that big interview.
Authenticity is Key
A few years ago, I interviewed a student I'll call Mark. His handshake was firm and practiced, and he looked me in the eye while he spoke. It was obvious he'd taken seriously the coaching he'd received. I began our mock interview, not with one of the prep questions provided to me by the professor, but with a question of my own.
"Do you like Girl Scout Cookies? Have you ever noticed how Girl Scout cookies are such a coveted item since they're only available once a year?" I asked. "It's kind of genius marketing."
There was a long pause before he replied, and when he did, his tone was angry. "What are you talking about? I've spent hours preparing for the questions you're supposed to be asking me, and that isn't one of them."
And with that answer, he told me everything I needed to know about what kind of employee he would be. I didn't need any of the pages of questions in front of me; I'd found out what I needed to know only one minute into our interview.
If you're prepping for a job interview, practicing typical questions is a good exercise. But as a prospective employer, I don't want to hear your canned, practiced answers that have been carefully constructed to share a story about some 'failure' which eventually turns out to be a good thing which magically saves the day. What I really want to see is authenticity, how you think and who you are when you're speaking off the cuff. An employer will value someone who can quickly recover from an unexpected curve ball and continue playing as if nothing unexpected happened.
I start many of my interviews with seemingly random questions, especially when it is for a role that is going to require a great deal of improvising or thinking on one's feet. I well remember another such interview with this same line of questions with a young lady we'll call Sherry. She impressed me with her response. Not only did she share her favorite cookie, but Sherry seized the opportunity to demonstrate her own understanding of marketing by providing her thoughts about using limited supply as a marketing tactic. She took the curve ball I threw at her and hit a home run.
Filter. Filter. Filter.
Of all the mock interviews I've conducted, I think one of the most memorable was with a young man I'll call Joel. He was brilliant, but his arrogance made it difficult to conduct the interview. Joel interrupted me halfway through several of my questions, too impatient for me to get to the question mark at the end of my sentence before sharing his wealth of knowledge. He stated strong negative opinions about several topics, and he even went so far as to tell me that he was too smart to take an entry level job that would be boring. Whether you are applying for a position where you will be the face of a company or for a role with a large amount of solo work, you still need to be sensitive to what you share in an interview. While I have come to highly value the traits of honesty and transparency, being honest is not the same thing as being brutally honest. After sitting through intense design sessions that resulted in a higher quality end product, I most definitely value being direct and not letting feelings get in the way of the integrity of a project. But when advocating for a specific outcome or sharing opinions, be careful that your opinions don't come off as insults. An arrogant employee will destroy a team's ability to be collaborative or creative, so make very sure you don't give a future employer cause for concern by how you share your thoughts during an interview.
Attitude Outweighs Grades
This may come as a surprise to some, but employers are sometimes far more interested in your hands-on experience and attitude than whether you graduated with every award possible. I interviewed one young man who, on paper, looked like the best candidate to land the job after the interview. He had an impressive GPA as well as a long list of honors and awards he'd accumulated over his eleven year stay at the university. He'd taken a heavy load of course work and collected several degrees in the process. I scanned through his entire work history and couldn't find evidence of a single job outside of the academic world. When I mentioned this, he brushed it off as unimportant. As the founder of a startup, I rarely check a student's GPA, because it is only an indication of how well a student has learned to "color inside the lines" of academia. I'm not saying grades don't matter, but when given the choice between an individual with no work history and stellar grades and an individual who can do a great job at several things and is willing for some of the more menial tasks required? The latter will likely win when they come up against someone who does a superior job at one thing and one thing alone.
Aim Higher. A Lot Higher.
Another question I often ask interviewees is about their vision of the future. "If every ideal opportunity presented itself to you over the next five years, and every door opened that you could dream of opening, what would you be doing if I met you five years from now?" I am amazed at how often the responses are so limited. Not every individual, or position, for that matter, requires someone who has the drive and ambition to want to be the next leader of the free world, but when I interview a potential employee who doesn't see the possibility or who doesn't have the desire for growth, there is a good chance that the individual will be complacent and unmotivated in their position. Employers want to hire individuals who are motivated to improve, so don't be afraid to dream a bit bigger if you tend to play it very safe.
Do Your Research. It Matters.
While it is to be expected in a mock interview setting that students will likely not know anything about what I do or what my company does, it is surprising how often a potential employee walks into an actual interview with little or no knowledge of what our company does. It takes a matter of a few minutes to look up a company, browse their website, and read up on the bios of the leading members of that company - and particularly the details of the person with whom you are interviewing. LinkedIn is another excellent resource to gain a bit of background about the person who will be deciding your fate during a job interview. If someone can't be bothered to take a half hour to learn more about our company and about the position they are seeking, it is quite likely that this same lack of effort will follow on any project they're given as an employee. When a potential employer gives you the opportunity to ask any questions you might have about their company, make sure you're prepared. It matters.
Acing the interview, especially when there are numerous applicants for the position you want, is about far more than just your qualifications on paper. After you've polished your resume and submitted your application, your work is just beginning. Do your research, keep the negativity in check, be ready for the unexpected and display good attitude - and you're sure to out-shine the competition.
Follow Lisa Abeyta on Twitter: www.twitter.com/LisaAbeyta
More:

The 4 Biggest Hiring Mistakes Entrepreneurs Makereddit
If you're like most entrepreneurs you've learned how to hire the old-fashioned way - by painful trial and error.  The problem with that (besides the cost and heartache) is that even if you've found things that work, you're likely not hiring as well as you could giving a bit of outside coaching.
Here are the four most costly hiring mistakes that I've observed business owners make over the past 20 years I've been coaching entrepreneurs, and how you can avoid making these same mistakes yourself.
Mistake #1:  Not knowing exactly who you need to hire.
How can you reliably and consistently find the right hirer if you don't systematically start any hiring efforts by clearly reducing the role to a concrete job description?
Yes intuition and subtle cues in the interview will lend a lot as you listen the story behind what your prospective hires share in the interview.  But if you want to increase your odds of making a good hire, start with writing out a clear job description.
• What key responsibilities do you expect this person to take on?
•  What deliverables will this person need to produce?
• What skillsets must he or she have?
• What experience set must they have to be successful in this role?
• What educational requirements (if any)?
• What character and personality traits or temperament will they need to be a strong, long term fit?
• What are the 3-5 "must haves" that should drive your decision as to who you hire?  (I.e. What 3-5 qualities, skillsets, or experiences does this person need to be successful in this role in your company?  Smart business people let these must haves drive the hiring process.)
Too many entrepreneurs rush this step in their urgency to make a hirer (see Mistake #2 below) and as a result their hit rate on successful hirers is very low.
Gut check time:  What is your hit rate of successful hirers?  In other words, over the past 5 years, what percentage of your hirers would you consider successful?
Mistake #2:  Hiring out of urgency.
You know the scene.  A business is growing fast and they desperately need to make another hire.  Or a company loses a key team member and they are scrambling to replace them.
Over the past 20 years I've coached thousands of business owners and one thing is extremely clear - when you hire in haste your odds of making a bad hire skyrocket.
What do you do about this?  Get ahead of the curve.
Lay out your hiring needs into a 24 month timeline including the clues you'll see along the way that will help you know the timing of when you'll need to make key hires. What metrics can you track in your business that will be leading indicators about when you should pull the trigger and hire more?  Is it total sales?  Number of new engagements?  Etc.
Also, make sure that you're building out your systems and controls as you go so that you have the structure in place should you need to replace a key team member.  Have each key team member cross training his or her understudy too.
These simple steps will help you hire more deliberately versus rushing the process out of desperation.
Mistake #3:  Talking in hypotheticals during the interview process.
Asking a job candidate hypothetical questions about how she would handle a specific challenge, or how he would approach a certain situation is a major mistake.  Why?  Because almost all of your finalists for the job will know the right answers to say.  What you want is find the ones who actually have applied and executed on these right answers.
Ask for concrete and specific examples from their recent business history that shows they have done the right answers.  There is a big difference between common sense and common practice.
Mistake #4:  Being dumb about compensation.
One of the most stressful areas for most business owners has to do with how much they'll pay their team.  My best advice to you is to remember you can't win on money, you can only tie or lose.
Negotiate too sharp a deal and you'll undercut the relationship right at the start.  Pay too much and you'll pollute the relationship for the opposite reason.
Aim to be in the fair neighborhood, paying people what the market values their talents and skills is.  But don't expect to win just on money, because even if you do, is that likely to help you find the hirer you really want long term?
Money is just one of a string of rewards you can "pay" your people with; in many cases it is midway down their list of wants or lower.  Remember the nonfinancial rewards that often matter even more than the money. These include things like giving your team cool projects and interesting work, letting them earn autonomy and real control of many of the details of their work and environment, sharing information and respecting their insights, and helping them find meaning in the work they do.
I hope you use these four hiring insights to help you build a team of loyal talent to help your business scale.
Follow David Finkel on Twitter: www.twitter.com/mauimasterminds
More:

How Serious Are You About Wealth Creation 11 Ways to Let the Money Flow - PART 2reddit
5. Do the Mother-Freaking Work!
In a conversation about money, particularly when that conversation is geared towards the internal work you need to do to make money, it's very easy to ignore one big and REALLY important thing - if you want to make money you DO need to do the mother-freaking work! You need to be of SERVICE to people. You need to be HELPING people. You need to be making a DIFFERENCE. All the manifesting and believing and allowing in the world ain't gonna do jack all if you're not also PUTTING STUFF OUT INTO THE WORLD AND ASKING FOR MONEY IN RETURN!!
But do so from a place of alignment ...
Of doing your soul's work ...
Of doing what you were BORN to do ...
And of starting now.
Wealth tip: Assign a minimum of an hour a day, and preferably two, to create and be of service to your tribe. This could be writing, speaking, creating free or paid content, communicating and helping on forums, etc. I spend an hour each morning writing my blogs and Amazon books, and then a further hour a day creating either free or paid content for my Rich Chick programs and other paid client programs. You can create a LOT more than what you think you can if you simply commit to daily action in this area. Most entrepreneurs faff around doing fuck all online most days and then complaining that they're not making money or growing their list. She who creates most (from alignment and flow!) wins. Not sure where to start or how to do what you're truly called for?
FIGURE IT OUT (and/or get help!)
Or give up.
4. Deliberately Ignoring Debt and Lack
This fits into the 3 Blind Monkeys approach, but it deserves its own point.
It might sound crazy or irresponsible but one of the things that most helped me to break free financially was deliberately ignoring my debts and lack. I don't mean I didn't pay bills (although let's be honest, I usually did so late) but I actively refused to pay attention to the awfulness that was for so long my money situation. I diarised when bills were due, and paid them quickly as and when I could (which was not always when they were due), but aside from that I truly actively AVOIDED thinking about 'negative' money stuff. This resulted in some fights with my husband as on occasion he wanted to have a big worry/OMG conversation as he genuinely feared our lives falling apart ... as did I, but I sure as heck wasn't going to talk about it! I admit this behaviour on my part was completely SELFISH, as he felt he 'needed' to talk about it. But I felt DEEPLY that I NEEDED to not talk about it if I was going to keep my head above water, and to be honest I don't think it would have been a smart thing to entertain or allow his fears to be brought out in a bigger way either.
Wealth tip: Do what you have to do to take care of your finances but do NOT obsess over bills, debt, lack or ANYTHING that takes your focus away from creating abundance and wealth. Be SOLUTION and POSITIVE focused not worry and fear and what if focused.
3. Money Needs a Focus: Give it One
Phew! This is heavy stuff, right? I feel like I'm having some kind of emotional release writing it all out. I trust if you're still with me that this is important for YOU as well.
So. Speaking of focus. MONEY needs a focus. It needs somewhere to go. If your dominant thought pattern is around fear and lack and not having ENOUGH then the money will go as fast AWAY from you as it's little green legs can carry it. The other thing about money, is it abhors a vacuum. So create SPACE for money in your life and it will GO there. Some of the ways I have very effectively built up wealth even in a SMALL way at first and then eventually in a BIG way, simply by making space, are:
Open up fee-free online savings accounts and give them titles for what I want the money for. I.e. "Tithe", "Tax", "Giving", "Designer Handbag", "Fun Spending for Kat", "Traveling to Munich", "First Class Business Coach". These are all real accounts of mine! In most cases I started with only $10 per week going into a new account, and for some of them I still only send $10 per week, or $20! But it is AMAZING what you create when you simply start sending even $1 in the direction of something you desire! In fact, when we were ready to book our flights for the first leg of our current 1-2 year 'laptop life' travels, which was to Munich, I checked that account I'd been adding to for a while without thinking about it
2. Trust
1. Ask, Believe AND Receive: You Must Do All 3
There is so much more I could say about wealth creation and ALLOWING yourself to receive money. It's a topic big enough for an entire book ... which is why I'm writing one :) it's also a topic that is deeply personal and I am honoured to have such a connected tribe of women who shared their top wealth creation lessons with me on Facebook today, when I mentioned I was writing this post. Here are some that really stood out to me:
That I, too, deserve to MAKE money with my gifts.
That by charging more I am actually helping my clients more.
It is NOT rude to talk about money (my biggest old belief) it is essential.
That your mindset is more important than you realise.
Smashing money blocks is the foundation of creating a profitable business.
It's easy to feel confidence when you have money, but it's easy to lose that confidence with there isn't enough money and yet your skills, offerings, passions, worth hasn't changed.
Being wealthy is having ( creating ) options and choices. The more choices we can make the wealthier we are. Converting cash into real cash flow assets is AWESOME.
It's never really about the money.
Finally I want to tell you -
You can do this.
You really can.
I spent years stuck in lack, scarcity, fear, ending up over 100k in debt, somehow never having anything to show even when I did make money, and fighting like crazy to keep my head above water and to have the world see me a certain way when inside I knew it was all just for show and I was constantly terrified the entire thing was going to come crashing down at any moment. I'm getting teary right now just thinking about it - the SHAME that I carried around with me for so long. The GUILT and the unworthiness. And the awful, awful, God damn fear. In the end, what changed it all, was not necessarily any of the above things or even the combined effort of them all it was the COMMITMENT to moving past this. I got to a point where enough was enough and I was just DONE.
Done with the fighting.
Done with TRYING so hard.
Done with working my ASS off at a business and life that was never QUITE right, and promising myself that as soon as things improved I'd get to do what I really wanted to do, and how I really wanted to do it, and be the woman, mother, wife, leader, ME I was born to be.
So I gave up. I threw my hands up in the air and I walked away from FEAR and from self DOUBT and from uncertainty. And I consciously chose to walk TOWARDS living the life I'd always wanted but doing it now. Once I made the TRUE commitment to creating wealth, to not only believing it possible logically but also believing it possible for ME, and then to not only asking for it but to also RECEIVING it and ALLOWING it into my life, everything really did flow from there, and soon it wasn't just as though I was walking more freely towards money, towards life on my terms, having finally shed the heavy heavy weight of fear and scarcity, but it was as though with every step I took I shed a little more of that load, and my pace picked up.
I remember having a very vivid vision, which I shared with my Kinesiologist, showing the old me basically crawling along, weighted down with these IMMENSE iron chains surrounding me, and I could hardly move, and I was so beaten up but the whole time I was holding the key to the chains in my hand. Once I realised that, and took the damn stuff off, I could start walking again but at first I was stumbling, unsure of myself, still very sore and scared. As time passed and I continued to fill my mind and soul with the right messages and actions, I was able to stand up fully, and move at a normal walking pace, and then as more time passed I began speed walking, then jogging, then running, and then flat out SPRINTING. As I shared this vision with my Kinesiologist she then chimed in and we finished it almost together, because where I was headed and just moving into at that time is where I am now which is freaking FLYING baby. Just in complete and utter FLOW. And I know that I know that I know that although there are surely so many more lessons for me, I will never again battle to accept wealth. I will continue to receive more and more money, more and more effortlessly, for the higher good of myself and of others.
And I want you to truly take it to heart and understand that if I can create this in my life simply by allowing myself to and then doing the work, then SO TOO CAN YOU.
I am NOT special.
I do NOT have anything over you.
I was a MESS financially, and at times I truly started to question if I'd EVER get out.
But I committed FULLY, and then I held that committed and allowed it to HAPPEN.
And SO TOO CAN YOU.
The commitment is what really created the change, but I do have to share and remind you that it still won't be automatic. Your money situation can truly change in an instant - or for me it took about 4-5 weeks and I went from nothing to literally tens of thousands, then hundreds of thousands, however when I say it took 4-5 weeks that's from the time the money started flowing. Really it took 34.5 years and 4-5 weeks, and in particular 6-24 months of avid focus on improving my money mindset and situation. The 'real' work came in the final 6 months of that timeframe, and that's everything I've just written about.
The things I've shared in this post are the things that truly SAVED ME. I did them RELIGIOUSLY. I committed to wealth creation like it was preparation for WARFARE. And it WAS. Success is a battlefield gorgeous ... and few truly enter it. Fewer still are willing to pick themselves up again and again and again, bruised, and battered, and bloodied, and falling to pieces, and BROKEN inside out but yet NEVER FULLY DESTROYED.
The world, money, fear, all of the things that seem to want to torment you THESE THINGS CANNOT BREAK YOU.
You are STRONG.
You HAVE what it takes.
And You. Will. Prevail.
But you have to choose. You have to be willing to CHOOSE success, to choose money, to choose wealth and ultimately to choose a LIFE ON YOUR TERMS. And you have to do it NOW.
You have no more time left to live the wrong life gorgeous, and truly? Why would you want to. So are you in, or are you out, because the clock is ticking baby and the big hand? It's pointing to now.
Your life.

Why I Don t Worry About My Competition (And You Shouldn t Either)reddit
While my business is verrry niche, I do still have competition just like any business does.  "Customers" could mean donut-buyers if you're a donut shop owner, patients if you're a doctor's office or hospital, donors if you're a non-profit organization, or it could mean small businesses in general, if you're a business consultant like me.
All businesses are vying for your customers' attention, no matter what it is that you're selling.
The truth of the matter is, there's ALWAYS a business that's bigger, better, faster, more, easier, yummier, cheaper, healthier, blah blah blah, than your business.
But I don't worry about my competition. And you shouldn't, either.
Here's how you can make your competition completely irrelevant:
By using a technique called the Blue Ocean Strategy (a business philosophy developed by and book written by W. Chan Kim and Renee Mauborgne), you differentiate yourself in such a way, your competition is completely irrelevant.
I highly recommend reading the book, but I'm going to break it down in a few simple steps below for you to get started.
First, you have to be very clear on the values and offerings of your business, particularly those that you feel separate you from your competitors. Jot those fundamentals down.
Second, think about your primary competition and jot down what you believe to be their priorities/values/offerings.
Third, create a simple chart with the X axis being the list of those fundamentals and the Y axis indicating "low" to "high," regarding how important that value is to your business or your competitors' business.
Fourth, plot on the chart where you believe your priorities fall, low to high, and then plot where you believe your competition's would fall.  (I use two different colors of pen for this exercise, so I can really see the difference).
The idea is that you will discover -- and then hopefully capitalize on -- the differences that you bring to the table versus your competitors. To illustrate this for you, I'm sharing below my very own Blue Ocean Strategy chart, which I completed early this year as I went through Marie Forleo's B-School .
I needed to hone in on how my business would be different from my competition (in this case, ad agencies).  I also have one showing how Braziel Media differs from marketing freelancers, which is another business model that I consider to be my competition.
Blue Ocean Strategy Chart:  Braziel Media vs. Ad Agencies
When you finish the exercise, your end result will hopefully look something like my chart, above.  As you can see, my priorities and offerings are almost completely opposite of those of ad agencies (typically).
For example, my business model is such that I can offer a much lower price point than an ad agency can.  My chart also shows us how "pitching" is an important and consistent element in the ad agency's process, whereas my business doesn't participate in business pitches at all.
My business places a high priority on small businesses, where ad agencies are typically (not always) geared toward large businesses with huge advertising budgets.
Now: what to do with this information?
Take action: Create your own Blue Ocean Strategy chart, identifying key focus areas of your business and how they differ from those of competing businesses.
The areas of differentiation on your chart indicate why your competition is moot. These are the areas you need to capitalize on and market the hell out of. Now you just need to get out there and do it: Market that beautiful secret sauce of yours.
This article originally appeared on BrazielMedia.com , where the author uses her blog to illustrate how businesses regularly leave marketing money on the table and shows them ways to get those dollars back.
Follow Kristan Braziel on Twitter: www.twitter.com/KristanBraziel
More:

What Not to Do During an InterviewBy Creatas Images, via Thinkstock
By Alyssa Gelbard, Founder and President, Resume Strategists Inc.
When people think about changing jobs and careers, they put a lot of effort into their resumes and cover letters (and increasingly, their LinkedIn profiles), but don't thoroughly prepare for interviews. Without preparation, they may end up doing something (or not doing something) during an interview that could have been avoided, and it might take them out of consideration for a job. Don't get me wrong, a powerful resume, cover letter and LinkedIn profile are the vital first impressions that will help get you in the door.Once you're in, however, making a strong, positive in-person first impression is essential to securing a job offer.
Interviewers not only want to know if you can do the job, but they also want to know what else you bring to the table... they want to know your real value and how you can help them solve their problems. They want to see what makes you unique - why should they choose you vs. the other qualified candidates. They also want to get a sense of your personality and determine if you'd be a good fit for the job, department, organization and corporate culture. They want to like you because they'll likely be working with you.
Even if you do everything right leading up to an interview, when it comes to the actual interview, there are things you might do that can sabotage yourself and cause interviewers to form negative opinions, which can potentially take you out of the consideration set for the position you're seeking -- even if you are a perfect candidate. These things are completely avoidable!
Here are 10 key things you should avoid doing to ensure that you have a strong interview.
Don't:
... arrive too early (or too late). If you're more than 15 minutes early, you risk appearing overeager and annoying interviewers because they likely had something planned during the time before your interview, but now feel rushed because they know you're waiting. (And obviously, don't arrive late for your interview... it's always beneficial to look up directions, public transportation routes/status, construction etc. the day before your interview).
... neglect to research the organization/industry. It shows a lack of preparation and interest, and causes potential employers to think that you'll operate that way on the job. Interviewers can quickly notice that you don't understand what the company does, what products/services they provide and who their customers and competitors are. (Researching this information takes very little time and can be immensely helpful during an interview... e.g. you might want to know that they just launched a new product line and you can ask how it would effect the position, department etc.).
... appear stiff, unenthusiastic or disinterested. Potential employers want to know that you want to work for them and would be excited to do so! And, if you realize that the job is not the right fit for you, you should still be actively engaged because otherwise, you leave the interviewer with a negative impression and you never know if they can be helpful in the future or if they would've been willing to share contacts and/or information about other job opportunities. On the flip side, avoid being overeager or artificially enthusiastic, as interviewers can see through that.
... forget to practice answers to frequently asked interview questions. These questions can include: Why are you a good fit for the position? Why do you want to work here? What are your strengths/weaknesses? Tell me about a challenge you've faced. And my favorite... tell me about yourself. These are not the best or most insightful interview questions, but you should be ready for them because there's an incredibly high likelihood that someone will ask them.
... distract the interviewer. If you wear bangle or jingly bracelets or strong perfume/cologne, you can create a distraction and cause an unnecessary negative impression.
... 'uptalk' or make statements sound like questions. Responding with upward inflection in your voice (common for women) makes you sound unsure of yourself and the interviewer might think that you don't really have the experience or skill you are referencing.
... keep your phone in eyesight at all. Put the phone away and make sure it's off or silence the ringer. If you even glance at your phone, it gives the impression that there's something more important to you than the interview. It can also be seen as disrespectful and rude behavior, even though looking at your phone while talking to someone is "normal" in your daily life, it is not acceptable during an interview.
... overlook memorizing the content of your resume. It's very frustrating to interviewers when they ask a question about something you wrote that you did, and you react as if you have no idea what they are talking about.
... neglect to prepare questions in advance. Interviewers love when you ask good questions and asking questions shows dimension, analytical skills, curiosity and interest. If they ask, "Do you have any questions?" Don't respond that they've answered all of them because there's no way that you know everything you want to know about the position/company.
... forget to ask about next steps. You're often so relieved that the interview is coming to a close, that you neglect to ask about the timeframe for a decision and with whom you should follow up. These questions show that you're interested and serious about wanting the job. Plus, this is information you actually want to know!
Alyssa Gelbard is a leading career consultant/personal branding expert and founder of Resume Strategists, a career consulting firm. For 14 years, she has been helping clients confidently present themselves as ideal candidates for the positions they seek. Alyssa has a multi-faceted strategic marketing, branding and communications background and has held senior positions in the for-profit and non-profit sectors.
Follow Ellevate on Twitter: www.twitter.com/EllevateNtwk
More:

Fake It  Til You Make Itreddit
Please don't.
Instead, let me offer you six ways to gain the relationship edge in business and life that don't require you to be a poser.
Let's start with Tip #1, the most important one of all.
1. Be real, be transparent, be authentic, and be yourself.
I mean your REAL self. Too often people spend incredible amounts of energy trying to project themselves as something they're not. Most of their conversation is spent trying to impress; they think they have everyone snookered.
Here is the reality: no one is fooled. People are always transparent... even when they think they aren't. I'm sure you meet people all the time who say all the right things and look the part, but you just know, in your gut, even if you can't put your intellectual finger on it, that they are full of hooey.
We are all intuitive and sensitive beings. We can feel the truth. We can sense authenticity and we can sense when it isn't present. Projecting pretense only pushes people away from you -- quickly and regularly. Your real self -- the one who isn't king of the hill and has fears, is concerned about family, and has a genuine passion for a product, service, or helping other people succeed -- is far more attractive to people than anything else.
I think the era of "fake it till you make it" of the '80s and '90s has passed. People are smarter today. More than ever, they are looking for authenticity. Now let me be clear: No matter where you are in your business, in your financial success, or in life, I DO want you to start dressing the part and walking the walk. I want you to start representing your elevated self. I want those things to be demonstrations of your new commitment to be better, show up better, and live better. I'm talking about not fibbing on the truth.
2. Treat people like people.
When I was in real estate, I had a mentor who helped me change my emotional approach to every conversation and human interaction.
I was having a discussion with him and pulled out my "Hit List" of target prospects. He looked at me incredulously and said, "Hit list? Who wants to be your next HIT?! These are real people, real families, who will be going through one of the most emotional transactions of their life, involving the most valuable asset they own--their home. Until this list becomes the list of those families whom you will help, protect, and fight for next, will they will not be interested in what you have to say."
That was great advice. It is not just semantics; it is an entirely different philosophy and mindset.
Don't treat people like targets, capital, pawns, or even prospects or just customers. Treat people like people... people with real desires, fears, hopes, wishes, worries, dreams, and ambitions... just like you.
3. Take a sincere interest in other people.
The best way to do this is to talk less and listen more. Make fewer statements and ask more questions.
Everyone wants to work on his or her script: What do I say? Instead, it's better to work on your questions. What questions will draw people out so they talk about their real values, interests, hopes, and desires? Once others express what they really want, it's much easier to match your potential solution to their real and personally expressed needs.
4. Always be positive.
Be the one who brightens a room and every conversation you enter. It is easy to pile on to a complaint fest or add to the rousing gossip, but you will actually be perceived better by others if you don't join in that talk.
I am always supremely impressed when I witness someone turn down the opportunity to talk negatively about someone else, even if it would have been only to agree with the one speaking or join the company of misery talk.
Let your reputation and brand become those of positivity, grace, and class. These rare qualities are what people look for in others. Be the standout.
5. Recognize others.
Give people honest and sincere appreciation. Heed the wisdom of Catherine the Great: "Praise loudly, blame softly." Catch people doing things right and acknowledge them. Congratulate others on their accomplishments; celebrate their victories. Find at least a dozen ways to compliment, congratulate, or appreciate someone else's work, contribution, or successes every day.
Be so busy giving other people recognition that you don't need any yourself. Do that and people will swarm to you like bees to honey.
6. Give.
Most people are only focused on getting... and they wonder why they don't. Look for ways to contribute, provide, help, offer, and assist. This goes back to the golden rule of relationships that Zig Ziglar taught us: "You can have everything in life that you want if you will just help enough other people get what they want." Give first, give often, and give last. Give, give, and give.
I see my relationships as bank accounts (psychologically, not emotionally); the more I deposit the more valuable I am to that person and the more I have on account with them. There might come a time when I need to make a small withdrawal, but I always want to be on the positive side of the ledger. My objective is to create a great surplus of wealth in as many accounts (or people) as possible by depositing as much as I can as often as I can.
This is how I use social media and my blog. All I want to do is give value, distribute value, and contribute value--not to sell, promote, or "get." I use those platforms to help, serve, give, and contribute. Each tweet, each posting on Facebook, each article on this blog, is completely focused on providing ideas, insights, and resources to help people become more successful. If the amount and sincerity of the comments you leave me don't lie, I am perceived to be a very valuable relationship for tens of thousands of people. Very rarely do I recommend something I own or benefit from; if I do it's because I know it will serve the subject we are discussing and the other person's goals or objectives.
That is what I recommend you do -- seek to help, give, assist, empower, and support. Build a reputation as one who wants to give and help others... and as Zig promises, in return you will GET everything you want in life.
Follow Darren Hardy on Twitter: www.twitter.com/DARRENHARDY
More:

DBS cuts fiscal 2015 GDP forecast to 5.6%DBS cuts fiscal 2015 GDP forecast to 5.6%
We finally know when birds lost their teethBy Rachel Feltman December 11, 2014 Follow @rachelfeltman
Open wide. (Olga Maltseva/AFP/Getty Images)
Scientists have figured out when and how birds lost their pearly whites -- and it wasn't a prehistoric fist fight, according to a paper published Thursday in Science .
As the modern descendants of dinosaurs, birds must have once had teeth. We've known this since 1861, when paleontologists uncovered Archeopteryx, a 150-million-year-old bird fossil with teeth. But now, as you probably know, all birds have got beaks instead.
Fossil records are too spotty for scientists to pinpoint when the shift occurred. Until now, so was genetic information.
But because of the newly reported sequencing of 48 different bird genomes (representing at least one species from each major lineage), we can now trace beaks back to their origin.
Led by Mark Springer, a professor of biology at University of California at Riverside, researchers used this new data to track down the genetic changes that indicate a switch from teeth to beaks.
Tooth formation requires a lot of genes, with six genes absolutely essential to the formation of dentin and enamel -- the building blocks of teeth. Springer and his colleagues went looking for mutations that would inactivate these genes, tracking them throughout the 48 bird genomes that had been sequenced.
"Such mutations would provide evidence that teeth were lost once in the common ancestor of all living birds," Springer said.
They found those mutations in every single genome. Based on the mutations they found, Springer and his colleagues believe that a common ancestor of all birds lost the ability to produce enamel-covered teeth around 116 million years ago.
The shift from teeth to beaks didn't happen overnight: Fossil evidence suggests that some birds had beaks at the front of their mouths and teeth in the back, with beaks slowly taking over the back of the mouth as well.
The full beak was an advantageous choice. Birds developed muscular gizzards for grinding up their food, and adapted to use their beaks to build nests, feed their young and defend themselves. Having a set of teeth in the back just wasn't useful anymore.
"It is very satisfying to finally have answers to questions that have not been crystal clear from the fossil record," Springer said. "Our results highlight the power of DNA from the crypt to unravel the evolutionary history of vertebrates. Together, genomic fossils and fossils from rocks provide a powerful combination for reconstructing the past."
(Science Magazine/Patterson Clark/The Washington Post)
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

Rs 1 lakh-cr infra projects in Maharashtra get govt pushRs 1 lakh-cr infra projects in Maharashtra get govt push
Sanjay Jog | Mumbai Dec 12, 2014 12:30 AM IST
Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis has given the top priority to speedy implementation of infrastructure projects worth Rs 1,06,923 crore  in and around the state capital Mumbai. He has assured to expeditiously remove the administrative and physical roadblocks.
The chief minister received a major boost to his efforts after the Shiv Sena joined the government on December 5.
The projects include 22-km Mumbai Trans Harbour Link (Rs 11,000 crore),  35.6-km road from Nariman Point to Kandivli, which runs parallel to the coast (Rs 8,000 crore), 40-km underground Dahisar-Charkop-Bandra-Mankhurd Metro II (Rs 25,605 crore), 32.5-km Colaba-Bandra-SEEPZ underground Metro Line 3 project (Rs 23,136 crore), 32-km underground and elevated Wadala-Ghatkopar-Thane-Kasarvadavali Metro project (Rs 19,097 crore), Navi Mumbai international airport (Rs 8,000 crore), Western Coast Water Transport (Rs 1,517 crore) and Eastern Coast Water Transport (Rs 568 crore).
He is expected to take a decision to scrap the Rs 5,000-crore Worli Haji Ali sea link project soon. The termination notice sent by the state undertaking Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation in August 2012 is pending for Cabinet sub-committee’s approval. Fadnavis told Business Standard, “The state undertakings, including Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA), MSRDC, City and Industrial Development Corporation (CIDCO) and Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC), have been asked to step up efforts for proper coordination among themselves to avoid further delays in the project implementation.”
He said he had also assured these agencies to pursue matters relating to various approvals and clearances required from the Union government and its undertakings. Previous Sunday, the Union civil aviation ministry cleared the hurdle in the way of Navi Mumbai airport. This was one of the issues on which bidders had sought clarification from CIDCO (City and Industrial Development Corporation of Maharashtra). Fadnavis had taken up the issue with Union Minister for Civil Aviation Ashok Gajapathi Raju, seeking an early approval of his ministry in this regard. This has paved way for the bidders to submit request for qualification by third week of January.
On the Rs 11,000-crore Mumbai Trans Harbour Project, Fadnavis last week took up the issue with the Centre for an early approval of the Rs 8,800-crore loan assured by the Japanese International Co-operation Agency (JICA).
This apart, Fadnavis cleared at a meeting, on November 20, two crucial metro lines — Dahisar-Charkop-Bandra-Mankhurd (DCBM) Metro II and Wadala-Ghatkopar-Thane-Kasarvadavali (WGTK) Metro project. The decision on DCBM Metro II was taken just after a week when the state government and Reliance Infrastructure arm Mumbai Metro Transport Private Limited (MMTPL) terminated the contract for Rs 12,000 crore Charkop-Bandra-Makhurd Metro corridor signed in 2010. The WGTK project is expected to connect the northeast Mumbai with Thane, which is growing quite fast.
The 40-km and 36-station DCBM corridor will be entirely underground, while the 32-km WGTK corridor will have 24 underground and six elevated stations. These metro corridors will be implemented by the state undertaking Mumbai Metro Rail Corporation (MMRC) by 2020-21.
Moreover, MMRC last week had appointed AECOM Asia-led consortium as the general consultant for the Colaba-Bandra-SEEPZ Metro III link. It will assist MMRC in design, supervision, quality control, safety and contract management of the project.
As far as the much debated coastal road project is concerned, Fadnavis has supported the stand taken by his predecessor Prithviraj Chavan. He has asked the civic body to submit a status report on the project after that it will be forwarded to the ministry of environment and forests for clearance. The primary reason for the project to get stalled so far was the necessity of land to be reclaimed from the sea and it is prohibited according to the Coastal Regulation Zone (CRZ) notification of 2011. The state coastal body has already given its recommendation to the Centre for the project.

Wall Street jumps more than 1 percent on data after three-day slumpWall St. lower but finishes year with solid gains
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange in New York
CARLO ALLEGRI,, REUTERS
Financial Markets
U.S. stocks fell on Wednesday as crude oil prices continued their descent, but the S&P closed out a third straight year of double-digit gains.
For the year, the Dow ended up 7.5 percent, notching its sixth straight annual gain, and the Nasdaq rose 13.4 percent. The best-performing S&P component in 2014 was Southwest Airlines Co  up 124.6 percent, while Transocean Ltd , down 62.9 percent, was the worst.
8
Equities lost steam heading into the New Year after rallying nearly 6 percent over eight sessions, sparked by the U.S. Federal Reserve's commitment to be "patient" about raising interest rates and positive economic data.
Still, the S&P 500 has risen in seven of the past ten sessions, hitting a series of intraday and closing records, and finished the year up 11.4 percent. The stock market will be closed Thursday.
"The fact of the matter is markets put in a solid year in spite of significant headwinds that could have easily derailed a multi-year bull market," said Peter Kenny, chief market strategist at Clearpool Group in New York.
@sweikert1 - It's sad that the insurance product takes 15% of one's pay, leave crumbs leftover for most to invest into their 401Ks/IRAs.
Barry3
12
"The most the bears got out of this year was a 10 percent correction on an intraday basis and the markets stubbornly moved higher, and for good foundational reasons."
Gains may be tougher to come by next year, and a pick-up in profits growth may be essential if the market is to continue to add to its historic gains.
Action in the energy space was once again a focus for investors. U.S. crude oil  settled down 85 cents at $53.27 a barrel, its lowest since May 2009. Brent  settled down 57 cents to $57.33.
The S&P Energy index <.SPNY>, easily the worst performing sector of the year with a decline of 10 percent, lost 0.8 percent Wednesday. Diamond Offshore  fell 3.6 percent to $36.71 and Noble Corp  fell 2.8 percent to $16.57.
The CBOE volatility index <.VIX>, which measures the cost of protection against a drop on the S&P 500, surged 20.4 percent, its biggest jump since Dec. 10 and the fourth straight climb. Quarterly options on the S&P 500 expire at the end of the month.
"Part of it may be the quarterly expiration of S&P options but a lot of it has to do with crude being down today," said J.J. Kinahan, chief market strategist at retail brokerage TD Ameritrade Holding Corp.
Traders might be also looking to load up on some protection before they head out for the holiday, Kinahan said.
"We had such a nice year that many people may be looking to buy some protection for a 'just-in-case scenario' for between now and the new year," Kinahan said.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> fell 160 points, or 0.89 percent, to 17,823.07, the S&P 500 <.SPX> lost 21.45 points, or 1.03 percent, to 2,058.9 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> dropped 41.39 points, or 0.87 percent, to 4,736.05.
Volume was light, with about 5.21 billion shares traded on U.S. exchanges, below the 6.95 billion average this month, according to BATS Global Markets.
Decliners outnumbered advancers on the NYSE 2,000 to 1,105, for a 1.81-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,571 issues fell and 1,194 advanced for a 1.32-to-1 ratio favoring decliners.
The S&P 500 posted 37 new 52-week highs and 6 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 126 new highs and 35 new lows.
(Additional reporting by Saqib Ahmed; Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Rupee goes down fightingRupee goes down fighting
FTIL continues to hold 10 000 shares of NSEFTIL continues to hold 10 000 shares of NSE
SAIL seeks environmental nod for iron ore plant inJharkhandWritten by Priyadarshi Siddhanta | New Delhi |
Posted: December 12, 2014 2:19 am
State-run steel maker SAIL has sought the Union environment ministry’s clearance for setting up a 2 million tonne per annum greenfield iron ore pellet plant at Jharkhand at an investment of Rs 2,388 crore.
The company has proposed to set up the plant within the premises of its existing integrated project at Bokaro in the state, a senior steel ministry official told The Indian Express.
The company has also decided to set up a 0.768 MT top charged coke oven battery facility at the same location.
SAIL’s representatives have told a meeting of the environment ministry’s expert appraisal committee (EAC) on November 14 that both the pellet plant and the coke oven battery do require any additional land or forest land, the official said.
The iron ore required for these additional facilities will be sourced from SAIL’s mines at Bolani in Orissa and Kiriburu and Meghataburu deposits in Jharkhand . Limestone will be sourced from quarries of Kuteshwar in Madhya Pradesh and Bhawanathpur in Jharkhand and dolomite from Tulsidamar quarries also in Jharkhandm he said.
The company has planned to ramp up output at its Gua deposits to 10 million tonne per annum (MTPA) from 2.4 MTPA currently, Meghataburu to 6.5 MT from 4.3 MT as of now, Bolani mines to 10 MT from 4.1 currently.
The requirement for coal would be met mostly imported and a small percentage of indigenous coal would be sourced from Dugda, Monnidih, Rajrappa, Kathara, Mohuda and other domestic coal mines, the official said.
Of the total project cost of Rs 2,388 crore, Rs 167.18 crore has been budgeted towards environmental measures, the official said.

16-yr-old rapes minor in Pratapgarh detainedBy: Express News Service | Allahabad |
Posted: December 12, 2014 2:17 am
14-YEAR-OLD girl was allegedly raped by her 16-year-old neighbour at her village in Pratapgarh district’s Sangramgarh area late on Tuesday night. An FIR was registered on Wednesday and the accused was picked up late at night.
The police said while a detailed medical examination report of the victim was awaited, there were no evident marks of the alleged offence on her or clothes.
The victim’s family had approached the police on Wednesday. Sources said negotiations were held between the two families, with some village elders intervening in a bid to resolve the matter.
“The victim’s father wanted to register an FIR. So, an FIR was registered on Wednesday evening and the accused, also a minor aged around 16, was picked up. The girl has been sent for medical examination. A detailed report is awaited,” said Sangramgarh Inspector M P Tripathi.
Initial investigations revealed that the girl, a student of Class VI, and the boy — who had cleared Class VIII last year — belonged to the same community. They had developed a friendship. “Apparently, somebody noticed the two meeting up in a secluded place around 8 pm and informed the girl’s father. He confronted the father of the accused,” said Tripathi.
There were no injury marks on the girl’s body and her clothes were intact. There was no sign of any forced act, the police said. “Since there is an allegation, an FIR has been registered. Further investigations are on,” said Tripathi.

Front-end interventions are fine  do not lose sight of theback-endWritten by Surabhi |
Posted: December 12, 2014 2:17 am
Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s initiatives such as the Jan Dhan Scheme and Swachh Bharat Abhiyan must be followed up by second round intervention to make them beneficial, said Abhijit Banerjee, Ford Foundation International professor of economics, MIT and director, Abdul Latif Jameel Poverty Action Lab. In an interview with Surabhi, he also talks about a need to review the MGNREGA scheme. Excerpts:
Do you think social sector initiatives like Pradhan Mantri Jan-Dhan Yojana and Swachh Bharat Abhiyan will have the desired impact?
These are the right kind of gestures but need to be backed by second round intervention. The PMJDY won’t do anything unless there is some action on financial literacy to help people get used to those accounts. Evidence shows people are not using these accounts and even those who are, use them for very little.
There are reasons for this — largely to do with the way people are used to keeping their money. So at present, the scheme is just a cost imposed on the banking sector and we are yet to see if it has benefits.
On the Swachh Bharat, again the problem isn’t just getting people to clean, but also figuring out what to do with trash. And unless you deal with the back-end, the front-end isn’t going to be the solution — the trash has to go somewhere, you clearly can’t burn it. But I am in favour of behaviour change and I am very grateful to the Prime Minister that he has invited Indians to behave in this way.
What are your views on plans to review MGNREGA?
I think it needs a review. Evidence suggests it is working much better now compared to six or seven years ago. The amount of money that vanishes is much less, but it also means that it has become quite a bureaucratic headache at all levels.
If the panchayat doesn’t have the skill sometimes to upload the muster rolls on time, it becomes a constraint. The result is that it is not what you hope it would be, which is when I need money, I go get work.
This would depend on whether the sarpanch is running a scheme in the village or not. If he is running it, it might be in a different month. And even if all that is in place, the state funds might be empty and so there may not be any money for it, or the money comes in three months sometimes. The whole thing is so complicated that it would be better to have something simpler with less targeting but more assured payments.
How efficient do you think is India’s direct benefit transfer (DBT) programme? 
The current system of DBT is just to remove the complicated system of allocating subsidies. I don’t see strong evidence that if you give money to people, they waste it. But there are things that are not a substitute for money. For instance, people buy the wrong health care — they buy acute health care plans, instead of chronic and preventive health care plans.

No work yet on 3 SouthcorridorsWritten by Anil Sasi | New Delhi |
Posted: December 12, 2014 2:15 am
The power crisis faced by the country’s southern region on account of transmission constraints bottling up electricity flows to the region is unlikely to be mitigated anytime soon.
A set of three new transmission corridors that were approved by the government’s Empowered Committee on Transmission in September this year to facilitate additional power flows to the south have not yet been notified for implementation by the Central Electricity Authority — the nodal authority.
As a result of the delay in notification, the bidding process for these three new corridors has not commenced yet, government officials involved in the exercise said. The three new corridors are aimed at enhancing the power importing capacity of the southern region by 12,000 MW.
As a result of the transmission constraints faced by the southern region, despite the country’s overall peaking shortage — defined as shortfall in generation capacity during the time when the electricity consumption is at the maximum — has come down, the shortage in the south is increasing and is headed for the worst situation in five years.
This is despite the synchronous interconnection of the southern grid with the rest of the National Power Grid in January. In 2014-15, the peaking shortage of the south is projected to be 9,254 MW against all India shortage of 3,027 MW (which is lower due to a surplus in the western region), according to the Load Generation Balance Report for 2014-15 released by Central Electricity Authority (CEA).
The extent of the peaking shortages in the south offer an indication of the precarious power situation for a region that is a key industrial and manufacturing hub and where consumers, by and large, can pay higher tariffs for power.
Experts feel that even the 9,254 MW could be an underestimate and the chronic shortage have badly stymied industrial growth in the region over the last couple of years.
Power flows to the deficit south have been restricted to 3,500-4,000 MW for the last five years due to transmission constraints, which have built up as a result of delays in over a dozen key transmission lines that were to facilitate flow of power to the southern region.
The worst affected are the small and medium-sized unit owners, most of whom are left with no option but to either run captive units fuelled by expensive diesel or simply down the shutters.
Tamil Nadu’s auto hub adjoining Chennai accounts for around 40 per cent of the country’s car production and about 60 per cent of exports. While the bigger players have arranged for back-up, the smaller ancillary units are badly hit. These include 7.6 lakh small entrepreneurs.

Oil companies to pay for ethanol boost to sugarindustryWritten by Harish Damodaran | New Delhi |
Posted: December 12, 2014 2:13 am | Updated: December 12, 2014 12:08 pm
Sugar millers have welcomed the Centre’s decision to fix ethanol prices at Rs 48.50 to Rs 49.50 per litre payable by oil marketing companies (OMC) at their depots for 5 per cent blending in petrol.
The new fixed price mechanism — approved by the Cabinet on Wednesday — replaces the system of price discovery through tenders called in by OMCs that, millers claim, was time-consuming and prone to uncertainty.
“They would typically take six months to finalise the tenders and another three months to place orders, making it difficult to plan any production at our end,” said a leading UP-based miller, who wished not to be identified. Under the new system, mills/distilleries would be paid Rs 48.50 for every litre of ethanol delivered at an OMC depot/installation within a distance of 100 km. The delivered rate is Rs 49/litre if the distance is between 101 and 300 km, while being Rs 49.50 for beyond 300 km.
These prices are higher than the Rs 47.5/litre rate at which the OMCs had last contracted 35 crore litres, against a total supply tender for 156 crore litres floated in July. The OMCs were supposed to come out with an “expression of interest” to procure the balance quantity of about 120 crore on November 11, but decided not to, keeping in view the steep decline in global crude prices.
“The OMCs were probably wanting mills to agree to a lower rate of Rs 41-42, which has, however, backfired. They will now not only have to pay Rs 1-2/litre more, but also lift the entire quantity to meet the 5 per cent ethanol blending requirement at the government-fixed price,” an analyst said.
The new mechanism basically removes uncertainty with regard to both pricing and supply. “The Rs 48.5-49.5 rate is based on an underlying ex-mill realisation of Rs 42.02 per litre, which, in turn, seems to be linked to the Centre’s fair and reasonable price for sugarcane. By linking ethanol price to the price of cane and not petrol, the apparent intention is to insulate millers and growers from the vagaries of global oil prices,” the analyst added.
The ex-mill realisation of Rs 41-42 for ethanol corresponding to the new fixed ex-depot prices is higher than the Rs 34.56 per litre that OMCs are currently paying on petrol to refiners. But since ethanol attracts lower excise duty than petrol, the delivered cost at the pump would still work out lower for the former. “They will even now save Rs 2.5-3 per litre by replacing petrol with ethanol,” said Abinash Verma, director-general, Indian Sugar Mills Association.
Kishor Shah, director, Balrampur Chini Mills Ltd, said that the new price may incentivise mills to produce more ethanol using “B-Heavy” molasses. This is as against the normal “C-molasses” route that yields more sugar than ethanol. “B-Heavy molasses becomes viable when ethanol realisations are 1.5-1.6 times that of sugar, which is the case today with the latter at Rs 27-27.5 a kg,” he pointed out.

For six months we were focussed to make IndiahealthyBy: ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi |
Posted: December 12, 2014 2:10 am
Keen to enhance India’s attractiveness as an investment destination, Prime Minister Narendra Modi along with finance minister Arun Jaitley met with 16 top economists from the US on Thursday.
“A person who is unhealthy cannot derive benefit from exercise, the first six months of this government were focused on making India healthy once again. The ‘exercise’ would begin now,” Modi told the economists .
The economists — Gita Gopinath, Martin Feldstein and Emmanuel Farhi from Harvard University; Mark Aguiar from Princeton University; Erica Field from Duke University; Mathew Gentzkow from University of Chicago Booth School of Business; Anne Krueger, former chief economist, World Bank; John Lipsky, former acting managing director of IMF; Karthik Muralidharan from University of California; James Poterba and Abhijit Banerjee from MIT — are in India as part of the NCAER Neemrana Conference.
Jaitley, who gave an overview of the various decisions taken by the government over the last six months in the economic sphere, expressed confidence that these were giving the desired results. “There is a mood of optimism and expectation from the new government, and the process of pragmatic and realistic decision-making is giving results,” he said. Outlining policies undertaken by the government over the past six months, Modi said skill development and job creation, Pradhan Mantri Jan-Dhan Yojana and Digital India were the key priorities of the government.
These initiatives would boost employment opportunities given that 65 per cent of the country’s population is less than 35 years of age. “Injecting technology into government processes and decision making would provide the best possible solution to the problem of corruption,” he stressed.

Jessica Alba s  awakening  as an entrepreneurjessica alba s  awakening  as an entrepreneur
ESET Launches All-New Business Security SuiteESET Launches All-New Business Security Suite
Merck to Buy Cubist Pharmaceuticals for $9.5 Billionmerck to buy cubist pharmaceuticals for $9.5 billion
Essar Oil set to ink 10-year deal to import crude from Russiaenergy and resource
The Essar Group will sign a long-term crude oil import deal with Russia's Rosneft during President Vladimir Putin's visit to New Delhi on Thursday, government and industry sources said on Wednesday.
“Essar will sign an MoU (memorandum of understanding) with them (Rosneft),” two Indian government sources said. “The deal will be for ten years,” an industry source familiar with the matter said.
The Essar group operates the 405,000 barrels per day (bpd) Vadinar refinery in Gujarat and also the 296,000 bpd Stanlow refinery in northwest England, which is operating at below its capacity.
Volumes, pricing and other details of the deal with state-controlled Rosneft, the world’s largest listed oil firm by output, were not immediately known. Essar depends heavily on Iran to feed its Vadinar refinery.
In January, sources told Reuters that Russia and Iran were negotiating an oil-for-goods swap deal.
Russian Economy Minister Alexei Ulyukayev was quoted on November 30 as saying the deal with Iran might be sealed soon.
Iran Oil Minister Bijan Zanganeh on Wednesday said there was no such plan in prospect.
Russia, isolated by the West over its annexation of Crimea and role in the Ukraine crisis, has a close relationship with India that dates back to the Soviet era.
India and Russia are expected to issue a joint statement aimed at strengthening the energy partnership between the two countries.
State-run explorer Oil India Ltd. will also sign an initial deal with Russia’s state-owned Zarubezhneft to cooperate in the hydrocarbons sector, sources said.
Oil India will explore hiring the Moscow-based firm’s drilling vessel Deep Venture and seek Zarubezhneft’s help in extracting heavy oil from Oil India’s Rajasthan block.
An Essar spokesman declined to comment. Oil India Chairman S. K. Srivastava declined comment. Rosneft could not be immediately reached for comment.

With a bullet: Russia! Airlines! Goats!SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
China pumped $65 billion into its banks to make sure they have enough money to lend. Many Chinese depositors have pulled out money from bank accounts to shift into its roaring stock market.
Russia once again raised interest rates to defend the ruble , but to no avail. The bank of Russia raised its key rate to 10.5% from 9.5% Wednesday. The ruble fell 0.8% anyway.
AP
Stock markets in the Persian Gulf tumbled on the declining price of oil. Dubai’s stock market fell 5%, while Saudi Arabia’s market fell 2%. Crude oil rallied 1.05%, to $61.68.
Airlines are getting big savings from falling oil prices. Think that will mean lower fares? Nah .
Real contrarians bought 30-year Treasury bonds this year. They have gained 25% this year, handily beating the Standard and Poor’s 500 stock index. The Treasury has some you can buy at auction this afternoon.
The best time to buy inflation protection is when everyone thinks inflation is dead as a coffin nail.
Uber drivers in India say $130 can buy you a clean past .  Drivers need to get a certificate of good character endorsed by police, but those certificates are apparently easily bought.
Rule No. 1 in writing about bank regulation: Don’t compare it to the choking death of Eric Garner at the hands of New York police.
A hedge fund manager whose goats speak French would rate their intelligence around that of your average investment manager.

Uber admits it needs to do betterUber admits it needs to do better
BS Reporter | New Delhi Dec 12, 2014 12:28 AM IST
After almost a week of a 27-year woman being raped in Delhi by the driver of a taxi booked through Uber, and a dozen other revelations, the US-headquartered taxi aggregator on Thursday “acknowledged” it must do better to ensure safety of its passengers.
“The events of this week have made us reflect on our operations in India and we are immediately undertaking a number of important actions. During this review, we will suspend operations in New Delhi,” it said.
In a late evening statement, the company said it was conducting a full audit of its verification, rider feedback and support processes, apart from assessing its driver-screening method. “We are evaluating additional screening options to include background checks on all our driver partners in India, above and beyond what is currently required,” it said.
After the rape incident, the company’s service was banned not only in Delhi but most of its important centres, such as Bengaluru, Mumbai and Hyderabad. A First Information Report has been filed against the company and the police are debating whether or not there is a case for criminal liability. The accused driver was found to have a criminal record, and Uber has been criticised for not conducting proper background check on its drivers.
It was also revealed that one US-based Nidhi Shah had travelled with the driver in November and raised a red flag on him to the company. But Uber sat on the complaint. On Thursday, perhaps after having learnt its lessons, Uber said: “We are implementing measures to ensure critical rider feedback is escalated immediately and immediate action is taken in every instance. We are also re-reviewing rider feedback on every driver partner across India, to make sure nothing has been missed.”
The company has also offered to refund balances to the users of its cab service.   Although partnership with Paytm enables consumers to use their balance across the various merchants it supports, Uber has said, “If you still wish to have your balance refunded, you may reach out to them on care@paytm.com to have your balance credited to your bank account/debit/credit card.’’
The company also said it would bring its global best practices to enhance safety efforts in India. Earlier, Chief Executive Officer Travis Kalanick had said in a blog post that India’s policies of required background checks on drivers had several gaps. The company has officially suspended its services in Delhi. However, it did not mention anything about its plans for Mumbai, Bengaluru and Hyderabad, where it has been banned as well.
The company was also silent about meeting the Delhi government’s requirements for operating radio taxis in the city and getting the requisite licence.
“Safety is our top priority. We are fully committed to partnering with, and are in discussions with, the government, other transportation organisations and safety experts in India, to implement robust solutions for a safe ride,” the statement said.

American Airlines adding Gogo Wi-Fi to regional jetsAmerican Airlines will spend $2 billion to spruce up its planes and lobbies after its merger with US Airways. ( Julie Wernau )
Delta Air Lines already has Wi-Fi on its regional jets, and Chicago-based United said in October it would put Wi-Fi and personal-device entertainment systems on more than 200 of its larger United Express regional jets by next summer.
"Adding in-flight Wi-Fi to our two-class regional jets will give our customers what they want — comfort, connectivity and a world-class travel experience," said Andrew Nocella, American's chief marketing officer.
American already has almost 850 aircraft with Gogo service. About 70 of those aircraft are two-class regional jets.

5 Tips to Help Drive Your eCommerce Sales This Holiday SeasonThe holiday season is finally here and businesses are hustling to take advantage of this lucrative time of the year. The number of eCommerce sales worldwide has continued to grow to a whopping 1.4 billion dollars.
Take a look at these five pointers to help you achieve a stellar eCommerce season:
Temporary Thematic Makeover: Who doesn't love that holiday feeling? Give your site a whole new "Holiday Feel" for this special time of the year by using custom graphics and holiday friendly images. This will help attract customers and give them that extra urge to do a little more shopping. Make sure to use your banner space sparingly, the real estate of any site is the banner space on the top fold of the website. Use this space to communicate your specials, offers and deals. This space should be used intelligently as the highest bounce rates depend on how well the banner space is used for communication.
Prepare For The Masses: Once you have spruced up your page to kick in the holiday spirit, make sure to implement the necessary changes needed to make your site ready for the attack of shoppers. Be sure to test the production environment at least two weeks before the holiday rush season begins. Regardless of your test results make sure to have a well-trained 24/7 tech support staff ready, this is imperative for customer retention. A great way of ensuring each inquiry is taken care of is to set up a ticket based system. This allows each individual to have a ticket number that will be addressed personally.
Think Mobile: Make sure your site is mobile responsive, according to Statista there are more than 196 million online shoppers in the United States alone. Imagine the number of shoppers during the holidays! More people are turning to their cell phones to not only shop but also to use store locators, coupons and deals, hence make sure that the site renders correctly across all platforms. Don't take the risk of having an outdated website. People expect to be able to make purchases anywhere and everywhere.
Provide shipping discounts and dates: If possible provide free shipping during the holiday shopping season. Not having this option is the second most common reason why online buyers from the US don't complete their check out. This might cost you in the beginning but will eventually translate into heightened sales. Along with providing free shipping, it is equally important to provide accurate shipping timelines. This stressful time of the year can be made that much easier when your customer knows exactly when they can expect their shipment. Remember to send out follow up emails on package tracking updates to keep your customers up to date. You can also use social media to give out general shipping delivery information and timelines.
Sell, Sell and Upsell: Create a specific "holiday center" page that list all holiday specials for your customers to see.  The holiday center is a one-stop-shop that acts as a springboard for harried holiday gift buyers. Free shipping promotions, deadlines and timeframes should all be prominently displayed, as should customer service numbers, return policies, gift cards and holiday store hours, if applicable. The gift shop should have sections such as most loved, most reviews, gift guide, gift cards along with several other shopping guides and features. Don't forget to take advantage of your social media channels to effectively communicate this information as well!
Put your time and energy to good use by implementing these tips towards your sales strategy for the holiday season, making it all the merrier!
Follow Amit Bhaiya on Twitter: www.twitter.com/dotcomweavers
More:

FCA fights ruling over Whale bossFCA fights identity ruling over London Whale’s boss
Caroline Binham, Legal Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cf965e34-8145-11e4-896c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Microsoft ready to show off Windows 10 mobile SKU on January 21Microsoft ready to show off Windows 10 mobile SKU on January 21
Rape convict sentenced to life imprisonmentRape convict sentenced to life imprisonment
Portrayal of women: Tanishq  Airtel ads among the best  shows studyPortrayal of women: Tanishq, Airtel ads among the best, shows study
Viveat Susan Pinto | Mumbai Dec 12, 2014 12:36 AM IST
Jewellery brand Tanishq’s commercial on remarriage continues to strike a chord with consumers, even after a year of being first aired on television.
According to a recent study among advertising & marketing professionals in Mumbai, Delhi and Chennai, the Tanishq ad, which attempted to break taboos around the subject of remarriage, at the same time driving home the message of beauty in dark skin (the model was dusky, not fair), was the best in terms of portrayal of women in Indian advertisements. It scored 87 on a scale 100 (the higher the score, the better the ad).
Conducted by Hansa Research, the research arm of ad agency RK Swamy/BBDO, the study spanned a month, from October to November this year.
Hansa Research’s executive director, Srinivasan Raman, said the ad topped the list because of its sensitive portrayal of women. “It shows a woman living on her own terms, who also brings people together, her to-be spouse, her child... that is why it clicked,” he says.
The second-best ad in terms of portrayal of women was the recent ‘Respect for Women’ series of commercials by electricals maker Havells. The commercials show a man in different situations asking his wife to either make juice or coffee or iron his clothes or grind, and the wife in response simply gets the appliance concerned and asks him to do the needful.
Nearly 100 ad & marketing professionals part of the study said they found the Havells ads, which scored 76 on 100, humorous but driving a strong message of respect for women in simple, everyday situations.
The third-best ad was the much-debated woman-boss in a recent Airtel commercial. It scored 70, says Raman. While the ad was criticised by some on social media for being regressive (the woman is the boss at work and comes back to cook at home), Raman says the professionals surveyed found it balanced in its portrayal of women. “Here we see a woman balancing her work and home, which is a positive cue,” he says.
The next best set of ads was the heart-warming Bournvita commercial of a young girl training to be a boxer. The mother is portrayed as being strong, who stands by her daughter as she goes through the grind. It had a score of 68.
The next was the Bharatmatrimony ad showing the changing attitude of men towards working women and how men today were open to the idea of women following their dreams. It had a score of 63. The last one was the popular Nirma ad that showed three women pushing an ambulance stuck in a ditch (score of 60).

Duraimurugan offers to quitUpdated: December 12, 2014 02:06 IST
Duraimurugan offers to quit
political parties
Leadership rejects request for a position for his son
Unhappy with the party leadership for rejecting his request for a position for his son in the Vellore district unit in the party’s organisational polls, senior DMK leader Duraimurugan has offered to resign as deputy general secretary. However, the leadership has not accepted his offer, insiders say.
This is the second time Mr. Duraimurugan’s efforts to get a position for his son, Kadir Ananth, have failed. In the 2014 Lok Sabha polls, he wanted the party to field his son in Vellore. Initially, the leadership seemed interested in allotting the seat to him, and even told the ally, Indian Union Muslim League (IUML), that it could not get the constituency, which it had won previously. However, Mr. Ananth could not get it.
With the filing of nominations for Vellore district to begin on December 13, Mr. Duraimurugan’s attempt has failed again.
Asked how a leader of Mr. Duraimurugan’s stature could make such a demand when office-bearers were elected only through elections, a senior party leader said he had only sought permission for his son to file nomination.
“How can the party prevent a candidate from filing nomination? Probably, he could have sought the blessings of the leadership which will clear the path for his son,” said a senior leader.
Of late, the DMK has been avoiding appointing wards of leaders to various posts so as to avoid caucus and to bring in new faces. The party’s youth wing leader, M.K. Stalin, who toured the State to interview candidates for various posts, nominated fresh candidates, leaving out the close relatives of senior leaders.
Later, the party established a six-member committee to consider creating more district units to limit the area of control by the district secretaries and introduce new faces. The committee recommended creation of 65 districts, to the chagrin of the district secretaries who have been a force to reckon with in their area for years.

Pranab book doesnt rock any GandhiboatWritten by Abantika Ghosh | New Delhi |
Posted: December 12, 2014 2:49 am | Updated: December 12, 2014 8:54 am
The first part of President Pranab Mukherjee’s three-part autobiography, The Dramatic Decade The Indira Gandhi Years, has the Emergency era as its focal point and lives up to the writer’s own words: “I didn’t, then or later, waver from my loyalty to Indira Gandhi”. Published by Rupa, the book was launched Thursday to mark Mukherjee’s 80th birthday.
In the book, which starts from Mukherjee’s childhood in Mirati, Mukherjee suggests that it was former Bengal CM Siddhartha Shankar Ray who suggested Indira to declare the Emergency.
“In fact, Indira Gandhi told me subsequently that she was not even aware of the constitutional provisions allowing the declaration of a state of Emergency on grounds of internal disturbance,” he writes.
The book also projects Ray as the quintessential insider who chose to plead innocent before the Shah Commission and blamed Indira for a “misadventure” for which “Congress and Indira Gandhi had to pay a heavy price”.
“Not only did they (Congressmen who claimed authoring the Emergency idea when it was in force) disown their involvement, they pinned all the blame on Indira Gandhi, pleading their own innocence. Siddhartha babu was no exception,” writes Mukherjee, adding that he felt the commission’s objective was “collecting materials and information only to substantiate a pre-conceived conclusion.”
Mukherjee quotes news reports to claim that there was a rift in the Janata government over Indira’s arrest in October 1977 on corruption charges. But, he writes, a subsequent AICC session “called to condemn the repression by the Janata Party government” turned into a forum for condemning Indira Gandhi instead. “…Swaran Singh joined her critics in the open session. K P Unnikrishnan called her a ‘Bourbon’ monarch…Many of us were denied a chance to speak…”
On Jaiprakash Narayan’s Ramlila Maidan rally on June 25, 1975, he writes: “JP’s histrionics clearly highlighted that the opposition’s sole aim was to get Indira Gandhi to resign —wanting her out even before the final decision of the Supreme Court.”
About the birth of Bangladesh, Mukherjee lauds Indira Gandhi’s role in the “liberation struggle of East Pakistan” in the face of tremendous international pressure.

Land swap: Bengal seeks Rs 3 500-crpackageWritten by Vijaita Singh |
Posted: December 12, 2014 2:47 am
DAYS after Prime Minister Narendra Modi announced that India will go ahead with the ratification of land-swap deal with Bangladesh, West Bengal made a presentation before the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) proposing a package for Indians living in “adverse territories” who want to return. The state, in a detailed presentation by Chief Secretary Sanjay Mitra, has given an estimate of Rs 3,500 crore for the rehabilitation of people living in enclaves.
There are 111 Indian enclaves in Bangladesh spread over 17,000 acres and 51 Bangladesh enclaves in India spread over 7,110 acres. The population in all the enclaves is estimated to be around 51,549 of which 37,334 are reportedly Indians in Bangladesh.
“West Bengal gave a detailed presentation on what would be the benefits given to people who want to return to Indian territory from adverse territories. There is a marginal population, which wants to exchange their place of residence. It is for the benefit of those people,” said a senior official who attended the meeting.
The official added the compensation will not only be monetary in nature but will also include land and dwelling units too. Sources said though Assam and Tripura will also be affected by the land swap, the MHA will also call them for a presentation.

CBI to probe girls death during ragging inJaipurBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 12, 2014 2:46 am
Coming down heavily on ragging in educational institutions, the Supreme Court Thursday ordered a CBI probe into death of a 19-year-old girl, who allegedly died due to ragging by her seniors at Rajasthan College of Engineering for Women in Jaipur.
Justice Anil R Dave expressed serious concerns over recurrence of ragging incidents despite the Supreme Court’s strict guidelines and said it must be checked.
The court asked the CBI to take over probe after the victim’s father in a plea alleged that the police sought to protect the college and the students who caused the tragedy.
According to the FIR, in September 2011 Somya Singh, a first year B-Tech student, was made to walk on the railing at the fourth floor from where she fell down.

CBI chargesheet names MLA  ex-A-G among16By: Express News Service | Bhubaneswar |
Posted: December 12, 2014 2:44 am
THE CBI on Thursday filed its preliminary chargesheet in the case against the Artha Tatwa group, a key player in the multi-crore Orissa chit fund scam, accusing 16 people including a BJD MLA, a former advocate general and the group’s chief of perpetrating the scam worth Rs 200 crore.
In its chargesheet submitted before a special CBI court here, the agency accused BJD MLA Pravat Tripathy, former A-G Ashok Mohanty, Artha Tatwa CMD Pradeep Sethy, Bollywood model coordinator Priti Bhatia, media house owners Madhu Mohanty and Manoj Das, among others, of hatching the conspiracy.
The chargesheet also named seven organisations run by Sethy, including 5 cooperative societies.
The accused have been charged under IPC sections of criminal conspiracy, criminal breach of trust, dishonestly receiving stolen property, cheating, forgery for purpose of cheating, and using as genuine a forged document. Sections of the Prize Chits and Money Circulation Schemes (Banning) Act have also been applied.
The chargesheet detailed how Sethy, 36, started the chit fund group in 2010 after registering his organisations under the Companies Act and the Multi-State Cooperative Societies Act. Sethy collected money from small investors in Orissa with a promise of high returns ranging from 15 to 20 per cent. The chargesheet detailed the extent of business relations between Sethy and Tripathy. In one audio conversation, Tripathy is purpotedly heard demanding money from Sethy to organise an event in his constituency.
Former A-G Ashok Mohanty too has been shown as having helped Sethy by entering into a dubious transaction with Sethy in the purchase of a two-storied house in Cuttack.
The chargesheet filed on Thursday is only a preliminary one to meet statutory requirement of filing the chargesheet within 120 days. A supplementary chargesheet could follow.
(With ENS, Delhi)

Limiting the impact of Section 377Updated: December 12, 2014 02:45 IST
Limiting the impact of Section 377
Chintan Chandrachud
Tweet
The Hindu
THIRD WAY OUT: “While the Supreme Court dismissed a review petition seeking reconsideration of its judgment, the option of a legislative repeal is a bleaker prospect.” Picture shows members of the Delhi Queer Pride Committee in 2010. Photo: Rajeev Bhatt
TOPICS
gays and lesbians
Two difficult options have been considered so far to nullify the Supreme Court’s decision on Section 377. But there is another, more subtle, option on the table
December 11, 2014 marked one year from the day on which the Supreme Court delivered one of its most heavily criticised judgments in recent history: Suresh Kumar Koushal v Naz Foundation. (Koushal). The court’s order in that case is only too well known— it had reversed a Delhi High Court judgment reading down Section 377 of the Indian Penal Code (which criminalises ‘carnal intercourse against the order of nature’), effectively placing India’s LGBT community in the shadow of criminality and continued social stigmatisation. The judgment first extended a rebuttable presumption of constitutionality to an almost conclusive presumption that legislation which is validly enacted cannot be struck down, second it failed to consider whether the separate legislative treatment of ‘carnal intercourse against the order of nature’ was based on intelligible grounds and third, it seemed to ascribe a numerical de minimus for the enjoyment of fundamental rights.
Nullifying Koushal
So far, scholars and activists have considered two options to nullify Koushal: one, a judicial reconsideration of the decision and two, the legislative repeal of Section 377. As it stands, both of these seem difficult. In February 2014, the Supreme Court dismissed a review petition seeking reconsideration of the judgment. A second review petition (called a ‘curative petition’) is pending, and placing bets on its outcome is a task best left to daredevils. Legislative repeal is a much bleaker prospect, given that the Bharatiya Janata Party and its associates have sent mixed signals on the issue. It is also widely perceived that legislative repeal will jeopardise an important segment of the party’s conservative political constituency — a price that it is probably unwilling to pay. But there is a third, much more subtle, option on the table — narrowing the impact of Koushal through subsequent decisions.
Two judgments indicate that this option is silently under way. In National Legal Services Authority v Union of India, the Supreme Court was tasked with deciding whether the right to equality and other fundamental rights required state recognition of hijras and transgenders as a third gender for the purposes of public health, welfare, reservations in education and employment, etc. In a remarkably broad ruling, the court held that transgenders should be treated as a third gender and that they should be given the right to gender self-identification. Without overruling Koushal, the court undercut some of its findings. First, it observed that even though Section 377 was facially gender neutral, it had a disproportionate impact on certain communities. Second, it rejected the numerical de minimus for the enjoyment of fundamental rights set up by Koushal, observing that transgenders, “even though insignificant in numbers,” enjoyed the same fundamental rights as everyone else.
Gujarat High Court’s judgment
In another scarcely reported, but no less significant, judgment (Kirankumar Devmani v State of Gujarat), the Gujarat High Court dealt similar setbacks to Koushal. The question before the High Court was whether the state was justified in refusing to grant tax concession for a Gujarati film depicting the life of a homosexual. In a carefully reasoned judgment, the court held that the state’s refusal violated the right to equality and the freedom of speech and expression. The Koushal judgment arose for the court’s consideration, since the question then was whether the state was justified in refusing concessions to a film that encouraged an “illegal” activity. The High Court’s observations, which stand in stark contrast to the Koushal prognosis, are worth quoting: “Even a person with homosexual preference as human being [sic] has right to life and liberty guaranteed under Article 21 of the Constitution… In the constitutional scheme of things that we have adopted in our country, plurality of ideologies and different view points are accepted and respected.” The court was, of course, conscious that judicial discipline demanded that the Koushal judgment be upheld. Quite masterfully, it acknowledged that “carnal intercourse” was an offence, but did not go into the question of whether it was morally wrong and would “leave it at that.”
The High Court then capitalised on the poor reasoning of the judgment in Koushal to narrow its precedential value, holding that the Supreme Court’s judgment rested significantly on the presumption of constitutionality and did not cast light on the “subject matter” of homosexuality in general. It concluded by saying that although it neither “endorsed nor deprecated” the ideas in the film, the state’s failure to grant the tax concession was unconstitutional.
These two judgments suggest that the imperfect legal reasoning adopted in Koushal makes it highly susceptible to narrowing. The silent disintegration of judgments — as an alternative to the more hard-edged options of judicial overruling or legislative repeal — is a common phenomenon. In the United Kingdom, the House of Lords gradually retreated from its controversial decision in Pepper v Hart (allowing parliamentary proceedings to be cited for the purposes of statutory interpretation). In the United States, the Supreme Court under Justice John Roberts has narrowed precedents in many areas, including abortion, campaign finance and affirmative action.
Richard Posner, the renowned American jurist, describes this as “boiling the frog.” The unpleasant analogy is that if you want to boil a frog, you put it in warm water and gradually turn up the heat — if you were to drop it in boiling water, it would jump out at you. Koushal’s emasculation has begun. The water may not be boiling — but it is warm.
(Chintan Chandrachud is a PhD candidate at the University of Cambridge.)

Stronger spending linked to gas & jobsstronger spending linked to gas & jobs
Rapper Young Jeezy sees weapon charge dismissed...and
versions
NEWPORT BEACH, Calif. (AP) — A felony weapons charge against platinum-selling rapper Young Jeezy has been dismissed after a prosecutor said there wasn't enough evidence to support the case.
Orange County Deputy District Attorney Renee Jones sought the dismissal during a court hearing Thursday but declined to elaborate on what new information led to it.
Jeezy, whose real name is Jay Wayne Jenkins, and five others were arrested in August after authorities served a search warrant at the Verizon Amphitheatre in Irvine and found an AK-47.
Police were investigating the death of a man who was shot backstage at a concert Jeezy co-headlined with Wiz Khalifa days earlier at the Shoreline Amphitheatre in Mountain View. Jeezy and the other five, who included a tour bus driver and his wife, were never identified as suspects in the killing.
Jeezy and the others each pleaded not guilty to a single count of felony possession of an assault weapon.
The rapper did not attend Thursday's hearing but attacked his arrest and the filing of charges. "I pray this had nothing to do with race, but it definitely had nothing to do with evidence," Jeezy wrote.
He criticized what he called a rush to judgment by the media and police.
"I'm relieved that the truth has ultimately prevailed, and I would like to thank those who have always stood by me including my family and fans," Jeezy wrote.
Jones said the investigation into the shooting death of Eric Johnson, 38, is ongoing.
Orange County Superior Court Judge Robert C. Gannon granted the dismissal and said he would sign orders allowing Jeezy and his entourage to regain their passports and other property seized from them.
Jeezy's attorney Blair Berk said she was pleased the case was dropped but said the rapper should not have been arrested or charged.
___
Anthony McCartney can be reached at http://twitter.com/mccartneyAP

Holiday shopping boosts US retail sales... 
JOSH BOAK | December 11, 2014 03:39 PM EST | Associated Press
WASHINGTON (AP) — U.S. retail sales perked up in November, as cheaper gas and an improving job market fueled a promising start to the holiday shopping season.
Retail sales rose a seasonally-adjusted 0.7 percent, the most in eight months, the Commerce Department said Thursday. Falling gasoline prices dented gas stations receipts by 0.8 percent, but that appears to have freed up money that consumers took elsewhere.
Excluding gas stations, sales climbed a healthy 0.9 percent. Spending on motor vehicles accelerated 1.7 percent, while purchases at clothiers, online retailers, electronics stores and department stores all expanded. Non-store retailers, which include online and mail-order outlets, rose 1 percent.
The figures indicate that consumers have pumped up their holiday shopping, despite initial signs within the retail industry that Black Friday was weak this year. To extract more dollars, stores are plying shoppers with big discounts and other enticements — a trend that will likely continue into the season's finale.
Over the past 12 months, retail sales are up 5.1 percent.
"In the months ahead, we expect consumers keep spending the extra income gained from the strong job market and the collapse in energy prices," said Laura Rosner, an analyst at the bank BNP Paribas.
Average national gas prices have slid to $2.64 a gallon, down nearly 30 cent, or 9.8 percent, over the past month, according to the AAA's Daily Fuel Gauge.
Many analysts believe that holiday spending could rise by at least 4 percent this year because of recent job growth as well. A hiring spree since February has bolstered the number of people with steady paychecks by nearly 2.65 million, and consumer confidence has also brightened.
Employers added 321,000 jobs in November, and the unemployment rate held steady at 5.8 percent, the Labor Department reported last week.
Still, some preliminary indicators suggested that the Thanksgiving and Black Friday weekend was disappointing for retailers.
An estimated 133.7 million people shopped in stores and online, down 5.2 percent from a year ago, according to a survey of 4,631 people conducted by Prosper Insights & Analytics for the National Retail Federation. Total spending for the weekend was projected to fall 11 percent to $50.9 billion from a year ago.
That hints at the absence of meaningful wage gains for many workers, despite recent job growth. Average hourly wages have risen just 2.1 percent over the past 12 months, slightly ahead of inflation.
But consumer behavior is also shifting. Stores pushed Black Friday deals days or weeks earlier than Thanksgiving weekend. That has created fatigue over the Thanksgiving weekend sales bonanza. The NRF has said that its survey offers a snapshot in time and is not tied to its economic forecast. Rather, it shows how shoppers remain cautious and will look for discounts and deals.
Also, there are signs of people forgoing smaller expenditures to replace bigger ticket items such as automobiles.
Motor vehicles sold in November at an annualized clip of 17.2 million, a 4.6 percent increase from the prior year, according to Autodata Corp.
Subaru and Chrysler led the major automakers with sales increases around 20 percent on strong demand for their small SUVs.
Retailers still need to lure the procrastinators who haven't yet completed their holiday buying. Wal-Mart Stores Inc., the world's largest retailer, launched one-day free shipping that will last until Friday. And it announced hundreds of new savings that will last through the holiday season. It also pledged that holiday gifts ordered by Dec. 19 sent by standard delivery will arrive by Dec. 24.
"Gift buying no longer happens on just one day or in just one way," said Scott McCall,  senior vice president of toys and seasonal merchandising for its Wal-Mart U.S. division in a statement. "We're seeing more customers shopping across the season while visiting both our store and online aisles."
___
AP Retail Writer Anne D'Innocenzio in New York contributed to this report.

Tapia  documentary set to air on HBO on Dec. 16... 
RUSSELL CONTRERAS | December 11, 2014 03:29 PM EST | Associated Press
ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. (AP) — A documentary on the rise and fall of Albuquerque-born, multiple-time world champion boxer Johnny Tapia is scheduled to air on HBO next week.
The network says "Tapia" will be shown Dec. 16 and will show the boxer's life through first-person narration and archival footage. Filmed during the boxer's final months, the documentary shows images from his fights along with episodes from his clashes with the law.
The film premiered at the Los Angeles Film Festival last year and was shown at the Santa Fe Independent Film Festival, where it won the Grand Jury Award for best documentary.
"Johnny Tapia's life story was an incredible journey, and we are eager to celebrate his biggest accomplishments and chronicle the toughest and most difficult moments of his turbulent life," Rock Berstein, HBO Sports executive producer, said in a statement.
The network said hip hop artist and actor Curtis "50 Cent" Jackson and boxing promoter Lou DiBella are the documentary's executive producers.
The Mexican-American boxer, who was also known as "Mi Vida Loca," died at his Albuquerque home in 2012. His turbulent boxing career was marked by cocaine addiction, alcohol, depression and run-ins with the law.
Orphaned at 8 when his mother was stabbed 26 times with a screwdriver and left to die, Tapia later turned to boxing, where he won several championships in three weight classes. He won the WBA bantamweight title, the IBF and WBO junior bantamweight titles and the IBF featherweight belt.
During his professional career, however, he was banned from boxing for 3 1/2 years in the early '90s because of his cocaine addiction.
Investigators said there were no indications of a drug overdose or alcohol use in his death but that the 45-year-old former fighter likely developed medical complications from past illegal drug use.
Sam Kassicieh, the boxer's former personal physician and friend, said after reading the autopsy report that he believed Tapia's use of illegal drugs probably played a role in his death, but that it was not the sole reason.
___
Online: Tapia Trailer (HBO Boxing), http://youtu.be/tllXLOQ2vWU
___
Follow Russell Contreras at http://twitter.com/russcontreras

FINRA fines 10 banks over Toys R Us IPO conduct...and
versions
NEW YORK (AP) — The Financial Industry Regulatory Authority is fining 10 banks a total of $43.5 million, saying they tried to win roles in the initial public offering of Toys R Us by offering the company favorable analyst coverage.
FINRA says the banks violated its conflict-of-interest rules by telling the company their analysts would write favorable reports about Toys R Us if they were named as underwriters of the offering. The toy retailer filed for an IPO in 2010 but ultimately decided did not go public.
The agency says the companies consented to its findings but did not admit or deny the allegations.
"Each of these firms used their analyst to solicit investment banking business from Toys 'R' Us and offered favorable research" to the company, said Susan Axelrod of FINRA.
Eight of the banks that were fined were listed as underwriters of the Toys R Us IPO.
Barclays PLC, Citigroup Inc., Credit Suisse Group AG, Goldman Sachs Group Inc., and JPMorgan Chase & Co. were fined $5 million each. Deutsche Bank AG, Bank of America Corp., Morgan Stanley and Wells Fargo & Co. were each fined $4 million and Needham & Co. was fined $2.5 million.
Citigroup said it is pleased to have resolved the issue. JPMorgan Chase, Goldman Sachs, Bank of America, Credit Suisse, Deutsche Bank, Morgan Stanley, Needham, Barclays and Wells Fargo declined to comment.

Cabinet clears 49 percent FDI in insurance22 days ago, ET NOW
Cabinet clears 49pc FDI in insurance
More on ET NOW:
ET NOW - 5 hours ago
LATEST ET NOW VIDEOS
Terms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

Falling crude oil price: Valuation of foreign energy assets declinesFalling crude oil price: Valuation of foreign energy assets declines
HBO Wants To Launch Standalone Streaming Service In April: Reportreddit
HBO's new standalone streaming service is being prepped for an April 2015 launch, according to a Fortune report .
HBO wants to launch the service, which will not require a cable subscription , to coincide with the new season of "Game of Thrones," HBO's most successful show ever , with an average of 18.4 million viewers per episode, according to Deadline.
HBO did not immediately respond to a request for comment from The Huffington Post.
Fortune's report cites a leaked memo written by Mark Thomas, HBO's senior vice president of technology program management, and Drew Angeloff, HBO's senior vice president of digital products.
"Our top priority: Fully support the work needed to enable the external solution for April," the memo reads in part.
Fortune reports that HBO is outsourcing development of the new service to MLB Advanced Media amid corporate infighting about the state of HBO Go, the company's current digital service, available only to cable customers. That service suffered major technical problems earlier this year.
More:

Supreme Court Rules Against Amazon Workers In Security Clearance CaseU.S. Top Court Rules No Worker Pay For Security Screening
Reuters
(Adds reaction from plaintiffs' lawyer and Amazon, paragraphs  4-5)
By Lawrence Hurley
WASHINGTON, Dec 9 (Reuters) - The U.S. Supreme Court on  Tuesday handed a victory to employers over worker compensation,  ruling that companies do not have to pay employees for the time  they spend undergoing security checks at the end of their shifts  in a case involving an Amazon.com Inc warehousing  contractor.
The court decided by a 9-0 vote that employees of Integrity  Staffing Solutions facilities in Nevada, where Amazon  merchandise is processed and shipped, cannot claim compensation  for time spent undergoing screening - up to half an hour a day,  according to the workers - aimed at protecting against theft.
The ruling is likely to benefit other companies facing  similar lawsuits including Amazon, CVS Health Corp and  Apple Inc, according to Integrity's lawyers. The cases  against Amazon, Integrity and other staffing companies affect up  to 400,000 workers, with plaintiffs claiming hundreds of  millions of dollars in damages, according to court filings.
Amazon spokeswoman Kelly Cheeseman said the allegations in  the Integrity case of a lengthy security screening process were  "simply not true." She added that Amazon's screening process is   designed to take 90 seconds per employee at its facilities.
Mark Thierman, an attorney for the plaintiffs, said the  ruling leaves thousands of workers "short-changed a half hour  per day." Many workers will still be able to pursue similar  claims under state law, Thierman added.
Justice Clarence Thomas wrote on behalf of the court that  the screening process is not a "principal activity" of the  workers' jobs under a law called the Fair Labor Standards Act  and therefore is not subject to compensation.
For workers to be paid, the activity in question must be "an  intrinsic element" of the job and "one with which the employee  cannot dispense if he is to perform his principal activities,"  Thomas wrote.
The high court reversed an April 2013 ruling by the 9th U.S.  Circuit Court of Appeals, which had found that the screenings  were an integral part of the warehousing job done for the  benefit of the employer and should be compensated.
Employees had sued Integrity Staffing Solutions for back  wages and overtime pay, saying they should have been compensated  for time spent in security screenings.
Amazon, the world's largest online retailer, is not directly  involved in the case. A business group called the Retail  Litigation Center, in a brief supporting the warehousing  company, said the industry in general loses $16 billion annually  in thefts.
The case is Integrity Staffing Solutions, Inc v. Jesse Busk  and Laurie Castro, U.S. Supreme Court, No. 13-433.     (Additional reporting by Deepa Seetharaman; Editing by Will  Dunham)
Also on HuffPost:

Ebola Fighters Are Time Magazine s Person Of The YearThe Ebola fighters have been named Time magazine's Person of the Year for 2014.
Time's managing editor Nancy Gibbs revealed the winner on NBC's "Today" Wednesday morning. She had announced the final eight candidates on Monday.
"These men and women did the hard and dangerous work in treating patients and protecting the rest of us," Gibbs told Matt Lauer. She applauded the fighters for demonstrating an "exceptionally great amount of courage and kindness and bravery."
The issue has five different covers:
The Ebola Fighters are TIME’s Person of the Year for 2014. http://t.co/0s4PQnYYeA #TIMEPOY pic.twitter.com/lnj4OLjMc1
— TIME.com (@TIME) December 10, 2014
The caregivers featured on the cover include two doctors, a nurse, an ambulance driver and a health care worker.
Other finalists this year included Russian President Vladimir Putin, singer Taylor Swift, NFL commissioner Roger Goodell, Apple CEO Tim Cook and President of the Kurdistan Region in Iraq Massoud Barzani. The magazine also considered larger news stories, including the protestors in Ferguson, Missouri, following the killing of unarmed teenager Michael Brown.
Among the caregivers honored in this year's issue is Dr. Kent Brantly , the American doctor who contracted Ebola while caring for patients in Liberia. Brantly, who has since recovered from the virus , called into the "Today" show after the news was announced to express his gratitude.
"It's just a huge honor," Brantly said, adding that receiving such recognition brings on mixed emotions.
"This is not simply a historic event that we're looking back on," he said. "It's still happening. Ebola fighters are not just people who did something brave and courageous. They are still in the trenches fighting that war as we speak."
Chosen by the magazine's editors each year, Time's Person of the Year is an individual or group of individuals who have had the greatest impact on news that year. Previous winners include Pope Francis and Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg. Time also revealed on Monday that Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi was the winner of the 2014 reader's poll.
More:

Its Time to Put a Price on CarbonEmail
Comment
Nelson Mandela, who founded The Elders in 2007, believed transformative leaders needed the generosity and courage to see beyond narrow self-interest. No challenge requires these qualities as much, or as urgently, as climate change.
As the complex negotiations between 195 member state representatives gather pace in Lima, Peru, at the 20th meeting of the Conference of the Parties (COP-20), we once again raise our hopes that this time things will be different, and a draft framework will emerge that will be the basis of a new Climate Agreement that nations sign up to in Paris in 2015.
There has been progress. Commitments by China, the United States and the European Union to cut emissions have given the current UN's climate change talks in Lima momentum. But while an important and welcome step, they do not meet the scale of the reductions needed. Nor have other major economies yet matched their promises.
And while such headline commitments are, of course, essential, they will not be sufficient to protect our world from potential climate disaster. Agreement must also be reached on the mechanisms to deliver these cuts, how they will be assessed, reported and enforced.
There is a huge amount of detailed work required covering a wide range of areas.
We need as well to find the means to help poorer countries cope with climate change which is not just inevitable but is already taking place. Climate change is not an abstract concern or future threat. It is happening now.
According to the UN's World Meteorological Organisation, 2014 is on course to be the hottest on record. It would mean fourteen of the 15 warmest years ever recorded have occurred in the 21st century.
With rising temperatures, just as the experts predicted, has come more frequent and more extreme weather.  Droughts are longer, storms are more severe. As always, it is the poorest and most vulnerable who suffer most. Yet we have failed badly so far to face up to either the urgency or magnitude of this crisis.
This is why, building on Lima, a universal climate agreement must be signed at the COP-21 talks in Paris next year. Kyoto did not bring about the scale of change we needed. We dare not make the same mistake again. Another failure or further delay would sentence our world to a deeply worrying future.
The over-riding need is agreement on a goal for all nations to reach carbon neutrality by 2050. This must be done in a way which is equitable and supportive of the development aspirations of all countries.
What is also now clear is that at the heart of the process must be a binding international agreement on pricing carbon emissions.  Without such an agreement, the change of behaviour to drive the shift to low-carbon economies simply will not happen.
Pricing carbon incorporates the principle that the polluter pays, building incentives and penalties into the process. It enables risk to be quantified and will help deliver the public and private investment needed to transform our economies.
To achieve these goals, the price of carbon needs to be credible and predictable, sufficient to induce the necessary reduction in carbon emissions and encourage investment in climate mitigation. Accurately pricing carbon will accelerate development of alternative sources of energy. In addition, transparent compliance and measurement mechanisms need to be agreed that will hold markets and nations to account and signal progress towards climate goals.
Countries are, of course, at different levels of development and have different responsibilities for the carbon already in our atmosphere. But the principle of 'common but differentiated responsibility' means that, while there must be flexibility on adoption, all countries must be ready to accept carbon pricing and reduce emissions.
Justice, however, also requires richer countries to help those behind them on the development path. They need support to meet the ambitions of their citizens in a sustainable way but also to protect their citizens from the impact of climate change.
At the moment, the Green Climate Fund set up to deliver these goals has only $9.3 billion of the anticipated $100 billion needed each year by 2020. This is hardly likely to encourage developing economies to make the changes needed.  Bolstering the fund will require significant private capital and investment that will be fostered by agreeing on a meaningful and equitable price on carbon by the Paris COP in December 2015.
The Elders understand the short-term electoral pressures on the world's political leaders. But now is the time to find the vision and courage -- the 'generous accommodation' of which Mandela spoke -- to raise sights and ambitions.
The costs of failure are immense but so are the rewards. We will not only fulfill our responsibilities to future generations but show how our shared values can be put into action effectively in a globalized economy. Putting a price on carbon is key to this ambition.  Efforts to reduce poverty and make the economy greener can, unlike what many suggest, be compatible.
Follow The Elders on Twitter: @TheElders
Follow Kofi Annan on Twitter: www.twitter.com/KofiAnnan
More:

HSBC: Merry Christmas! But We Can Still Repossess Your HomeComment
HSBC’s Christmas cheer this year includes a Scrooge-like reminder of its power to repossess homes.
A sign posted in a branch location in central London thanked the more than 100,000 customers who “trusted us with your mortgages this year.” In slightly smaller font beneath the message, a warning reads: “Your home may be repossessed if you do not keep up repayments of your mortgage.”
James Ball, an editor at The Guardian newspaper, tweeted a photo of the sign, which also imparts a jolly “Season’s greetings” from the bank.
Merry Christmas! Pay us or we'll take your home! pic.twitter.com/g0a9uxGt3Z
— James Ball (@jamesrbuk) December 10, 2014
Lenders came under increased scrutiny in the U.K. in April after the Financial Conduct Authority -- the agency that regulates the City, Britain’s version of Wall Street -- passed new rules to ensure that borrowers get mortgages they can afford to pay back. By the bank's own estimate , the exhaustive interviews for a loan from HSBC now take more than 90 minutes.
The ominous line in HSBC’s holiday sign is a mandatory disclosure for advertising mortgages.
"Although we realize it doesn't look very festive, it is a legal requirement to have these words on all our U.K. mortgage adverts, and for them to be easily noticeable," Neil Brazil, an HSBC spokesman, told The Huffington Post on Wednesday.
Similar regulations exist in the U.S. A Federal Trade Commission rule requires all lenders and mortgage-assistance services disclose in these exact words: “If you stop paying your mortgage, you could lose your home and damage your credit rating.”
This story has been updated with a comment from HSBC.
More:

Walmart China Stores Inflated Profit: ReportEmail Print
Save
Dec. 11 (Bloomberg) -- Cracks in the foundation of Wal-Mart’s retail business in China have been developing for years, hidden by questionable accounting and unauthorized sales practices, according to employees and internal documents reviewed by Bloomberg. Bloomberg's John Dawson has the details on "First Up." (Source: Bloomberg)
Related
Wal-Mart's China Troubles
After years of heralding China as one of its best markets, Wal-Mart (WMT) in August said its performance there was among the worst in its major countries. A management shake-up and job cuts have followed.
Although the reversals seem abrupt, cracks in the foundation of Wal-Mart’s retail business in China have been developing for years, hidden by questionable accounting and unauthorized sales practices, according to employees and internal documents reviewed by Bloomberg.
The practices -- including bulk sales to other retailers and some sales allegedly booked when no merchandise left the shelves -- made business appear strong even as retail transactions slowed and unsold inventory piled up, these people and documents say. Wal-Mart said in August that it was unhappy with inventory growth internationally .
Stores in China continue to make bulk sales, sometimes unprofitably and without required management authorizations, according to employees who’ve left the company this past month. Concerns about bulk sales, raised as far back as 2011 in an internal report, have been the subject of inquiries in China by Wal-Mart’s legal team as recently as May, according to an internal company e-mail and an employee interviewed by lawyers.
Photographer: Brent Lewin/Bloomberg
A Wal-Mart advert in Beijing, China. Close
A Wal-Mart advert in Beijing, China.
Close
Photographer: Brent Lewin/Bloomberg
A Wal-Mart advert in Beijing, China.
The report and interviews with current and former employees say Chinese Wal-Mart stores, under pressure to meet earnings targets, resorted to temporary markups of inventory as an accounting move that can burnish profits without any added sales of merchandise.
Extensive Investigation
After employees “recognized inventory pricing discrepancies” in 2011, the company’s senior leadership in the U.S. and China ordered an extensive investigation that led to “various leadership changes and disciplinary actions,” strengthened compliance measures, training, and regular audits, Wal-Mart Stores Inc. said in a statement.
“None of the financial issues we’ve reviewed in China were determined to be material to Wal-Mart’s consolidated financial condition or results of operations,” the statement said. Wal-Mart didn’t address specific questions on accounting issues, and leadership changes. It said bulk sales to retailers are common practice in developing markets, monitored regularly, and a modest part of its Chinese business.
Four top managers of Wal-Mart China left the company in 2011, including Ed Chan, then chief executive officer for the country. Chan, now vice chairman of C.P. Lotus Corp., a retailer based in Hong Kong , said the reason he left was known only to him and Wal-Mart and was unrelated to price markups or bulk purchases. At the time, Wal-Mart said he left for personal reasons.
Ethics ’Flexibility’
The bulk sales provided at least 1.6 billion yuan ($243 million) in sales, and the markups accounted for 4 percent of gross profits in 2010 alone at 98 hypermarket stores examined by Stanford Lin, who conducted the internal review. These stores accounted for about half of total hypermarket sales in China that year.
At the time, Wal-Mart was looking to growth abroad to make up for a slowdown in the U.S.
“There is a general flexibility on ethics” in China, Lin said in an interview. “There was a huge desire to perform. In this market, they believe if they’re hitting the numbers, then they’re doing the right thing.”
Lin left Wal-Mart last year, and became head of Chinese operations for Visa Inc. in Shanghai.
Markup Time
By 2010, the year of Lin’s review, the U.S. was just emerging from recession. While Wal-Mart’s Chinese operations were expanding, the stores weren’t running as profitably as those operated in the U.S. by the Bentonville, Arkansas-based retailer.
As a newly minted member of Wal-Mart’s Strategy and Innovation Team, Lin, a former McKinsey & Co. consultant, was assigned to look for ways to improve productivity. What he found was a Chinese operation veering out of control.
Lin traveled across the country asking workers in the hypermarkets -- vast, we-sell-it-all arcades roughly equivalent to Wal-Mart’s core superstores in the U.S. -- what kind of activity was wasting their time. Markups, they told him: hours spent putting higher prices on thousands of goods -- from DVD players to vintage liquor. Managers often told employees to raise prices in the last week of the month, and to move them down at the start of the next month.
Highly Confidential
The employees couldn’t understand why. Higher prices, even if temporary, didn’t jibe with the everyday-low-pricing strategy that founder Sam Walton and his successors used to turn his Arkansas five-and-dime into the world’s biggest retail chain, with more than $480 billion in annual sales.
The markups were part of a pattern of “unusual,” unauthorized, and “unsustainable,” accounting moves and deals with suppliers and rivals that made sales and profits look stronger than the underlying retail trends in the stores, according to Lin’s 32-page review, labeled “Highly Confidential.”
“The business was continually getting worse despite their pronouncements to the contrary,” Lin said earlier this year.
The February 2011 review and interviews with current and former Wal-Mart employees raise questions about how the company has booked results in the world’s second-biggest economy. They also cast new light on Wal-Mart’s degree of success in China -- which the company called a standout in the period Lin covered.
Deflationary Pressure
China “drove the strong sales performance” of the international division, Wal-Mart told investors in May 2010. Eight days after Lin’s written review, Wal-Mart said in a conference call that China was among countries with the highest sales increases in its fiscal year ended Jan. 31, 2011.
Now, it is one of the weaker links. Net sales fell in China in the company’s fiscal quarter ended Oct. 31, which it said was “due to retail deflationary pressure.” The company has said it will close about 30 of roughly 400 Chinese stores, and on Dec. 2 it said it is shedding 250 jobs in China, mostly in merchandising and marketing.
There will be 6,000 new jobs created with the opening of 31 new stores and distribution centers this year, the company has said.
The U.S. Department of Justice and the Securities and Exchange Commission have been investigating Wal-Mart for possible violations of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the company has disclosed. Internal investigations of possible misconduct are open in four countries, including China, the company has said.
It isn’t known whether the practices described in Lin’s report are part of the inquiries under the act, which has a section on the integrity of books and records. The company has said it is cooperating with investigators. Wal-Mart declined to comment on the inquiry.
Footprint Growing
Altering reported income by marking up inventory “only to turn around and mark it down again” after the end of the quarter “would be fraud,” said Lynn Turner , a former chief accountant for the SEC and now a managing director at LitiNomics Inc., an advisory firm in Los Angeles. Turner was speaking generally, and not about Wal-Mart.
Wal-Mart entered China in 1996. After opening 56 stores in its first 10 years, the company hired Chan as CEO in 2006. Educated in the U.S., and formerly with McKinsey, he was familiar with American business practices, and driven to enlarge the retailer’s footprint in China, colleagues said.
By 2008, the store count hit 200 and China had become a profitable market. In 2009 Forbes China named Chan among its “People of the Year.”
Chan operated under the company’s “freedom within a framework” policy that allowed executives to run their own areas without interference, according to those who worked for him. He allowed his deputies to handle the day-to-day running of the business while keeping them focused on meeting profit goals, which helped decide raises and promotions, they said.
Label Swaps
Chan had been the boss in China for two years whenDoug McMillon, now Wal-Mart’s chief executive officer, became head of international operations. An Arkansas native, McMillon rose through the ranks from a store level-job to merchandising posts and a stint running the Sam’s Club warehouse division. Within three months of taking over international, McMillon told investors that it needed to be more productive.
Lin, fluent in English and Mandarin, and schooled in the U.S. like Chan, said he was hired to root out inefficiency and reduce head counts. The time spent on markups quickly caught his attention.
When buyers asked stores to change prices, they had 24 hours to comply -- often scrambling to swap out labels on 1,000 or more products, according to one former operations executive for Wal-Mart China.
Department 14
After widespread end-of-month markups in 2008, customer complaints about the unpredictability of Wal-Mart pricing came up at one of the meetings of senior managers that Chan attended, this person said. He said he never heard from anyone about following up.
In his report, Lin highlighted “Department 14,” or housewares. He said the division marked up 183 products in the last week of December 2010, increasing gross profits by 2.5 million yuan . In the first week of January 2011, the products were marked back down.
It was an accounting entry, not added sales, that was behind these higher profits, according to Lin.
In simplified retail accounting, gross profits are sales minus the cost of goods sold. The cost figure can be calculated by subtracting ending inventory from beginning inventory. Lin’s report said the price markups were applied to ending inventory, giving the appearance of lower costs.
High Targets
Hypothetically, say a store had $20,000 of wine at the start of a month, and was left with $10,000 worth at month’s end. Its cost of goods sold would be $10,000. If sales were $15,000, gross profits would be $5,000. But if ending inventory is marked up 20 percent, the cost of goods sold drops and wine profit rises to $7,000.
At Wal-Mart China, profit and sales targets, established by headquarters, were high, and so was the pressure to hit them, according to Samuel Guo, a former purchasing manager for home and seasonal products. Guo said his supervisors would send weekly reminders telling employees where they stood on margin targets and other key performance indicators. He said he didn’t see any end-of-the-month markups in his division.
Wal-Mart was also facing increasing competition from multinationals like France-based Carrefour SA (CA) , and local chains including Sun-Art Retail Group Ltd., backed by another French company, Groupe Auchan SA. Wal-Mart’s struggling to attract more ordinary Chinese consumers often turned to unprofitable bulk sales to improve their numbers, several employees said.
Wal-Mart was the third-largest hypermarket operator in China last year with a 10.4 percent market share, according to Euromonitor International. The stock gained 1 percent to $83.83 at the close in New York .
Pressure
“The store was under a lot of pressure from the HQ to meet certain sales and margin targets every month,” said Tom Huang, an administration manager at the Wal-Mart in the city of Changde, which closed in March.
At around 8 p.m., when sales were slow, store-level managers responsible for various product categories would call wholesalers and “ask them to come down and buy” items in bulk, said Huang, a union representative who has been involved in legal efforts to get more severance for the laid-off Changde workers.
The company was losing money on bulk sales of groceries and barely selling above cost on a range of other products, Lin’s report said. Bulk transactions of 10,000 yuan and above were supposed to be approved by store managers, but to avoid the sign-offs, employees would simply break them up into smaller lots ’’against company policy’’ -- in one case splitting up a sale of 9,600 bottles of soybean oil into 32 separate transactions, Lin said.
Dove Chocolate
More recently, company purchasing managers would ask their product buyers each month whether they’d arranged enough bulk sales, one regional buyer said. The buyers would sell large quantities of products such as Dove chocolates, chewing gum and toilet paper to smaller wholesalers and mom-and-pop stores, the Wal-Mart buyer said.
In some cases, a store would register a sale to a supplier of the same goods the vendor had previously sold to Wal-Mart -- but the goods didn’t go anywhere, according to Lin. Recording the transaction would automatically trigger Wal-Mart’s ordering system to place a new order for the same goods, he said.
“It’s all engineered on paper,” Lin said. “The items never actually leave the shelves.”
A sale like that is “a plan designed to mislead. It’s inflating sales,” said Douglas Carmichael, former chief auditor of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board and a professor at Baruch College in Manhattan . ’’It certainly would create a distortion of the income statement.’’
Orders Rise
To make up for the losses and low-margins earned on bulk sales, Wal-Mart product buyers looked to suppliers for help in the form of fees including cash rebates, according to Lin’s review and three former and current employees. Suppliers’ agreement to pay the rebates often came with “quid pro quo” commitments by Wal-Mart to order more merchandise, driving inventories even higher, Lin’s report said.
During U.S. earnings calls throughout Chan’s tenure, Wal-Mart’s Bentonville executives highlighted Chinese sales performance. In August and November of 2008, the company said same-store sales in China were strong and driven by increases of up to 18 percent in the size of the average transaction -- a sign that growth mostly stemmed from big sales.
No mention was made of sales of Wal-Mart merchandise to other retailers. In fact, individual customer traffic was beginning to fall, and transactions in the hypermarkets Lin examined fell 3 percent from 2008 to 2010.
Inventory Issue
As employees threw their efforts into making margins and sales look healthy, storage rooms were filling up. In 2010, month-ending inventory at the stores Lin studied was 12.3 percent higher on average than in 2009, while sales rose 8.3 percent. Unsold merchandise piled up inside stores and in storage containers behind them, according to one former executive in Wal-Mart Asia, who asked for anonymity to discuss an internal matter. He said warehouses were added across the country in 2009 and 2010.
Wal-Mart’s goal for years has been to keep inventory expanding at or below the rate of sales growth. The company said in August that it was disappointed that internationally inventory growth was outpacing sales.
In a superstore in Shenzhen, stock has been building up over the past 20 months or so, said Zhang Liya, who has worked for Wal-Mart for nearly a decade. Zhang said the inflow of produce, meat and other food has overwhelmed workers because there has sometimes been no place to put it.
Packed Room
A back room at one South China store shown to Bloomberg News in September held boxes of goods piled to the ceilings, covering light switches and leaving only a foot-wide aisle for employees to move around in. A Wal-Mart store in Shenzhen provided an address for a warehouse one employee said was opened to handle added inventory five years ago. At the address, a security guard said Wal-Mart had two warehouses there.
When the findings of his Feb. 14, 2011, report were presented to his boss, Shawn Gray, then vice president of operations in China, Gray said the “best option was to keep things quiet,” according to Lin. After a discussion of the issues with Roland Lawrence, then chief financial officer of Wal-Mart China, Lin said he saw no action.
Phone calls and e-mails seeking comment from Gray and Lawrence weren’t returned.
Lin then turned to Clara Wong, who was chief of human resources in China and also dealt with ethics issues, he said. After that, an investigating team from Bentonville arrived in China, interviewed Lin off-site for a full day, and imaged his laptop to scan for communications from senior leadership about the accounting issues, he said.
Personal Reasons
Another Wal-Mart delegation, including Scott Price , the company’s Asia CEO, arrived at the Chinese headquarters in Shenzhen later and met with the top management there.
Wal-Mart said in May 2011 that Rob Cissell, its chief operating officer in China, and Lawrence had left the company to “seek new development opportunities.” The next month, Wal-Mart announced Gray, vice president of operations in China, left the company for “personal reasons.”
Cissell said he left Wal-Mart to take another job, and that his departure had nothing to do with any internal report or allegation. He is now chief executive officer at Big C Supercenter, a retailer based in Bangkok, Thailand .
Lawrence is now vice president of finance for Asia at Denmark-based Carlsberg Breweries A/S. Gray is chief operating officer at Reliance Retail , based in Mumbai , India .
Wal-Mart named Lin as a vice president of financial services in April 2012. He left in May 2013 for his job with Visa. Lin said he traveled to Bentonville at one point after the report and bumped into Price and McMillon, who, through a Wal-Mart spokeswoman, declined to comment on Lin’s account.
“Doug took me aside, shook my hand and said, ’thank you very much for what you did over there,’” Lin said of the encounter. “That was it. No further follow-ups. Nothing more was discussed. It was like it all never happened.”
(An earlier version of the story was corrected to fix the number of new China stores.)
To contact the reporters on this story: Renee Dudley in Boston at rdudley6@bloomberg.net ; Liza Lin in Shanghai at llin15@bloomberg.net
To contact the editors responsible for this story: Robin Ajello at rajello@bloomberg.net Gary Putka at gputka@bloomberg.net Kevin Orland, Andrew Pollack
Press spacebar to pause and continue. Press esc to stop.

Fiscal deficit: Amid low revenue  a tight fist to help meet targetFiscal deficit: Amid low revenue, a tight fist to help meet target
Ishan Bakshi | New Delhi Dec 12, 2014 12:44 AM IST
With the government’s revenue falling short of its Budget projections, there are concerns over meeting the target of limiting the fiscal deficit for 2014-15 at 4.1 per cent of gross domestic product (GDP). According to economists, a compression in both Plan and non-Plan expenditure could help meet the target.
In the Budget, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had projected Plan expenditure to grow 20.9 per cent over last year. However, data for the current financial year show Plan expenditure has fallen 0.4 per cent in the April-October period. Ten ministries, which together account for roughly two-thirds of the total Plan expenditure, had till October spent only 44 per cent of the budgeted amount. Expenditure by all ministries, except finance and power, in the current financial year has been lower than in the same period last year. The urban development ministry spent only 36 per cent of its total budget allocation, while the human resource development, drinking water & sanitation and water resources ministries have spent 42, 29 and 10 per cent of their respective Budget allocations.
Given that government rules stipulate “not more than one third of the budget estimate may be spent in the last quarter of a financial year”, Plan expenditure this year will fall short of the Budget amount, unless expenditure is significantly ramped up in the months of November and December. This will contain the fiscal deficit.
According to Icra senior economist Aditi Nayar, “while 21 per cent growth in capital expenditure was targeted in the Budget for 2014-15, 48 per cent of the Budget estimate had been released by October. Based on these trends, the government’s capital expenditure is likely to fall short of Budget estimates.” CARE Ratings Chief Economist Madan Sabnavis concurs, adding “some prioritising of expenditure will be done to decide where to cut expenditure, to meet the 4.1 per cent target”.
This reduction in Plan expenditure, coupled with the recent decision to cut non-Plan expenditure by 10 per cent (which Citi estimates at Rs 40,000 crore), will help compress the government’s expenditure.
Further, expenditure incurred on account of subsidy allocations is also likely to be lower than budgetary allocations. The finance minister had estimated major subsidies to be at Rs 2.51 lakh crore — food, fuel and fertiliser subsidies at Rs 1.15 lakh crore, Rs 63,427 crore, and Rs 72,970.30 crore, respectively. But expenditure on these major subsidies in the April-October period stood at 75 per cent of Budget estimates. This was 83 per cent in the corresponding period last year.
According to Nayar, “expenditure on account of subsidies is likely to be lower than the Budget estimate”. This is due to two reasons. First, the moderation in underrecoveries due to a sharp fall in crude oil prices over the past few months, coupled with deregulation of diesel prices, will reduce pressure on non-Plan revenue expenditure in the second half of the current financial year. Second, with the deadline for state governments to identify eligible households under the National Food Security Act extended, to April 2015, expenditure incurred on food subsidy is likely to be lower than the budgeted amount.
On revenue, the government is likely to miss its target, with tax collection growing at a much slower pace than what was assumed in the Budget. The government’s total receipts in the April-October period grew only 4.8 per cent over last year, compared with the Budget assumption of 18.6 per cent, as net tax revenue grew 3.5 per cent (against an assumption of 16.9 per cent). With economists expecting GDP growth to be sluggish in coming quarters, a sharp increase in tax collections — to meet the Budget projections — is unlikely. But Sabnavis points out that “government revenues could increase substantially due to its recent decision to increase the excise duty on petrol and diesel. Also, transfers from the Reserve Bank of India and some public-sector companies could help shore up finances”.
The last quarter of the current financial year will be crucial for government finances, with the spectrum and coal block auctions likely to take place, and with its disinvestment programme expected to pick up.

Lending Club banks 65% surge on debutLending Club banks 56% surge on debut
Tracy Alloway and Eric Platt in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0a25d3e8-8148-11e4-896c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

UN declares June 21 as  International Day of...You are here: Home > Collections > Yoga
UN declares June 21 as 'International Day of Yoga'
PTI Dec 11, 2014, 10.50PM IST
Tags:
Asoke Mukerji
(It is also for the first time…)
UNITED NATIONS: Less than three months after Prime Minister Narendra Modi proposed the idea, the UN General Assembly today adopted an India-led resolution declaring June 21 as 'International Day of Yoga', recognising that "Yoga provides a holistic approach to health and well-being."
The resolution on 'International Day of Yoga' was introduced by India's Ambassador to UN Asoke Mukerji today and had 175 nations joining as co-sponsors, the highest number ever for any General Assembly resolution.
It is also for the first time that such an initiative has been proposed and implemented by any country in the UN body in less than 90 days.
Through the resolution, adopted under the agenda of 'Global Health and Foreign Policy,' the 193-member General Assembly decided to proclaim June 21 every year as the 'International Day of Yoga'.
It recognised that Yoga "provides a holistic approach to health and well-being" and that wider the dissemination of information about benefits of practising Yoga would be beneficial for the health of the world population.
In introducing the resolution, Mukerji quoted Modi's UNGA address in which he had asked world leaders to adopt an international Yoga day, saying that by changing lifestyle and creating consciousness, it can help us deal with climate change.
"Yoga embodies unity of mind and body; thought and action; restraint and fulfilment; harmony between man and nature; a holistic approach to health and well being," Modi had said.
In suggesting June 21 as the International Day of Yoga, Modi had said that the date, one of the two solstices, is the longest day in the Northern Hemisphere and has special significance in many parts of the world.
Mukerji said the vision articulated by the Prime Minister was warmly welcomed initially by a small yet committed corpus of nations.
"The very fact that today in the UN General Assembly, this draft resolution has garnered a record number of 175 co-sponsors, including the vast majority of member states of all the regional and sub-regional groups of the General Assembly, as well as all the five permanent members of the UN Security Council, is a testimony to the enthusiastic cross cultural and universal appeal that Yoga enjoys amongst members of the United Nations," Mukerji said.
In his message on the passage of the resolution, UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon said in declaring June 21 the International Day of Yoga, the General Assembly has brought attention to the holistic benefits of the ancient practice on health and well-being in the modern world.
Ban said: "Yoga can contribute to resilience against non-communicable diseases and can bring communities together in an inclusive manner that generates respect. Yoga is a sport that can contribute to development and peace and can even help people in emergency situations to find relief from stress."
UNGA President Sam Kutesa congratulated Modi for the initiative, saying the adoption of the resolution with overwhelming support demonstrates how both the tangible and unseen benefits of Yoga appeal to people around the world.
  "Yoga brings thought and action together in harmony, while demonstrating a holistic approach to heath and well-being," he said.
The messages of support by Ban and Kutesa reflected the convergence of views of the leaders of two of the major organs of the UN system, the General Assembly and the Secretariat, said the Indian mission.
Besides proclaiming June 21 as the international Yoga day, the resolution invited all member and observer States, organisations of the UN system and other international and regional bodies to observe the day in order to raise awareness of the benefits of practising yoga.
Mukerji emphasised the significance of the resolution adopted in terms of its timing, coming soon after the presentation of the Synthesis Report of the UN Secretary General, on which the negotiations of the post-2015 Development Agenda will commence in the UN from January 2015.
Using the Sanskrit meaning of the word Yoga, Mukerji expressed hope that the impact of the resolution will "join" efforts in the area of global health with aspirations for a meaningful post-2015 Development Agenda.
He assured the General Assembly that the First International Day of Yoga would be a grand success next year.
The resolution was prepared by India and informal consultations were convened in October by the Indian mission in the UNGA where views on the topic were expressed by other delegations.
Yoga is the 5,000-year-old Indian physical, mental and spiritual practice that aim to transform body and mind.
Consensus on the text of the resolution was arrived at after just two rounds of informal consultations with all UN member states.
The initial official document circulated to the General Assembly, known as the L document, had 130 member states joining as co-sponsors, again the highest ever number of co-sponsors for such a document.

Burger King s Move To Canada Could Save It $275 Million In TaxesBurger King's Move To Canada Could Save It $275 Million In Taxes
Reuters
Updated:
11/12/2014 23:29 IST
Burger King's 'Angry Triple Whopper' with three beef patties, bacon, pepper jack cheese, Jalapeno peppers, 'Angry' onions, tomatoes, lettuce and 'Angry' sauce. (Photo credit should read PAUL J. RICHARDS/AFP/Getty Images) | PAUL J. RICHARDS via Getty Images
Comment
By Kevin Drawbaugh
WASHINGTON, Dec 11 (Reuters) - Fast food chain Burger King   will avoid hundreds of millions of dollars in U.S. taxes  if, as planned, it completes its pending buyout of Canadian  coffee-and-doughnuts chain Tim Hortons, a tax activist  group said on Thursday.
In one of the most notable of several corporate tax  "inversion" deals this year, Florida-based Burger King announced  in late August it would buy Tim Hortons and put the headquarters  of the combined company in Canada.
U.S. companies doing inversions - which involve buying a  foreign company and assuming its tax nationality to cut overall  tax costs - have been blasted as tax dodgers by Democrats and  liberal groups. President Barack Obama has criticized a "herd  mentality" by companies seeking deals to escape U.S. taxes.
In a report that Burger King described as "flawed,"  Americans for Tax Fairness, a group often critical of  corporations over taxes, said the fast-food chain's inversion  "creates substantial tax avoidance opportunities."
For instance, it said, by placing its headquarters in Canada  so it is no longer a U.S. company for tax purposes, Burger King  could avoid $117 million in U.S. taxes by never having to pay  corporate income tax on foreign profits it holds offshore.
The group said Burger King's future foreign profits would no  longer be subject to U.S. income taxes. That could save the  company about $275 million from 2015 to 2018, based on a range  of Wall Street earnings projections, it said.
Burger King said in a statement: "The analysis in the report  is materially flawed and the figures do not accurately represent  our facts and circumstances. As we've said all along, this  transaction is driven by growth, not tax rates. Going forward,  we do not expect our tax rate to change materially."
A company spokesman declined to respond point-by-point to  the report. The spokesman said the Burger King-Tim Hortons  transaction will be completed on Friday.
Tim Hortons said on Tuesday its shareholders approved the  deal, with the combined company to be called Restaurant Brands  International. The company did not immediately respond to a  request for comment on the report.
The report said Burger King is a top food supplier to the  U.S. armed forces and its "decision to become a Canadian company  will mean that while U.S. military families support Burger King  by buying its food, Burger King will no longer support service  members by paying its fair share of taxes."     (Additional reporting by Solarina Ho in Toronto; Editing by  Will Dunham and Cynthia Osterman)
More:

3 Ways to Protect Your Company from Fraud  Theft  and Embezzlementreddit
Private companies are prime targets for fraud. According to the Association of Fraud Examiners in 2010, 42 percent of fraud cases happened in privately held companies, with the majority being in companies with fewer than 100 employees.  What's more, the average fraud continued for a year and a half before it was even detected with the median loss in all these fraud cases a devastating $231,000 per case.
Here are the three most important financial control concepts to protect yourself and your company from fraud, theft, and embezzlement.
Financial Control Concept #1: Always have two unrelated parties involved in any money flow in or out of your business.
The idea behind this financial control concept is pairing two unrelated team members on a given financial job so they can be a check and balance for each other. This does two things. First, it reduces temptation for fraud as both parties know that the other will likely quickly see any bad behavior and report it immediately. Second, it makes it so two people would both have to collude and keep the secret before any serious theft could happen in those areas.
This means one person opens the mail, lists all checks received on a spreadsheet, and preps these checks for depositing, with a second, unrelated person who double-checks the math and reviews the deposit amounts before it goes to the bank.
This also means one person who sets up the ACH payments for the payables period, and another who goes in and approves the payments to go out.
Financial Control Concept #2: Create permanent "footprints" in your financial system that cannot be erased so that you always have a clear audit trail.
What this financial control concept does is make it much more difficult for a person to cover up theft, whether by making it clear who had which checks or invoices, or by keeping a permanent record of who altered what accounting records. By making these things obvious and traceable back to the offending party, you lower the temptation of bad behavior and increase the odds of it being spotted faster.
Footprints can also mean keeping checks under lock and key, with a check log clearly showing who is in control of and responsible for which check series.
This also includes numbering your invoices and keeping a separate invoice log of who has which invoice number series.
And make sure that your financial software is set up with individual log-ins for any team member who needs to access that information, and that the software permanently tracks any changes to the accounting and who made those changes. (This is an option you can turn on in most accounting programs like QuickBooks and Peachtree.)
Also, require your financial staff to have private, robust passwords that they change at least twice a year.
Financial Control Concept #3: Show vigilance and actively question things that strike you as strange or out of the ordinary.
As the business owner, it is your responsibility to actively and regularly review the financial records of your business. Sure, you will have financial staff who do the heavy lifting, but you still need to pay close attention too.
Spot-check reports and highlight any line item or general question you might have. Follow up with your staff to get answers. If the answers don't satisfy you, dig. Listen to that still, small voice inside that sounds the alarm.
At the very least you'll keep your financial team on its toes and at least thinking that you are watching closely. Most business owners know roughly what the numbers should look like, and what expenses and sales figures makes sense. If you see something that is out of the ordinary, question it.
By following these three simple financial control concepts you'll radically reduce the temptation, access, and ability for someone on your staff to do something harmful.
Follow David Finkel on Twitter: www.twitter.com/mauimasterminds
More:

The Thrill of the Oldreddit
Retail has rushed to embrace technology in recent years. Just as consumers have armed themselves with a dazzling array of devices (I sit now with a laptop perched on my knees, a smartphone in my pocket and a tablet in my bag), merchants have kitted out their stores and staff with tech. Done right, that's a good thing. Technology can augment and improve the shopping experience immeasurably.
But we should never forget the power of human connection in retail, the strength of a story well told and the lasting impression of great visual merchandising brought to life in good old-fashioned three dimensions.
All of that hit home to me when walking through New York one night earlier this week. What seemed most magnetic to the people in the streets and stores that I observed was not the touch-screen Amazon digital poster ("Tap Screen to Shop"), or the massive screens in H&M, but the physical magic of Rockefeller Center and the traditional imagery and retail techniques employed in the surrounding stores.
Standing majestically at the heart of Rockefeller Center is the Christmas tree. This year, it is an 85-foot (25 meter), 90-year-old spruce, harvested from the front yard of a century-old farmhouse three hours west of New York City (Great story).
Below the tree, skaters glide around the iconic ice rink; bit players in their own private New York movie scene.
Across the street is Saks Fifth Avenue, with its elegant holiday windows and a storefront bedecked with 71,000 lights.
Around the corner is lifestyle store Anthropologie, with some of the most beautiful, meticulously crafted displays you will see anywhere. This is retail art at its finest, with intricate scenes of birds perched on trees and New York buildings.
It's not all technology-free. One of the highlights is Saks' all-singing, all-dancing 3-D video projection show . But for the most part, the experience in and around Rockefeller Center is traditional and physical, not digital.
Perhaps this is the time of year when the classic captivates consumers, and we all buy into a vision of times past (Tiffany's Christmas campaign this year is very nostalgic). I do think though, it's also a reminder that the "thrill of the old" can match the pull of the new, and that a retail "experience" doesn't have to be technology-driven.
Happy Christmas.
Follow Jon Bird on Twitter: www.twitter.com/thetweetailer
More:

4 Ways Managers Can Spread Holiday Cheer Without Spending a Dimereddit
I've often heard that therapists get more calls in the month of December than the rest of year as the holidays can be a particularly stressful time of year. Not only is life on the home front chaotic, but work can also be stressful as employees try to close out the year with a bang.
Many companies are able to relieve some of the work-related stress by rewarding employees with holiday parties, raises or bonuses. For those companies that do not have the financial resources to do so or are looking for other ways to show employees that they are appreciated, here are some suggestions for managers and C-Suite leaders:
1) Walk around the office and say thank you to each and every employee. Telling employees that you value their contribution and are looking forward to a successful 2015 will go a long way in making employees feel appreciated. Being present helps managers keep tabs on the climate of the organization and when employees feel like they have access to the higher-ups they tend to be happier. If your company is too big to make the rounds, you can send a short, personalized email.
2) Go out of your way to say "Bravo, you did a good job" to an unsuspecting employee. Everyone appreciates a pat on the back sometimes and one of the best ways to boost morale -- and reduce stress -- is to let your employees know that they are doing a good job.
3) Make a point to let people know where they fit in within the organization and why their role is important. I heard a story about a woman who worked at an aerospace company and didn't realize until she heard her boss introducing her to someone else that the project she was working on was part of a larger effort to improve the safety lighting on the floor of an airplane. Once she understood the broader purpose and context of her job and that it was connected to an important mission, she was more engaged and happier at work.
4)  Be compassionate. Everyday employees come to work with something on their mind -- some worry, fear or personal issue they are dealing with. For some people work is a relief from their personal issues, but that work needs to be meaningful and employees need to be productive. Managers should keep that in mind and do their best to make employees feel valued and cared about.
Many people believe that money talks. While financial compensation makes people feel good for about a month or two, it does not really motivate people or increase satisfaction. What matters to most are the simple things -- saying thank you (maybe it's hand-written note or thoughtful email) or giving someone a few extra hours off of work at the end of a busy week.
Remember a happy worker works harder. Promoting emotional happiness in the workplace is a great way to spread cheer this holiday season and all throughout the year.
Dr. Bernice Ledbetter is Practitioner Faculty of Organizational Theory and Management at Pepperdine University Graziadio School of Business and Management . Her research and teaching interests focus on leadership and values, especially gender differences, as well as on moral developmental and non-western approaches to leadership. She is a Principal in Ledbetter Consulting Group and has worked extensively as a career management consultant and team performance coach for individuals and major organizations.
More:

ADM chooses Kentucky over Chicago for new tech centerADM chooses Kentucky for tech center
ADM
Rahm Emanuel
ADM chooses Kentucky over Illinois for tech center.
A year after Archer Daniels Midland lost a bid to keep $30 million that its employees would pay in taxes to Illinois, the agricultural giant said Thursday it will locate its coveted technology and support center in Kentucky.
ADM said it chose Erlanger, about 10 miles south of Cincinnati, after Kentucky offered $5.2 million in tax incentives and benefits. In return, ADM pledged to recruit in Kentucky to fill about 200 jobs.
4
Unable to secure the tax breaks from Illinois, ADM moved its corporate headquarters to downtown Chicago anyway, but kept open its options for the tech center. Mayor Rahm Emanuel had expressed interest in landing the center because it would enhance his vision of Chicago becoming a top location for business technology.
Emanuel's office didn't have an immediate comment Thursday.
The center will be housed on the same campus as Wild Flavors, a Swiss-German natural ingredients supplier ADM acquired this year for $3 billion.
"We will also be able to recruit from a strong local talent pool in northern Kentucky, and we will have quick and easy access to a major airport," Marty Schoenthaler, ADM's chief information officer, said in a statement.
Dave Roeder, a spokesman with the Illinois Department of Commerce and Economic Opportunity, said the state also offered tax incentives to ADM for the center but declined to say how much they were worth. He said the package was part of private negotiations.
Kentucky officials said they were thrilled with the company's decision.
Erlanger Mayor Tom Rouse said in a statement: "200 new high-paying jobs will help our community continue to grow and thrive,"
ADM said the center will open in the second half of 2015 with a mix of about 100 contractors and ADM employees.
Ray Young, ADM's chief financial officer, testified last year that the $30 million in tax incentives it sought over 20 years didn't appear to be much for a $90 billion corporation. ADM, he said, has been successful because it has been "minding its pennies and nickels and dimes over the years in order to make sure that we remain competitive."

JPMorgan s $22 Billion Shortfall Is Basically An IllusionJPMorgan's $22 Billion Shortfall Is Basically An Illusion
Posted:
Email
Comment
By the Fed’s count, JPMorgan Chase may need about $22 billion in extra capital to meet its tougher new standards for keeping banks safe. That sounds like a lot, but in the context of the bank's hugely profitable business, it’s not a high hurdle to overcome.
A cursory look at how bank capital levels are calculated, and JPMorgan’s multibillion-dollar quarterly earnings, drains quite a bit of drama from the story.
The Fed on Tuesday announced new capital rules for U.S. banks, due to take effect in 2019, that are meant to be slightly stricter than international rules, known as Basel III. Capital is one way banks can fund their business. Debt is the other. Capital can be raised by selling stock or by keeping money the bank has earned. That money never has to be repaid to shareholders, unlike debt which must eventually be paid back to lenders. More capital and less debt makes banks less vulnerable to declines in the value of their assets.
JPMorgan's estimated $22 billion capital hole, according to the new Fed standards, is based on what are known as "risk weighted assets." Some assets (think U.S. Treasury debt) are less risky than others (think subprime mortgage bonds). Banks need to have more or less capital to account for that risk.
Change how you define "risk," or change how much capital you think a bank needs to have for each asset, and suddenly that $22 billion capital hole changes -- maybe dramatically. The bank could also change that capital hole by changing the mix of assets it holds, or shrinking its operations, or pulling back on business in certain countries.
"It's a whole question of measures," Stanford finance and economics professor Anat Admati, who has long advocated much higher capital levels at banks, told The Huffington Post. "There are so many knobs you can turn" to meet new capital requirements.
There is also a far simpler way JPMorgan, which earned $5.6 billion in its latest quarter, could make up a capital shortfall: keep more of its earnings. It would take just a year of such quarterly profits to raise $22 billion in capital, assuming JPMorgan retained all its earnings.
Of course, the bank doesn’t do that. In its latest quarter, JPMorgan paid $3 billion of its earnings to shareholders. Still, that left $2.6 billion to be retained and added to the bank’s capital.
That means JPMorgan could keep on its current earnings trajectory, leave its dividend and buyback plans alone, and still make up its capital shortfall in just two and a half years (ten quarters), without ever raising additional equity from the stock market.
As Admati said, “what does $22 billion really mean? That’s not a lot of money for them.”
The bank’s chief financial officer said as much on Wednesday, saying the new capital requirements would mean only "surgical" changes at the bank.
A JPMorgan spokesman declined any additional comment.
$22 billion is a headline grabbing number, but it’s an easily surmountable one. “I hate it when they talk about shortfalls,” Admati said, “because there are presumptions made.” Change those presumptions, and the number changes. Put the number in context, and it looks a lot smaller.
More:

Rocky road ahead for PSB stake saleRocky road ahead for PSB stake sale
Holiday Shopping Boosts US Retail SalesWelcome to 2015. What just happened? Where did 2014 go? Television personalities Ryan Seacrest and Jenny McCarthy...
John Locher/AP Photo

Mexico opens bidding for oil exploration...and
versions
MEXICO CITY (AP) — The government announced on Thursday the start of bidding for oil exploration rights in 14 areas of the Gulf of Mexico being opened to domestic and international companies as Mexico ends a seven-decade state monopoly on the petroleum business.
Bidding will continue until July 15. Companies wishing to bid must meet a set of requirements, including showing their participation in at least three exploration projects and oil extraction of at least $1 billion and capital on hand of at least the same amount.
Mexico nationalized its oil industry in 1938. Prior to this year's reforms, the state company Petroleos Mexicanos was the only one allowed to do oil exploration and production.
The parcels up for bid are in shallow water, less than 500 meters (1,640 feet), off the coasts of Veracruz, Tabasco and Campeche states.
Later Thursday, Juan Carlos Zepeda, president of the National Hydrocarbons Commission, said experts believe the parcels contain a total of 687 million barrels of oil and forecast production of 80,000 to 100,000 barrels daily.
The areas will be explored through shared production contracts running for 25 years, in which exploration can occur for a maximum of five years and the remainder is dedicated to production.
Businesses may bid independently or as part of a consortium, but no company can try for more than five blocks. Interested companies will have access for six months to detailed data about each of the parcels through a website if they pay $363,000.
"Mexico is betting a lot on this audacious opening," said Energy Secretary Pedro Joaquin Coldwell. "For that reason the Mexican government's commitment to transparency is crucial."
Undersecretary of Energy Lourdes Melgar said every contract will include a clause stating that any corrupt practices will lead to cancellation of the deal.
Corruption has cast a long shadow in Mexico since local police in a southern city, allegedly on orders of the mayor, intercepted 43 students from a rural teachers college and turned them over to gang members in late September. The remains of only one have been confirmed, but the government says testimony from people detained in the case indicate they were all slain and their bodies incinerated.
Additionally, cries of a conflict of interest have been aimed at President Enrique Pena Nieto since it was revealed that his wife had bought a mansion from a businessman who had received public contracts. An entity of the same company was also awarded a contract to build a high-speed train, which was subsequently cancelled after the outcry and put out again for bid.
Energy officials said all of the oil contracts will be public to avoid corruption.
Mexico's oil and gas production reached a maximum of 3.4 million barrels a day in 2004. Since then, it has fallen to 2.4 million barrels. The government hopes the opening of the industry will entice foreign firms with access to greater exploration technology and help boost daily production to 3 million barrels by 2018 and 3.5 million by 2025.
Analysts have estimated that investment in the sector could reach $15 billion a year.

Trademark Office Rejects  Comfyballs  Underwear Because  Well  You KnowEmail
Comment
A Norwegian apparel company has little left to say besides "balls!" after its trademark application for men's underwear was denied by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. The reason: vulgarity.
Tonic Brands A.S. in October was denied a federal trademark registration for the word "Comfyballs," The Telegraph reported this week.
The PTO refused to register the trademark because the word "balls," when used to mean "testicles," is considered vulgar by a substantial number of Americans.
"In the context of the applicant's goods, the mark, "COMPFYBALLS," [sic] means only one thing -- that a man's testicles, or 'balls,' will be comfortable in the applicant's undergarments," the PTO's denial reads. "The mark does not create a double entendre or other idiomatic expression. It is a straightforward use of the word 'balls' instead of testicles."
The underwear has a specially designed pouch to cradle the male genitals -- hence the name . See the briefs in question:
Tonic Brands made several counter-arguments during the application process. It pointed out that dictionaries don't say that "balls" in the context of testicles is always vulgar, nor is the term necessarily considered offensive when used in related phrases like "have by the balls." It also argued that Ben & Jerry's Schweddy Balls ice cream flavor , which was pulled from shelves after parents' complaints, was not a relevant comparison to its Comfyballs product and shouldn't be proof of the inherent vulgarity of "balls."
But the PTO stood by its guns, citing four dictionaries' definitions and explaining that the trademark rules don't require universal agreement on vulgarity. It also granted that "balls" can be "used as part of an idiomatic expression in which the word connotes confidence or self-assuredness," but said that Tonic Brands hadn't argued any such meaning here.
To be clear, the PTO's decision does not bar the company from selling its underwear in America under the name "Comfyballs." But it does mean the trademark would have weaker legal protection than trademarks that are federally registered.
Tonic Brands said it plans to appeal the decision, before possibly altering the briefs' name to something like "Comfypals."
"Eventually, balls may be 'allowed,'" Anders Selvig, the founder of the underwear brand, wrote The Huffington Post in an email.
More:

Price-comparison  coupons portals gain from Google s festPrice-comparison  coupons portals gain from Google s fest
Sony says sorry to US President Barack Obama  amid leaked emails stormSony says sorry to US President Barack Obama  amid leaked emails storm
Indian soldiers who fought WW-I were hired assassins: Katju inblogWritten by Man Aman Singh Chhina |
Posted: December 12, 2014 3:01 am
Former Press Council of India chairman Justice (retd.) Markandey Katju has once again courted controversy by describing Indian soldiers who fought the First World War under the British flag as “hired assassins” in his blog.
Questioning the need for honouring those soldiers on the 100th anniversary of the WW-I, Justice Katju in his blog post on December 9 argued that “the Indian troops fought as hired assassins” to kill Germans for Anglo-French interests and not Indian interests.
The former Supreme Court judge then went on to give an insight into the WW-I and the reason why the triple alliance of England, France and Russia fought against Germany and Austria.
While giving this background, Justice Katju argued that the First World War had nothing to do with the Indian and that it was fought for redistribution of colonies.
He said the Indian soldiers who fought in that war “were really mercenaries and hirelings of the British and French”. “They may have been brave, but many hired assassins are also brave. Why then should we honour them,” he questioned.
Not surprisingly his comments have riled many in the Indian defence community, including Congress leader Captain Amarinder Singh of the erstwhile royal state of Patiala. Patiala state had sent one of the largest contingents of soldiers to the British effort in the war.
Attacking Justice Katju, Capt Amarinder said he should not make comments on issues about which he has no knowledge. “What he has written in his blog is an insult to the Indian Army and its regiments,” he said.
As many as 62,000 Indian soldiers are officially listed as having died in the four-year long war.

Sohrabuddin case: Accused IPS officer PandianreinstatedBy: Express News Service |
Posted: December 12, 2014 2:56 am
The Gujarat government has reinstated IPS officer Rajkumar Pandian, who was released on bail in March after spending seven years in jail for his alleged involvement in the Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter case.
He has been posted as a liaison officer at the Gujarat Industrial Development Corporation in Mumbai.
Besides Pandian, police inspector B R Chaube, another accused in the case, has also been reinstated but his posting is yet to be decided. Both Pandian and Chaube were among the first accused policemen who were granted relief in the case, but they have been confined to Mumbai as a condition set in their bail by the Supreme Court.
All the policemen, except six constables, accused in the case have been released on bail. Before Pandian, other co-accused IPS officers Abhay Chudasma, Vipul Agrawal and Rajasthan cadre IPS officer Dinesh M N have been taken back into the police service after they were granted bail.  The then ATS chief D G Vanzara has also been given bail in the case, however, he remains in jail in connection with the Ishrat Jahan encounter case.
Another accused in the case BJP president Amit Shah, then junior home minister in the Gujarat government, has filed a discharge plea before the CBI court in Mumbai.
“Pandian has been reinstated and posted in GIDC, Mumbai,” said GR Aloria, officiating additional chief secretary, home department.
Pandian is also a key accused in the 2007 encounter of Tulsiram Prajapati, the sole eyewitness to Sohrabuddin’s killing. Now, both the cases have been clubbed by the order of the apex court. Inspector Ashish Pandya, a co-accused in the Tulsiram case, is also out on bail, but he is yet to be reinstated.
According to the CBI chargesheet, Pandian was part of the team of Gujarat ATS, led by ex-IPS officer Vanzara, that allegedly picked up Sohrabuddin and his wife Kauser Bi from Hyderabad and killed them in a staged encounter near Ahmedabad’s Vishala circle in November 2005.
Sohrabuddin was branded by the police as a Lashkar-e-Toiba operative, who was planning to kill key political leaders, including the then chief minister Narendra Modi.
According to the CBI, Pandian played a role in every stage of the conspiracy – right from bringing Sohrabuddin from Hyderabad to Ahmedabad till his killing in the stage managed encounter and destroying evidence.

Kanpur madrasa cancels JoshiprogrammeBy: Express News Service | Lucknow |
Posted: December 12, 2014 2:55 am
Wilting under pressure from Muslim clerics and community people, a madrasa in Kanpur on Thursday dropped its plan to invite BJP MP Murli Manohar Joshi for inaugurating its upgraded building.
Pesh-Imam of Nanpara masjid Mohammad Meraj, who is also the principal of Al Jamiat-Ul-Nooria madrasa, said the madrasa management committee held a meeting on Thursday and it was decided to cancel the inauguration event under pressure from community members who were against calling the BJP MP, who played a key role in the Ram Janmabhoomi movement.
He said he has informed Shaher Qazi Mohammad Alam Raza and BJP district president Surendra Maithani about the decision of the committee.

AmEx CEO: Room for multiple players in payment spaceamex ceo: room for multiple players in payment space
LendingClub shares up 56 percent in debut... 
December 11, 2014 04:40 PM EST | Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) — Shares of online lender LendingClub soared 56 percent in their stock market debut Thursday.
San Francisco-based LendingClub makes personal and small business loans by connecting borrowers with investors.
Its shares rose $8.43 to close at $23.43 Thursday after trading as high as $25.44 earlier.
LendingClub Corp. raised $870 million by offering 58 million shares at $15 per share. Its stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol "LC."
The company's business aims to make it easier and faster to apply for a loan than going to a bank. Borrowers are often approved within a couple of days. LendingClub says it has originated $6 billion in loans since its launch in 2007.
Rival online lender On Deck Capital Inc., which makes loans to small businesses, filed for an IPO last month. It expects to raise as much as $180 million.

CBS extends CEO Moonves  contract another 2 years... 
December 11, 2014 04:37 PM EST | Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) — CBS is extending the contract of President and CEO Leslie Moonves for another two years, through June 2019.
The media company said Thursday that Moonves' annual salary will remain at its current level, and he will be eligible for annual performance bonuses and stock-based compensation.
Moonves was paid a salary of $3.5 million in 2013, according to a corporate filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
But a bonus and stock awards pushed the value of Moonves' total compensation to $65.6 million that year, according to calculations by The Associated Press and Equilar. That made him the second-highest-paid CEO of 2013.
The new deal still calls for him to be an adviser to CBS for five years when his contract expires, and he will have an option to start a production company under the CBS banner.
Moonves, 65, became president and CEO of CBS Television in 1998. He has been president and CEO of CBS Corp. since the company was split off from Viacom Inc. in 2006.
Shares of New York-based CBS reached an all-time high of $68.10 in March, but they are down 18 percent in 2014. The stock rose 90 cents to $52.49 Thursday.

Avian flu spreading in southwest British Columbia... 
December 11, 2014 04:35 PM EST | Associated Press
VANCOUVER, British Columbia (AP) — The avian influenza outbreak in southwest British Columbia has spread to seven farms, and 155,000 birds have died of the virus or will be euthanized, the Canadian Food Inspection Agency said.
The outbreak began last week when turkeys and chickens at two farms in the Fraser Valley east of Vancouver tested positive for the H5N2 strain of the disease. Its origin is unknown, and more farms could be affected, officials said.
"The identification of additional farms is not unexpected, given that avian influenza is highly contagious," Harpreet Kochhar, Canada's chief veterinary officer, said Wednesday in a conference call with reporters.
Avian influenza poses little danger to people as long as poultry meat is handled and cooked properly. But the outbreak is a blow to the local poultry industry.
Eight countries have banned or placed restrictions on British Columbia poultry and poultry products. They include the United States, Mexico, South Africa, Japan, Taiwan, Hong Kong, Singapore and South Korea. Japan's restrictions apply to all poultry from Canada.
The affected farms are in a cluster near Abbotsford and Chilliwack. In each case, officials immediately placed the farms under quarantine and made plans to euthanize any birds not already been killed by the virus.
Officials are looking into the possibility that migrating wild birds introduced the virus to the region.
Consumers are unlikely to notice the outbreak at the grocery store.
About 25,000 turkeys meant for the provincial Christmas market have been lost, but that's a relatively small portion of the 7.3 million pounds of turkey typically produced for the holiday season, according to the B.C. Turkey Farmers, a marketing group.
Likewise, the number of chickens destroyed due to the outbreak pales in comparison with the 353 million pounds of chicken produced each year in the province.
Previous avian influenza outbreaks in British Columbia and elsewhere in Canada have led to the deaths of tens of thousands of birds. The most serious was a 2004 outbreak in the Fraser Valley that prompted federal officials to order the slaughter of about 17 million birds.

Cuomo: Buffalo snowstorm cost more than $46M... 
December 11, 2014 04:29 PM EST | Associated Press
BUFFALO, N.Y. (AP) — New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo says the blockbuster storm that smacked Buffalo last month cost more than $46 million, surpassing the threshold for federal emergency aid.
State and local government officials had worried the storm that dumped more than 7 feet of snow in some areas wouldn't meet the $27.3 million Federal Emergency Management Agency threshold for reimbursement.
Cuomo said Thursday that state and local governments had more than $46.6 million in response costs and verified infrastructure damage from Nov. 18 through Nov. 26.
The governor requested that a major disaster declaration be issued for Cattaraugus, Chautauqua, Erie, Genesee, Jefferson, Lewis, Orleans, St. Lawrence and Wyoming counties.
More than 370 structures sustained roof damage from the snow and 38 structures were destroyed. The storm is blamed for 14 deaths.

An early stock market rally fizzles as oil sinks... 
December 11, 2014 04:16 PM EST | Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) — A rally on the stock market fizzled toward the end of trading as the price of oil sank.
Indexes spent most of the day higher on Thursday, but faded in the last two hours as oil turned lower again.
Lower energy prices are a boon to consumers, but they also hurt companies that drill for oil.
Retail stocks rose after the U.S. government reported a pickup in sales last month. Home Depot rose 1.3 percent.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 63 points, or 0.4 percent, to 17,596. It was up 225 earlier.
The Standard & Poor's 500 rose nine points, or 0.5 percent, to 2,035. The Nasdaq rose 24 points, or 0.5 percent, to 4,708.
Oil fell 99 cents to $59.95 a barrel in New York.

U.S. Oil Prices Drop Below $60U.S. Oil Prices Drop Below $60
SingleHop cloud-storage center reveals focus on security - and air conditioning1
“Those are distributed denial-of-service attacks,” Jacobs explained, referring to the practice of hackers using multiple servers to try to shut down web traffic to a specific site.
The SingleHop employees staffing the center seemed to have it all under control, despite the steady stream of attacks the screen was showing. Jacobs said they mostly were there to monitor the servers in the room down the hall, detecting any problems in real time and dealing with them immediately.
Prior to the Franklin Park center, SingleHop’s Chicago facilities were spread over two locations, one downtown and the other in the suburbs, he said.
“This is a big deal for us,” he said. “It lets us concentrate our staff in one place.”
The company also has server storage facilities in Arizona and the Netherlands, he said.
Although the company is headquartered in the Loop, Ushman said he enjoys visiting the storage center.
“I love coming in here,” he said, as Jacobs leaned into the iris-scanning security device that allowed the tour to proceed into the heart of the facility. “This is the back of the Internet that nobody knows anything about.”
Anyone who has ever felt the heat of a laptop after even a short period of use should understand the need for air conditioning in a room that can house up to 20,000 servers, each of them containing four hard drives. This explains the six massive air-handling units outside the rack room, each of them connected to two fully independent power sources, as well as a back-up generator.
The need for cool air is so pervasive that the floor of the facility is one giant, cold-air pressurized duct, Jacobs explained. Each row of server racks rises above a perforated floor, blowing a steady stream of cool air to keep them from overheating.
An array of appliance-sized battery units in another room is even more impressive when one realizes they exist merely to keep power running for several seconds, or perhaps as long as a few minutes, between a power failure and the moment back-up generators kick in.
Above each row of servers are two large power strips, one painted black and the other white. Both are completely independent sources of electricity, one tied to the Maywood electric grid, the other tied to Franklin Park’s.
Jacobs explained that access to the cage that surrounds the servers is heavily restricted, and that special permission was granted for Monday’s tour.
“Please walk very carefully,” he said, pointing to the blinking servers. “These are people’s businesses; people’s livelihood.”

Benign economic environment could see some volatility in mid-2015: Leo PuriBenign economy may lead to some volatility in mid-2015: Leo Puri
Puneet Wadhwa | New Delhi Dec 11, 2014 10:48 PM IST
Calendar 2014 has been one of the best years for the Indian equity market, which has gained not only on foreign flows but on hope that the new government at the Centre will resolve ‘policy paralysis’, which in turn will help revive the economy. UTI Asset Management Company Managing Director Leo Puri tells Puneet Wadhwa we are still getting the benefit of the doubt, as the government is still young. This phase can go on till February or March. At a global level, the risk of the benign economic environment, which India has benefited from, seeing some volatility in mid-2015 remains reasonably high, he says. Edited excerpts:
How long do you see liquidity injection supporting markets, and are the markets factoring in a rate hike by the US Federal Reserve in 2015?
Currently, we have only one engine supporting the global economy: The US. Europe, Japan and even China have all been hit by problems; their respective economies have been slowing . The revival one had hoped for in Europe has clearly been postponed. Japan is still in uncertainty. There is always a big risk when you have only one engine of growth powering the system.
The risk of the benign economic environment we have benefited from seeing some volatility in mid-2015, when some reversal of liquidity is likely, remains reasonably high. I don’t think the US will raise rates in a way overly disruptive but the rest of the world could still be at a relatively weak position at that point.
We have seen in the past that the US ultimately acts in a manner that suits its own policies at a given point in time. I am not clear how much attention they will pay to the woes of the rest of the world. So, we have to pretty much look after ourselves. I am glad the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has adopted exactly that view and not grown complacent only because we have a benign environment today. If it were to turn stormy, be assured we will have nowhere to turn to. No one will run policies to favour us. Thus, we must ensure our economic fundamentals remain robust. RBI is trying its best to ensure this.
Do you think slowing growth in China, the euro zone and Japan can disrupt the rally in global equities? What is the probability you attach to this over the next six to 12 months?
There is a realistic probability that one will see volatility in early or mid-2015 and that is a function of the risks mentioned. This is compounded by commodity price fluctuation, which seems good for India in the first instance, as the movements are sharp, while they also add to the geopolitical risk in the system. We have to be a little careful that we don’t get too complacent on that front, either.
What is less evident at this point is the extent to which it will affect India. Whether it can derail us from the very sweet spot we are in, supported by a benign macroeconomic environment, is uncertain. If we get our investment cycle moving and demonstrate the capacity to absorb investment and provide a good return, we have a chance to be a relative safe harbour if that disruption happens. So, the urgency of getting our house in order is greater. It will not take a lot for the rupee to, otherwise, again come under pressure.
We are seeing that the South African rand and the Turkish lira are under pressure — and both these countries are oil-consuming ones. It is not only the producing nations like Russia whose currencies have been beaten down. This contagion could be vicious if we are not able to continuously differentiate ourselves.
Today, we are still being given the benefit of the doubt, as the government is still young. This phase can go on till February or March. I am not sure if we can ride it indefinitely.
Do you think the Indian market can replicate in the next calendar year the gains it saw in 2014?
It is a function of how key macro variables play out. I think the underlying growth potential of the economy is seven-eight per cent if we play all our cards right. If that happens, we still have room for earnings expansion, supported by an investment cycle kicking in.
But today, you have only single-digit credit growth and expectations that have moved ahead of an upturn in the economy. If there indeed is evidence of a pick-up in investment by March-April, the rest of the year will be positive. However, it will not be smooth sailing. There will be either an acceleration on the basis that we have been able to differentiate ourselves successfully or the risk of not meeting expectations. So, we will see binary outcomes. At this time, the betting is still on possibly gaining momentum. But there are definitely risks to the downside which will be evident around March if we don’t make reasonable progress.
What are the evident risks?
At this point, there are three types of indicators. In terms of financial indicators, clearly the beginning of the investment cycle is key and that has to be in evidence in terms of capital raising, etc.
The second indicator which is linked to this is the ability to resolve the problem of stranded capital in the system. That is, the stranded/stalled projects. This will, in turn, reflect on banks’ balance sheets and the need for recapitalisation. We haven’t heard much on bank recapitalisation recently. That could be because of a fall in credit growth. We hope the credit growth will rise and that is how we will support the investment cycle. Banks need to recapitalise in time to support this. The willingness to undertake overdue reforms are the third indicator – whether it is the GST (goods and services tax) or resolution of battles in coal and spectrum allocations, which will provide evidence whether we are committed to good and predictable governance. I am optimistic we will see evidence of this but, if we don’t, there are risks to the downside.
Are you looking to participate in the government’s disinvestment programme? What is the war chest that UTI MF has built for this? Are you targeting any specific issues/companies?
We don’t participate in programmes but are interested in stocks and companies on offer. In case there are issuances that we find interesting and feel those could generate good returns for investors, we will buy those. We don’t have specific plans for participating or not participating. It entirely depends on the companies available and the growth prospects of those companies.
We do have a broad list of companies, including ONGC and Coal India, where the government plans to sell stake? Does anything interest you?
We will evaluate those. We do hold some of those companies already. It is a function of where the portfolio balance is for a specific fund and the fund managers’ view on whether or not to alter the weight. But at this point, one has to be cautious in general on some of the names in the broad list.
The finance minister has promised a big-bang Budget in 2015. What are your overall expectations and those from the mutual fund industry standpoint?
There is always a debate as to how much one relies on the Budget to indicate reforms. But the fact is that it is now becoming an annual ritual in India where we expect to see some linkage between government reforms and the Budget. There are market expectations and the FM will have to respond to those. In the interim Budget, there were placeholders put down.
Completion of the commitment to rolling out GST is clearly something I would highlight as very critical for the credibility of the government. Announcements around liberalisation of FDI (foreign direct investment) need not be linked to the Budget. To the extent that this process is also taken to a logical conclusion, it will be a positive. I do not expect anything significant in terms of taxation. But given that the fiscal deficit continues to need attention, there could be some renewed focus on disinvestment.
Disinvestment, according to me, is less about selling shares; what I would really like to see is a strategic statement on when and how the government is going to detach itself from being engaged in a number of sectors where there is no purpose being served by government ownership. And I think that will be a genuine reform and not just a capital-raising exercise. This is something being hinted at and they have had some time to frame policies.
Whenever the government undertakes this exercise, there can be some controversy around it. But the whole purpose of having a strong government is that it can take strong measures. I would certainly like to see how we move on that front.
Don’t you think it’s about time we addressed concerns in the banking sector, since it is a proxy to the economy?
There have been a number of recommendations for the banking sector and how critical it is to redefine governance norms. I would be delighted if there were positive moves to actually reform governance in the banking sector and review the ownership structure.
Redemption of units from equity mutual fund schemes saw a sharp rise in November. Is this an aberration or are investors losing faith in the rally?
It is quite natural that some investors will cash out when there is a sharp rally. Whether it means losing faith or locking in gains is difficult to say. If the exit happens because the investor is mis-sold or misguided, that is a bad thing. Buying and holding forever is not the purpose of investing in a mutual fund. I agree we don’t want to churn people through mutual funds but it is actually a legitimate use of an instrument like a mutual fund to take a view on the markets, achieve a goal and exit.
What is the road ahead for the debt segment?
The current consensus is clear, that we do expect a review on rates in early or mid-2015, and that is already being priced in. A number of investors have started taking a view on duration bond funds to position themselves. I think that is a good move. RBI has been right to actually take a strong line on holding rates because toning down inflationary expectations is hugely important in providing a stable foundation for future growth.
If some of the risks materialise at the global level, the rate reduction may get postponed and the currency will be under pressure. But for now, I would say the most likely outcome is easing rates perhaps around March, so investors will benefit from having positioned themselves in a duration bond fund.
How has calendar 2014 panned out for UTI Mutual Fund and what is the strategy for 2015? Is UTI looking for acquisitions?
We have seen a good 2014 in terms of putting our strategy and direction in place and then beginning to execute against that backdrop. It has been helped by the very buoyant capital market and the strong political context in which we are. So overall, both in terms of our efforts at internal transformation and market support, it has been a very good year.
Our primary goal is to be a preeminent, independent asset manager. In that context, most of growth is likely to be organic because we do see the industry’s underlying growth going ahead to be 15-20% (though it could be in a higher range in some years and a lower range in some others). Given the industry structure, I would not be surprised if opportunities are available for acquisition, and we certainly would be very interested in pursuing those that make sense for us.
There were some talks about an initial public offering (IPO) demand from UTI MF. Can you update us on the latest development on that front?
There has been some discussion on that in the public domain. From our perspective, we think it will be very beneficial for the institution, because a listing will ensure we get strong corporate governance, and a strong board; these will help us. It would also give us currency, in case we needed capital for acquisition, besides strengthening our profile in general, with our investors as well as stakeholders. So, it has plenty of benefits for us. And, importantly, it will offer an exit to the shareholders who have supported us over the years; they will benefit from the price discovery the listing offers. The markets are good and we think an offering will be received well.

PepsiCo cutting at least 100 Chicago jobsPepsiCo cutting jobs in Chicago
Pepsi job cuts
Daniel Acker
PepsiCo, based in Purchase, N.Y., declined to confirm how many jobs were cut and called the number of Chicago-based employees "minimal."
PepsiCo, based in Purchase, N.Y., declined to confirm how many jobs were cut and called the number of Chicago-based employees "minimal." (Daniel Acker)
Mondelez International
PepsiCo nutrition division slimming down under new leader, cutting at least 100 jobs.
PepsiCo has started cutting jobs in Chicago, the latest step in a long-running effort to trim costs as demand softens for some of its soft drinks and snacks.
The eliminated positions come from a variety of levels and appear to account for a sizable portion of PepsiCo's Chicago office, the site of the company's North America Nutrition division that oversees brands such as Gatorade, Quaker and Tropicana.
Affected employees were contacted Wednesday, according to people familiar with the situation.
PepsiCo, based in Purchase, N.Y., declined to confirm how many jobs were cut and called the number of Chicago-based employees "minimal."
PepsiCo has been called out by activist investor Nelson Peltz, whose Trian Fund Management disclosed a stake in the No. 2 soft-drink maker in April 2013. Trian pushed PepsiCo to consider focusing its operations either by buying snack-maker Mondelez International or splitting its own snack and beverage businesses into two public companies.
Instead, PepsiCo's board, led by Chairman and CEO Indra Nooyi, in February announced that it was keeping beverages and food together as one company after an "exhaustive review."
cComments
These types of blanket reductions are a sign of poor management. If the work these people are doing is not enough to keep them busy or could be done better in another way, then those changes should always be happening in the workplace. If you can function fine with 5 accountants instead of 6,...
Rico Muscatel
2
PepsiCo also added five years to its ongoing productivity plan, taking the three-year plan set to end in 2014 through 2019. The company has said that its plan to cut $8 billion in costs over eight years includes simplifying its organization.
In a March letter to PepsiCo's board, Trian's suggestions included PepsiCo close facilities in Chicago and Purchase to reduce corporate costs.
"We are committed to handling affected individuals with care and offering transition assistance to all impacted employees," the company said Thursday, adding that it "remains committed to having a strong presence in Chicago."
"We are transforming how we operate through a more integrated structure across the PepsiCo businesses based in Chicago, which will fuel our success moving forward," the company said.
The job cuts are the latest shake up for PepsiCo's Chicago office, 555 W. Monroe St.
In September, PepsiCo named Oswald Barckhahn president of PepsiCo North America Nutrition, a promotion after his time as senior vice president of Tropicana North America. Barckhahn replaced Debra Crew, who left PepsiCo and in October became president and chief commercial officer of tobacco company R.J. Reynolds.
PepsiCo, the maker of Pepsi soft drinks, Frito-Lay chips and Tropicana juices, has also dealt with high-profile executive departures this year.
Brian Cornell in summer left his post as CEO of PepsiCo Americas Foods to become chairman and CEO of Target. And in November, PepsiCo said president Zein Abdalla was leaving at the end of the year.
Barckhahn now oversees PepsiCo's nutrition businesses in the United States and Canada, which along with Tropicana includes Quaker, Gatorade and Naked Emerging Brands. Barckhahn has been with PepsiCo for more than a decade, but has spent most of that time outside of Chicago.
PepsiCo has been investing in and expanding its lineup of nutritious products under Nooyi, CEO since 2006. Such products accounted for about 20 percent of the company's total revenue last year.
Still, while trying to grow its businesses, PepsiCo also has been cutting costs.
In 2012, PepsiCo announced plans to cut up to 8,700 jobs, or 3 percent of its global workforce, over three years. That included plans to cut about 150 Chicago-based employees. It is unclear how many jobs were cut as part of that plan.
As of December 2013, PepsiCo employed about 274,000 people, including about 106,000 in the United States. The number of U.S. employees at the end of 2013 was in line with a year earlier.
PepsiCo acquired Chicago-based Quaker Oats in 2001, a move that added Gatorade and Quaker brands to its lineup. Quaker moved its headquarters from 321 N. Clark St. to a new building at 555 W. Monroe St. in 2002, a move that was planned before PepsiCo bought Quaker. Chicago persuaded Quaker to keep its headquarters in the city with nearly $10 million in city assistance in 2000.
PepsiCo bought Naked Juice, a maker of high-end juices, in 2007.
In October, Barckhahn internally announced his leadership team, which largely works with him out of the Chicago office.
"Quaker, Tropicana, Gatorade and Naked Emerging Brands are terrific businesses in their own right, but reaching their full potential requires us to recognize that the whole is greater than the sum of its parts," Barckhahn wrote in October, according to a copy of a memo obtained by the Tribune. "These businesses are truly better together, and we must manage them as such."

Chicago-area motorcycle dealer sentenced in financing schemeChicago-area motorcycle dealer sentenced in financing scheme
Motorcycle
A Chicago-area motorcycle dealer and his accountant were sentenced to prison for a financing fraud that caused 18 lenders including Fifth Third Bancorp to lose more than $58.8 million.
A Chicago-area motorcycle dealer and his accountant were sentenced to prison for a financing fraud that caused 18 lenders including Fifth Third Bancorp to lose more than $58.8 million.
By Joel Rosenblatt, Bloomberg News Bloomberg
A Chicago-area motorcycle dealer and his accountant were sentenced to prison for a financing fraud that caused 18 lenders including Fifth Third Bancorp to lose more than $58.8 million.
Russell Ott, 51, of Oswego, Illinois, the owner of Morris, Illinois-based Pro Source Motorsports, was sentenced to 13 1/2 years, and his accountant, Brian McMahon, 55, of Naperville, Illinois, was sentenced to 2 1/2 years, Zachary T. Fardon, U.S. attorney for in Chicago, announced in an emailed statement.

Sensa customers to get refunds totaling $26 million0
The agency settled with California-based Sensa Products, its parent company and two individuals whom the agency claims "deceptively advertised" that the $59 powder enhances the smell and taste of food to make users feel full faster, eat less and lose weight without changing diet or exercise.
The FTC also charged that the defendants failed to disclose the fact that some consumers were compensated for their endorsements of Sensa. In some instances, compensation included payments of $1,000 or $5,000 and trips to Los Angeles.
Consumers who bought Sensa can still file a complaint with the FTC, but no additional refunds are available, the agency said
.

Six dream-list drivesJohammer Frischluft Tour
(Johammer)
The Johammer J1 is a rather unusual – and not inexpensive – electric motorbike built by an upstart Austrian company. It is a highly innovative, but thoroughly nontraditional entrant into a growing field of battery-powered bikes. To help spread word of its arrival, the company has arranged an enticing J1 riding tour along the serpentine mountain roads of upper Austria and southern Bohemia. The Johammer Frischluft (“fresh air”) Tour – conducted in German and English by local guide Georg Fröhlich – runs between May and October in three-, five- and eight-hour versions, with prices ranging from €115 to €280 (about $145 to $350). A motorbike licence is required, and proper motorcycle clothing and a helmet are suggested, but rental gear is available. Alas, although the memories are yours to keep, you’ll have to return the bike.
For purchase details, click here .
Midnight in Paris Citroën 2CV Tour
(Bruno de Hogues/Getty Images)
They don’t call Paris the City of Light for nothing. Montmartre, St Germain-des-Pres and the Latin Quarter are as lively and colourful at the witching hour as they are at midday – perhaps more so. Recognising this, Parisian tour guide Nicolas Manac'h introduced Midnight in Paris on Wheels, a nighttime cruise around the French capital in (but of course) a vintage Citroën 2CV. Manac’h offers two- and three-hour versions of the tour, priced at €200 and €280, respectively, per couple (about $250 and $350). And because this is Paris, and because Manac’h is doing the driving, the price includes a chilled bottle of Champagne.
For purchase details, click here .
Jaguar Le Mans Experience
(Jaguar Cars)
Unless your name begins with “Sir” and ends with “ Moss ”, you generally wouldn’t expect to drive a C- or D-type Jaguar – two of the most successful Le Mans endurance machines of the 1950s – round a proper race circuit. But with a strong gut and £750 ($1,175), you can pilot these icons at a private facility in Warwickshire, England, on select dates in 2015. Also in the offing are stints in the D-type’s road-going equivalent, the XKSS, and a bracing spin in the all-new, 550-horsepower F-type R Coupe .
For purchase details, click here .
Grand Prix Tours’ Monaco: Le Ponant
(Le Ponant)
Access to the Monaco Grand Prix, Formula 1’s most glamorous race, is fiendishly controlled, with checkpoints, corrals and lines at every turn. Something suggests that after a week aboard the sailing yacht Le Ponant (pictured above), such indignities are suffered more graciously. With an itinerary that includes a call in Cannes, France, during that charmed city’s film festival , before finishing in Monaco harbour for the big race, this longtime operator in the Mediterranean has thought of everything – and for $8,595 per person, a good thing. Staff will also help organise tickets to the grand prix, the one amenity not included.
For purchase details, click here .
Rick Seaman Stunt-Driving School
(Newspress)
Stunt drivers are made , not born. Many who have gone on to star on screens large and small began their dream with Rick Seaman and his team of instructors. With facilities in southern California and New Jersey, Seaman teaches 360-degree spins, high-speed reverse, drifting and other essential tricks in a stunt driver’s repertoire. Students who don’t harbour Hollywood fantasies are still welcome. A word to fence-sitters: Seaman’s three-day academies sell out quickly, so reserve early.
For purchase details, click here .
Land Rover Adventure Travel by Abercrombie & Kent
(Land Rover)
Land Rover is to the British travel outfit Abercrombie & Kent what a Barbour jacket is to a pair of Hunter wellies: made for each other. In previous years, the SUV builder and tour operator have joined forces to offer some action-packed four-wheel-drive adventures in a host of extraordinary locales, including Scotland, Iceland and Morocco (pictured below). For 2015, a seven-night tour of Tanzania (pictured above) is on the calendar. From the seat of a Land Rover Discovery, tour participants will gaze out at the Serengeti and down into the Ngorongoro Crater, scanning the horizon for the “big five” – lions, buffalo, elephants, rhinos and leopards. There are seven Tanzania departures during 2015, the first on 24 September and the last on 4 November. Pricing for the tour starts at £7,995 per person (about $13,000). Pricey, indeed. But the opportunity to interact with African wildlife – and Land Rovers – in the wild? That’s priceless.
For purchase details, click here .
(Land Rover)
If you would like to comment on this or anything else you have seen on BBC Autos, head over to our Facebook page or message us on Twitter .

The Greatest Salesman I Have Ever Knownreddit
"The greatness of a man is not in how much wealth he acquires, but in his integrity and his ability to affect those around him positively." -- Bob Marley
I received the call from my brother Gary on Thursday, November 20, at approximately 3 p.m.: "Dad has cancer."
I quickly cancelled a client dinner that evening. As I pondered whether my father would like to have some company, my mobile phone rang and the caller ID read "Mom and Dad." I picked up the phone expecting it to be my mom calling with the somber news, but instead my dad's voice blurted out enthusiastically, "How you doing, kid?" as if he had just closed his biggest deal or won the lottery. Before he could say anything else, I let him know I was on my way over for a visit.
As I thought about our conversation that evening, even though he had just received news that would stun most of us, he had a positive outlook. My dad, Andy Anderson, was a superstar salesperson in his career, and his positive attitude was critically important as he experienced the ups and downs that anyone in the selling profession experiences. I wrote about my dad in some detail in my book, Reignite: How to Rekindle Your Passion for Selling. Andy worked straight commission selling pianos and organs for Schmitt Music Company in Minneapolis, Minnesota. He was featured in industry magazines and even had his smiling mug on a full-page advertisement on the back of the Minneapolis Orchestra program for an entire season.
Here is what I believe are some of the qualities that made Andy a top performer in his profession:
Attitude: As mentioned earlier, Andy didn't let outside circumstances impact his attitude at work. Of course, it didn't hurt to have a strong wife who dealt with the daily challenges that came up raising five kids so he could focus on what he did best: selling. But even his attitude regarding his diagnosis tells you more about the kind of person he is. He is positive and an individual people want to be around. He always has a smile on his face and enthusiastically greets you because he is genuinely glad to see you.
Integrity: His customers trusted him because he had their best interest at heart. That included getting them to commit to the purchase. He once had a reluctant customer, who came to the store every day and looked at the same Steinway grand piano but just couldn't commit to parting with his money. One day the customer came to play the piano, but there was a "sold" sign on it. The customer told Andy how disappointed he was that his favorite piano had been sold. Andy told him to look at whose name was on the sold tag. It was the customer's name, and he didn't hesitate to finally sign the paperwork. Trusting relationships help customers make the right decision.
Competiveness: The people he worked with called him "Animal" Andy. When the company announced a new incentive trip, my dad did everything in his power to win that trip. I don't recall that he ever missed a trip in his more than forty years of selling. By winning these contests, he traveled the world to places like London, Japan, Rome, Hawaii, Spain. And when my mother tired of going on the trips, he took his kids. (I was fortunate to go with him to both Hawaii and Japan at the expense of Schmitt Music.)
Fitness: Andy had polio when he was a teenager, and the doctors said he would never walk again. Through will, determination, and lots of prayer, he did walk again. When he was strong enough, he spent his time building his body up through exercise and weight lifting. He often exclaimed, "If I can whip them, I can sell them." To this day, this 82-year-old can be found working out at the gym at least twice a week. He realized if you are going to work hard, you have to be physically up to the challenge.
Hard work: Andy worked retail hours, always taking Friday as his day off. As kids, all my brothers and sisters knew not to come directly home from school on Friday or risk being part of Dad's work detail (whether it was yard work or some other chore he made up). He loved to work and was most joyous when he was working (he also thought everyone else should love it, too). When he was at work, he worked like there was no tomorrow. During slow periods at the store, he did his own marketing, writing letters to prospects or picking up the phone and making calls. He always kept busy. He didn't get paid if he didn't sell something. One of the greatest gifts I received from my parents was a strong work ethic and the understanding that sometimes you just need to outwork the competition.
Dedication: Andy was committed to God, his family, and his employer. He had our collective backs. He didn't waiver in his faith and commitment to his Christian values. He didn't shortchange his company and rarely took a sick day in his entire career. He was committed to his wife of over 50 years and his children, who love him dearly.
Lastly was his attention to detail: Andy always wanted to look his best even down to the smallest detail of freshly shined shoes. He wore tailored suits and pressed shirts. He looked and felt successful -- and that is how he performed.
Andy Anderson did what he loved -- selling pianos and organs -- but he would have been successful in any career he chose based upon his personal qualities and who he is, "The Animal."
P.S. We just found out today that the cancer is stage 1 and treatable. We are all thankful!
More:
Click here to view Conversations
Conversations

Pittsburgh Firm Offering  Moon Mail  DeliveryWelcome to 2015. What just happened? Where did 2014 go? Television personalities Ryan Seacrest and Jenny McCarthy...
John Locher/AP Photo

Ex-TV pitchman accused in owl attack disrupts court...and
versions
SALT LAKE CITY (AP) — A former TV pitchman in Utah known for his over-the-top personality turned his initial court appearance into a sideshow Thursday by being disruptive and combative with a federal judge.
Dell "Super Dell" Schanze pleaded not guilty to charges stemming from accusations he chased and kicked a barn owl in flight while on a motorized paraglider. He was held in custody for several hours before being released on conditions that included getting rid of all his weapons.
Earlier in the day, Schanze was placed in handcuffs in a Salt Lake City courtroom after he stood up and interrupted a judge at another man's hearing. U.S. Chief Magistrate Judge Brooke Wells had told that man he would have to surrender any weapons as part of his release.
Speaking loudly from the front row, Schanze declared it was unconstitutional to take the man's guns. Wells ordered U.S. marshals to handcuff Schanze and escort him out.
He was brought back minutes later for his own hearing on charges of knowingly using an aircraft to harass wildlife and pursuing a migratory bird. The Utah U.S. attorney's office said the incident happened in 2011.
The charges, filed in October, came after a federal investigation into a video that surfaced online last year and appeared to show a paraglider near Utah Lake kicking a soaring owl and boasting about it.
Schanze, 45, faces a maximum of 1 1/2 years in jail and more than $100,000 in fines.
He sat beside his court-appointed attorney with his hands cuffed behind his back. When the judge asked if he intended to hire his own attorney, Schanze ignored the question and declared the charges against him lacked merit.
"It's all based on a fake YouTube video," Schanze said.
He remained argumentative as Wells tried to determine if he qualified for a court-appointed lawyer. Eventually Schanze confirmed that he and his wife each make $2,000 a month by working for a brother's business. He said local media ruined his own businesses.
At a later hearing on whether Schanze would remain in custody, Wells said she would let him go despite her reservations. She ordered him to get a job, undergo a mental evaluation and get approval before travelling outside Utah. She also barred him from having weapons.
As the judge explained the conditions, she asked Schanze several times if he understood. "Yes ma'am," he answered each time in a boisterous voice.
Schanze is known in Utah for his shrill, hyperactive TV commercials for his Totally Awesome Computers retail chain. He shut down the stores in 2006 amid sinking sales and legal troubles.
He has since run for political office, including a Libertarian bid for governor.
Schanze's paragliding has run afoul of the law before. In 2006, he was charged with disorderly conduct after flying low near Interstate 15 at rush hour. He kissed the feet of a fan who paid his $300 fine in the case.
Five years later, Schanze was arrested in Oregon after allegedly jumping off the 125-foot-tall Astoria Column. He said outside the jail the government was stifling his creativity.
His other legal troubles include a 2005 conviction for lying to officers after prosecutors said he brandished a gun at Draper residents angry that he'd sped through their neighborhood.
Four years later, Schanze was sentenced to 10 days in jail after police stopped him for weaving in and out of traffic. Prosecutors say his children weren't wearing seatbelts, and Schanze was carrying a loaded gun in his fanny pack without a permit.

Panaji by-election: state Cong chooses Furtado as nomineePanaji by-election: state Cong chooses Furtado as nominee
Love jihad is conversion ploy: VHPminority group
The Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) opposes religious conversions and “love jihad” is only meant to convert people to Islam, its international working president Praveen Togadia said on Thursday.
Addressing a ‘Virat Hindu Sammelan’ here on the occasion of the VHP completing 50 years of its existence, Dr. Togadia expressed the fear that Hindus could become ‘minorities’ in the next 100 years if they did not stop religious conversions. He called upon people to eradicate the caste system and urged them to dine with SCs and STs so that the latter would not feel alienated.
He accused Telangana CM K. Chandrasekhar Rao of following in the footsteps of the erstwhile Hyderabad ruler, the Nizam, and found fault with him for promising quota for minorities.

UTX guidance disappointsutx guidance disappoints
SBI floats special share ideaSBI floats special share idea
Google to donate $2 million to San Francisco homeless groupsGoogle to donate $2 million to San Francisco homeless groups
Tips for Bengal tourismTips for Bengal tourism
UPDATE 8-U.S. crude crashes below $60 as 6-month oil rout continuesUPDATE 8-U.S. crude crashes below $60 as 6-month oil rout continues
In a first  Swiss schools reach out to India to attract studentsIn a first  Swiss schools reach out to India to attract students
Steel+Authority+of+IndiaCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Managing Director - Researchers in SchoolsFurther information
Managing Director - Researchers in Schools
RIS is a non-profit organisation that aims to increase subject expertise, promote research and champion university access in non-selective secondary schools. To achieve this, RIS recruits, places and supports researchers who have completed a doctorate to become highly effective classroom teachers and future subject leaders across the education sector.
Following the initial success of the pilot programme, RIS is now entering a significant growth phase. To lead this phase, we are looking to recruit a Managing Director who can inherit and grow the pilot programme, establishing it as a world-class teacher training programme and an influential national organisation over the next three years. For last year’s programme, we received more than 200 applications for 20 places over a six week window. From this, we know that the potential supply of trainee teachers exists, and we are ready to commit the resources and support necessary to help an outstanding Managing Director to
lead the organisation into its next phase.
The successful candidate will be a leader, an excellent network builder and an accomplished Project Manager, who will be driven to meet their growth and development targets over the next three years. They will have the autonomy and financial backing to meet these targets and the ability to shape the organisation’s strategy. As well as an excellent team to work under them, they will also draw on the experience and support of the RIS Executive Team, which includes the trustees and directors of The Brilliant Club and its partner organisations. We think that this is a rare and unique opportunity to join an innovative an high-profile project at the ground floor, and we look forward to reviewing applications from candidates with an impressive track record of success.
Key Responsibilities:
While not exhaustive, the following list of responsibilities gives an overview of the role:
a) Organisational Leadership
Acting as an internal and external figurehead, driving the mission, embodying organisational culture
b) Developing Organisational Growth Plan
Consulting internally and externally, developing the business case, establishing workplans to meet strategic objectives
c) Operational Oversight
Ensuring operational objectives are met, managing the RIS team to meet their objectives and develop as professionals
d) Meeting Growth Targets
Ensuring school and trainee recruitment targets are met, seeking out growth opportunities
e) Managing Stakeholders
Expanding the network of partnerships, ensuring effective induction and management of new partners (e.g. schools)
f) Monitoring and Evaluation
Using data to manage to outcomes, quality assuring internal- and external-facing processes, evaluating progress
g) Effective Governance
‘Managing upwards’ to senior leaders, communicating progress effectively, identifying resources needed
Required Experience/Characteristics:
Experience of managing an organisation, or a senior team within an organisation
An influential leader, with experience of driving growth
Clear vision for why they want the role and what they bring as a leader
An excellent network builder, with great communication skills
Experience of managing relationships with senior leaders
An accomplished project manager, with an impressive track record of success
Strong line management skills, including evidence of managing a team
Desirable Experience/Characteristics:
Experience of the secondary education system
Experience of the higher education system
Experience of initial teacher training and continuing professional development
Experience of recruitment and assessment
Experience of developing new revenue streams
Experience of sales and negotiation
Experience of managing budgets, tendering processes and so on
The Brilliant Club

Why Caste Won t Disappear From Indiareddit
The news that a recent survey has established that 27 percent of Indians still practice caste untouchability is not, in many ways, news at all. Most Indians have grown up in an India where we have seen such behavior, though the kind of people who read English-language op-eds probably think of it as something that happens in rural, backward villages rather than urban India.
But this survey also packs a few other surprises. It shows almost every third Hindu (30 percent) admitted to the practice. That is, they refused to allow Dalits, the former "untouchables," into their kitchen or to use their utensils. But bizarrely enough, data from the survey showed that untouchability was also practiced by Sikhs (23 percent), Muslims (18 percent) and Christians (5 percent). These are faiths that pride themselves on their enshrining of equality and the brotherhood of faith. Dr. Amit Thorat, the survey's lead researcher, at the National Council of Applied Economic Research, was quoted by the Indian Express as saying , "These findings indicate that conversion has not led to a change in mindsets. Caste identity is sticky baggage, difficult to dislodge in social settings."
These findings -- confirming the persistence of the iniquitous practice of caste discrimination across India's religious communities -- came on the heels of the outrage that greeted a prominent journalist, Rajdeep Sardesai, on social media when he tweeted his joy that two members of his caste of Goud Saraswat Brahmins (GSBs) had been elevated to the Cabinet in the latest government reshuffle.
Part of the reason for the controversy, undoubtedly, was surprise that a sentiment one might associate with, and therefore more easily accept from, someone more traditional and perhaps rural emerged from an English-educated urban professional and certified liberal. People of Saredesai's ilk tend to disavow caste loyalties as unworthy relics of a more unequal pre-independence past. As intellectual heirs of a freedom movement that explicitly rejected caste and outlawed caste discrimination, we aren't supposed to admit to caste feeling even if, in some cases, it lurks somewhere beneath the surface.
Any elitism Sardesai acquired at the elite educational institutions he attended (Campion and Cathedral Schools in Bombay, followed by Oxford University) would normally be assumed to be an elitism of merit, of respect for education and cosmopolitan values. Caste pride sits oddly with such a background.
Or does it? I am conscious of my own bias in the opposite direction. The son of a Keralite newspaper executive who dropped his caste name (Nair) at college in response to Mahatma Gandhi's exhortations to do so, moved to London and brought his children up in Westernized Bombay, I am a product of a nationalist generation that was consciously raised to be oblivious of caste.
"We aren't supposed to admit to caste feeling even if, in some cases, it lurks somewhere beneath the surface."
I still remember my own discovery of caste. I was a ten-year-old representing the 6th Standard in an inter-class theatrical event at which the 8th Standard's sketch featured "Chintu" (Rishi) Kapoor, younger son of the matinee idol and producer Raj Kapoor, later to become a successful screen heartthrob in his own right. I had acted, elocuted a humorous poem and MCed my class's efforts to generous applause, and the younger Kapoor was either intrigued or disconcerted, for he sought me out the next morning at school.
"Tharoor," he asked me at the head of the steps near the toilet, "what caste are you?"
I blinked my nervousness at the Great Man. "I - - I don't know," I stammered. My father, who never mentioned anyone's religion, let alone caste, had not bothered to enlighten me on such matters.
"You don't know?" the actor's son demanded in astonishment. "What do you mean, you don't know? Everybody knows their own caste."
I shamefacedly confessed I didn't.
"You mean you're not a Brahmin or something?"
I couldn't even avow I was a something. Chintu Kapoor never spoke to me again in school. But I went home that evening and extracted an explanation from my parents, whose eclectic liberality had left me in such ignorance. They told me, in simplified terms, about the Nairs; and so it is to Rishi Kapoor, celluloid hero of the future, that I owe my first lesson about my genealogical past.
So I grew up thinking of caste as an irrelevance, married outside my caste, and brought up two children to be utterly indifferent to caste, indeed largely unconscious of it. Even after I entered the hothouse world of Indian politics, I did not consciously seek to find out the caste of anyone I met or worked with. I hired a cook without asking his caste (the same with my remaining domestic staff) and have entertained all manner of people in my home without the thought of caste affinity even crossing my mind.
"I grew up thinking of caste as an irrelevance, married outside my caste and brought up two children to be utterly indifferent to caste."
India is a land of multiple identities, and one of the key identities, inescapably, is caste. To some, it's an instrument of political mobilization. As the "backward caste" Yadav ascendancy in north Indian politics has repeatedly demonstrated, when many Indians cast their vote, they vote their caste. English-speaking urban Indians may scorn such behavior, even while accepting it as part of India's political reality. After all, none of us would object if a Dalit leader advertised her pride in being a Dalit or called for Dalit solidarity. It would be the Indian equivalent of America's "Black is beautiful" slogan or black pride campaigns. But the outrage at Sardesai is, of course, because the journalist's not a member of an oppressed community celebrating its achievements. He is someone at the top of the heap, not merely a Brahmin but a Goud Saraswat Brahmin at that -- the member of a tiny elite. And he's thrilled about members of this privileged tribe acquiring even more power and prominence.
But could it be that his attitude reflects not so much casteism as an admission of its diminished appeal as a badge of identity? Had Sardesai celebrated the elevation of two Campionites, or even two Oxonians, in the same spirit, no one would have objected (except maybe people who went to rival educational institutions). But isn't it possible that his unreflective celebration of two GSBs suggests that his attitude to caste is so casual that he thinks of it as nothing more than the equivalent of any one of the other labels he can also claim?
"India is a land of multiple identities, and one of the key identities, inescapably, is caste."
Had the journalist thought consciously that his tweet would be interpreted as casteist, he surely would not have issued it. Instead, perhaps, there's an element of post-modernism about the entire fiasco. He said what he did not because his caste matters so much to him but precisely because it doesn't. He doesn't base his friendships, his hiring decisions or his political preferences on the basis of caste, and so he unselfconsciously applauded his fellow GSBs the way he might have applauded two members of the same cricket team, the same journalistic fraternity or the same social club as himself. GSB is just another type of identity he shares with others.
At least, that's what I choose to believe. I haven't asked him myself. But I don't need to. Caste won't disappear from the Indian landscape. Too many political and administrative benefits (and disadvantages) derive from your caste affiliation for that to happen. For many Indians, as the NCAER survey demonstrates yet again, it still matters greatly that they inter-marry with, dine with and admit into their homes only people of analogous castes. For someone like Sardesai, who married outside his caste, abhors caste prejudice and thrives in an eclectic social environment, caste doesn't matter in quite the same way. To upbraid him for casteism is like calling India's first prime minister, the secular atheist Jawaharlal Nehru, casteist for allowing people to refer to him as "Pandit" Nehru.
In other words, caste will always be there but, as this episode unconsciously reveals, for many of us it doesn't pack the same punch it used to. If it becomes more and more one of many interchangeable, mutable forms of identity -- one fraternity of many that an Indian can lay claim to -- it can cease to matter so much. The majority of Indians aren't there yet, which is why the offending Sardesai tweet was greeted with such shock. But if we can't escape being conscious of caste, let's be conscious of it like him as the equivalent of an old school tie -- nothing more, nothing less. That will remove its sting.
And then maybe more people will let Dalits into their kitchens when the next survey rolls around a few years from now.
Close

Michigan May Redefine Fuel From Burning Tires As Renewable EnergyMichigan May Redefine Fuel From Burning Tires As Renewable Energy
Posted:
Updated:
12/10/2014 10:59 am EST
DETROIT, MI- DECEMBER 13:  Old tires rest near the abandoned Packard Automotive Plant December 13, 2013 in Detroit, Michigan. (Photo by Joshua Lott/Getty Images) | Joshua Lott via Getty Images
reddit
A Michigan bill aims to classify fuel made by burning tires and hazardous industrial waste as renewable energy, but environmentalists say that's setting a dangerous precedent.
Under the state's Clean, Renewable and Efficient Energy Act of 2008, Michigan utility companies are required to derive 10 percent of their energy from sources like wind and solar power by 2015; the new House Bill 5205 would make it easier for them to hit the target by expanding the definition of renewable energy to include types of solid waste.
Introduced by Rep. Aric Nesbitt (R-Lawton), the new bill passed 63-46 last week with support from several Democrats and has been sent to the state Senate. Nesbitt said the legislation would be an economic and environmental boon for the state, because converting previously non-recyclable materials into energy through advanced processes with stringent regulations would reduce landfill waste.
"I think this provides Michigan a stepping stone to being a leader in both clean energy and landfill diversion," he told The Huffington Post.
But environmental groups have soundly rejected the idea that incinerating hazardous waste should count as a renewable fuel source, saying it would be a step in the wrong direction for the state's energy policy.
"We should be discussing bills that increase our use of clean, renewable energy -- not turn the clock backwards,” Lisa Wozniak, executive director of the Michigan League of Conservation Voters, said in a phone conference Monday held with representatives from Clean Water Action and the Michigan Chapter of the Sierra Club.
Nesbitt questioned why groups opposed to his bill would rather have materials like plastics sitting in landfills than used in an efficient manner, and suggested that objections were based on political motives rather than policy.
Andrew Hoffman, a professor of sustainable enterprise at the University of Michigan, told HuffPost that the technology exists to burn hazardous waste safely -- and that it's important to look at how the state can reduce landfill waste. But he said HB 5205 would "water down" the 2008 law's purpose of stimulating investment in renewable energy.
"We have to do something with the piles, the mountains of waste tires we have in this country," he said. "I just think calling that 'renewable energy' is rather cynical."
Hoffman added that the bill could divert investments in "real" renewable energy sources if companies find it's cheaper or easier to meet Michigan's renewable energy standards by burning waste.
In recent years, more than 30 states have put varying renewable energy mandates in place as part of a commitment to reduce reliance on coal and move to cleaner energy sources. And University of Michigan professor Barry Rabe, who specializes in environmental policy, said it appears the state is on track reach its 10 percent requirement by the end of next year.
But such laws are facing pushback. Rabe told HuffPost that Michigan's attempt to change the state's renewable energy definition is in line with a nationwide trend of legal challenges , rather than deeper commitments, to measures that increase renewable energy use.
According to the Lansing State Journal, there are no current plans to hold a vote on Nesbitt's bill before the legislative session ends this month, so HB 5205 could die. But the state approach to renewable energy will still be up for debate as the original mandate expires at the end of next year.
Rabe said it's a similar situation to those in other states, many which also have mandates ending soon. While advocates push for increases to the mandates -- one failed Michigan ballot proposal would have required 25 percent renewable energy by 2025 -- nationwide Republican gains in state legislatures could stop or roll back states' progress on renewable energy, Rabe suggested.
Hoffman added that Nesbitt's legislation may signal that in Michigan, setbacks to renewable energy and other environmental issues are possible.
"With a strongly Republican House, Senate and Republican governor, there's a good question of whether [the bill] is just the tip of the iceberg, " he said.
Also on HuffPost:

Six US law firms target Petrobras© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4f80d0f6-8156-11e4-a493-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Court rules for Deutsche Telekom investorsCourt favours investors in Deutsche Telekom IPO dispute
Jeevan Vasagar in Berlin
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2efc0020-8134-11e4-896c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Knight Frank to quit ZooplaKnight Frank fuels portal wars by quitting Zoopla
Kate Allen
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/29775b12-8149-11e4-b956-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Google to block reports from Spanish news publishers; to pull off Google News in SpainYou are here: Home > Collections > Spain
Google to block reports from Spanish publishers; to pull off Google News in Spain
AP Dec 12, 2014, 01.42AM IST
Tags:
"Right to be Forgotten" rule
(Google News has long irked…)
MADRID: In a decision that will reverberate around the globe, Google announced Thursday it will close Google News in Spain and block reports from Spanish publishers from more than 70 Google News international editions due to a new Spanish law requiring aggregators to pay to link content.
Google News in Spain will shut down on Dec. 16 - several weeks before a new Spanish intellectual property law takes effect Jan. 1 requiring news publishers to be paid.
That means people in Latin America, where Spanish news organizations have sought to boost their audiences, won't see news from Spain via Google News in Mexico or elsewhere. Also set to disappear are reports in English from Spanish publishers like Madrid's leading El Pais newspaper.
People who use Google's standard search in Spain and anywhere else around the world will still be able to find articles on their own from Spanish publications, because the law applies only to aggregators and not to individuals who do their own searches outside of Google News.
The decision by Google Inc. is the first shutdown since Google News debuted as an experimental project in 2002.
Richard Gingras, head of Google News, said the decision was made "with real sadness" because Google News is "a service that hundreds of millions of users love and trust, including many here in Spain."
Spain's AEDE association, which represents large news publishers, had lobbied for the law nicknamed the "Google Tax" and said that Spaniards and Spanish businesses will suffer as a result of Google's decision.
AEDE said the full impact of the move that will make news produced by Spanish media vanish globally will only become known after the shutdown but added that the law was needed to "effectively protect the rights of citizens and businesses."
A spokesman for El Pais said the newspaper did not plan to comment on Google's action and the publishers of three other large Spanish newspaper groups also declined to comment or did not respond to requests for comment.
Spain's Culture Ministry characterized Google's move as a legitimate business decision. The ministry also said the law doesn't apply to individuals and will protect the intellectual property of publications that spend money to create content without hindering freedom of information.
The new law did not specify how much publishers would have to be paid by Google or other aggregators, but the company said Spain's law is much stricter than similar legislation enacted elsewhere because it mandates payments even if publishers don't want them because they get traffic via Google News.
"This new legislation requires every Spanish publication to charge services like Google News for showing even the smallest snippet from their publications, whether they want to or not," Gingras wrote in a blog. "As Google News itself makes no money (we do not show any advertising on the site) this new approach is simply not sustainable."
Google News has long irked newspaper publishers and other content providers, who contend the service tramples on copyrights by creating a digital kiosk of headlines and story snippets gathered from other websites. Most criticism has likened Google to a freeloader, but there have been attempts to force the company to change its ways through the courts.
Google maintains it obeys all copyright laws while sending more people to websites highlighted in its News services. The company also allows publishers to prevent material from being displayed in Google News, an option few websites choose because the service is an important traffic source to sell ads.
Alejandro Tourino, a Madrid-based lawyer who specializes in media issues and has worked for The Associated Press on several legal cases, said Spanish news publishers may "have shot themselves out of the market. Time will tell."
  After Germany revised its copyright laws last year to allow - but not force - Google News to make royalty payments, Google required publishers there to give their consent for summarizing content. Most did.
Google last year agreed to help French news organizations increase their online advertising revenue and fund digital publishing innovations to settle a dispute over whether the company should pay for news content in its search results.
The French news agency Agence France Presse sued Google for copyright infringement in 2005, a move that culminated in Google agreeing to a licensing agreement with AFP for an undisclosed amount. The Associated Press, another critic of Google News' tactics, reached a licensing agreement with Google in 2006.
Now Google no longer licenses material from AFP, AP or any other news service.
Google also had to respond to a ruling this year from Europe's highest court, which decided that Europeans have a right to scrub unflattering or outdated information from Google's search engine that pops up in a search of their names. That case started in Spain.
Under the new "Right to be Forgotten" rule, the company as of September had received more than 120,000 requests to take down 457,000 links. Google did not say at the time how many requests had been approved.
FEATURED ARTICLES

US  troubled  that Crimean leader in India with Putin | $2.1-bn Russian diamonds dealUS 'troubled' that Crimean leader in India with Putin
Reuters Dec 12, 2014, 01.16AM IST
Tags:
Barack Obama
(Moscow was long India's…)
NEW DELHI: The leader of Crimea, the former Ukrainian territory annexed by Russia, visited India on Thursday as a member of President Vladimir Putin's annual summit delegation, and the United States said it found the reports troubling.
India does not back Western sanctions against Russia, but the unofficial trip by Sergey Aksyonov could spoil the mood before Prime Minister Narendra Modi hosts US President Barack Obama for India's Republic Day festivities in January.
State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said the United States was "troubled" by reports that Aksyonov may have been part of Putin's delegation and was seeking more information.
"We understand that the Indian Ministry of External Affairs have said they were not officially aware of his visit or his participation in the delegation ... We are seeking further clarification on that."
Psaki also referred to reports of new nuclear and defence deals between India and Russia and reiterated Washington's view that it was "not time for business as usual with Russia".
Aksyonov arrived at the upscale Oberoi hotel in New Delhi accompanied by Russian diplomats to be greeted by Gul Kripalani, a Mumbai-based seafood merchant who wants to boost trade with Russia.
Speaking to reporters after signing a memorandum of understanding to promote business, Aksyonov said his visit had "a private character" and he did not take apart in any official events.
He tweeted separately, however, that he had come to India as "a member of the delegation under the leadership of the president of the Russian federation, Vladimir Putin ".
The towering 42-year-old, previously an obscure nationalist politician, was elected in a closed session of the regional parliament after Russian forces in February took control of the Crimean peninsula in a bloodless operation.
He masterminded a quickfire referendum to join Russia that was recognised by Moscow. Kiev and the West say it was rigged.
It was clear that his visit enjoyed Russia's full diplomatic backing, with the consul general to Mumbai and an aide to Ambassador Alexander Kadakin present at the meeting and lunch with businessmen.
No Indian officials were present.
CRIMEAN COMMOTION
News of the event leaked out on Wednesday when the Russian embassy invited reporters to a signing ceremony only to cancel late in the evening.
A spokesman for India's Ministry of External Affairs said he was not officially aware of the Crimean visit. It is highly unlikely, however, that such an event would have taken place without New Delhi being in the loop.
Modi, addressing a joint news conference after meeting Putin, emphasised India's deep security ties with Russia. Moscow was long India's top arms supplier until the United States, which is keen to forge closer ties with New Delhi, took top spot recently.
"Even if India's options have increased, Russia remains our most important defence partner," Modi told reporters. No potentially awkward questions were allowed at the tightly stage-managed event held at an old princely palace.
India, which observes a policy of non-intervention, has refrained from criticising Moscow's takeover of Crimea and support for an uprising in eastern Ukraine that has killed more than 4,300 people since April.
Kripalani, who said his Pijikay Group has annual turnover of about 150 million euros ($190 million), signed the memorandum on behalf of the India-Crimean Partnership - a previously unknown group that he said represented five businesses.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Studio head  producer apologize for Jolie  Obama remarks...and
versions
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Oscar-winning producer Scott Rudin apologized Thursday for calling Angelina Jolie a "spoiled brat" and making racially offensive jokes about President Obama's presumed taste in movies.
The comments were made in a series of leaked email exchanges between Rudin and Sony Pictures Entertainment co-chairman Amy Pascal, who also apologized Thursday. It was yet another embarrassment in the ongoing Sony hacking scandal, in which highly sensitive material is being leaked almost daily.
"Private emails between friends and colleagues written in haste and without much thought or sensitivity, even when the content of them is meant to be in jest, can result in offense where none was intended," Rudin said in a statement to industry site Deadline after the Obama remarks surfaced.
"I made a series of remarks that were meant only to be funny, but in the cold light of day, they are in fact thoughtless and insensitive — and not funny at all. To anybody I've offended, I'm profoundly and deeply sorry, and I regret and apologize for any injury they might have caused."
In a statement released soon after by Sony, Pascal called her comments "insensitive and inappropriate" and "not an accurate reflection of who I am." She said that although the emails were "stolen," she accepts "full responsibility for what I wrote and apologize to everyone who was offended."
In a tweet later Thursday, "Scandal" and "Grey's Anatomy" creator Shonda Rhimes said the comments were "racist," not merely "racially insensitive."
This latest shocker in the Sony scandal erupted Tuesday, when the website Gawker posted email exchanges stolen from the studio's computer systems. The leaks gave the public a rare, unfiltered glimpse into the blunt, often crude way Hollywood does business.
The emails drawing most of the attention this week were primarily between Rudin, producer of the Academy Award-winning "No Country for Old Men," and Pascal, who has held the position since 2006. The two have a decades-old friendship, thanks, in part, to a longstanding deal with the studio, where they've worked jointly on projects like "The Social Network."
When juxtaposed with the saccharine graciousness of Hollywood's awards season, the emails reveal a much darker and, to some, surprising side of the industry.
"She's a camp event and a celebrity and that's all," wrote Rudin of Jolie in one exchange about a potential "Cleopatra" project.
In another, as reported by Buzzfeed, Rudin and Pascal also riffed about what she should talk to President Obama about at an upcoming fundraiser.
"Should I ask him if he liked DJANGO?" Pascal asked, referring to Quentin Tarantino's "Django Unchained."
They continued the email chain joking about which films the President might enjoy, referencing "Lee Daniels' The Butler," ''Think Like a Man" and "Ride Along" — all films with primarily African American casts.
"I bet he likes Kevin Hart," wrote Rudin.
In a separate email exchange obtained by Gawker, Sony CEO Michael Lyton also called Hart a "whore" for asking to get compensated for promotional tweets.
"I look at myself as a brand and because of that, I will never allow myself to be (taken) advantage of," Hart responded on Instagram.
Rev. Al Sharpton said in a statement that the apologies were not enough, comparing Pascal to disgraced NBA owner Donald Sterling and demanding that she meet with black leaders immediately.
Beyond the scintillating behind-the-scenes peek at the film business, Hollywood is somewhat divided on how to feel to about the unflattering exposure and what it means for Sony. Many are concerned about the ethics of diving into the leaked assets, which have included films, executive salaries, and the Social Security numbers of nearly everyone who has received a paycheck from Sony.
"You can't hold people responsible on how they conduct (emailing) in private or between colleagues, unless they're doing something illegal," comedian Ricky Gervais told the AP.
"It almost seems like it's a story line from a film," said "Foxcatcher" star Steve Carell. "But the truth is stranger than fiction, I guess."
Representatives for Jolie did not immediately respond to the AP's request for comment, nor did the White House communications office.
___
AP Entertainment Writers Sandy Cohen and Derrik Lang contributed to this report.

Malaysian Airlines keen on code-share with Jet AirwaysMalaysian Airlines keen on code-share with Jet Airways
Ecclestone vows to maintain grip on F1Ecclestone vows to maintain iron grip on Formula One
Roger Blitz, Leisure Industries Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0e6b2584-8148-11e4-b956-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Retail sales report boosts US stock market...and
versions
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — Asian shares climbed Friday as investor sentiment was lifted by strong retail sales in the world's largest economy. But the price of oil extended its fall below $60 per barrel, keeping buying appetite in check.
KEEPING SCORE: Tokyo's benchmark Nikkei 225 rose 1.3 percent to 17,474.90 and South Korea's Kospi added 0.3 percent to 1,923.11. Hong Kong's Hang Seng gained 0.2 percent to 23,363.15 and China's Shanghai Composite climbed 0.5 percent to 2,938.62. Stocks in Southeast Asia also rose but Australia's S&P/ASX 200 fell 0.3 percent to 5,216.00.
ANALYST'S TAKE: "Investors faced a mixed bag this morning. Overnight news of strong US retail sales adds to a consolidating picture of improving growth in the world's largest economy," said Ric Spooner, chief market analyst at CMC. "However, another slide in oil prices and caution ahead of monthly data on China's economy is likely to keep investors cautious about the materials stocks and the energy sector in particular."
US RETAIL: U.S. retail sales perked up in November, as cheaper gas and an improving job market fueled a promising start to the holiday shopping season. Retail sales advanced 0.7 percent last month, the highest in eight months. Excluding gas stations, whose sales were dented by falling gasoline prices, sales climbed 0.9 percent.
OIL PRICE: Benchmark U.S. crude fell 79 cents to $59.16 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract fell 99 cents to settle at $59.95 a barrel on Thursday, its first time below $60 a barrel in more than five years. Brent crude, a benchmark for international oils, dropped 42 cents, to $63.26 on the ICE futures exchange in London. The lower energy costs have freed up money for consumers but stocks of energy companies have took a beating.
CHINA DATA: A source of caution for investors on Friday is a raft of data that will be released from China later in the day, including its retail sales and industrial production. Stan Shamu, an analyst at IG, said activity in retail and industrial production could fall short of expectations after the soft inflation reading earlier this week.
WALL STREET: U.S. stocks closed higher after strong U.S. retail sales, though energy stocks lost ground. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 0.4 percent to 17,596.34. The Standard & Poor's 500 rose 0.5 percent to 2,035.33 and the tech-heavy Nasdaq composite rose 0.5 percent to 4,708.16.
CURRENCIES: The euro was steady at $1.2398 while the dollar fell to 118.89 yen from 118.92 yen.

Govt. Approves Electronics Development FundGovt. Approves Electronics Development Fund
Beheading at LoC: Poll over  NDA backs what UPAdidWritten by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi |
Posted: December 12, 2014 3:48 am | Updated: December 12, 2014 10:04 am
“When Pakistan beheaded our soldiers, we fed their PM chicken biryani… The Centre lacks courage.” These words were used by Narendra Modi at an election rally in the run-up to the Lok Sabha elections to slam the UPA government’s response to the killing of two soldiers — Hemraj Singh and Sudhakar Singh — along the LoC in January, 2013.
Sushma Swaraj, the then Leader of Opposition in Lok Sabha, had said, “We should take revenge… If we don’t get his (Hemraj’s) head, we should get 10 of theirs.”
Now, in an affidavit filed in the Supreme Court, the Modi-led NDA government has significantly toned down that rhetoric. In fact, it lists what it calls UPA government’s “stern” warning and the steps taken by the Manmohan Singh government in the wake of the incident.
The Ministry of External Affairs has said in the affidavit that following a warning by the then Prime Minister, “the Pakistan DGMO began conveying the assurance that instructions had been issued to its troops along the LoC to abide by the ceasefire”.
Listing the measures taken by the previous government, the affidavit said, “On January 15, 2013, the Hon’ble Prime Minister of India, in a
stern public warning to Pakistan, said that it cannot be business as usual after the killing and brutal beheading of Indian soldiers on the LoC. Those responsible for killing and mutilating Indian soldiers should be brought to book.”
It also recorded the statement made by the then external affairs minister Salman Khurshid, who had said that Pakistan should not think such incidents will be ignored, or that bilateral ties will remain unaffected.
“The Hon’ble Minister also clarified that these provocative actions by the Pakistan Army, in contravention to all norms of international behaviour, would lead us to draw appropriate conclusions about Pakistan’s seriousness in pursuing normalisation of ties with India,” it added.
The Centre’s affidavit also states that the MEA spokesperson had then made a statement that Pakistan needed to take practical measures on the ground. The affidavit does not spell out any steps proposed or being contemplated by the NDA government, but simply records the measures by the UPA government.
The government was responding to a court notice on a PIL moved by one Sarwa Mitter, who had sought the court’s intervention on account of “inaction” by the government in taking steps to address the killings of the two personnel.
The court is hearing this petition along with a separate PIL filed by the father of Kargil martyr Captain Saurabh Kalia, who was reportedly tortured and killed in captivity by the Pakistan Army in 1999. In this matter too, the court had issued notices to the Centre.
The Centre has also challenged the maintainability of the petition, arguing that foreign policy was purely an executive function to be performed by the government and that no PIL could seek an action against a foreign state.

North Dakota jury deciding spoiled spuds case...and
versions
FARGO, N.D. (AP) — Two North Dakota brothers have been convicted of intentionally destroying potatoes to collect crop insurance payments.
A jury on Thursday found 50-year-old Aaron Johnson and 47-year-old Derek Johnson guilty of conspiring to receive illegal payments and giving false statements. Prosecutors said the men defrauded the federal government out of about $2 million.
Prosecutors said the brothers exploited the government's crop insurance program, meant to help farmers recover from losses due to naturally occurring events, including bad weather and the wet breakdown of inner potatoes after harvest. Prosecutors say that among other things, the brothers used chemicals to accelerate deterioration of their potatoes.
But the brothers' attorneys argued that prosecutors had no hard evidence against their clients. Defense attorneys said the key witness was a convicted felon with no credibility.

Figures on government spending and debt... 
December 11, 2014 05:09 PM EST | Associated Press
WASHINGTON (AP) — Figures on government spending and debt (last six digits are eliminated). The government's fiscal year runs Oct. 1 through Sept. 30.

Oil closes below $60  1st time since July 2009... 
The Associated Press | December 11, 2014 05:06 PM EST | Associated Press
The price of oil fell below $60 for the first time since July 2009 on Thursday and ended trading in New York at $59.95.
Benchmark U.S. crude oil dropped 99 cents, or 1.6 percent. Oil has fallen steadily for nearly six months, and is down 44 percent since reaching a high for the year of $107.26 in late June.
"We don't see a price bottom," wrote energy analyst Jim Ritterbusch in a note to investors. He expects oil to fall further, toward $55 a barrel, in the short term.
The drop is a result of rising global oil production, especially in the U.S., at a time when demand has weakened because of slowing economies in Asia and Europe.
OPEC said this week that higher production from non-OPEC members and global economic growth will reduce demand for its oil to 28.9 million barrels a day next year. That's the lowest level in more than a decade, and far less than the 30 million barrels per day that the group says it plans to produce next year.
The price collapse has pushed down prices for gasoline, diesel and other fuels, lowering expenses for drivers, shippers and airlines and giving a boost to consumer-driven economies like that of the U.S.
The average price of gasoline in the U.S. fell to $2.61 a gallon Thursday, according to AAA. That's 64 cents below last year at this time, saving U.S. drivers $7 billion a month. The Energy Department predicted this week that lower gasoline prices next year will save a typical U.S. household $550 over the course of the year.
Lower crude prices have sent the share prices of oil companies and drilling services companies spiraling lower, though, and caused many to cut back drilling projects.
As a result, the Energy Department this week trimmed its forecast for oil production growth in the U.S. for next year, though it still expects a sizeable increase. BP announced a $1 billion restructuring plan this week that analysts said could result in the elimination of thousands of jobs.
The lower prices are also pressuring government budgets in oil-producing U.S. states and cash-hungry oil exporters such as Iraq, Iran, Russia and Venezuela.

White House swings behind huge $1.1T spending bill...and
versions
WASHINGTON (AP) — Swapping crisis for compromise, the House narrowly approved $1.1 trillion in government-wide spending Thursday night after President Barack Obama and Republicans joined forces to override Democratic complaints that the bill would also ease bank regulations imposed after the economy's near-collapse in 2008.
The 219-206 vote cleared the way for a final showdown in the Senate on the bill — the last major measure of a two-year Congress far better known for gridlock than for bipartisan achievement.
Hours before the vote, House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi delivered a rare public rebuke to Obama, saying she was "enormously disappointed" he had decided to embrace legislation that she described as an attempt at blackmail by Republicans.
The White House stated its own objections to the bank-related proposal and other portions of the bill in a written statement. Even so, officials said Obama and Vice President Joe Biden both telephoned Democrats to secure the votes needed for passage, and the president stepped away from a White House Christmas party reception line to make last-minute calls.
In addition to the government funding, the bill sets a new course for selected, highly shaky pension plans. It also sets up a clash for February between Republicans and Obama over his decision to remove the threat of deportation from about 4 million immigrants living in the country illegally.
Despite the day's drama, 57 Democrats supported the bill, including the party's second-ranking leader, Rep. Steny Hoyer of Maryland, and Florida Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz, who doubles as the chair of the Democratic National Committee.
The outbreak of Democratic bickering left Republicans in the unusual position of bystanders rather than participants with the federal government due to run out of funds at midnight.
Even so, there was no threat of a shutdown in federal services — and no sign of the brinkmanship that marked other, similar episodes. Instead, the House passed a measure providing a 48-hour extension in existing funding to give the Senate time to act on the larger bill.
Said a relieved Speaker John Boehner, "thank you and Merry Christmas."
Hours before the mid-evening final vote, conservatives had sought to torpedo the measure because it would leave Obama's immigration policy unchallenged. Boehner patrolled the noisy, crowded House floor looking for enough GOP converts to keep it afloat.
He found them — after the vote to move ahead on the bill went into overtime — in retiring Rep. Kerry Bentivolio of Michigan as well as Rep. Marlin Stutzman of Indiana.
Even so, Republican defections required Boehner and supporters of the measure to seek Democratic votes for passage. "Remember this bill was put together in a bicameral, bipartisan way," he said. Officials in both parties said Pelosi was fully informed of the bill's contents before it was released to the public, and did not signal her opposition.
If there was political drama in the House, there was something approaching tenderness in the Senate, where several lawmakers are ending their careers. Sen. Tom Coburn, R-Okla., choked up as he delivered a farewell speech from his desk, and Republicans and Democrats alike rose to applaud him.
There was little if any controversy over the spending levels in the $1.1 trillion measure, which provided funding for nearly the entire government through the end of the budget year next Sept. 30. It locked in cuts negotiated in recent years between the White House and a tea party-heavy Republican rank and file.
The only exception is the Department of Homeland Security. It is funded only through Feb. 27, when the specter of a shutdown will be absent and Republicans hope to force the president to roll back an immigration policy that promises work visas to an estimated 5 million immigrants living in the country illegally.
When Congress convenes in January, Republicans will have control of the Senate for the first time in eight years and will hold their strongest majority in the House in more than eight decades.
A provision in the big bill relating to financially failing multi-employer pension plans would allow cuts for current retirees, and supporters said it was part of an effort to prevent a slow-motion collapse of a system that provides retirement income to millions.
"The multi-employer pension system is a ticking time bomb," said Rep. John Kline, R-Minn., who negotiated the agreement privately with Democratic Rep. George Miller of California, who is retiring after 40 years in Congress.
The Pension Benefit Guaranty Corp. estimates that the fund that backs multi-employer plans is about $42.4 billion short of the money needed to cover benefits for plans that have failed or will fail.
Miller said the legislation would give retirees the right to vote in advance whether to enter a restructuring that could cut their benefits. He, Kline and others said the alternative to the legislation might be an even deeper reduction in benefits.
The legislation drew a mixed reaction from unions and the opposition of the AARP, but the White House written statement on the legislation did not mention it as a concern.
The White House did raise objections to a provision that would roll back one of the regulations imposed on the financial industry after the economic near-collapse of 2008, and to a separate element of the bill that would permit wealthy contributors to increase the size of their donations to political parties for national conventions, election recounts or the construction of a headquarters building.
Democrats cited the same issues, but Boehner on Wednesday rejected their request to jettison either or both of the provisions. Republicans noted that 70 members of the Democratic rank and file supported easing the bank regulations on a stand-alone vote in October of last year.
Remarkably, there was relatively little controversy about the spending levels themselves that form the heart of the bill.
___
Associated Press writers Stephen Ohlemacher, Erica Werner, Alan Fram and Charles Babington contributed to this report.

She was at India Gate to protest against Dec 16 rape  says father of UbervictimWritten by Ananya Bhardwaj | New Delhi |
Posted: December 12, 2014 4:01 am | Updated: December 12, 2014 10:09 am
The woman executive who was allegedly raped by an Uber cab driver in Delhi last weekend was one of the thousands of protesters who demonstrated in the capital against the December 16 gangrape nearly two years ago, her father has revealed.
Speaking to The Indian Express, the 27-year-old’s father also said that he used to accompany his daughter to the protests and candle-light marches that followed the gangrape on a moving bus.
“She went to Jantar Mantar, she went to India Gate. She took leave to join the protests as she really felt for the cause. She was very vociferous about it and I remember having discussions on the topic with her. She even roped in her friends to join her,” the father said.
“I was also present at the protests where everyone wore black bands on their foreheads to express their anger,” he added. “I went there every day. I felt for the cause, too. It did not represent any political party or an NGO. It just represented the anger among the general public. Everyone has the right to feel safe.”
The woman’s father — the family stays in Inderlok in North Delhi — also revealed that some politicians had approached police seeking a meeting with his daughter but she has told him she will not meet representatives of any political leader, party or organisation.
“People, these days, are not human beings. They are either a party or an organisation with vested interests. We want to keep away from all of that. My daughter also told me she does not want to speak to or meet anyone. We are fully cooperating with the police for the investigations and it should remain at that,” he said.
The father also praised the police for arresting the accused, Shiv Kumar Yadav, “within 24 hours” and added that he was “completely satisfied” with the investigation.
“Some people told me that it is the police’s job to arrest the accused. But I told them that if someone is doing a fantastic job then they should be appreciated. They arrested the accused within 24 hours and he is behind bars today. All this is because they took so much effort to crack the case,” he said.
“I am completely satisfied with the investigation. It has changed my perception of the police. During the December 16 case, police received a lot of flak, but today I am thankful to them for having given my daughter justice,” he said.

Parliament snippets: Common yardsticksparliament
As the Opposition demanded a discussion on religious conversions immediately in the Lok Sabha on Thursday, Union Minister of State for Parliamentary Affairs Rajiv Pratap Rudy said it meant the Opposition was no longer interested in debating MGNREGA already listed for discussion. Congress Chief Whip in the Lok Sabha Jyotiraditya Scindia replied that historically, Mr. Rudy was right. The House should go by the List of Business. But, he said, in the last and this session, the government arbitrarily changed the business whenever it wanted to, including and deleting items at will. Therefore, he said, there cannot be two yardsticks — one for the government and another for the Opposition.
Aadhaar for MPs
It’s the turn of MPs to enrol for Aadhaar cards. Leading them was Lok Sabha Speaker Sumitra Mahajan, who inaugurated an Aadhaar camp for them in Parliament House and also got herself enrolled. The gathering on the first day of the camp was impressive as several MPs and Ministers availed themselves of this facility. Minister of State for Parliamentary Affairs Rajiv Pratap Rudy, Saugata Roy (Trinamool Congress) and Bhagat Singh Koshiyari (BJP) were seen in the queue. The camp will be functional till December 17.
Mulayam walks down memory lane
Samajwadi Party leader Mulayam Singh walked down memory lane in the Lok Sabha in the middle of heated discussions on conversions. Giving caste as one of the reasons many people had converted in the past, he said his own son, Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav, married outside his caste. His daughter-in-law, Dimple Yadav, was present in the House. Fortunately for her, he diverted the attention of members to himself by saying: “I too married outside my caste after Akhilesh’s mother passed away.”
The Hindi way to victory
The discussion in the Rajya Sabha on agrarian crisis came to be centred on Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s election promise to set the minimum support price of farm produce in a way that ensures 50 per cent profit for farmers over input cost, with members repeatedly quoting the popular Mohammad Rafi-Lata Mangeshkar duet Jo vada kiya, woh nibhana padega (promises have to be kept). Taking this forward, Rajpal Saini (BSP) had a word of advice for Congress members. He said that during the election campaign, Mr. Modi spoke in Hindi, made promises and won. “If you want to reach where the BJP is today, start speaking in Hindi. During WTO discussions in the House in English on Wednesday, whenever I heard the word ‘farmers’ I put on earphones. Understood little else.”

Mexico opens bidding for outsider oil exploration... 
E. EDUARDO CASTILLO | December 11, 2014 05:53 PM EST | Associated Press
MEXICO CITY (AP) — The government announced on Thursday the start of bidding for oil exploration rights in 14 areas of the Gulf of Mexico being opened to domestic and international companies as Mexico ends a seven-decade state monopoly on the petroleum business.
Bidding will continue until July 15. Companies wishing to bid must meet a set of requirements, including showing their participation in at least three exploration projects and oil extraction of at least $1 billion and capital on hand of at least the same amount.
Mexico nationalized its oil industry in 1938. Prior to this year's reforms, the state company Petroleos Mexicanos was the only one allowed to do oil exploration and production.
The parcels up for bid are in shallow water, less than 500 meters (1,640 feet), off the coasts of Veracruz, Tabasco and Campeche states. The areas will be explored through shared production contracts running for 25 years.
Businesses may bid independently or as part of a consortium, but no company can try for more than five blocks. Interested companies will have access for six months to detailed data about each of the parcels through a website.
"Mexico is betting a lot on this audacious opening," said Energy Secretary Pedro Joaquin Coldwell. "For that reason the Mexican government's commitment to transparency is crucial."
Undersecretary of Energy Lourdes Melgar said every contract will include a clause stating that any corrupt practices will lead to cancellation of the deal.
Corruption has cast a long shadow in Mexico since local police in a southern city, allegedly on orders of the mayor, intercepted 43 students from a rural teachers college and turned them over to gang members in late September. The remains of only one have been confirmed, but the government says testimony from people detained in the case indicate they were all slain and their bodies incinerated.
Additionally, cries of a conflict of interest have been aimed at President Enrique Pena Nieto since it was revealed that his wife had bought a mansion from a businessman who had received public contracts. An entity of the same company was also awarded a contract to build a high-speed train, which was subsequently cancelled after the outcry and put out again for bid.
Energy officials said all of the oil contracts will be public to avoid corruption.
Mexico's oil and gas production reached a maximum of 3.4 million barrels a day in 2004. Since then, it has fallen to 2.4 million barrels. The government hopes the opening of the industry will entice foreign firms with access to greater exploration technology and help boost daily production to 3 million barrels by 2018 and 3.5 million by 2025.
Analysts have estimated that investment in the sector could reach $15 billion a year.

Groups sue Wisconsin DNR over air standards... 
TODD RICHMOND | December 11, 2014 05:53 PM EST | Associated Press
MADISON, Wis. (AP) — Two environmental groups filed a lawsuit Thursday accusing Wisconsin pollution regulators of failing to update the state's air quality standards to reflect tighter federal restrictions.
The Midwest Environmental Defense Center Inc. and Clean Wisconsin filed the lawsuit in Dane County Circuit Court. The lawsuit demands a judge declare the state Department of Natural Resources has violated the law, order the updates and put a hold on all pending air permits until the changes are completed.
Clean Wisconsin officials said Wisconsin's lax standards have led to more health problems, including an uptick in asthma among children.
"Air quality enforcement and permitting in Wisconsin continues under outdated, inadequate standards," the group said in a statement. "There are a number of ongoing public health issues in Wisconsin that stress the need for better air quality protection."
The lawsuit alleges that the DNR hasn't updated the state's air standards to reflect tighter restrictions set in 2010 for sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxide by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. The environmental groups also contend the agency hasn't matched tighter restrictions on fine particulate matter the EPA set out in 2012.
Pat Stevens, administrator of the DNR's air division, said the state has been working on the rules but it's been slow going. The process requires the agency to analyze the economic impact of the standards, which takes a "significant" amount of work, he said.
The state's larger sources must abide by the federal standards regardless, Stevens said. Air pollution levels across almost the entire state fall within the EPA's standards, he added.
The only exception is an area near Rhinelander where papermaker Expera Specialty Solutions operates a mill, Stevens said. That area is above the sulfur dioxide minimum but the DNR is working with the company to solve the issue, he said.
"This is all about air quality," Stevens said. "We're meeting the standards."
Expera officials didn't immediately return an email message seeking comment.
Sulfur dioxide is a gas produced from fossil fuel combustion at power plants and other industrial facilities. Extracting metal from ore and burning fuels containing high levels of sulfur can also produce it. The gas has been linked to a number of respiratory ailments, according to the EPA website.
Nitrogen oxide comes from vehicle emissions and contributes to smog. It can cause airway inflammation in people and heightened respiratory problems in asthma sufferers, the website says.
Fine particulate matter is a mix of small particles and liquid droplets made up of acids, organic chemicals, metals, soil or dust particles often found near roads and dusty industries or in smoke from forest fires or power plants. The particles can pass through the throat and nose and enter the lungs, causing health problems, the EPA says.

Spanish news to vanish from Google News globally...and
versions
MADRID (AP) — Google is locking Spanish publishers out of its popular Google News service in response to a new Spanish law that imposes fees for linking to the headlines and news stories on other websites.
The move announced Thursday will reverberate around the globe. Besides closing Google News in Spain, Google Inc. also is blocking reports from Spanish publishers in the more than other 70 other international editions packaged by Google News.
Google News' exile of Spanish publishers begins Dec. 16, a couple weeks before the start of a Spanish intellectual-property law requiring news publishers to be paid for their content, even if they are willing to give it away.
That means people in Latin America, where Spanish news organizations have sought to boost their digital audiences, won't see news from Spain via Google News. Also set to disappear are reports in English from Spanish publishers like Madrid's leading El Pais newspaper.
People who use Google's standard search in Spain and anywhere else around the world will still be able to find articles on their own from Spanish publications, because the law applies only to aggregators and not to individuals who do their own searches outside of Google News.
But the lost access to Google News will likely make it more difficult for people to keep abreast on what it is happening in Spain because they will have to know what to look for instead of having the top stories sorted for them.
Spanish publishers also may lose a valuable source of traffic to their websites. Google says its main search engine and other services generate more than 10 billion monthly clicks that send Web surfers to other news sites throughout the world. Google News accounts for about 10 percent, or 1 billion clicks, of that worldwide volume.
"It is hard to see what value this has achieved for the press in Spain or for Spanish (and Spanish speaking) Internet users," Jeremy Malcolm, an analyst for digital rights group Electronic Frontier Foundation, wrote in a blog post.
This marks the first shutdown of Google News since the service debuted as an experimental project in 2002.
Richard Gingras, head of Google News, said the decision was made "with real sadness" because Google News is "a service that hundreds of millions of users love and trust, including many here in Spain."
Spain's AEDE association, which represents large news publishers, had lobbied for the law nicknamed the "Google Tax" to "effectively protect the rights of citizens and businesses."
The group said it couldn't assess the impact of the lost access to Google News until after the shutdown occurs. A spokesman for El Pais said the newspaper did not plan to comment on Google's action. Publishers of three other large Spanish newspaper groups also declined to comment or didn't respond to inquiries.
Spain's new law is designed to create a new source of revenue for the country's publishers, who, like most of their peers around the world, have been hard hit as more readers and advertisers have abandoned printed editions for digital alternatives during the past decade. The shift has hurt news publishers because digital ads aren't nearly as lucrative as print ads.
But the linking fees could now backfire if the lost access to Google News diminishes the traffic to Spanish news publishers, making it even more difficult for them to sell digital ads.
Alejandro Tourino, a Madrid-based lawyer who specializes in media issues and has worked for The Associated Press on several legal cases, said Spanish news publishers may "have shot themselves out of the market. Time will tell."
Spanish publishers conceivably could make up for some of the traffic likely to be lost from Google News through other outlets, such as Yahoo News, another widely used aggregator. Yahoo declined to comment Thursday on its plans for Yahoo News in Spain next year when the new linking fees begin.
The new law doesn't specify how much publishers will have to be paid by Google or other aggregators. But it mandates the payments even if publishers are willing to waive them in return for the traffic they get from Google News.
"As Google News itself makes no money (we do not show any advertising on the site) this new approach is simply not sustainable," Gingras wrote in a blog.
Even though Google News doesn't display ads, it still helps Google make more money by deepening people's loyalty to its products. The ads that Google distributes through its other services and other websites, including those run by news publishers, account for most of the company's projected revenue of $66 billion this year.
Google News has long irked newspaper publishers and other content providers, who contend the service tramples on copyrights by creating a digital kiosk of headlines and story snippets gathered from other websites.
Google maintains it obeys all copyright laws while sending more people to websites highlighted in its News services. The company also allows publishers to prevent material from being displayed in Google News, an option few websites choose because the service is such an important source of traffic.
After Germany revised its copyright laws last year to allow — but not force — Google News to make royalty payments, Google required publishers there to give their consent for summarizing content. Most did.
___
Liedtke reported from San Francisco.

Public sector banks to make a beeline for stock market after cabinet nodPublic sector banks to make a beeline for stock market after cabinet nod
UN report pegs India s growth at 6.3% in 2016UN report pegs India s growth at 6.3% in 2016
Snapdeal buys gift idea firm WishpickerSnapdeal buys gift idea firm Wishpicker
Adobe to buy stock photo co  posts revenue above StreetAdobe to buy stock photo co  posts revenue above Street
Delhi  Dhaka and a new momentPrime Minister Narendra Modi stated his government’s intention to pursue the Land Boundary Agreement (LBA) with Bangladesh.
Posted: December 11, 2014 12:03 am
Alyssa Ayres
At a public meeting in Assam a few days ago, Prime Minister Narendra Modi stated his government’s intention to pursue the Land Boundary Agreement (LBA) with Bangladesh. This agreement, developed through close negotiations between Indian and Bangladeshi officials, had been announced in September 2011 during the then Prime Minister Manmohan Singh’s visit to Dhaka. Sadly, India’s politics got the best of the bill and it has languished ever since. While resolving the border with Bangladesh may seem like a quiet regional development compared with the turmoil in Afghanistan or competition with China, it will in effect deliver a political hat-trick of historic proportions. By resolving this nearly 70-year-old border dispute, India will be able to advance its trade and security ties with Bangladesh. Doing so will position India and its Northeast as a gateway to Southeast Asia. Importantly, it would demonstrate that Modi’s government can overcome even the highest political hurdle and restore global confidence in India.
By: C R Sasikumar
The border itself, as an article in The Economist noted three years ago, is the “land that maps forgot”. Literal islands of extraterritoriality dot the most complex parts of this border, with around 200 of these patches of land known as “enclaves” dating back to Partition in 1947. It is hard to administer and unfairly deprives citizens of both countries of access to basic services like electricity, transportation and education. For the estimated 50,000 citizens living in these enclaves, regularisation of the territory to create contiguous land will finally allow them lives unimpeded by the anomaly of being engulfed by another country. That will in and of itself deliver humanitarian gains.
Apart from this obvious benefit, resolving this complicated border will advance India’s economic relations with Bangladesh, important for opening up trade and exchange between India’s $2 trillion economy and Bangladesh’s smaller but consistently fast-growing economy. (Bangladesh is one of J.P. Morgan’s “Frontier 5” markets, as well as a Goldman Sachs “Next 11”.) The LBA is but one of several initiatives central to better economic integration: also under discussion or already in the implementation stage are agreements on trade and commerce, including border markets, the sharing of the waters of the Teesta and other rivers, a rail link between Agartala and Akhaura, and trans-shipment of goods across Bangladesh to India’s Northeast.
That’s the trade side. Overcoming the long-pending border dispute will reinforce the strategic interests of New Delhi and Dhaka in partnering more closely on cross-border security challenges, including counter-terrorism, human trafficking and, of course, illegal migration. There has already been a sea-change in Indo-Bangladesh security cooperation with the Awami League government in Dhaka, especially on counter-terrorism, and resolving the border should build further trust between the two countries. Indeed, Modi has presented his interest in the LBA as a step towards continued…

Telescope: And may the loudest winWritten by Shailaja Bajpai |
Posted: December 11, 2014 12:15 am
No one could have been more excited than the reporter from IBN-7. He had just witnessed the unmasking of the Uber taxi driver and alleged rapist of a young woman on Sunday night — and he could not contain himself. As we watched footage of Shiv Kumar Yadav’s face beingrevealed to the public, the reporter recounted the entire sequence of events, from the time the young woman boarded the taxi to the moment Yadav was caught by the police, with the rapidity of a bullet train. Perhaps, he feared he would miss out on his few sound bytes of fame if he didn’t rattle on at such speed.
The one person who could have rivalled his verbal kmph on Monday was lawyer Indira Jaising. On NDTV 24×7’s Left, Right & Centre for her views on the rape case, Jaising spoke more swiftly than a Maruti Swift at high speed in righteous indignation and in order to stall The Indian Express columnist Tavleen Singh from getting in a few words. Both commentators were fairly exasperated with each other’s points of view. Jaising upbraided Uber, Singh countered, “It’s not about one taxi company. It’s about how unsafe it is for women to travel” — and the two didn’t mind making a few personal comments.
Indeed, it has now become customary for anchors and guests to indulge in a free-for-all — and may the loudest man or woman win. On Tuesday, Zakka Jacob, the latest moderator for CNN-IBN at 9 pm, and journalist Anna Vetticad were engaged in a verbal shootout, with Jacob trying to stop Vetticad from making further comments, but she continued regardless. That had Jacob fairly pleading, “Please appreciate I gave you so much time to speak.” On Times Now, which was preoccupied with the IPL scandal still unravelling in the Supreme Court, former Indian Premier League (IPL) chairman Lalit Modi gave as good as he got on Super Prime Time. And more.
Nobody can accuse him of being camera shy, or even modest: “I’m the one who made the IPL happen, you didn’t, [BCCI president N.] Srinivasan didn’t,” he proclaimed. “For God’s sake!” came the reply, but Modi was unperturbed. He blissfully continued on his merry way, accusing Srinivasan of having ruined the IPL — “my baby” — and stoutly refuting all charges that he was in cahoots with others at the BCCI against Srinivasan.
It has also become habitual for BJP leaders or other members of the Sangh Parivar to publicly express their opinions/ wishes as fact. And since the media goes wherever they go, nowadays, we find ourselves learning something new from the idiot box, every day. No less a person than the prime minister has claimed several scientific accomplishments for India before they were known to mankind, that is, plastic surgery and genetic sciences. On Sunday, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj asked for the Gita to be made the “national book” of the country at a continued…

One conversation can change minds on same-sex marriage  study findsBy Sandhya Somashekhar December 11, 2014 Follow @sandhyawp
File: Larry Pascua carries a rainbow flag at a celebration for the U. S. Supreme Court’s rulings on Prop. 8 and the Defense of Marriage Act in the Castro District in San Francisco, on Wednesday, June 26, 2013. (AP Photo/Mathew Sumner)
For David Fleischer, it was a gut-punch when  Proposition 8 , the ballot initiative banning gay marriage, passed in California in 2008. He wondered: What could we do to change people’s minds on this subject?
So through his Leadership LAB at the Los Angeles LGBT Center, he launched an experiment. Every other weekend, he sent canvassers to neighborhoods where Prop 8 had passed by a 2-to-1 margin, from the Latino-heavy neighborhoods of East L.A. to black neighborhoods such as Inglewood to the predominantly white Northeast. The goal was to simply talk with the voters at their doorsteps, as they were walking their dogs or sitting in their cars, and engage them on the subject of same-sex marriage.
The experiment appears to have been a success, according to a  study being published in the journal Science . Support for same-sex marriage jumped eight percentage points among those voters who had a single conversation with a gay canvasser, according to the study. And not only did that support persist a year later, it also trickled over to other members of the household, the study’s authors found.
Prior to the canvass, the 132 voters who spoke with a gay canvasser resembled Nebraskans in terms of their support for same-sex marriage. After the canvass, they looked more like residents of Massachusetts, the study’s lead author Michael J. LaCour said.
Support for same-sex marriage in this group surged even further in 2013, after the  U.S. Supreme Court left in place  a lower court’s ruling striking down Prop 8.
LaCour thinks one reason the approach worked is that the canvassers were not trying to collect signatures or garner votes, but simply change minds. “This was a really great way to test out what is the causal effect of talking to a gay person,” said LaCour, a doctoral student at the University of California at Los Angeles.
Another reason could be that “the mental image that came to mind when they thought of a gay person or lesbian was permanently changed by this conversation,” said Donald P. Green, a Columbia University professor of political science and expert on public opinion research who was co-author of the study.
Green said he, like other social scientists, had previously come to believe that changing people’s minds in this way was “very, very difficult.” Typically, he said, voters changed their opinion about hot-button issues in the moment but “when they return to their previous milieu, it snaps back,” he said.
But these results suggest that meaningful, two-way conversations can go a long way toward shifting people’s views on deeply held subjects, he said.
Will this unleash an enormous canvassing campaign come election time?
Green offered a few cautions. On average, the canvassers spoke with voters for 22 minutes — much longer than the average political canvasser. The results were not long-lasting when the canvasser was straight.
Still, Fleischer believes the results offer hope, not only on issues of importance to gays but for on a host of issues. “We’re able to reduce prejudice in a way that lasts,” he said. “That’s promising.”
In fact, LaCour has already started testing this approach with other issues. He just wrapped up a study that found that voters became more supportive of abortion rights when approached by a canvasser who had personally had an abortion, he said. His next experiment will involve undocumented immigrants.
You can watch a video of Green discussing the study  here .
Sandhya Somashekhar is the social change reporter for the Washington Post.

US crude oil below $60  breaches psychologically-important supportYou are here: Home > Collections
US crude below $60, first time in 5 years, on oversupply fears
Reuters Dec 12, 2014, 12.56AM IST
Tags:
New York Mercantile Exchange
(US crude fell below $60 a…)
US crude futures fell below $60 a barrel on Thursday, the first time in five years that it breached the psychologically-important support, as oil markets extended this week's losses on oversupply concerns.
New York Mercantile Exchange's front-month West Texas Intermediate contract for US crude was down 96 cents at $59.98 a barrel by 2:18 p.m. EST after touching a session low at $59.85. The contract has lost almost 9 per cent this week and roughly 45 per cent from a June high above $107.
FEATURED ARTICLES

CIA director: U.S. spies raised questions about 9/11 intelligence ahead of Iraq WarBy Dan Lamothe December 11, 2014 Follow @danlamothe
CIA Director John Brennan released details about a cable showing that some at the CIA raised questions about intelligence cited in 2003 by President George W. Bush’s administration in the runup to the Iraq War. (AFP PHOTO/MANDEL NGAN)
CIA officials questioned in the run-up to the Iraq War in 2003 whether key intelligence cited by President George W. Bush’s administration as a reason for a military invasion was faulty, according to a newly declassified CIA letter released Thursday by the chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee.
The letter was sent March 13 of this year from CIA Director John Brennan to Sen. Carl Levin, the outgoing committee chairman, and introduced on the Senate floor on Thursday. Brennan confirmed that CIA field operatives “expressed significant concern” whether Muhammad Atta, one of the airliner hijackers in the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, could have met with a former Iraqi intelligence officer, Ahmad Khalil Ibrahim Samir al-Ani, in Prague about five months earlier.
The so-called “Prague connection” was used by the Bush administration as a way of tying the 9/11 attacks to Iraqi President Saddam Hussein. The intelligence has been questioned for years , but the new CIA letter raises anew questions about why the Bush administration took the United States into the Iraq War despite concerns repeatedly being raised by U.S. intelligence officers about whether there was a tie between 9/11 and the Iraqi government.
On March 13, 2003 — less than a week before the U.S. invasion — CIA headquarters received a report from field operatives that questioned whether the “single-source” report about Atta being in Prague could have been true, the new letter by Brennan says.
“In particular, the field noted that while it remained possible that a meeting between Atta and al-Ani took place, investigative records subsequently placed Atta in the United States just before and just after the date on which the single-source report said the meeting was to have occurred, making it unlikely that Atta was in Prague at the time of the alleged meeting,” Brennan wrote.
“The field also warned that both the FBI and CIA had previously told foreign intelligence officials that they observed the ‘identifications’ like the one that was made by the source of the earlier report, during a period of high emotion four months after the September 11 attacks, could be faulty and would require further evidence,” the letter continues. “The field added that, to its knowledge, ‘there is not one [U.S. government counterterrorism] or FBI expert that… has said they have evidence or ‘know’ that [Atta] was indeed [in Prague]. In fact, the analysis has been quite the opposite.”
Brennan said in the new letter that he shared the information at Levin’s request because Americans deserve as full of an understanding as feasible about historical events.
Levin called Thursday for the full declassification of the CIA cable Brennan referenced.
“Earlier this year, Director Brennan wrote to me, refusing, as did his predecessors, to fully declassify the CIA cable,” Levin said. “But in his letter to me he makes public for the first time a few lines from that document. While this is a significant addition to the public record, and I will discuss that in a moment, it is still not the full cable, and I am calling on him to declassify and release the full cable.”
Levin said that Vice President Cheney and others knew that CIA officials questioned whether the Prague meeting could have occurred, but used it as justification for the war, anyway.
“The March 13, 2003, cable is an invaluable record in helping the American people understand how their elected officials conducted themselves in going to war,” Levin said Thursday. “Continuing to cloak this document with a veil of secrecy, revealing a few sentences at a time, allows those who misled the American people to continue escaping the full verdict of history. It deprives the American people of a complete understanding of how we came to invade Iraq.”
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

Dow rally fades as spending bill stallsThursday, 11 Dec 2014 |  4:14  PM ET
CNBC.com
SHARES
CB Exchange: Big rally fades
Oil broke $60 today, and that caused traders to start to sell. The market was up over 200 points and those gains have dropped significantly. With Jim Lowell, Adviser Investments; Phil Blancato, Ladenburg Thalmann; Heather Hughes, SunAmerica Funds; and Erik Ristuben, Russell Investments.
U.S. stocks advanced on Thursday, cutting weekly losses, but euphoria over increased retail sales in November faded as oil fell to another five-year low and renewed worries of a government shutdown.
Stocks finished far off session highs, with Wall Street starting to dial back gains after crude dropped below $60 a barrel, and the pullback escalated amid efforts to block a spending bill in the House , sparking worries of the government closing.
"It's a combination of oil dipping below key support levels and trepidation over Washington's inability to get something accomplished," said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Securities.
Stocks had rallied, with the Dow Jones Industrial Average surging as much as 225 points, after figures from the Commerce Department had retail sales rising 0.7 percent last month, the largest increase in eight months.
"The consumer is absolutely feeling better. Their homes are worth more, their 401ks are worth more, and they are paying less at the gas pump; holiday spending is doing much better than I would have guessed six months ago,"  said Patty Edwards, managing director for investments at U.S. Bank Wealth Management.
"We've been expecting lower gas prices were going to help the consumer, and that is obviously bearing out. On the electronics side, people are buying gadgets. The other thing I've been saying is that people are staying in their homes, and spending at big-box home-improvement retailers," Edwards added.
"Retail sales are driving things, they were very strong," said Chris Gaffney, senior market strategist at EverBank Wealth Management.
"This movement today to me crystallizes that investors are starting to believe that the equity market can stand on its own, that it's not necessarily dependent on the Fed," Gaffney added of the Federal Reserve, and concerns about what would occur once the U.S. central bank begins raising benchmark interest rates.
After the stronger-than-expected retail report, the National Retail Federation told CNBC its forecast "is right on track" for a 4.1 percent sales growth this holiday season.
"The lower oil prices are good for the global economy. It's not good for the energy sector, down nearly 15 percent year to date, and that is a drag on the broader market, but lower gas prices are good for the consumer. A second thing it does is keep inflation expectations lower, which gives the Fed more room to keep rates lower for longer," said Gaffney.
Separately, the Labor Department reported fewer Americans filed unemployment claims last week.
Symbol

What to watch Fridaywhat to watch friday
FPL breaks ground on Manatee Education Center in Riviera BeachFPL breaks ground on Manatee Education Center in Riviera Beach
India has it what it takes to launch its own National Health Service. But will itReforms and right steps towards universal health coverage can prove transformative for India
New York Times Dec 12, 2014, 04.28AM IST
Tags:
(It spends just over 1% of…)
By Lawrence H Summers
India has made extraordinary economic progress over the last few decades. Progress on human development, however, has not kept pace with its economic development.
While progress has been visible on health outcomes, with a 60 % reduction in child mortality and a twothird reduction in maternal mortality, the country continues to reflect some of the world's poorest health statistics. India reflects among the highest number of infant deaths: 48 per 1,000 live births, which is three times that of China and four times that of Thailand or Sri Lanka.
It spends just over 1% of its GDP on publicly-funded healthcare, and almost 7 in 10 people pay for their own healthcare, with 60 million Indians pushed into poverty every year as a result. In comparison, China's public health investments in 2011 were 2.9 % of GDP and Brazil's 4.1 %.
The Narendra Modi government has promised to turn these statistics around with several reforms in the pipeline. It has been designing a National Health Assurance Mission aimed at providing affordable healthcare to all citizens. While conversations are underway on universal health coverage (UHC), there is inadequate clarity as yet on which diseases it will prioritise, or how much it will spend on public health.
If the reforms are to have a real impact, three lessons laid out in the Global Health 2035 report must be kept in mind:
India will have to increase its domestic health investments:
Currently, the government spends around $20 billion each year on health. This could be doubled to about $45 billion per year. And if the additional investments were spent on the highest impact interventions, India could achieve a "grand convergence" in global health. Which means India's rates of avertable infectious, maternal and child deaths could plummet to those seen in the bestperforming middle income countries like Chile, China, Cuba, or Costa Rica, or 'the 4C countries'.
  To reach 4C levels, India needs to:
..Expand use of current medicines, vaccines and diagnostic tests..Build delivery systems that can efficiently distribute these life-saving tools..Ensure that new health technologies are used widely when they become available
The areas that will require the largest investments are maternal, newborn and child health; immunisations; aggressive malaria control; and health systems-strengthening. Since child death rates in India are higher in rural than urban areas, it will be particularly important to reach the rural poor.
Tackling drug-resistant tuberculosis must be another priority. The public health impacts would be profound — with investments to achieve convergence, around one million deaths, including 660,000 child deaths, would be averted each year from 2035 onwards.
And the economic payoff would be enormous. From now until 2035, for every dollar that India invests in achieving convergence, there would be a return of around $10. In financial markets, investments with foreseeable returns of 10 to 1 over reasonable time horizons simply do not exist.
Address the growing challenge of non-communicable diseases (NCDs):
Research by the World Economic Forum and Harvard University suggests that unless India takes concerted action to turn the tide on NCDs such as heart and lung disease, it stands to lose $4.6 trillion before 2030.
The Global Health 2035 report found that innovative fiscal policies - taxing alcohol, sugar and all forms of tobacco and reducing fossil fuel subsidies - could be a powerful lever for curbing NCDs and raising new revenues for health.
A recent study led by Sanjay Basu at Stanford University concluded that tobacco taxation would be a potent measure to avert future cardiovascular deaths in India. If India increased the price of tobacco by 50% through a tax, this would prevent 4 million deaths and generate $2 billion in revenue annually over the next 50 years.
India has to expand the right health insurance coverage:
As we celebrate Universal Health Coverage (UCH) Day, it is encouraging to see that Prime Minister Modi wants to expand health insurance coverage. But choosing the right pathway towards UHC will be critical.
The Global Health 2035 report examined various approaches to expanding insurance, including publicly-financed 'pro-poor' insurance schemes, catastrophic coverage and private insurance. The report found that the pro-poor schemes would yield the highest health gains per dollar spent while ensuring that the poorest gain the most in terms of health and financial protection.
These pro-poor schemes initially focus on ensuring that everyone receives high-quality primary care. They benefit the poor because they are disproportionately affected by these health problems.
Once everyone in India is covered with primary care, these schemes then expand to cover higher cost services. With the right health investments today, by 2035 India could rise to become among the 'best-performing' middle income countries in the world.
(The writer is Professor, Harvard University, and former economic advisor to President Barack Obama)
FEATURED ARTICLES

FIR against Kerala Minister K.M. Mani in bribery caseUpdated: December 12, 2014 05:46 IST
FIR against Kerala Minister K.M. Mani in bribery case
Special Correspondent
Kerala Finance Minister, K.M Mani. Photo: Shiv Kumar Pushpakar
TOPICS
corruption & bribery
The Vigilance and Anti-Corruption Bureau (VACB) on Thursday booked Minister for Finance, Law and Housing, K.M. Mani, in what has come to be known as the “bar licence renewal bribery case.”
In its First Information Report (FIR) filed in the Vigilance Court here, the VACB said the alleged offence against Mr. Mani was that he demanded “Rs. 5 crore as illegal gratification to facilitate the renewal of bar licences and obtained Rs. 1 crore from the office-bearers of the Kerala Bar Hotel Association (KBHA) during the period between March 20 and April 3, 2014.” The places of occurrence of the alleged crime were the Minister’s home in Pala and his official residence in the capital.
The FIR said Mr. Mani, a public servant, “abused his official position and thereby committed criminal misconduct” under sections 7 and 13 of the Prevention of Corruption Act.
The VACB had examined some of the hoteliers who allegedly contributed and subsequently “handed over the bribe money” to Mr. Mani. Some said they were present when the bribe was handed over. Others said they had contributed to the bribe amount knowing it was intended for the Minister. Another “relevant witness deposed” that he had witnessed the “handing over of the money” to Mr. Mani.
The FIR said the minutes of the KBHA meeting “bolster the allegations in this case.”
From the evidence collected so far, it appeared that the amount was handed over to the accused at his residence over three occasions, the FIR said.

Separate chairmen  MDs for PSU banksSeparate chairmen  MDs for PSU banks
FOREX-Dollar bulls emerge after upbeat retail data  China nextFOREX-Dollar bulls emerge after upbeat retail data  China next
Uber vows to improve driver verification; PM Modi seeks info on banUber vows to improve driver verification; PM Modi seeks info on ban
Wall Street bounces after 3-day slump; off day s highs as oil fallswall street bounces after 3-day slump; off day s highs as oil falls
Ivory Coast set to lead cocoa processingIvory Coast set to lead cocoa processing
Emiko Terazono
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/736d4f40-7967-11e4-9567-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Coffee prices rally as Vietnam crop fallsCoffee prices rally as Vietnam crop disappoints
Emiko Terazono
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8a6488c6-73d1-11e4-92bc-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Coffee price rise tests consumer appetiteCoffee price rise tests consumer appetite
Emiko Terazono
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a138c386-6f45-11e4-8d86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Emerging problem of foreign currency debtThe emerging problem of foreign currency debt
The BIS issues a timely warning about exchange mismatches
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4facbbb2-7ed1-11e4-a828-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Oil and dollar hammer emerging marketsOil and dollar hammer emerging markets
Elaine Moore, Robin Wigglesworth and Alice Ross
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f143bef2-7ed7-11e4-b83e-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

When cheap oil is bad for youShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
When cheap oil is bad for you
Dec 9, 2014 : Crude oil prices fell again, bringing stock markets down and bond prices up. John Authers suggests investors are nervous that the sell-off may be driven by weak demand, as well as strong supply - and finds the winners and losers.
Credits: Produced and edited by Paolo Pascual.

Sikka on stake sale by Infy foundersSikka on stake sale by Infy founders
Our Bureau
Vishal Sikka
Bengaluru, December 9:  
Vishal Sikka, CEO of Infosys, released a statement late on Monday on the stake sale by the Infosys founders. Stating that the founders have already released a detailed statement on sale of a part of their shareholding, he said they continue to be among the largest retail shareholders in the company. “They have reiterated their commitment to the future of the company and reinforced their belief in and support of its leadership. As I have always said, the founders have left an indelible legacy and culture in this iconic company and I respect and trust their decision of contributing towards philanthropic activities and entrepreneurship and other initiatives. In fact, contributing to the greater good is something close to the company's heart; I am looking forward to further strengthening and reinforcing this area. So, in that sense again this action by them is aligned with the company’s values,” added Sikka. Our Bureau
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

New editor brings new style to BloombergNew editor brings new style to Bloomberg
Henry Mance
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b9ae895c-7fd3-11e4-acf3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Commodity drop heralds Christmas table joyCommodity slump brings Christmas cheer to the table
Emiko Terazono
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/48f36452-7ec6-11e4-b83e-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Oil price plunge means survival of fittestOil price plunge means survival of fittest
Anjli Raval, Oil and Gas Correspondent
Crude at $70 puts at least 1.5m b/d of projects for 2016 at risk
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/51cc00ba-7f85-11e4-86ee-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Dollar rise set to harm emerging marketsRising dollar set to harm emerging markets
By Alan Beattie and Jonathan Wheatley in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d152b624-8063-11e4-872b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

This Is Who Millionaires Want for Presidentthis is who millionaires want for president
Instagram hits 300m monthly usersInstagram hits 300m monthly users to take it ahead of Twitter
Hannah Kuchler in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3810a24c-8085-11e4-9907-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Land deals boost Bahrain royals wealthDisputed land development boosts wealth of Bahrain royals
By Cynthia O’Murchu in London and Simeon Kerr in Dubai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/51943274-73fb-11e4-b444-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Oil below $65 for first time in 5 yearsOil price falls below $65 for first time in 5 years
Anjli Raval, Chris Adams and Ed Crooks
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a792da2c-8067-11e4-9907-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bahrain land deals put focus on ownershipBahrain land deals highlight alchemy of making money from sand
Cynthia O’Murchu in London and Simeon Kerr in Dubai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b6d081a2-74b8-11e4-8321-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

2014 is not 2011 in reverseCardiff Garcia
Cardiff writes mostly about US macroeconomic issues, with daily excursions into other topics about which he claim no expertise. Before Alphaville, Cardiff spent a little more than two years as a reporter at Dow Jones Financial News covering investment banking, asset management, and private equity. Along the way he has written freelance pieces on a variety of other topics from behavioural psychology to Muay Thai, the latter also being a personal interest that involves frequently getting kicked in the shins (and torso, and head).

CIA shielded from damning torture reportCIA shielded from damning report on interrogation methods
Geoff Dyer in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/54e2531e-8091-11e4-b5cf-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Instagram targets marketers beyond the USInstagram targets marketers beyond the US
By Hannah Kuchler in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0ab9e258-eff9-11e3-9b4c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Fashion world sashays to Instagram© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d20c1bbc-d156-11e3-81e0-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Yen continues its gains against dollarYen continues its gains against dollar
Alice Ross
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d80aa58e-808c-11e4-b5cf-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Lending Club valued at $5.4bn in IPOLending Club valued at $5.4bn in IPO
Tracy Alloway, Eric Platt and Arash Massoudi in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/261f046e-80b9-11e4-b5cf-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Jorge Ramos Battles Obama Over Immigrationreddit
President Barack Obama and Fusion anchor Jorge Ramos went head-to-head on Tuesday over the deportation of millions of undocumented immigrants in the years leading up to the president's recent decision to excercise executive action on immigration policy.
The debate heated up when Ramos asked why, if the president believed he had always possessed the authority to use executive powers, he had not done so sooner. The anchor implied that Obama might have flip-flopped on the issue of immigration.
"You always had the legal authority to stop deportations, then why did you deport two million people?" Ramos asked, adding, after Obama protested, that he had "destroyed many families" and that they referred to him as "deporter-in-chief."
"You called me deporter-in-chief," Obama shot back.
The president also accused Ramos of suggesting that there was a "simple" and "quick" solution to the problem -- a charge Ramos denied -- and challenged the anchor to present clearly to his viewers the information regarding immigration policy.
"When you present it in that way, it does a disservice, because it makes the assumption that the political process is one that can easily be moved around, depending on the will of one person and that’s now how things work," Obama said. "So the question I have for you, Jorge, because you’re going to have a big voice, is are you going to do a good job in, now that we’ve taken these actions, making sure that people understand what their opportunities are, how we can take advantage of it, and how we can build to make sure that going forward."
Ramos, who was born in Mexico City and immigrated to the U.S. after coming to the country as a student in 1983, has long been one of the most outspoken supporters of immigration reform in America. This July, as the nation was in the process of deporting thousands of children fleeing violence-stricken countries in Central America, Ramos came to their defense in a powerful speech admonishing GOP leadership. Winner of the 2014 Burton Benjamin Memorial Award for "lifetime achievement in defending press freedom," he has spoken out about the importance for journalists to challenge presidents and " annoy those in power ."
More:

Investec sorry for I cant breathe noteInvestec apologises for ‘I can’t breathe’ headline on research note
Martin Arnold in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/98c14d3c-806f-11e4-9907-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bank of Korea holds rates at 2%Any questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Stevia adds spice to sugar fat debateStevia adds spice to sugar ‘fat’ debate
Emiko Terazono
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e84d16fc-6327-11e4-9a79-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India plans $26bn bank stake saleIndia plans $26bn sale of stakes in banks
James Crabtree in Mumbai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0c41cff8-80ec-11e4-b5cf-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Business calls for greater say in climate talksBusiness calls for greater say in climate talks
Pilita Clark in Lima
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a422ac14-8021-11e4-acf3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Aussie dollar and yen take centre stageAustralian dollar and yen take centre stage
Jamie Chisholm
Central banks to influence fate of Asian currencies
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/69aea2c2-7941-11e4-9567-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Explaining Bahrains land reclamation controversyShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Explaining Bahrain's land reclamation controversy
Dec 10, 2014 : As Bahrain continues to expand through land reclamation, critics say the ruling elite is benefiting from land deals.

Google shuts news service in SpainGoogle makes shifts from Spain and Russia
Thomas Hale in Madrid, Murad Ahmed in London, Alex Barker and Duncan Robinson in Brussels
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/dc875aca-8100-11e4-896c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Qataris appoint Ken Costa to Songbird boardQataris appoint Ken Costa to Songbird Estates board
Claer Barrett, Kate Allen and Arash Massoudi
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8ab1dadc-8104-11e4-896c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

London should break free from EnglandLondon should break free from Little England
Philip Stephens
The M25 orbital motorway would be a ready-made border
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d2ce2e5a-7fb1-11e4-adff-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Currencys rise threatens emerging marketsRising dollar set to harm emerging markets
By Alan Beattie and Jonathan Wheatley in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d152b624-8063-11e4-872b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Depth of reconciliation in Gulf questionedRelief felt in western capitals as Qatar comes in from the cold
Roula Khalaf in London
High-level truce may fail to end ill will at community level
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bcd588fc-812b-11e4-896c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

U.S. household net worth falls for first time since 2011U.S. household net worth falls for first time since 2011
Mortgage
Vstock, Getty ImagesTetra images RF
Vstock, Getty ImagesTetra images RF
Reuters
Credit and Debt
The net worth of U.S. households fell in the third quarter for the first time in three years, hit by a fall in the value of their stock holdings and rising debts, giving mixed signals on the outlook for consumer spending.
0
But it breaks a long uninterrupted chain of gains that many economists say have gradually made U.S. consumers more willing to spend their cash. Many economists think consumers spend a few cents out of every dollar that their net worth increases.
The last time net worth declined was in the third quarter of 2011.
Some of the decline in net worth was fed by a rise in debts, with Americans borrowing more to buy houses. The consumer credit category, which tracks loans to buy cars and student loans as well as credit card borrowing, also rose. This is probably good for economic growth, at least in the short term.
But the value of household assets fell, which is less supportive for growth. This appeared to be driven by a dip in the value of corporate stocks held by households, even though the S&P stock index gained slightly during the third quarter.
(Reporting by Jason Lange; Editing by Andrea Ricci)

31 dead in double bombing in Nigeria s Jos cityYou are here: Home > Collections > Nigerian
Blasts kill at least 40 in Nigerian city of Jos
Reuters Dec 12, 2014, 12.19AM IST
Tags:
Jonah Jang
("The bodies recovered so…)
JOS/NIGERIA: Two bombs exploded near a bus station in the central Nigerian city of Jos on Thursday evening, witnesses said, the second one killing at least 40 people.
Casualties from the first blast could not immediately be ascertained and Nigerian security sources could not immediately be reached for comment.
Bomb blasts that bore the hallmarks of Islamist Boko Haram militants killed 118 people in the same area of Jos in May.
"I saw a flash of light and heard a loud boom. Afterwards there was debris everywhere and mutilated bodies," witness Tanko Mohammed said of the blast in Jos's commercial Terminus district. A Reuters reporter counted 11 bodies at one bomb site and 29 at the other.
Boko Haram is a Sunni jihadist movement that has been waging a five-year insurgency to establish an Islamist state in the northeast of the country.
President Goodluck Jonathan declared a state of emergency in three northeastern states last year. The number of attacks has risen sharply since then, in the run-up to elections in February 2015.
The latest blasts came as both Jonathan's ruling party and the main opposition coalition agreed on candidates to contest the elections, in which security is likely to be a major campaign issue. Former military ruler Muhammadu Buhari will be challenging Jonathan at the polls for the second time.
FEATURED ARTICLES

GM to invest $5 bn in Mexico: Economy MinisterErnesto Hernandez
("With this investment,…)
MEXICO CITY: General Motors will invest $5 billion in Mexico to double its production capacity at its plants around the country, Mexican Economy Minister Ildefonso Guajardo said on Thursday.
"With this investment, General Motors will double its production capacity of vehicles, engines and transmissions," Guajardo said in Mexico City.
The investment would be made through 2018, said General Motors chief executive in Mexico, Ernesto Hernandez .
FEATURED ARTICLES

Protesting racial injustice while whiteBy Abby Phillip December 11, 2014 Follow @abbydphillip
Two protesters stand on an overpass during a march in Berkeley, Calif., on Tuesday. (Stephen Lam/Reuters)
Jason Wallach tries to have patience.
He doesn’t understand what it’s like to have mostly white friends, or what it’s like to not believe that racial injustice still exists, or how anyone could not be angry about the treatment of black people in America.
Jason Wallach is white.
“I actually have to swallow my pride and say, ‘You know what, sometimes it’s embarrassing,’” he told The Washington Post this week. “The ignorance that some white folks show in their attitude is embarrassing to me, and it makes me want to distance myself.
“For me, at a certain point, I realize that I have to have patience and recognize that for some folks it’s going to be a process of developing understanding and empathy of inequality and of injustice in our society.”
Demonstrators hold signs during a protest at the Federal Courthouse in Oakland, Calif. (Reuters/Robert Galbraith)
Hours earlier on Wednesday, Wallach and about 50 other white people, many of them women, tried to shut down a federal building in Oakland. Chanting “white silence equals violence” and “black lives matter,” they blocked the front and back entrances to the building.
The idea was born out of a desire to contribute to the growing national conversation around race sparked by the decision of grand juries in Missouri and New York not to indict white police officers in the deaths of two unarmed black men.
Michael Brown, an unarmed teen, was shot to death in Ferguson, Mo., during an August confrontation with officer Darren Wilson. Eric Garner died after New York police officer Daniel Pantaleo appeared to use a chokehold during an arrest attempt in Staten Island.
Wallach, who lives in Northern California, explained that he and other white protesters wanted to “distribute the discomfort” felt by African Americans across the country and to send a message to white people just like them.
“The way that these things work, you have to put it on everyone’s plate even if they don’t want to eat it,” Wallach said.
White support for black human and civil rights in America is not new, but the outcry over the Ferguson shooting in particular has been predictably split along racial lines. Black people believe the case points to a systemic problem with justice in America, while many white people don’t.
In fact, white Americans’ confidence in law enforcement has gone up; for black Americans, that confidence has stagnated or fallen from already low levels. And a recent poll found that 58 percent of white people approved of the recent grand jury decision in Ferguson compared with just 9 percent of blacks.
But in the San Francisco Bay area, images of street protests night after night in Berkeley suggest that many non-blacks have taken on the cause, in spite of that racial polarization.
The racial gulf may be wide, but there are people trying to change that. That’s true even in a place like conservative Knoxville, Tenn., where Pam McMichael has been participating in Ferguson-related protests for months and has recently been in the streets protesting the Garner grand jury decision, too.
Protesters raise their hands as they chant “Hands Up! Don’t Shoot!” under Interstate 80 during a protest in Berkeley, Calif., on Monday. (Jeff Chiu/AP)
McMichael is the co-founder of Showing up for Racial Justice , a group that’s trying to create a network of white people organizing around racial justice. In the Knoxville community, she said, she has encountered some resistance to the idea that the use of excessive force by law enforcement disproportionately affects black people.
“It ranges, some say why are we saying black lives matter, all lives matter,” McMichael said in a telephone interview. “I think that sometimes people, depending on which news outlets they watch, buy into that. Some people have a sense that law and order is always right and that if someone gets hurt by law and order, it’s because they did something wrong.”
There are also the people who are frustrated that protests have interfered with their holiday spirit, she said.
“‘Do you have to do this during the Christmas parade?’” McMichaels recalls someone asking recently, as a protest was staged near a holiday parade. “Well yes, it can’t be business as usual.”
In Bend, Ore., where the population is less than 1 percent black, some people are wary of plans to host a march through downtown on Saturday, according to one of the organizers, Ron Werner.
“Folks are just worried, because whenever you make a public stand for something, conflict has come up,” said Werner, who is a member of the pastoral team of two Bend congregations. “Politics can get involved. There’s a level of maybe anxiety.”
The Oregon event is being planned by a group of clergy from different denominations and faiths, which is something Werner said he can’t recall ever happening in that town before.
“There are people who disagree with the protests and what I’ve seen more is people who I think have gotten caught in an either or — you’re either for police officers and grand juries or you’re for people of color or black people specifically,” Werner said.
“What we’re trying to do is say that it’s not an either or piece, but it’s a time for us to consider our own racial privilege,” he added.
The show of solidarity is not without potential pitfalls, however. Just this week, a white woman planning a candlelight vigil in Oakland faced intense backlash when she proposed inviting the Oakland Police Department to the event. She had not consulted with black-led organizations or leaders.
“This is an example of why white people need to check their s–t,” said Wallah, who opposed the event. “And make sure that what we do is in line with the black liberation work that’s been done so far.”
He added: “We’re not going to try to pretend that we’re somebody in this drama that we’re not. We’ve got to assume the role that society kind of defines for us in this white supremacist system. And that’s the role of the privileged. We can’t pretend that we’re the unprivileged at the same time.”
Werner said that his group would not use the slogans “hands up don’t shoot” or “I can’t breathe,” which have been embraced by African-American protesters and other, more diverse groups of demonstrators in other cities. Those statements, he said, describe an experience unique to black people in America.
“For white people to carry those signs – and this is something that we’ve learned from our black friends and black leaders – it’s not authentic,” Werner explained. “We may feel that way momentarily but at the end of the day for white people of privilege, if the march doesn’t work out we can stop marching and stop talking about it.
“To hold a sign that says ‘I can’t breathe’ would be disingenuous. That’s something that protesters are learning.”
In Bend, Knoxville and the Bay Area, many protesters are new to the cause. Wallach, who has been active in social justice circles for years, said getting it right requires education, since even the well-meaning can make mistakes.
“The challenges I have teaching white folks about racial injustice in this country are nothing compared to actually living that on a daily basis,” Wallach said. “So my job is really is to just go ahead and do it.”
A man chants toward a line of police officers during a demonstration against the New York City grand jury decision to not indict in the death of Eric Garner, in Oakland, Calif., on Dec. 3. (Reuters/Stephen Lam)
California Highway Patrol officers block protesters from a freeway entrance in Berkeley, Calif., on Monday. (Jeff Chiu/AP)
A protester stands in front of a line of California Highway Patrol officers on Monday in Berkeley, Calif. (Justin Sullivan/Getty Images)
Protesters clash with members of the California Highway Patrol in Berkeley, Calif., on Monday. (Stephen Lam/Reuters)
Protesters and police officers face off on a pedestrian bridge over Interstate 80 shortly after protesters shut down traffic in both directions on Monday. (Noah Berger/AP)
A woman carries her dog as police try to remove protesters, from a footbridge in Berkeley, Calif., on Monday. (Noah Berger/AP)
Protesters yell at police officers in Berkeley, Calif., on Saturday. (Noah Berger/Reuters)
Medics tend to an injured protester after he was hit in the head while attempting to stop others from vandalizing a Radio Shack during a march in Berkeley, Calif., on Sunday. (Stephen Lam/Reuters)
Police officers scuffle with protesters in Berkeley, Calif., on Saturday. (Noah Berger/Reuters)
Protesters carry a fellow demonstrator as police officers deploy tear gas in Berkeley, Calif., on Sunday. (Noah Berger/Reuters)
Abby Phillip is a general assignment national reporter for the Washington Post. She can be reached at abby.phillip@washpost.com . On Twitter: @abbydphillip

Cell phones exempt from the automobile search exception  Ninth Circuit rulesBy Orin Kerr December 11, 2014
With law school exam season finishing up, here’s a new Fourth Amendment decision with facts that seem straight from a law school exam: United States v. Camou , authored by Judge Pregerson. In the new decision, the Ninth Circuit suppressed evidence from a 2009 search of a cell phone taken from a car incident to arrest at the border. The new ruling might not be the final word in the case. But the court does decide an important question along the way: The Ninth Circuit rules that if the police have probable cause to search a car under the automobile exception, they can’t search cell phones found in the car.
I. The Facts
In 2009, officers arrested Camou at a border inspection checkpoint for hiding an undocumented immigrant in his truck. Minutes after the arrest, Camou’s phone rang several times from a number known to be from one of Camou’s co-conspirators. When Camou invoked his right to remain silent, officers decided to search the phone for evidence without a warrant. The phone search occurred 80 minutes after Camou’s arrest. The officer who searched the phone first searched through the call logs, then turned to the videos and photos. The officer scrolled through about 170 photos and saw that about 30 to 40 were child pornography. The officer stopped looking through the phone at that point and alerted authorities about the child pornography. Four days later, a warrant was obtained to search the cell phone for images of child pornography, leading to child porn charges against Camou.
The issue before the court is whether to suppress the fruits of the initial warrantless phone search as a violation of the Fourth Amendment. The Ninth Circuit rules that the cell phone search violated the Fourth Amendment and that the evidence must be suppressed.
II. The Ruling
Judge Pregerson’s analysis has five steps.
First, the search cannot be justified as a search incident to arrest because it occurred too late after the arrest and after too many intervening events had occurred. Eighty minutes had elapsed, and Camou and his co-defendants had been arrested, processed, and brought to interview rooms. According to Pregerson, that made the search too far removed from the initial arrest for the search-incident-to-arrest exception to apply.
Second, the exigent circumstances doctrine cannot apply because Riley v. California establishes that exigent circumstances generally won’t justify a cell phone search — and in any event, the scope of the search went beyond the exigency.
Third, the automobile exception cannot apply because the automobile exception does not apply to cell phones. This is an important legal ruling. Here, the Ninth Circuit extends the “cell phones are different” rationale of Riley to the context of automobile searches. This is an interesting and unsettled question I blogged about before , so it’s worth pausing to give a taste of Pregerson’s reasoning:
Given the Court’s extensive analysis of cell phones as “containers” and cell phone searches in the vehicle context, we find no reason not to extend the reasoning in Riley from the search incident to arrest exception to the vehicle exception. Just as “[c]ell phones differ in both a quantitative and a qualitative sense from other objects that might be kept on an arrestee’s person,” so too do cell phones differ from any other object officers might find in a vehicle. Id. at 2489. Today’s cell phones are unlike any of the container examples the Supreme Court has provided in the vehicle context. Whereas luggage, boxes, bags, clothing, lunch buckets, orange crates, wrapped packages, glove compartments, and locked trunks are capable of physically “holding another object,” see Belton, 453 U.S. at 460 n.4, “[m]odern cell phones, as a category, implicate privacy concerns far beyond those implicated by the search of a cigarette pack, a wallet, or a purse,” Riley, 134 S. Ct. at 2488–89. In fact, “a cell phone search would typically expose to the government far more than the most exhaustive search of a house.” Id. at 2491 (emphasis in original).
Under this rule, as I understand it, if officers have probable cause to believe that there is evidence in a car, they can search the car without a warrant and open all containers inside. But if they come across a cell phone, they need to get a warrant to search it: The cell phone is not a “container” that can be searched under the automobile exception.
Fourth, the Ninth Circuit rules that the inevitable discovery exception does not apply.
Fifth, the Ninth Circuit rules that the good-faith exception does not apply. Here’s Judge Pregerson:
The governing law at the time of the search made clear that a search incident to arrest had to be contemporaneous with the arrest. See, e.g., United States v. Hudson, 100 F.3d 409, 1419 (9th Cir. 1996). The government has not met its burden to prove that a reasonably well-trained officer in Agent Walla’s position could have believed that the search of Camou’s cell phone one hour and 20 minutes after Camou’s arrest was lawful. The government does not advance any arguments except that in searching the phone Agent Walla was not acting “through ‘reckless or deliberate’ officer misconduct,” and that Herring controls. . . .
The Supreme Court has never applied the good faith exception to excuse an officer who was negligent himself, and whose negligence directly led to the violation of the defendant’s constitutional rights. [FN3: In fact, because “objectively reasonable” and “negligent” are mutually exclusive, the only way to reconcile the “objectively reasonable reliance” rule established in Leon with Herring is to conclude that the officer who executed the unconstitutional search or seizure cannot have been the negligent actor. Herring should be read as holding instead that when an officer reasonably relies on incorrect information that was the result of another individual’s “isolated” and “attenuated” negligence, the good faith exception applies.] Here, the government fails to assert that Agent Walla relied on anyone or anything in conducting his search of Camou’s cell phone, let alone that any reliance was reasonable. The government instead only asserts that by searching the phone, Agent Walla was not acting “recklessly[,] or deliberately” misbehaving. In this case, the good faith exception cannot apply.
III. My Analysis
There’s a lot packed into this opinion. Here are just a few thoughts on it.
First, the question of how much time can elapse before a search is allowed incident to arrest was fully briefed before the Supreme Court but not decided in Riley, where a cell-phone search occurred several hours after the arrest. I haven’t looked closely at the Ninth Circuit’s cases to say whether Judge Pregerson applied Ninth Circuit precedents accurately, but there appears to be caselaw in other circuits that takes a contrary view. See, e.g., United States v. Baldwin, 644 F.2d 381, 384 (5th Cir. 1981) (search of wallet several hours after arrest is a valid search incident to arrest). I don’t know if the issue is important enough to grab the SG’s attention in light of Riley, but it seems like there’s a split on the broad issue of the timing of searches incident to arrest.
Second, the extension of Riley to the automobile exception is an important doctrinal development.
Third, the Ninth Circuit’s approach to the good-faith exception strikes me as odd. First, the Ninth Circuit’s standard seems to be a combination of Herring and Davis, without ever citing Davis. To the extent the issue is the Davis question of relying on the state of the law at the time of the search, I don’t know why the Ninth Circuit focuses on the time aspect of the the search incident to arrest exception. Even assuming that a reasonable officer would have known that he couldn’t rely on that exception, how could the reasonable officer know that the automobile exception wouldn’t apply? The first ruling that a cell phone found in a car can’t be searched under the automobile exception is the Ninth Circuit’s opinion. As far as I know, no court had even mentioned the issue at the time this cell phone search occurred. See my post from 2009, just a few weeks after the search, here/a>.
Fourth, I wonder why the border search exception wasn’t discussed in this case. Maybe the government decided that there were so many other warrant exceptions in play that it was confusing to add one more? Alternatively, maybe there’s a reason it doesn’t apply that I’m just missing.
Orin Kerr is the Fred C. Stevenson Research Professor at The George Washington University Law School, where he has taught since 2001. He teaches and writes in the area of criminal procedure and computer crime law.

Our taxis are safe for women in Goa  claims NGTTOA chiefOur taxis are safe for women in Goa  claims NGTTOA chief
Wall Street bounces after three-day slump; off day s highs as oil fallsWall Street bounces after three-day slump; off day s highs as oil falls
Snapdeal buys gift e-tailer WishpickerSnapdeal buys gift e-tailer Wishpicker
Oil closes below $60  1st time since July 2009Oil closes below $60  1st time since July 2009
One big concern about FacebookTip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more...
Fri 2 Jan, 2015, 7:10 PM IST - India Markets closed
One big concern about Facebook and China
By Brian S. Hall | CNBC –  Wed 10 Dec, 2014 11:59 PM IST
Getty Images
>
Can I really be the only writer covering Silicon Valley who is acutely troubled by Mark Zuckerberg's rather sycophant hosting of China's cyberspace czar, Lu Wei?
Lu was in Silicon Valley last week and met with Mark Zuckerberg of Facebook ( FB ), Tim Cook of Apple ( AAPL ) and Jeff Bezos of Amazon ( AMZN ). Known colloquially as China's Internet regulator, Lu Wei's rather imposing title is: Chairman of State Internet Information Office, Vice-Chairman of State Council Information Office.
We do not have the full details of what was discussed at Facebook HQ. We did learn that Zuckerberg greeted Lu in Mandarin and that the Facebook founder keeps a copy of Chinese President Xi Jinxing's book on his desk. The book is appropriately titled "The Governance of China."
These acts may not be just for show. As USA Today noted following the meeting with Lu, "Mark Zuckerberg is plowing through the speeches of China's Communist Party chief and forcing colleagues do the same."
It gets worse.
Zuckerberg apparently told Lu that he wants his chiefs to "understand socialism with Chinese characteristics."
What might these characteristics be, at least where Facebook and the Internet are concerned? Some are no doubt quite good. For example, in a 2013 speech entitled "Liberty and Order in Cyberspace," Lu stated that "in cyberspace, people with different skin colors, nationalities, cultures and languages should be equally entitled to participation, free speech and development." He added that "we should abandon prejudices, respect differences and be tolerant and open."
Regrettably, in that very same speech Lu outlined his overarching views on "liberty and order" in cyberspace, including:
. "An Internet order that helps maintain security."
. "An Internet order that features law-based governance."
. "A cooperation mechanism for cyber security."
Lu also stated in his speech that "good order depends on rules. The Internet is a free and open platform. Everyone has the right to speak. However, compliance with the law is the bottom line that no one should violate."
It was not clear if he meant only inside China.
My concern is that Facebook, already guilty of regularly altering its policies regarding user privacy, may further compromise how our data is shared and stored, and what services are made available - or not - as a concession to operate inside China, where Facebook has been blocked by the Great Firewall since 2009.
Zuckerberg clearly wants to make a good impression on China. It's certainly hard to blame him for trying. As CEO of the publicly-traded Facebook, there may be no bigger growth opportunity. Moreover, connecting China's 600 million Internet users via Facebook with America and much of the rest of the world - and with one another - could legitimately improve nation-to-nation and person-to-person relations around the globe.
But will our data be made a bargaining chip in return for access to the China market? What levels of oversight and surveillance will China require - of its own citizens or possibly all Facebook users - before letting Facebook legally operate throughout the country?
Are my fears overstated? Perhaps. But would you feel more at ease or less if this week's in-office meeting between Zuckerberg and China's cyberspace minister was instead with the head of America's NSA?
I do not doubt the positive scope of Mr. Zuckerberg's grand ambitions. More than once he has stated his vision to connect the world. He has even hinted that he is prepared to spend in the "low tens of billions" to turn this dream into reality. But I remain concerned the laudable goal to bring Facebook and the Internet to all the world may have the deleterious effect of limiting the privacies and freedoms Facebook's current users have long since come to expect on the world wide web.
Access to new markets is critical for Facebook's future. There are concerns the social media giant is not growing fast enough - and there is no bigger market for Facebook than China. I just hope that when Facebook breaks out the cost per acquisition for all this user growth, they include the costs of our personal sovereignty. For everyone's, in fact.
Commentary by Brian S. Hall, a writer covering mobile technology and social media. His work has appeared in the Wall Street Journal, Macworld, CIO, LinkedIn, Business Insider and several other sites. Follow him on Twitter @brianshall .
Disclosure: Hall does not own shares in Facebook.
 

India agrees to cut stakes in state banksTip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more...
Fri 2 Jan, 2015, 7:10 PM IST - India Markets closed
India agrees to cut stakes in state banks; could raise $26 bln
Reuters –  Wed 10 Dec, 2014 11:37 PM IST
Print
By Manoj Kumar
NEW DELHI (Reuters) - The cabinet approved plans to raise about 1.6 trillion rupees ($25.76 billion) by selling some of its stakes in state-run banks by 2019, a government statement said on Wednesday.
The government holds stakes ranging from 56 percent to 84 percent in 27 state-run banks. They account for 70 percent of total outstanding loans of about $1 trillion in Asia's third-largest economy.
The state-run lenders are estimated to need as much as $60 billion in capital over the next four years to meet new global regulations and to build a buffer against rising bad loans.
"While permitting banks to raise capital from the market, the banks would be advised to preserve the Government holding at minimum 52 percent," the statement said, adding the banks could phase in sales of shares in the market.
Cutting the government stakes would substantially reduce the requirement to provide for injections of capital into public-sector banks, Minister of State for Finance Jayant Sinha told parliament last month.
While the government has in the past funded the state lenders - by about $13 billion over the past decade - it is now striving to reduce the capital injections to lower its budget deficit.
The government said it would need to put 788.95 billion rupees($12.70 billion) into the banks over the next four years to maintain 52 percent stakes. It could get nearly 345 billion rupees ($5.56 billion) as dividends.
Analysts say bigger state-run banks have a better chance of raising capital from the market. They remain sceptical that smaller lenders can attract investors.
Indian state-run banks have been burdened by high levels of bad debt and by corporate governance issues. An RBI-appointed panel this year recommended the government cut its stake in state lenders to less than 50 percent.(1 U.S. dollar = 62.1050 rupee)
Related Video
(Reporting by Manoj Kumar; Editing by larry king)
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook

Kohli Adelaide centuryIndia eye fresh start as new skipper Kohli takes charge
rediff.com5 minutes ago
India would be keen to finish off the four-match series on a high with a victory in Sydney and they would be looking no further than the in-form Virat Kohli to show the way with the bat.

Bipasha Basu Alone traileralone_trailer_goes...    Cached
The trailer of Bipasha Basu’s coming starrer 'Alone' has notched up 4 million hits on the web. Actress Bipasha Basu is on cloud nine as the trailer of her ...
Also Try

Bengali slum dwellers caught in crossfireAGRA (UP), December 10, 2014
Updated: December 11, 2014 15:41 IST
Bengali slum dwellers caught in crossfire
Pheroze L. Vincent
Tweet
The Hindu
Local Muslim leaders meet residents of Ved Nagar colony in Agra, Uttar Pradesh, on Wednesday, two days after conversion ceremony performed by the Bajrang Dal and Dharm Jagran Manch activists. Photo: Prashant Nakwe
Local Muslim leaders recites Quran verses with the members of scrap community in Ved Nagar colony Agra, Uttar Pradesh. The scrap dealers community maintains they are still a muslim, two days after conversion ceremony performed by the Bajrang Dal and Dharm Jagran Manch activists. Photo: Prashant Nakwe
TOPICS
conversion
A case has been filed against a Hindutva leader for 'disturbing public peace'.
Domestic scrap dealer Mumtaz Begum dodges the television cameras in her slum. A member of the 350-odd Bengali Muslim community in Ved Nagar, Agra, Ms. Begum was allegedly converted to Hinduism on Monday by activists of Hindutva organisations.
She said she took part in a ritual organised by several persons who held saffron flags, as she was promised a 'Below Povety Line' ration card and the government's Unique Identification Number -- entitlements her family has not received after migrating from Rampurhat near Kolkata around three years ago.
"These people (with flags) filled out several forms for us on Monday before make us sit near the fire while they chanted prayers. They said that we will get all benefits from government and also get proper houses to live in. When they started photographing us after the ritual, I got scared and ran away," she told The Hindu.
Ms. Begum added that the police questioned her later that day and since then journalists and Muslim clerics have been making repeated visits. Based on a complaint from community leader Ismail, the police filed a case of disturbing public tranquility and cheating against one Kishore Valmiki.
‘Grow beards’
On Wednesday, Muslims from both Deobandi and Barelvi schools visited the slum, which has open sewers and no toilets. "This misfortune has come upon you and Agra because you strayed away from Allah. Stop dressing like unbelievers and grow beards. Make your women read the Quran and cover their faces," shoe-trader Haji Ikram told a gathering of the slum's residents.
Ismail, who migrated from Tulia in West Bengal's 24 Parganas to Agra 17 years ago, admits that they were attracted by the entitlements offered, but denies converting. "They said we would get all this if we pose for pictures with idols of goddess Kali. I didn't know I was being converted. I still believe in Allah. We have never had any differences with Hindus and we don't see ourselves as different from Hindu scrap collectors," he said.
350 Bengalis were "purified"
Bajrang Dal's Uttar Pradesh co-convenor Avneendra Pratap Singh alias Ajju Chauhan says that he was instrumental in 'converting' the Bengalis and that Mr. Valmiki is an associate of Rajeshwar Singh, Kshetra Pramukh of the Dharma Jagran Samanwaya Vibhag, who was also present at the ceremony.
Mr. Singh claimed that the scrap dealers, who are on rented premises, worship Kali during Navratri. "Their ancestors are Hindus and they approached us to bring them home. Ration cards are too small an allurement to convert and they are saying this under pressure from Muslim leaders and the government," he said.
He claimed that 350 Bengalis were "purified". A glance at a diary of the police Local Intelligence Unit revealed 57 names of Bengalis who participated in the Monday ritual. A police officer said that they appear to be Indian nationals and more names would be added.
Local youth said that the Bengalis had brought disrepute to the area. "They are Hindus and if they reconvert to Islam we will expel them from this area," local resident Shubham Shrivastava told this paper. Local elder RC Bhaskar, Founder of the Panchsheel Degree College here, explained that conversion is a new phenomenon in the Cantonment Area which has a BSP MLA. "Ambedkarite ideology has been the mainstream political discourse here in the last three decades. Of late, the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh has gained followers in Ved Nagar mainly from the upper castes from other districts who have built houses here. There is still no communal tension here, but incidents like this have created mistrust among people in Agra," he said.
Conversions and Reconversions
›Parivar outfits to revive Shuddhi movement Read More
›Hindu outfits accused of converting Muslims in Agra Read More
›Police on alert to bust ‘re-conversion’ event in Aligarh Read More
›Conversion to Hinduism a condition for Christians to return home in Kandhamal Read More
›Kandhamal, terrorism and national integration Read More
›RSS demands law against religious conversion Read More
›VHP ups the ante on cow, conversion Read More
›The bogey of forced conversions Read More

Microsoft lets US shoppers pay with BitcoinYou are here: Home > Collections
Microsoft lets US shoppers pay with Bitcoin
AFP Dec 12, 2014, 01.27AM IST
Tags:
Bitcoin
(Bitcoin took a hard hit after…)
SAN FRANCISCO: Microsoft began Thursday letting US shoppers at its online Windows Store pay with digital currency Bitcoin.
Bitcoin, traded in at market value through a partnership with payment processor BitPay , could be used to add money to Microsoft accounts that provide funds for buying games, music, video or applications for Xbox consoles or computers powered by the US technology titan's Windows operating systems.
"The use of digital currencies such as Bitcoin, while not yet mainstream, is growing beyond the early enthusiasts," Microsoft Universal Store corporate vice president Eric Lockard said in a blog post.
"We expect this growth to continue and allowing people to use Bitcoin to purchase our products and services now allows us to be at the front edge of that trend."
Virtual currency cannot be used to directly buy products at the Windows Store, but must first be converted to traditional funds in Microsoft accounts, according to the post.
No more than $1,000 worth of Bitcoin can be exchanged per day, and there is also a limit regarding the overall amount that could be exchanged in multiple accounts registered to a single person.
The virtual currency is a software-based system introduced in 2009 by an individual or group masked by the pseudonym Satoshi Nakamoto.
It can buy goods or services from any person or company accepting it as payment, but is not a real currency managed by a central bank.
Bitcoin value has been subject to wild crashes and the digital currency's reputation has suffered due to a lack of transparency that has made it a tempting tool for criminal activity such as money laundering.
Bitcoin took a hard hit after Mt. Gox trading exchange declared bankruptcy early this year due to a fortune in digital currency vanishing or being stolen.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Coercive methods can yield false information...CIA
LANGLEY/UNITED STATES: CIA chief John Brennan said Thursday he believed that coercive interrogations had a "strong prospect" of producing false information.
"I tend to believe that the use of coercive methods has a strong prospect for resulting in false information because if somebody is being subjected to a course of techniques, they may say something to have those techniques stopped," Brennan told a press conference.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Approaching Storm Scrubs California Rocket LaunchWelcome to 2015. What just happened? Where did 2014 go? Television personalities Ryan Seacrest and Jenny McCarthy...
John Locher/AP Photo

Correction to Adobe Acquisition StoryCorrection to Adobe Acquisition Story
Hearst Pays $81.3M for Stake in AwesomenessTVWelcome to 2015. What just happened? Where did 2014 go? Television personalities Ryan Seacrest and Jenny McCarthy...
John Locher/AP Photo

US dollar rallies after three-day losing streakUS dollar rallies after three-day losing streak
Motorola to bring affordable 4G phones in In...You are here: Home > Collections > Lenovo
Motorola to bring affordable 4G phones in India next year
Gulveen Aulakh & Jayadevan PK, ET Bureau Dec 12, 2014, 05.25AM IST
Tags:
4G
(Motorola India sales are…)
NEW DELHI/BENGALURU: Motorola Mobility plans to bring affordable 4G smartphones to India next year, one of its priority markets along with Brazil, which it believes will be critical for its global turnaround even as it banks on Lenovo's supply chain scale to improve value proposition of its products for end consumers.
The US smartphone maker, which is now the third-largest worldwide, after being bought over by China's Lenovo, aims to lead the global smartphone business while trying to improve its position in India to No 3 by next year on the back of strong demand. "The transition to 4G will be quick," Rick Osterloh , president and chief operating officer at Motorola Mobility, said on his maiden visit to India after Lenovo completed the $2.91 billion acquisition of the company from Google in October.
"Next year, we are going to be very aggressive in the 4G value proposition for end users," he added.
The top executive who took charge of the company since April this year added that market leaders were "faltering a bit" and that the company has a "very good chance to become the leader" globally.
IDC worldwide smartphone data for the quarter ended September shows Samsung leading with 23.7%, followed by Apple with 11.7%, Xiaomi with 5.2% and Lenovo following closely with 5.1%, while LG occupied the No 5 slot with 5% share. Motorola is fifth largest smartphone maker with a 5% share in India., the fastest growing smartphone market in the world, trailing market leader Samsung and home-bred handset makers Micromax , Lava and Karbonn .
"India is absolutely essential (for global turnaround). India and Brazil are countries that we think first when we think about our business because that's the future. The market here is growing incredibly quickly," he said. Motorola India sales are expected to cross three million units by early January, Osterloh told ET.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Australian growth slows to 2.7%Australian growth slows to 2.7%
Jamie Smyth in Sydney
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/86f8868e-7a97-11e4-a8e1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

For a drastic cut in charging timeUpdated: December 9, 2014 19:07 IST
For a drastic cut in charging time
Ayyappa Nagubandi
technology (general)
Apart from promising to speed up the charging process by 92 per cent, Legion Meter gives you comprehensive information about your battery’s health
For many mobile phone users, the battery is not a problem, for they charge only once a day and it is good to go for 24 hours. Then there are people like us, who use phone batteries can’t seem to get enough charge. Of course, there are options like charging cases and battery packs, but charging it from a wall socket still remains the easiest.
So, while it is not possible to make the batteries bigger, it definitely is possible to reduce the charging time. A regular charger usually takes about three hours to charge your phone. With all of us running short of time, three hours seems too much. Legion Meter promises to speed up the whole process by 92 per cent!
Legion Meter has been created by PLX Devises and looks like a regular USB drive. But, it does not store any files. Instead, it charges your phone! Using the Legion Meter is quite easy. You just have to plug it in between your charging cord and the AC adapter unit. You can set preferences with the OLED display. Setting preferences helps the unit communicate with your device. However, different settings are required for Apple and Android products. Blackberry, Windows and other OS phones need to be charged using the settings for Android. The right settings will prevent your battery from overheating.
Legion Meter does more than just charge your devices. The tiny display gives you information about your battery’s health. It shows you the power being delivered to your device in Watts, the current being delivered, and the voltage the USB is currently sending out. It also displays the milliwatt hours that determine the health of your battery. Once the battery is completely charged, all this information is processed by special algorithms that determine how you are using your device by calculating the energy usage about 500 times per second and gives you a the precise reading. If your battery’s capacity has gone down since the time you bought your phone, then it is growing old. You can just flip a switch to block or allow data transfer when plugged in a computer.
The company has started a campaign on Kickstarter to raise funds for the project. But, they have a few warnings to give out. They recommend using the device when your battery levels are in the range of 40 – 80 per cent, for they have tested the Meter in these conditions along with screen, Bluetooth, Wifi on or off, and a screen brightness of 50 per cent. The device has been in the testing phase, and might differ from the pictures. The Legion Meter is perfect for those who lead extremely busy lives, and need to constantly be available on the phone. The device is selling out like hot cakes, and if you wish to get hold of one, you will have to hurry. The Early Bird offers are gone, but there are others left. Also, do not forget to read their warnings before placing an order.
Check their website https://plxdevices.com

Australia unemployment rises to 6.3%Australia unemployment rises to 6.3%
Jamie Smyth in Sydney
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9632f0d4-80d8-11e4-b5cf-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Alan Rusbridger To Step Down As Editor-In-Chief Of The Guardianreddit
After 20 years as editor-in-chief of the Guardian, Alan Rusbridger will step down sometime next summer, he announced in an email to staffers Wednesday.
Rusbridger will leave to become chair of The Scott Trust, a limited company established to ensure the "financial and editorial independence of the Guardian in perpetuity," in 2016. He will succeed Liz Forgan.
“In global journalism, there are a handful of roles that have the capability to redefine our industry," Rusbridger said . "I am privileged to have held one of those roles for 20 years, a period in which successful newspapers have become global content providers, reaching audiences in dramatically new and valuable ways."
Rusbridger also tweeted the news:
Announced tdy that I will succeed Liz Forgan as Scott Trust Chair in 2016. Great honour to be asked to take this role 1/3
— alan rusbridger (@arusbridger) December 10, 2014
Scott Trust founded to protect and safeguard Guardian. Important bastion of free speech & journalistic independence 2/3
— alan rusbridger (@arusbridger) December 10, 2014
Will step down as editor in chief of the Guardian after 20 years next summer 3/3
— alan rusbridger (@arusbridger) December 10, 2014
Rusbridger gained worldwide recognition in 2013 for defending the paper's reporting of leaked National Security Agency documents provided by former intelligence contractor Edward Snowden. The Guardian and The Washington Post went on to receive the Pulitzer Prize for their coverage of the NSA and its mass surveillance programs. Under Rusbridger's watch, the Guardian was also named "Newspaper of the Year" at the 2014 British Press Awards, and, in 2012, the newspaper was awarded with "Scoop of the Year" for its coverage of the U.K. phone hacking scandal.
Read more over at the Guardian .
More:

BJP MP calls Godse a nationalist  then backtracksEYE BROWSE
BJP MP calls Godse a nationalist, then backtracks
The Unnao MP had stirred a hornet's nest by stating that Godse was equally a patriot and a nationalist, and should not be seen as a traitor or considered as one.
Yahoo India –  Thu 11 Dec, 2014
Print
NEW DELHI: Bharatiya Janata Party leader Sakshi Maharaj who said that Mahatma Gandhi's assassin Nathuram Vinayak Godse was a patriot and a nationalist, backtracked from his statement saying he does not see Godse as a patriot.
"If I have said anything by mistake, I withdraw my statement. Godse was not a nationalist," said Sakshi Maharaj.
"If anybody wants to worship Godse, I cannot stop him. It is the work of the Central Government and the state government to stop it...... But I do not see Godse as a nationalist," he added.
The Rajya Sabha witnessed protests as opposition leaders raised the issue of Mahatma Gandhi's assassin Nathuram Godse being eulogised in Maharashtra.
"Nathuram Godse 'shaurya divas' (bravery day) is being observed in Maharashtra," said Congress leader Husain Dalwai, raising the issue in the Rajya Sabha. He alleged that two legislators were also in the list of invitees.
"They are deliberately observing the 'shaurya divas' of the man who killed Father of the Nation. There was forced conversion in Agra, and now this...," Dalwai said, alleging that groups associated with ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) were responsible for this.
"I have written to Maharashtra chief minister on this," he added.
This was followed by a ruckus in the house, with other opposition parties joining in.
Some members also trooped near the chairman's podium, raising slogans against the government.
An angry Minister of State for Parliamentary Affairs Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi said government is not supporting the killers of Mahatma Gandhi in any way.
"This kind of language is unacceptable," Naqvi said.
As ruckus continued, Deputy Chairman P.J. Kurien adjourned the house till noon. When the house met again for question hour at noon, the ruckus continued, forcing another adjournment for 10 minutes.
After the second adjournment, Congress leader Anand Sharma said he was certain the government will not support killers of Mahatma Gandhi, and added that the whole house shall speak in one voice on the issue.
"Opposition also wants the house to function. Government will never approve of eulogising of the assassins of Father of the Nation... Let the house speak in one voice. We must condemn it as one house," said Sharma.
Parliamentary Affairs Minister Venkaiah Naidu said there is no question of eulogising Godse.
"There is no question of anybody accepting such a preposition eulogising the person responsible for the assassination of Mahatma Gandhi. There is no question of anybody associating with such persons. I am saying this on record," Naidu said. (Agencies)
Recommend

8 Tips for Making a Co-Directorship Workreddit
Many nonprofits struggle with retaining strong executive directors. The pressure, the workload, and the isolation of the position are compounding factors that often lead to high turnover. At my nonprofit, Asian Americans Advancing Justice-Asian Law Caucus, this turnover was especially pronounced. We have had eight executive directors (including interim directors) since 1999, each staying an average of just under two years.
In 2012, my executive director, Hyeon-Ju Rho, approached me with a proposal: she asked me to consider becoming co-director. At the time, I had been deputy director for four years and Hyeon-Ju had one year of experience leading our organization. After lengthy deliberations, we decided to try turning our organization's executive directorship from a one-person to a two-person job.
We were both highly motivated to make it work. Both of us saw a need for a massive intervention to address the organization's ongoing issue of executive sustainability. Moreover, as parents of young children, we wanted to challenge the notion that raising a family and being an executive director was incompatible. Finally, we both wanted to innovate a model of progressive leadership that reflected our values. We hoped that by sharing the role, we could actually create more space at the top.
We held discussions with the board of directors, consulted experts, and hatched a plan. Six months later, I officially became co-director. Our new model was met with great intrigue--and probably a healthy bit of skepticism--both internally and externally. After all, we were a venerable, 41-year-old organization run by a bunch of lawyers. But the intrigue turned to excitement once we launched our endeavor.
Ultimately, our co-directorship lasted just one year--but not because of any flaws in the model itself. Hyeon-Ju relocated to another city because her husband was offered a teaching job at a prestigious law school that he could not refuse. Yet while our partnership did not last, I believe that the lessons that we learned through our experiment with co-leadership will prove far more enduring.
1.  Trust. Don't even think of transitioning to a shared leadership model if you do not have the base element of trust with the other person. There is no quick and easy way to build trust. But you know that you have it when you are not afraid to show vulnerability to the other person.
2. Over-communicate. Discuss ideas early and often. Overuse the cc: function on your email. Have quick, informal check-ins as well as structured, half-day, off-site meetings. Make sure that you are doing as much as you can to get the best thinking out of each other as possible, and that simply means communicating A LOT.
3. Plan, plan, plan. When Hyeon-Ju and I first embarked on the co-directorship, we developed a 40+ point chart of job responsibilities under eight major categories of work--from board management to fund development to strategic visioning. We decided who would play a lead role on each responsibility, who would be supporting, or if the responsibility should be shared. Our goal was to have clear guidelines for who was in charge of what. Doing this upfront made it easier later to tweak our roles whenever it became necessary.
4. Get a coach. After deciding to pursue the co-director model, our very next step was to hire an executive coach. Both Hyeon-Ju and I had worked with coaches individually in the past. But getting a coach for us a team was a priority. I play a fair amount of sports and know what a difference it makes to have someone who will not only help you get better at your craft, but who believes you can do it.
5. Check in on the state of your co-directorship. One idea that Hyeon-Ju brought to our weekly check-in meetings was using a ratings scale on the state of our co-directorship. One was the lowest and five was the highest. We decided up front that it was OK if some weeks it was a "one." The point of the tool was to open up a space to have difficult conversations if necessary or, on the flip side, to validate something that worked. Reflecting back on this now, I would say that the goal should be to try to get fours or fives from each co-director every time.
6. Don't co-everything. Even though sharing is integral to the co-director position, you still need to develop specialization and a clear division of labor with your co-director. My area of responsibility as deputy director was programs--and that continued into the co-director role. Hyeon-Ju maintained responsibility over all infrastructure functions of the organization. What was different after we became co-directors was the deeper level of understanding I gained about infrastructure functions and vice versa for Hyeon-Ju about programs. It made no sense for us to co-lead programs and co-lead infrastructure. We were trying to create efficiency, not duplication, after all. But the heightened expertise that each of us developed over the other's area actually made us more effective in our roles.
7. Support more shared leadership models in the organization. Why should only co-directors have all the fun? One unexpected consequence of our co-director model was increasing the staff's own curiosity about shared leadership in other parts of the organization. Our decision to pursue a co-directorship sparked a spirit of innovation that helped drive the creation of new structures designed to examine organization-wide issues, such as our strategic planning implementation committee and a new leadership team.
8. Celebrate. Soon after we launched the model, our staff threw us a surprise party. Hyeon-Ju and I were lured under false pretenses into the conference room and greeted by giant-size "Congratulations!" posters. They handed each of us a mason jar filled with individual notes offering well-wishes and encouragement (and chocolates). I was speechless. But it did show me that we were onto something good.
Follow Christopher Punongbayan on Twitter: www.twitter.com/cpunongbayan
More:

Christopher PunongbayanGET UPDATES FROM Christopher Punongbayan
 
Like
1
Christopher Punongbayan is the Executive Director of the oldest Asian American legal civil rights organization in the country, Advancing Justice - Asian Law Caucus.
Entries by Christopher Punongbayan
8 Tips for Making a Co-Directorship Work
(2) Comments | Posted December 11, 2014 | 2:40 PM
Many nonprofits struggle with retaining strong executive directors. The pressure, the workload, and the isolation of the position are compounding factors that often lead to high turnover. At my nonprofit, Asian Americans Advancing Justice-Asian Law Caucus, this turnover was especially pronounced. We have had eight executive directors (including interim directors)...
A Father's Perspective on the Humanitarian Border Crisis
(0) Comments | Posted September 10, 2014 | 4:34 PM
I'm a dad and I was shocked this week to read a news story about the five children who had been deported back to Honduras who were later targeted and killed by local gangs, specifically because they were children.
What an unspeakable loss. It is a...
Why We Need to Keep Yuri's Legacy Alive
(0) Comments | Posted June 23, 2014 | 11:08 AM
Civil rights hero Yuri Kochiyama recently passed away at 93 years old. She came to my college campus in 1995 in Providence, Rhode Island and keynoted our Asian American Pacific Islander History Month celebrations. Having grown up in a rural community in Massachusetts with very few people of color, I...

Original Apple PC sells for $365 000 at Chri...Original Apple computer sells for $365,000 at New York auction
Reuters Dec 12, 2014, 03.49AM IST
Tags:
Apple Computer
(The Ricketts Apple-1 Personal…)
NEW YORK: A fully operational Apple computer that company co-founder Steve Jobs sold out of his parents' garage in 1976 for $600 sold for $365,000 at Christie's on Thursday.
The Ricketts Apple-1 Personal Computer , named after its original owner Charles Ricketts , is the only known surviving Apple-1 documented as having been sold directly by Jobs to an individual from the Los Altos, California family home, according to the auction house.
The price fell shy of Christie's estimate of $400,000 to $600,000 and was far less than the $905,000 paid by the Henry Ford organization in October for one of the computers. Fewer than 50 original Apple-1s are believed to be in existence of the few hundred originally produced
Also at the sale, Amsterdam's Rijksmuseum, with the help of various foundations and private donors, bought a Bacchic figure supporting the globe by 17th-century artist Adrien de Vries for $27.9 million, well in excess of the sculpture's pre-sale estimate of $15 million to $25 million.
The Rembrandt Society, the BankGiro Loterij, VSB fund, Mondriaan Fund and others helped fund the purchase.
"It follows the trend of masterpieces achieving outstanding prices," said Jussi Pylkkanen, global president of Christie's and the auctioneer for the sale.
One of the expected highlights of the auction, which Christie's dubbed the Exceptional Sale, was withdrawn at the 11th hour when the estate of Joan Fontaine, who died aged 96 a year ago, pulled her best actress Oscar for the Alfred Hitchcock film "Suspicion" from the sale of her collection.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Falling inflation seen improving chances of ...You are here: Home > Collections
Falling inflation seen improving chances of rate cut
Reuters Dec 12, 2014, 04.18AM IST
Tags:
Arun Jaitley
(While the rate will rise…)
NEW DELHI: Retail inflation probably hit a record low in November thanks to falling prices for oil and food items, building the case for the central bank to lower interest rates early next year.
The government will release the latest consumer price index data later on Friday.
According to forecasts from a Reuters poll of analysts the data is likely to show annual retail inflation eased to 4.5 per cent in November, the slowest rate recorded since the data series was first published in 2012.
Industrial output data, also due out on Friday, was forecast to show a 2.8 per cent rise year-on-year in October, up from 2.5 per cent in the same month last year.
Despite the improvement, it still suggests a lack of momentum in India's recovery from its weakest phase of economic growth since the 1980s.
With growth struggling at 5.3 per cent in the July-September quarter, it is likely to be some time before the country recaptures the 8 per cent growth levels needed to create enough jobs for a rapidly expanding workforce.
While not as low as China's, India's inflation has come down steeply from over 11 per cent in November last year, and it is now lower than other BRIC economies - Brazil, Russia and South Africa.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi swept to power six months ago promising to oversee a revival in an economy suffering a dearth of investment.
He has been helped by a 40 per cent fall in global crude prices since July which has brought inflation down, lowered the import bill and reduced government spending on fuel subsidies.
Encouragingly, Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan held out prospects for a cut in the policy interest rate -currently set at 8.0 per cent - early next year if inflation trends are favourable and the government controls its fiscal deficit .
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley , who will present the annual budget in February, told parliament on Wednesday that a rate cut would help the economy, singling out prospects of increased mortgage lending.
"The central bank's focus on the quality of government's fiscal consolidation suggests that a rate cut is unlikely prior to the presentation of the Budget," said Aditi Nayar, an economist at ICRA, the Indian arm of rating agency Moody's.
Inflation will easily undershoot an RBI target of 8 per cent by January next year.
While the rate will rise as a favourable base effect unwinds, the RBI still expects inflation in 2015 to hover around 6 percent- its target for January 2016.
The bank says risks to target are evenly balanced.
FEATURED ARTICLES

US  troubled  by reports of Crimean leader visiting IndiaUS  troubled  by reports of Crimean leader visiting India
Bangaluru startups to display anti-crime gad...Abhishek Goyal
(A computer science graduate…)
BENGALURU: Recognising the role of technology in battling crimes, the Bengaluru City Police has invited startups, app developers, and vendors to showcase their hardware and software solutions at a two-day safety tools exhibition in Bengaluru on December 19 and 20.
Companies developing innovative and, perhaps, user-friendly and affordable technology solutions for crime prevention, will be showcasing their wares at Orion Mall, Rajajinagar. "Many approach us with products in for personal safety, data security, anti-vehicle theft, etc. We thought we should get all vendors to display and demonstrate their applications to the public," Abhishek Goyal , DCP (Crime), told ET.
A computer science graduate from IIT (Delhi), Goyal, has thrown the field open for students as well, to showcase products or solutions they developed in their college labs. "We are not even charging any fee to the participants. Our whole idea is to facilitate interaction between vendors and the public," Goyal said. Participants need to register at http://bit.ly/bcpregister .
One of the participants Shruti Dixit is among several parents deeply disturbed by the sharp rise in child molestation and rape incidents at schools. So, she decided to develop mySafeBus , a hardware smartphone-like device that is embedded with a software, and can be fitted in school buses for real-time visual surveillance and monitoring.
Dixit, who runs two-year-old Nubesol Solutions along with her husband Suraj Dixit , is looking to showcase the product at the safety tools event. "Parents can be rest assured some body is watching for their child safety," said Dixit. "Such initiatives are very critical and can make a difference," said Deepam Mishra, CEO of the city-based technology incubator i2India Ventures that supports technology startups aimed at civilian safety. Mishra had launched HandsTel , a start-up of this kind, last year, following the rising rape cases .
FEATURED ARTICLES

Currency headwinds weigh on IT stocksCurrency headwinds weigh on IT stocks
Why Gita as Rashtriya Granth is problematicUpdated: December 11, 2014 08:06 IST
NEWS ANALYSIS
Why ‘Gita’ as Rashtriya Granth is problematic
M. R. Venkatesh
hinduism
The traditional distinction between ‘Shruti’ (those which are directly revealed to ‘seers’ as embodied in the ‘Vedas’ and the Upanishads) and ‘Smriti’ (texts that are products of human authorship), has been quite problematic in the Indian philosophical systems over centuries. It is not all black and white and there are shades of grey.
Even allowing for these conceptual issues, senior BJP leader Sushma Swaraj’s recent plea to make the “Bhagavad Gita our Rashtriya Granth” — the principal national sacred text as it seems to suggest to any common reading, is even more problematic and very far removed from the diversity of texts that continue to inform and engage Indian traditions.
Stating just two of the many reasons may suffice to drive home this point.
Part of the grand ‘Mahabharata’ Epic as the dialogue between the Pandava Prince Arjuna and Lord Krishna on the Kurukshetra battlefield that simultaneously unfolds lofty metaphysical and ethical principles, which even today answers man’s personal dilemmas in day-to-day life, the ‘Gita’ is already a celebrated text of vision and action globally.
In the late 19th century, Sir Edwin Arnold, translating the ‘Bhagavad Gita’ into English in blank verse from the Sanskrit text as ‘The Song Celestial’ — still one of the works referred to in any East-West engagement — in his introduction speaks of it thus: “So lofty are many of its declarations, so sublime its aspirations, so pure and tender its piety that Schlegel (associated with the first direct translation of its Sanskrit verses into German even earlier), after his study of the poem, breaks forth into this outburst of delight and praise towards the unknown author.”
Translated into virtually every living classical language of the world, including Latin, Greek, Tamil and other Indian classical languages, the ‘Bhagavad Gita’ is already revered as a universal, humanistic hope-reviving text for mankind, going far beyond the trappings of Hinduism. Hence, to now seek to declare it as a “National sacred text” in India would naturally be seen as a self-imposed limitation in one’s hurry to celebrate the past for whatever reasons.
Secondly, as everyone across the spectrum would acknowledge, there have historically been several commentaries on the ‘Bhagavad Gita’, starting from Adi Sankara, believed to be the oldest, to Ramanuja and Madhvacharya in the Vaishnavite tradition, besides Abhinava Gupta in the Shaivite tradition, known for his commentary ‘Githartha Samgraha.’
Closer to our own times, leaders of the Indian National Movement like Bal Gangadhar Tilak and Mahatma Gandhi have penned their respective nuanced interpretations of the teachings of the ‘Gita.’
Even as all these are already in the public domain, to seek to reduce the ‘Bhagavad Gita’ to a seemingly singular text will be grossly missing the trees for the wood and regressive at that.
The richness and the contemporary value of the Gita lie as much in the plurality of its readings through the ages, as in its uniqueness as a cultural gem.
Thus, any attempt to declare it a ‘Rashtriya Granth’ would not only take away the texture of a multiplicity of debates and understanding that the ‘Gita’ is known for, but in a secular polity would also needlessly ruffle the feathers of Hinduism’s closer cousins like Sikhism for which the teachings of its first five Gurus constitute its principal ‘Guru Granth.’

Banks face carrot or stick rule on ABSBanks tempted with ‘carrot or stick’ plan on packaged loans
Martin Arnold in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6ad5d658-8160-11e4-a493-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Gold barely changed on mixed economic signalsYou are here: Home > Collections
Gold barely changed on mixed economic signals
Reuters Dec 12, 2014, 02.20AM IST
Tags:
Gold
(Gold was still on track for…)
NEW YORK/LONDON: Gold was little changed in choppy dealings on Thursday, amid conflicting signals as the firm dollar applied pressure and weak US economic data spurred safe-haven buying, fueling hopes that interest rates will rise.
The US dollar recovered after three days of losses, further boosted by strong US retail sales numbers and declining jobless claims.
Later in the session, however, data showed the net worth of US households fell in the third quarter for the first time in three years, hit by a fall in the value of their stock holdings and rising debts, giving mixed signals on the outlook for consumer spending.
Spot gold was up 0.7 per cent at $1,227.53 an ounce by 2:49 p.m. EST (1949 GMT), after falling nearly 1 per cent to $1,219.90 per ounce.
Gold was still on track for a 3.1 per cent weekly gain so far, the biggest since March, as it benefited from a pullback in the dollar over the past few sessions.
US gold futures settled down 0.3 per cent at $1,225.60 an ounce.
The dollar was up 0.6 per cent against a basket of currencies and was expected to firm further ahead of the US Federal Reserve's policy meeting next week, which could give cues on the timing of the central bank's interest rate hikes.
A sooner-than-expected rise in interest rates could boost the dollar and hurt non-interest-bearing bullion.
"The market's focus is on the 'considerable time' language, whether the Fed will take that out or not," Societe Generale analyst Robin Bhar said.
"We think the first interest rate hike could happen in June 2015."
Fed officials have so far stressed that subdued inflation may keep interest rates near zero for an extended period of time.
US crude oil futures dipped below $60 a barrel, the lowest in more than five years. Weakness in energy prices has weighed on gold sentiment lately, dulling the metal's appeal as a hedge against oil-led inflation.
Safe-haven demand and short-covering have been behind gold's recovery from 4-1/2-year lows hit last month, traders said.
An improvement in sentiment was seen in the holdings of SPDR Gold Trust , the world's largest gold-backed exchange-traded fund. The fund saw inflows of nearly 3 tonnes on Wednesday, bringing total holdings to 724.80 tonnes.
Despite those inflows, holdings are still firmly near six-year lows.
Among other precious metals, silver snapped a three-day rally, falling 0.1 per cent to $17.04 an ounce, while platinum was down 0.4 at $1,238.70 an ounce and palladium gained 0.6 per cent to $815.25 an ounce.
FEATURED ARTICLES

An Early Stock Market Rally Fizzles as Oil SinksWelcome to 2015. What just happened? Where did 2014 go? Television personalities Ryan Seacrest and Jenny McCarthy...
John Locher/AP Photo

With no price bottom in sight  oil expected to hit $55Oil closes below $60, 1st time since July 2009
AP Dec 12, 2014, 04.53AM IST
Tags:
Iran
(The price of oil fell below…)
The price of oil fell below $60 for the first time since July 2009 on Thursday and ended trading in New York at $59.95.
Benchmark US crude oil dropped 99 cents, or 1.6 per cent. Oil has fallen steadily for nearly six months, and is down 44 percent since reaching a high for the year of $107.26 in late June.
"We don't see a price bottom," wrote energy analyst Jim Ritterbusch in a note to investors. He expects oil to fall further, toward $55 a barrel, in the short term.
The drop is a result of rising global oil production, especially in the US, at a time when demand has weakened because of slowing economies in Asia and Europe.
OPEC said this week that higher production from non-OPEC members and global economic growth will reduce demand for its oil to 28.9 million barrels a day next year. That's the lowest level in more than a decade, and far less than the 30 million barrels per day that the group says it plans to produce next year.
The price collapse has pushed down prices for gasoline, diesel and other fuels, lowering expenses for drivers, shippers and airlines and giving a boost to consumer-driven economies like that of the US
The average price of gasoline in the US fell to $2.61 a gallon Thursday, according to AAA. That's 64 cents below last year at this time, saving US drivers $7 billion a month. The Energy Department predicted this week that lower gasoline prices next year will save a typical US household $550 over the course of the year.
Lower crude prices have sent the share prices of oil companies and drilling services companies spiraling lower, though, and caused many to cut back drilling projects.
As a result, the Energy Department this week trimmed its forecast for oil production growth in the US for next year, though it still expects a sizeable increase. BP announced a $1 billion restructuring plan this week that analysts said could result in the elimination of thousands of jobs.
The lower prices are also pressuring government budgets in oil-producing US states and cash-hungry oil exporters such as Iraq , Iran , Russia and Venezuela.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Staff clueless on Foxconn closureStaff clueless on Foxconn closure
Motorola plans to bring affordable 4G phones...You are here: Home > Collections > Lenovo
Motorola to bring affordable 4G phones in India next year
Gulveen Aulakh & Jayadevan PK, ET Bureau Dec 12, 2014, 05.25AM IST
Tags:
4G
(Motorola India sales are…)
NEW DELHI/BENGALURU: Motorola Mobility plans to bring affordable 4G smartphones to India next year, one of its priority markets along with Brazil, which it believes will be critical for its global turnaround even as it banks on Lenovo's supply chain scale to improve value proposition of its products for end consumers.
The US smartphone maker, which is now the third-largest worldwide, after being bought over by China's Lenovo, aims to lead the global smartphone business while trying to improve its position in India to No 3 by next year on the back of strong demand. "The transition to 4G will be quick," Rick Osterloh , president and chief operating officer at Motorola Mobility, said on his maiden visit to India after Lenovo completed the $2.91 billion acquisition of the company from Google in October.
"Next year, we are going to be very aggressive in the 4G value proposition for end users," he added.
The top executive who took charge of the company since April this year added that market leaders were "faltering a bit" and that the company has a "very good chance to become the leader" globally.
IDC worldwide smartphone data for the quarter ended September shows Samsung leading with 23.7%, followed by Apple with 11.7%, Xiaomi with 5.2% and Lenovo following closely with 5.1%, while LG occupied the No 5 slot with 5% share. Motorola is fifth largest smartphone maker with a 5% share in India., the fastest growing smartphone market in the world, trailing market leader Samsung and home-bred handset makers Micromax , Lava and Karbonn .
"India is absolutely essential (for global turnaround). India and Brazil are countries that we think first when we think about our business because that's the future. The market here is growing incredibly quickly," he said. Motorola India sales are expected to cross three million units by early January, Osterloh told ET.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Diamond consumption in India  China to equal US: Andrey Polyakov  vice-president  ALROSADiamond consumption in India  China to equal US: Andrey Polyakov  vice-president  ALROSA
Russian bank VTB to give up to $1-billion credit to Essar GroupRussian bank VTB to give up to $1-billion credit to Essar Group
FTD Companies  Inc. Stockholders Approve Stock Issuance for Provide Commerce AcquisitionFTD Companies  Inc. Stockholders Approve Stock Issuance for Provide Commerce Acquisition
Captain Kohli pays Australia back in kindMore
Captain Kohli shows class against Australia
1st Test, Day 3 — Virat Kohli smashes 7th hundred. Vijay, Pujara and Rahane also among runs at Adelaide.
By Abhishek Purohit | ESPNcricinfo –  Thu 11 Dec, 2014 1:04 PM IST
0
Kohli celebrates his century in Adelaide.
India 5 for 369 (Kohli 115, Pujara 73, Rahane 62, Vijay 53) trail Australia 7 for 517 dec by 148 runs
Scorecard and ball-by-ball details
On Test captaincy debut, on the ground where he had scored his maiden Test century, Virat Kohli made his seventh hundred to lead India's reply to Australia's 7 for 517 declared. India would have been in a better position had M Vijay, Cheteshwar Pujara and Ajinkya Rahane pushed on after reaching half-centuries on the easy-paced Adelaide pitch.
They would have still been in a reasonably solid position had Kohli not taken on a Mitchell Johnson short ball and top-edged a pull to long leg with four overs left in the day. Kohli departed for 115, leaving 119 as his highest Test score, with a corresponding ODI mark of 183.
Barring the opening stand of 30, the next four partnerships were all 70-plus, Kohli the common factor in three of them. Kohli came into Adelaide having tallied 134 runs in ten Test innings in England. He ducked into a Johnson bouncer first ball, hit flush on the front of the helmet. There was concern among the Australians, most particularly Johnson, visibly strained about the blow with Phillip Hughes ' death on his mind. Kohli steadied himself and won every crucial moment against Australia's premier fast bowler from thereon, till his downfall.
Three balls after the hit, he strode forward to drive Johnson down the ground for three. First ball from Johnson after lunch, he leaned on the front foot to drive through extra cover for four. First delivery from Johnson with the second new ball. Same result. Three balls later, he punched off the back foot. Same result. Johnson went for 90 in 16 overs leading up to Kohli's depature.
Australia's fast bowlers were not able to get much more out of the easy-paced Adelaide pitch than India's attack had, apart from the occasional Johnson lifters. They pitched it up often, but there was little conventional or reverse swing, and Kohli helped himself to some emphatic drives and clips. He came through a period of discomfort against the offspinner Nathan Lyon to milk him for runs off the back foot.
Two of his middle-order colleagues, Pujara and Rahane, succumbed to the offspinner. Lyon gained considerably more assistance than legspinner Karn Sharma had managed. Pujara and Kohli were troubled by Lyon's control and testing length and line outside off stump. Vijay had countered the offspinner by stepping out and lofting a couple of sixes, but the middle order, hesitant to leave the crease or go right back, was tied down in the second session.
Wary of the turn and bounce with short leg in wait, Pujara was tentatively half-forward on 73 when one kicked, hit his thigh and slipped between his legs to roll on to the stumps.
Rahane had a rather nervy start but he rode his luck to hit ten fours in his 62, displaying his strength off the back foot against both spin and pace. He was beaten a few times by Johnson, just cleared mid-on off Lyon and almost top-edged Peter Siddle to deep square leg. A sharp turner from Lyon threw him in enough doubt to play a similar length next ball off the back foot, but it bounced so much it took the top of the handle and popped to slip.
Vijay's fall was down to a short, sharp burst from Johnson at the stroke of lunch. Johnson worked Vijay over with a few bouncers, hitting the opener on the shoulder with one of them. Vijay, pushed back in the crease, feathered a pitched-up delivery to the wicketkeeper on 53.
Both Vijay and Pujara had looked good for plenty more after Shikhar Dhawan 's exit for a quick 25. Vijay was cautious initially, his first runs coming off his 19th delivery through a misfield, and his first boundary taking 46 balls. He left safely, as he had done for long periods in England.
Pujara was assured against the quicks right from the moment he came in. Harris and especially Siddle strayed into the pads often and Pujara picked them for boundaries. He also drove superbly through the covers.
Despite all their starts and managing one more fifty-plus score than Australia did, India had one hundred to show against the hosts' three, all of them bigger than Kohli's score.
Rohit Sharma , who has had a difficult time in away Tests, looked in fine touch during his unbeaten 33, and Wriddhiman Saha survived a bouncer barrage from Johnson, but India were still playing catch-up with a deficit of 148.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

6 steps for dealing with a lazy co-workerPrint
>
If you've ever had a co-worker who spends the day playing on Facebook, shopping online or otherwise goofing off while work goes undone, you know the extreme frustration of working with someone who doesn't pull his or her weight. That's doubly true if you end up picking up some of that person's work on top of your own.
Here are six steps for dealing with lazy co-workers without resorting to shouting, dirty looks or locking them out of the office:
1. Figure out how the laziness is impacting your work. This is the most important thing to keep in the forefront of your mind when dealing with a lazy coworker. It's easy to simply get sucked into a vortex of frustration, in which you're so irritated by the person's laziness that you lose clarity about how it impacts you, if at all. But being clear about the impact on you -- versus what's unfair or frustrating but doesn't actually impact you -- is key to being able to address it effectively. For instance, maybe you end up needing to pick up your co-worker's slack, which means you need to put in extra hours to complete your work or can't give your own clients the attention you'd like. Or maybe you end up needing to spend time redoing your co-worker's work, because it's never done carefully the first time.
If your co-worker's work habits are indeed affecting your own work, then move on to steps two and three. If it's not impacting your work, skip those and move straight to step four.
2. Talk to your co-worker directly. Some co-workers are so lazy and unmotivated that talking to them won't make any difference, because they simply won't care. However, in other circumstances, addressing the situation forthrightly can alter the person's behavior . If you think your co-worker might not realize the impact his or her laziness is having on you, or if you think she can be shamed into pulling her own weight if she's called out on her behavior, consider having a direct conversation. For example, you might say something like: "Jane, I've been having to redo your account entries, because so many of them are incomplete. It's taking me a lot of time to redo them, so can you be careful to fill out every field going forward?"
3. Talk to your manager. If the problem is impacting your work, it's appropriate to bring your manager into the loop. In fact, you can handle it just like you would handle any other workload issue. For example, you could say: "I'm spending significant amounts of time talking to Jane's clients when they can't reach her and finishing up her reports when she leaves for the day without completing them. It's causing me to have to push off priorities like A and B, and I don't have as much time to spend with my own clients as a result."
4. Don't enable the lazy co-worker by stepping in to complete his or her work or covering for him or her. If you're a conscientious worker , you might find it hard to resist doing this. However, if you take up your co-worker's slack, you'll make it easier for the problem to fly under the radar. Instead, politely decline to help, using phrases like: "I'm sorry, but I'm slammed with deadlines" or: "I wish I could help, but I've got my hands full." By declining to step in and save your co-worker, you'll make it easier for your manager to spot what's going on.
5. Remember that you don't know what's happening behind the scenes. While it's easy to assume that nothing is being done about your lazy co-worker, you're unlikely to know if something is being done. Managers don't typically broadcast disciplinary actions or coaching to other people, and most employees don't go around bragging that they were just warned their job is in jeopardy if they don't shape up. So while it's possible that nothing is being done, it's important to remember that that's not information you'd likely be privy to.
6. Don't let it affect your attitude. Don't let your co-worker's attitude or work habits become contagious! While it might be unfair that he or she is putting in less effort than you, remember that this person is building a terrible reputation, while you're presumably creating a strong one. That means you're creating professional options for yourself while that person is narrowing his or hers.
In Photos: Best jobs in India for lazy people
Alison Green writes the popular Ask a Manager blog , where she dispenses advice on career, job search and management issues. She's the author of "How to Get a Job: Secrets of a Hiring Manager," co-author of "Managing to Change the World: The Nonprofit Manager's Guide to Getting Results" and the former chief of staff of a successful nonprofit organization, where she oversaw day-to-day staff management.
More From US News & World Report

Developer: Capitol Crossing is tough to getBy Jonathan O'Connell December 11, 2014 Follow @OConnellPostBiz
Jeffrey I. Sussman was facing stiff head winds with his ambitious 2.2 million-square-foot development project, Capitol Crossing .
And that was before the kerfuffle over his proposed closing of Interstate 395.
Sussman and the New York-based company he founded 43 years ago — Property Group Partners — have forged an expertise in developing buildings that quickly attract the prestigious law firms and professional services companies that typically pay some of the highest rents in Washington.
In 2006, the company completed 1101 New York Ave. NW and landed a slew of tenants led by Ernst & Young. Three years later, it completed a glass-skinned building a few blocks from the White House that attracted the law firm Fried Frank and sold earlier this year for a record price of $948 per square foot.
Capitol Crossing is Sussman’s boldest Washington effort to date, one that requires years of engineering and political maneuvering and which is moving headlong into a leasing market that some commercial real estate analysts are calling the worst in decades.
Jeff Sussman, founder and chief executive of Property Group Partners, the company that has begun building atop what will be a deck covering over the entrance to I-395. (Photo by Jeffrey MacMillan)
In a deal with the District that Sussman inked in 2010, his company — then named Louis Dreyfus Property Group –  acquired the “air rights” to 6.8 acres above the sunken I-395 entrance. The project offers the District an opportunity to grow its tax base by an estimated $30 million and recover the street grid in the area by connecting F and G streets between Second and Third streets.
Sussman lined up a Fortune 500 insurance company with whom he previously partnered, W.R. Berkley Corp. of Greenwich, Conn., to put up the lion’s share of the development costs, which could be near $1.5 billion. It is the chance to build four new office properties, the likes of which Sussman has been so successful at leasing, at a time when companies — led by tech firms — and their employees are quickly moving into downtown areas.
“That’s where their employees are going to want to be,” Sussman said. “You read about it in San Francisco because those employees don’t want to be in Palo Alto, despite the incentives of buses and shuttles and bikes. They’re going to want to be in the heart of the city.”
The agreement, however, carries tremendous upfront costs before Sussman can collect a dime of rent from the project.
To begin with, a 138-year-old brick building that housed District’s first synagogue was on the development site and could not be torn down. PGP negotiated a deal with the Jewish Historical Society of Greater Washington to move the 273-ton structure, twice. Once to get it off the development site, which was done by flatbed truck before construction began, and a second time to what will be its permanent home as a museum at Third and F streets.
Then there is the matter of the deck on which the buildings will sit, estimated to cost $200 million. Sussman has been pushing to get the Federal Highway Administration to close more than half a mile of I-395 in order to save as much as 18 months of construction time. To improve its chances, Property Group Partners has spent $330,000 with the public affairs firm Mercury/Clark & Weinstock since 2012, according to Opensecrets.org.
But the suggestion was met with disdain by drivers last week. Mayor Vincent C. Gray (D)  indicated he would not request the closure, effectively killing the idea.
A rendering of Capitol Crossing. (Courtesy PGP)
Looking at the leasing market downtown, a delayed construction schedule might not be such a bad thing. The white collar firms Sussman is used to courting have been downsizing, pushing the vacancy rate downtown to 11.3 percent. About 823,000 more square feet was vacated than occupied over the past 12 months. Also, one of the few big tenants in the market, Fannie Mae, recently took a pass on Capitol Crossing.
“If you look at the office market, it has been virtually void of net demand the last four years,” said Randolph C. Harrell, an executive vice president at the services firm CBRE. “Just kind of bumping along the bottom, which is not usual. I’ve been in the business 29 years, and this is the longest down market I’ve seen.”
Harrell and Sussman both said buildings with efficient floor layouts are still leasing well. Construction of the deck, Harrell said, would give companies looking to move far more assurance.
“Once they make the investment of $200 million, they’ve played the card at that point and they’ve got to go,” he said.
Sussman said it’s been difficult to lease the project because people have a hard time envisioning three new city blocks where there is currently empty space. “It’s very tough to get it. To see that. And I think once this infrastructure is complete, in seven or eight years people will say, ‘How come we didn’t do that before?’ ”
PGP has been marketing the project for more than a two years from its office on New York Avenue, but recently began pulling out all the stops in search of tenants. Scrapping an old three-dimensional model of the site, PGP purchased a new one that shows the neighborhood around it in intricate detail — down to the tulips along the sidewalk — and a second that interacts with an iPad program to highlight amenities.
Sussman in the marketing office. (Photo by Jeffrey MacMillan )
Visitors are shown a flashy video that’s nearly three minutes long on a wall of nine flat-screen televisions. Sussman said the idea is to give people a better idea of the location, which he said some have called “funny” or “questionable.”
“I love how people are saying it’s a questionable location. Questionable to what?” he said. “It’s the western end of the downtown area. It’s Capitol Hill. It’s a new area.”
He said he pictured Capitol Crossing as a legacy project for his company, one on par with some of the most ambitious work of his competitors.
“There are a bunch of developers who step out. Boston Properties, Vornado, JBG certainly, Carr, Akridge — they really step out and do big stuff. And I think the tenant community and the broker community tend to lag in interest because they don’t see it. They want to see it before they believe it,” he said.
Follow Jonathan O’Connell on Twitter: @oconnellpostbiz
Jonathan O'Connell has covered land use and development in the Washington area for more than five years.

Nobel in Oslo  mix-up in Bhopal: BJP leaders greet wrongKailashWritten by Milind Ghatwai | Bhopal |
Posted: December 12, 2014 4:22 am
Our colleague deserved the award, one said. There are others in our party who deserve it too, said another. The BJP has fixed it, they rule the Centre, a third shot back.
These were leading politicians of Madhya Pradesh reacting to the handing over of the Nobel Peace prize in Oslo to child rights activist Kailash Satyarthi, all the while confusing him for BJP Minister Kailash Vijayvargiya.
As one of them responded later, the question from TV reporters outside the assembly on Wednesday was, after all, about “Kailashji.”
Both the Kailashes are from Madhya Pradesh — Satyarthi from Vidisha and Vijayvargiya, who is in charge of Urban Development, from Indore.
There is no other publicly available information on what else is common between the two. Yet the leaders, including a couple of ministers, appeared confused.
“It’s a matter of honour that our colleague has won the Nobel. He has done a lot of social service and development in Indore,’’ said Public Health Engineering Minister Kusum Mehdele.
“There are several people in our party who deserve such awards,’’ said Tribal Welfare Minister Gyan Singh.
“There was nothing that Kailash Vijayvargiya did to get the honour. He has benefitted from the fact that BJP is ruling in MP and Delhi,” alleged Satyaprakash Sakhwar, BSP MLA from Ambah in Morena.
On Thursday, once reality bit, the reactions were equally bewildering.
“Is it such a serious matter? It was a mistake,” Mehdele told The Indian Express. The senior Minister then tried to justify her comment by questioning Satyarthi’s association with the state. “I was Women and Child Development Minister in the state twice, but I never came across him or his name. Have you ever heard of his name before?’’
Asked for his reaction to that reaction, Gyan Singh admitted that he had made a mistake. “I was not in the House (Assembly) and was coming out of a meeting when they put that question to me. I was not sure if anything had happened in the House (Assembly),’’ he said, claiming that the TV reporters had only asked him about “Kailashji”.
The Minister from Bandhavgarh also released a statement lauding Satyarthi’s work.
BSP’s Sakhwar, meanwhile, admitted that he had not heard of Satyarthi’s name before. Asked again about Satyarthi’s Nobel, he said, “What do foreigners know? His name must have been recommended by the BJP government.’’
Their reactions, meanwhile, had become the butt of jokes all over. It was even raised in the Assembly where, at the end of it all, there was only one man smiling — Kailash Vijayvargiya.

With a month left for Obama s R-day visit  US alerts India of possible attack by LeTAjit Doval
(The govt has decided to take…)
NEW DELHI: It was the United States which alerted India of an impending major terror strike in Delhi by Pakistan-based Lashkar-e-Taiba , triggering a comprehensive security review of the national capital by the Delhi Police and Intelligence Bureau .
"The alert came directly from US intelligence agencies...it was not a pin-pointed information and did not specify any place or time of attack but the input said there was clear intelligence with the US of a big terror strike somewhere in Delhi by LeT," a senior Home Ministry official told ET.
The government has decided to take no chances as the said tip-off from the US came shortly after the visit of US President Barack Obama to India was confirmed for being the chief guest at the Republic Day.
Sources in the home ministry said that besides taking extra steps to secure Delhi, IB has also begun a "coordination exercise" with neighbouring states like UP and Rajasthan, sensitising them of the terror threat and asking them to be on alert for any terror module in their jurisdictions which may target Delhi. "Many meetings have been held between state authorities and IB since. Delhi Police Commissioner BS Bassi has also met National Security Advisor Ajit Doval to brief him of the security measures taken for Delhi.
At Rajpath, where the Republic Day Function is held, Delhi Police and Nagaland Armed Police personnel have sealed off the VVIP enclosure and the main stage since earlier this month where Obama, PM Modi and President Pranab Mukherjee will be seated on January 26.
The area is out of bounds for public and regular anti-sabotage checks are being carried out there with the help of sniffer dogs and bomb-detection equipment even as CPWD workers are busy erecting the VVIP stage. Entry for all workers is being regulated by special security badges issued by the Delhi Police and metal detectors have been installed for access control. A plan is also being considered to close all government buildings around Rajpath two days in advance rather than one (as is the precedent) before January 26 to ensure more intensive security checking and seal off entire Rajpath from early January.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India has what it takes to launch its own National Health Service. But will itReforms and right steps towards universal health coverage can prove transformative for India
New York Times Dec 12, 2014, 04.28AM IST
Tags:
(It spends just over 1% of…)
By Lawrence H Summers
India has made extraordinary economic progress over the last few decades. Progress on human development, however, has not kept pace with its economic development.
While progress has been visible on health outcomes, with a 60 % reduction in child mortality and a twothird reduction in maternal mortality, the country continues to reflect some of the world's poorest health statistics. India reflects among the highest number of infant deaths: 48 per 1,000 live births, which is three times that of China and four times that of Thailand or Sri Lanka.
It spends just over 1% of its GDP on publicly-funded healthcare, and almost 7 in 10 people pay for their own healthcare, with 60 million Indians pushed into poverty every year as a result. In comparison, China's public health investments in 2011 were 2.9 % of GDP and Brazil's 4.1 %.
The Narendra Modi government has promised to turn these statistics around with several reforms in the pipeline. It has been designing a National Health Assurance Mission aimed at providing affordable healthcare to all citizens. While conversations are underway on universal health coverage (UHC), there is inadequate clarity as yet on which diseases it will prioritise, or how much it will spend on public health.
If the reforms are to have a real impact, three lessons laid out in the Global Health 2035 report must be kept in mind:
India will have to increase its domestic health investments:
Currently, the government spends around $20 billion each year on health. This could be doubled to about $45 billion per year. And if the additional investments were spent on the highest impact interventions, India could achieve a "grand convergence" in global health. Which means India's rates of avertable infectious, maternal and child deaths could plummet to those seen in the bestperforming middle income countries like Chile, China, Cuba, or Costa Rica, or 'the 4C countries'.
  To reach 4C levels, India needs to:
..Expand use of current medicines, vaccines and diagnostic tests..Build delivery systems that can efficiently distribute these life-saving tools..Ensure that new health technologies are used widely when they become available
The areas that will require the largest investments are maternal, newborn and child health; immunisations; aggressive malaria control; and health systems-strengthening. Since child death rates in India are higher in rural than urban areas, it will be particularly important to reach the rural poor.
Tackling drug-resistant tuberculosis must be another priority. The public health impacts would be profound — with investments to achieve convergence, around one million deaths, including 660,000 child deaths, would be averted each year from 2035 onwards.
And the economic payoff would be enormous. From now until 2035, for every dollar that India invests in achieving convergence, there would be a return of around $10. In financial markets, investments with foreseeable returns of 10 to 1 over reasonable time horizons simply do not exist.
Address the growing challenge of non-communicable diseases (NCDs):
Research by the World Economic Forum and Harvard University suggests that unless India takes concerted action to turn the tide on NCDs such as heart and lung disease, it stands to lose $4.6 trillion before 2030.
The Global Health 2035 report found that innovative fiscal policies - taxing alcohol, sugar and all forms of tobacco and reducing fossil fuel subsidies - could be a powerful lever for curbing NCDs and raising new revenues for health.
A recent study led by Sanjay Basu at Stanford University concluded that tobacco taxation would be a potent measure to avert future cardiovascular deaths in India. If India increased the price of tobacco by 50% through a tax, this would prevent 4 million deaths and generate $2 billion in revenue annually over the next 50 years.
India has to expand the right health insurance coverage:
As we celebrate Universal Health Coverage (UCH) Day, it is encouraging to see that Prime Minister Modi wants to expand health insurance coverage. But choosing the right pathway towards UHC will be critical.
The Global Health 2035 report examined various approaches to expanding insurance, including publicly-financed 'pro-poor' insurance schemes, catastrophic coverage and private insurance. The report found that the pro-poor schemes would yield the highest health gains per dollar spent while ensuring that the poorest gain the most in terms of health and financial protection.
These pro-poor schemes initially focus on ensuring that everyone receives high-quality primary care. They benefit the poor because they are disproportionately affected by these health problems.
Once everyone in India is covered with primary care, these schemes then expand to cover higher cost services. With the right health investments today, by 2035 India could rise to become among the 'best-performing' middle income countries in the world.
(The writer is Professor, Harvard University, and former economic advisor to President Barack Obama)
FEATURED ARTICLES

In Karnataka High Court  Centre argues for KambalaUpdated: December 12, 2014 07:49 IST
In Karnataka High Court, Centre argues for Kambala
Krishnaprasad
A Kambala race in progress at Pilikula near Mangalore. File Photo: H.S. Manjunath
Wants the sport to be allowed for now, but with some riders
The Union government on Thursday told the High Court of Karnataka to allow Kambala — a traditional slush track buffalo race — to be conducted for now, but with some riders, at the two coastal districts of Dakshina Kannada and Udupi.
However, the Animal Welfare Board of India (AWBI) has opposed the sport, saying that forcing the buffaloes itself amounted to “cruelty”.
Assistant Solicitor General of India Krishna S. Dixit, appearing for the Union government, pointed out some conditions, such as: not to subject buffaloes to cruelty; not to mutilate their body parts or apply irritant solutions on their body to make them run; and to provide proper food and water.
Suggesting that all Kambala events could be videographed to monitor whether any provision of the Prevention of Cruelty to Animal Act (PCA) was being violated, he said there is no scientific study or expert view on the impact of the race on the buffaloes, unlike the detailed investigative reports prepared on ‘Jallikattu’ (bullfight).
Mr. Dixit also pointed out that the apex court banned Jallikattu as extreme pain was inflicted on bulls before they were made to run. The manner in which the buffaloes are used in Kambala cannot be compared to Jallikattu.
The laws across the world, including the PCA Act, only prevents infliction of “unnecessary” pain or suffering on animals, but does not totally prevent infliction of pain on animals as the law itself permits killing, Mr. Dixit argued while stating that using a cane to “guide” cannot be termed as cruelty as farmers too use canes on buffaloes during ploughing.
However, AWBI counsel C.K. Nandakumar argued that the apex court’s verdict is clearly applicable for Kambala as making buffaloes run amounted to cruelty as buffaloes too belong to the same family of animals as bulls. Justice S. Abdul Nazeer has reserved his verdict.

Stocks snap losing streak on retail gainsStocks snap losing streak on retail gains
Eshwarappas impetuous talk leads to chaosUpdated: December 12, 2014 05:19 IST
Eshwarappa’s impetuous talk leads to chaos
Special Correspondent
Tweet
Leader of the Opposition K.S. Eshwarappa arguing with Law Minister T.B. Jayachandra in the Legislative Council on Thursday. Photo: D.B. Patil
Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Council K.S. Eshwarappa always garners attention through his impulsive remarks. He did it on Thursday in the Council again.
When the House resumed after the first adjournment, Mr. Eshwarappa was speaking on what he termed “double standards” of the Congress. However, an interruption by Law Minister T.B. Jayachandra made him lose temper and Mr. Eshwarappa shouted at him saying he was unfit to become a Law Minister.
Mr. Eshwarappa sought to know from Mr. Jayachandra “who made him the Law Minister”. His outburst resulted in the Congress members raising objections. Even as Congress leader V.S. Ugrappa sought that the objectionable comment be removed from the records, the House plunged into further chaos, which led to the second adjournment of the day.

GLOBAL MARKETS-Asian shares tread water  dollar stands tallGLOBAL MARKETS-Asian shares tread water  dollar stands tall
India set for uphill climb: PM | Rate cut won t lift growth: RajanArun Jaitley
("There is a mood of optimism…)
NEW DELHI: Likening his government's first six months in office as a period in which a sickly economy was nursed back to health, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has said the real "exercise" would start now in comments interpreted to mean a burst of hard policy-based measures may be imminent.
"A person who is unhealthy cannot derive benefit from exercise. The first six months of this government were focused on making India healthy once again. The exercise would begin now," a government statement quoted Modi as telling a group of 16 US-based economists on Thursday.
His comments come at a time impatience is rising about the government's inability to push through bold reforms that had been widely expected with Modi's ascension to office. Industrialists are already complaining behind closed doors about a lack of boldness in reforms and an absence of radical ideas, which they feel is resulting in a reluctance to commit fresh investments.
In its edition dated Dec 10, ET had reported the deliberations of a closed-door session of Confederation of Indian Industry last Saturday, at which some of India Inc's most prominent voices asked whether the government is doing enough to jumpstart growth, unlock infrastructure and spur fresh investment.
While business leaders conceded that the mood was upbeat, they said a lot more needed to be done for investments to kick in.
Many experts and commentators credit the improvement in several key economic indicators to a steep drop in commodity prices led by oil and some actions of its predecessor rather than what the government has done.
Speaking to the economists, who included globally renowned names such as Martin Feldstein, President emeritus of the National Bureau of Economic Research (NBER), former IMF acting Managing Director John Lipsky, Harvard professors Gita Gopinath and Emmanuel Farhi and former World Bank Chief Economist Anne Krueger, Modi said skill development and job creation were the government's top priorities.
"The Prime Minister said there would be a youth-centric focus to all policies of his government, as 65% of India's population is below the age of 35," the statement said.
  Modi also stressed the need to inject technology into government processes and decision-making, saying this would provide the best possible solution to the scourge of corruption.
Modi was assisted during the interaction by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, who flagged the various economic policy actions the government has taken so far and its priorities going forward.
"There is a mood of optimism and expectation from the new government, and the process of pragmatic and realistic decision-making was giving results," the statement issued by the Prime Minister's Office reported Jaitley as telling the economists.
It also said that the prime minister spoke of India's federal structure to be viewed as a "development mechanism" rather than just a constitutional arrangement as he reiterated his focus on building what he has called a 'Team India' in partnership with all state chief ministers to spur economic growth.
The PM said the government's focus on infrastructure and 'Digital India' would boost employment opportunities even in the rural areas, and that a key objective of the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana, opening bank accounts for the poor, has been achieved.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India set for uphill climb: PM | Rate cut alone won t lift growth: RajanIndia set for uphill climb: PM | Rate cut alone won t lift growth: Rajan
Google to close engineering office in Russia: WSJGoogle to close engineering office in Russia: WSJ
Bullet News: Catch the day s top storiese lounge Rewind: Bollywood stories of 2014
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Global climate talks lack urgencyGlobal climate talks lack urgency
Pilita Clark — Lima
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d26b62ac-7c3c-11e4-aa9c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Dozens blinded at India cataract campDozens blinded at India cataract camp
Amy Kazmin and Jyotsna Singh in New Delhi
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ec0eaf9e-7c68-11e4-aa9c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Oil price drop stresses urgency of climate dealFalling oil price stresses urgency of climate change agreement
Pilita Clark in Lima
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e0adb700-7c3e-11e4-aa9c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sierra Leone overtakes Liberia in EbolaSierra Leone overtakes Liberia in number of Ebola cases
Javier Blas, Africa Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/038441a8-7f92-11e4-86ee-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

People s Bank of China injects 400 bn yuan into banking system: reportsPeople's Bank of China injects 400 bn yuan into banking system: reports
People's Bank of China injects 400 bn yuan into banking system: reports
China's central bank has reportedly said it will maintain a "prudent" monetary policy.
http://www.indiainfoline.com/article/news-top-story/people-s-bank-of-china-injects-400-bn-yuan-into-banking-system-reports-114121100224_1.html
December 11, 2014 16:04 IST
http://content.indiainfoline.com/_media/iifl/img/article/default/glo_news.jpg
Please enter characters of the above image
 
Money matters for Newly Weds
India Infoline News Service / 11:47, Dec 12, 2014
Stepping into a new life comes with a multitude of responsibilities Therefore, it is important to include your spouse in your monetary affairs at the earliest in order to be on common grounds financially.
Friday, 02 January 2015 19:13 IST
Connect with IIFL :
Accountancy Advertising Budget Commerce Derivatives Economics Finance General Mgmt. HR Mgmt. IT Marketing Material Mgmt.
Stocks:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Mutual Funds:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Insurance:
Disclaimer Disclaimer - Research Disclaimer - Discussion Boards Disclaimer - Chat Disclaimer - Twitter Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
ATTENTION INVESTORS - "Prevent Unauthorized Transactions in your demat / trading account --> Update your Mobile Number/ email Id with your stock broker / Depository Participant. Receive information of your transactions directly from Exchanges on your mobile / email at the end of day and alerts on your registered mobile for all debits and other important transactions in your demat account directly from NSDL/ CDSL on the same day." - Issued in the interest of investors.
"KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary."
www.indiainfoline.com is part of the IIFL Group, a leading financial services player and a diversified NBFC. The site provides comprehensive and real time information on Indian corporates, sectors, financial markets and economy. On the site we feature industry and political leaders, entrepreneurs, and trend setters. The research, personal finance and market tutorial sections are widely followed by students, academia, corporates and investors among others.
Copyright © India Infoline Ltd. All rights Reserved.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. SEBI Regn. No. : INB231097537/ INF231097537/ INE231097537,
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.:INB011097533/ INF011097533/ INE011097533,
MCX Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INB261097530/ INF261097530/ INE261097537,
United Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INE271097532,
5

Rosneft and Essar agreed on key terms of Oil and Oil Products Supplies to Essar RefineriesRosneft and Essar agreed on key terms of Oil and Oil Products Supplies to Essar Refineries
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | December 11, 2014 15:54 IST
The reached agreement opens new horizons of cooperation between the two countries, thanks to the synergistic potential of the partnership in Upstream and Downstream areas of two leaders of the oil and gas industry of Russia and India
 
 
Rosneft and  Essar signed key terms of oil and oil products supplies to Essar refineries in India. Supplies may begin in 2015. Consequently Rosneft expands its distribution area and builds up deliveries to the region, where the world’s economy growth zones are concentrated.
The document was signed on December 11 in New Delhi by the Head of Rosneft, Mr Igor Sechin and the Founder of Essar, Mr Shashi Ruia in the presence of the President of the Russian Federation Vladimir Putin and the Honorable Prime-Minister of India Mr Narendra Modi.
The reached agreement opens new horizons of cooperation between the two countries, thanks to the synergistic potential of the partnership in Upstream and Downstream areas of two leaders of the oil and gas industry of Russia and India. Thanks to this agreement Rosneft grants itself a secure market outlet of oil and oil products, while Essar gains a reliable and stable partner as a supplier of oil and oil products to its refining facilities.
Commenting on the signing Igor Sechin said: “The strategic potential of reached agreement between Rosneft – a global leader of hydrocarbon production – and Essar – a world’s leading player in the refining area – can hardly be overestimated. The performance of the terms of the agreement will have a substantial impact on the scale of economical cooperation between Russia and India – our Company estimates that the implementation of the contract will fuel significant growth in the goods turnover between two countries. For our Indian partners the signing of this agreement represents a vital element of basic supplies diversification which, at the same time, will ensure energy security for the country. The Russian counterpart, in turn, will get the possibility of production and supplies volume planning to a new region with considerable growth potential”.
Talking on the agreement Shashi Ruia said: “We are very happy to partner Rosneft, a global leader in hydrocarbon reserves and production, for long term supply of crude oil and products. This provides good long term raw material security to our refineries.

Mahindra plans to buy stake in Swedish NEVSMahindra plans to buy stake in Swedish NEVS
Mahindra plans to buy stake in Swedish NEVS
NEVS, which owns the Saab brand of cars, had run in troubled waters after buying Saab from its earlier owner in 2012.
http://www.indiainfoline.com/article/news-sector-automobiles-ancillaries/mahindra-plans-to-buy-stake-in-swedish-nevs-114121100026_1.html
December 11, 2014 09:28 IST
http://content.indiainfoline.com/_media/iifl/img/article/default/glo_news.jpg
NEVS, Mahindra, National Electric Vehicle Sweden, Saab, electric cars
Automobiles & Ancillaries
Please enter characters of the above image
 
Money matters for Newly Weds
India Infoline News Service / 11:47, Dec 12, 2014
Stepping into a new life comes with a multitude of responsibilities Therefore, it is important to include your spouse in your monetary affairs at the earliest in order to be on common grounds financially.
Friday, 02 January 2015 19:13 IST
Connect with IIFL :
Accountancy Advertising Budget Commerce Derivatives Economics Finance General Mgmt. HR Mgmt. IT Marketing Material Mgmt.
Stocks:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Mutual Funds:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Insurance:
Disclaimer Disclaimer - Research Disclaimer - Discussion Boards Disclaimer - Chat Disclaimer - Twitter Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
ATTENTION INVESTORS - "Prevent Unauthorized Transactions in your demat / trading account --> Update your Mobile Number/ email Id with your stock broker / Depository Participant. Receive information of your transactions directly from Exchanges on your mobile / email at the end of day and alerts on your registered mobile for all debits and other important transactions in your demat account directly from NSDL/ CDSL on the same day." - Issued in the interest of investors.
"KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary."
www.indiainfoline.com is part of the IIFL Group, a leading financial services player and a diversified NBFC. The site provides comprehensive and real time information on Indian corporates, sectors, financial markets and economy. On the site we feature industry and political leaders, entrepreneurs, and trend setters. The research, personal finance and market tutorial sections are widely followed by students, academia, corporates and investors among others.
Copyright © India Infoline Ltd. All rights Reserved.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. SEBI Regn. No. : INB231097537/ INF231097537/ INE231097537,
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.:INB011097533/ INF011097533/ INE011097533,
MCX Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INB261097530/ INF261097530/ INE261097537,
United Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INE271097532,
5

EM rout highlights China currency cautionEmerging market rout highlights China caution on currency reform
Gabriel Wildau in Shanghai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/82477f2a-8107-11e4-896c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Fed tests the business model at US banksFed’s capital drive tests business model at US banks
Tom Braithwaite in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f95d0906-80c4-11e4-b5cf-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The bouncer brings players togetherMore
The terrifying bouncer
When Mitchell Johnson hit Virat Kohli on the helmet with a bouncer, Australian fielders came from everywhere. Mental disintegration had gone, replaced by the cricket unity. Two teams, one family.
By Jarrod Kimber at Adelaide Oval | ESPNcricinfo –  Thu 11 Dec, 2014 11:49 AM IST
0
Kohli is hit by a delivery from Johnson.
Mitchell Johnson walks down to Virat Kohli . His head is leaning to one side. He's trying to see underneath the helmet. He's trying to see if Virat is okay. His walk is quick and worried. There is no aggression. It's the same walk someone has after causing a traffic accident. He needs to get down there. He needs to know Virat is okay.
Johnson's eyes aren't fixed on a terrifying stare, they're terrified.
****
"Wooooooooaaaaaaah". James Brayshaw practically howling. He loses himself in commentary, he is paid to be loud and blokey. "Struck". He's barking excitedly. "Right on the helmet". But then Brayshaw realises the moment. This isn't a just another accurate bouncer. Brayshaw tries to dial back, it's not three weeks earlier, it's 63* time.
Brayshaw's commentary is echoed throughout the crowd. Woah, then quickly silenced. By the time the ball hits the ground it's already going silent. It feels like you can hear the ball hit the ground, this heavy thud. It's the last noise that registers for a while.
****
Kohli wasn't hit by a demon ball. It wasn't the shortest ball in the over, or the quickest. The ball to dismiss M Vijay was 89.3mph. The ball that hit Kohli was the same. The last ball of the over that Cheteshwar Pujara pulled for one was quicker, shorter and straighter. Kohli just got it wrong. Really wrong.
Batsmen have been getting it wrong a lot. The 'helmet generation' don't watch the ball. They don't get out of the way. They don't play it well. They don't leave it well. They just brace and hope. They have more padding and protection than any players before them, but they make it unsafe by doing the one thing that really saves you, never taking your eye off it.
Johnson's ball pitches short outside leg stump. Kohli is shuffling across and forward. He starts to squat down. But the ball isn't that short. Had he stayed up, it would have been barely chest height. Instead it's badge height. His eyes are down, the ball just goes straight for him while he attempts the bouncer foetal position.
The peak of the helmet is flicked. The badge is smashed. The ball trickles down his body and lands at his feet. The helmet covers his eyes.
****
Australian fielders turn up from everywhere. Chris Rogers puts a hand on him. So does David Warner . Brad Haddin comes in as well. Kohli is surrounded by Australian fielders.
The same fielders that Faf Du Plessis referred to as a pack of dogs. The same men who then howled at du Plessis like wild dogs. The same men who told James Anderson to prepare for a broken f***** arm.
The same men; but not the same.
They stood around for support, not for sledging. The arms weren't broken, they were rubbed. Mental disintegration had gone, it was replaced by the cricket unity. Two teams, one family.
****
Johnson makes his way back to the boundary. He is a wicket taker, on a flat pitch; the crowd would usually celebrate this with rapturous applause as he got closer. Instead there are a few claps, but the wicket isn't on people's mind. Johnson hitting the badge is.
The crowd is still on mute.
****
"Give him another one" yells someone in the crowd.
****
Virat Kohli had his helmet off for all of six seconds.
He was shaken up; his head was hit by something at 90 miles per hour. He was surrounded by well wishers. Worried looks from each and every one of them. But, had the same thing happened, and Johnson gone straight back to his mark, Kohli might have been ready to face without any delay.
That couldn't happen, not for this hit, not at this time. Kohli pushes away Pujara. Kohli nodded at Clarke. Kohli waves the umpires back. Maybe he was in shock. Maybe he was trying to posture. Maybe he didn't want to be seen as the victim.
Kohli is hard. By the time Johnson had turned to walk back, it was clear which man was more shaken.
****
The next ball was three miles quicker. The same line. The same length. Virat plays it fine.
****
Johnson turns, and despite the fact that Kohli is okay, Johnson is not.
Clarke runs over to ruffle his hair. Then puts his hands on his shoulders. Johnson looks like someone who has just seen something he shouldn't have. He tries to act busy, walk past Clarke. A stop at the crease to check his footmarks. Maybe trying to trick himself into forgetting the last ball. The last fortnight. All of it.
The ball before he tapped the 408 on his shirt. He couldn't forget.
It was in his eyes. It is on his face. It was on his mind. It is on his mind.
Mitchell walks back to his mark. It feels like a long hard walk. It was. It is.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

BJP chief Amit Shah slams NC  PDP  Congress for  lack of development  in J&KAbid Soffi , IBNLive.com | Dec 11, 2014 at 11:24pm IST
Srinagar: BJP president Amit Shah on Thursday launched a scathing attack on the ruling National Conference (NC)-Congress government in Jammu and Kashmir as well as on the opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) alleging that the funds being sent by the Centre were not reaching the people of the state. However, he too, like Prime Minister Narendra Modi, skipped the Article 370 issue.
"Each year hundreds of crores of rupees are released by the central government, but not a single penny has reached the deserving. The people in power instead filled their own coffers,'' Shah said.
Without naming any party, Shah said the people have given chance to all parties to run the governments in the state since Independence, but they have failed to carry out development as there were no hospitals, doctors, proper electricity and water supply.
"Each year hundreds of crores of rupees are released by the central government, but not a single penny has reached the deserving. The people in power instead filled their own coffers,'' Shah said.
Asking people not to vote for the NC or PDP in order to teach them a lesson, he said, "Now give BJP a chance for all-round development of the state which has lacked in all fields while other states of the country have marched ahead."
"The BJP in the 2014 Lok Sabha elections got an absolute majority, now it is your turn to give a similar mandate to the party in the state for overall development," he said.
Hitting out at Omar Abdullah, Shah said his government failed to help the people of the valley during and after the devastating floods in September.
Shah alleged that successive governments in the state indulged in loot of money which was sent by the Centre for development of the people. "During the September floods, people of the state, particularly Kashmir valley, suffered heavy losses. The Centre sent Rs 1700 crore which has not reached the flood victims, he alleged, and said the people informed him that they were not paid anything by the government so far.
Alleging that the state has lost the race of development due to inefficient and corruption governments, Shah said the other states in the country have made progress in every field.
"People in J&K are not getting 24-hour power and water, many areas have no roads while those where road existed these are damaged," he said, adding there are hospitals but no doctors and medicine, there are schools without buildings and teachers even after more than 60 years of Independence.
Shah said once voted to power in the state, the BJP government will provide better roads, schools, hospitals, 24-hour electricity and more tourist inflow to the Valley. "Give Kamal (lotus) a chance to blossom in your heart as politicians of other parties have played with your sentiments since independence," the BJP president said, and appealed to the people to strengthen the hands of Prime Minister Modi.
Shah also upped the ante on Congress and blamed it for backwardness in the state. "Congress shared power with PDP and NC in the state during the past 12 years, but during all this time they failed the people of the state. They are now spreading fear among the voters of the Kashmir valley about BJP," he said.
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

From Intention to Action: Five Ways to Build Diverse Leadership Teamsreddit
Across industries, diverse leadership teams drive high performance. They make better decisions, improve financial outcomes, create a competitive edge, compete more effectively for talent, and reduce employee turnover.
To provide practical guidance for education organizations and others to build more racially and ethnically diverse leadership teams, Education Pioneers and Koya Leadership Partners have co-authored a report, "From Intention to Action: Building Diverse, Inclusive Leadership Teams in Education to Deepen Impact."
In the report, we share five key ways that organizations can build high-functioning, diverse leadership teams, based on results from a quantitative survey and accompanying interviews with educational leaders:
#1 Customize your vision and strategy. Defining diversity and why it matters establishes the foundation for building more diverse, inclusive teams.
What you can do: Establish a diversity vision, definition, and rationale to fit your organization's unique culture and needs. Ensure that the message that diversity matters comes your board and executive leaders, and weave your vision and priorities into your mission and culture.
#2 Focus on impact and metrics. Organizations that track performance metrics can strategically deploy resources and continue or halt initiatives based on what the data says about their effectiveness.
What you can do: Use the report's Organizational Audit Checklist to assess your organization's current diversity and inclusion practices and set a baseline. Then, identify a set of key performance metrics based on your customized vision and strategy, assign accountability to an individual or individuals, and share results across the organization regularly.
#3 Focus on recruiting and selection practices. There are a number of steps organizations can take to strengthen performance and outcomes in recruiting and selection practices.
What you can do: Establish strategic partnerships that connect your organization with diverse talent pipelines, and ensure that internal recruiters and hiring managers know good sources for candidates of color. Train your staff on unbiased interviewing and selection processes.
#4 Invest in leadership development to retain high performers. Leadership development is vital to ensure that all team members, particularly employees of color, remain engaged and advanced in their careers.
What you can do: Implement a process for identifying high-potential employees. Offer a range of informal and formal professional development tools, such as buddies, mentoring, and coaching. Regularly evaluate internal talent to ensure employees of color are in your leadership development pipeline.
#5 Ensure ongoing discussion. Best practice organizations regularly engage in meaningful dialogue at different levels, from one-on-one talks to company-wide discussions. They talk about diversity and what it means to the organization, why it is important, and what the organization is doing to achieve it.
What you can do: Start a dialogue at your organization and keep it going.
In education, the children and communities we serve need and deserve the most effective leadership teams that we can assemble. To get there, it's time to move from good intentions to meaningful action by building and empowering diverse, inclusive leadership teams.
Follow Scott Morgan on Twitter: www.twitter.com/scottmorgan1
More:

Regulatory issues with Amazon resolved: K taka tax deptAmazon may be participating in google's shopping jamboree, but the american e-commerce major is still facing some major tax hurdles in Karnataka.
E-retail giant Amazon is having a tough time navigating the indian regulatory rain forest.
It all started in july 2014 when Karnataka's commercial tax department issued notices to over 100 third-party merchants to stop storing their products in amazon's warehouse in bengaluru. When no response was forthcoming within set deadlines, the department took the next step - it sent out notices canceling the licences of these dealers. Now, however, karnataka's chief minister says this particular tussle between the tax department and the e tailer will be resolved soon.
Siddaramaiah, Chief Minister, Karnataka said, "There is no issue. We will settle it. There is no problem. We have already discussed with the people of Amazon."
The state government may be optimistic about a quick resolution, but the state's tax department says the e-tailer has neither paid value added tax, nor sales tax on many of the transcations. On its part, Amazon says it is working to put this problem behind it, saying it's more a case of bad laws, and less about non-compliance.
Its statement to CNBC-TV18, Amazon management said, "We have been working with the relevant authorities to address their concerns. We understand this to be a case where the laws have not kept pace with the new-age online business models that enable a faster, convenient and nationwide access to customers for sellers, especially small and medium businesses, at significantly low costs. We await a resolution."
For the moment, the tax department has not prevented Amazon India from operating its warehouse in Bengaluru, and experts say the state government could play ball, as it will not want to see the e-tailer heading to another state. But the very fact that Amazon has been living on the edge for a prolonged period of time does not bode well for India's aspiration to rise up in the ease of doing business rankings.
RELATED NEWS

India  Russia to explore oil and gas; aim for $30 bn tradeDec 12, 2014, 01.51 AM IST  | Source: PTI
India, Russia to explore oil and gas; aim for $30 bn trade
Russian President Vladimir Putin and Prime Minister Narendra Modi envisage broader collaboration between hydrocarbon companies in oil and gas exploration and production as well as in LNG projects and supplies.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
India, Russia to explore oil and gas; aim for $30 bn trade
Russian President Vladimir Putin and Prime Minister Narendra Modi envisage broader collaboration between hydrocarbon companies in oil and gas exploration and production as well as in LNG projects and supplies.
Post your opinion here
 
Looking to deepen economic and trade ties, India and Russia today agreed to jointly explore for oil and gas, build petrochem plants, lay pipelines and cooperate in infrastructure development and smart cities to treble bilateral trade to USD 30 billion by 2025.
Russian President Vladimir Putin and Prime Minister Narendra Modi envisage broader collaboration between hydrocarbon companies in oil and gas exploration and production as well as in LNG projects and supplies.
"It is expected that Indian companies will strongly participate in projects related to new oil and gas fields in the territory of the Russian Federation. The sides will study the possibilities of building a hydrocarbon pipeline system, connecting the Russian Federation with India.
"They will also examine avenues for participation in petrochemical projects in each other's country and in third countries," a joint statement said.
The leaders have encouraged Indian and Russian companies to pursue greater participation in each other's power generation projects, as also in supply of equipment, technology for enhanced oil recoveries and extraction of coal, including coking coal.
Recognising the enormous untapped potential in bilateral trade, investment and economic cooperation, the two leaders encouraged businesses to explore opportunities arising from increasing national focus on infrastructure development and expanding the manufacturing sector.
It is expected that Russian companies will utilize the opportunities in a wide range of Indian sectors and will 'Make in India', it said.
The two sides agreed to step up efforts for enhancing bilateral trade in goods and services and set a target of USD 30 billion by 2025, it said adding "it is expected that the level of mutual investments by then will be over USD 15 billion each way."
It also said that an emphasis will be laid on promoting Russian investments in India in major infrastructure projects like DMIC, smart cities and freight corridors, telecom, power and roads.
"In Russia, Indian participation in Industrial Parks and technology platforms, in sectors like pharmaceuticals, fertilizers, coal and energy will be encouraged," it said, adding that the two sides would encourage specialized investment funds to invest in these sectors and in the joint manufacturing of high technology products.
"In this context, they welcome the initiative of a direct investment fund of USD 2 billion between Rosnano and suitable Indian investment partners for implementation of high-tech projects. They will protect the legitimate interests of investing companies," it added.
In particular, it said, both the sides will enter into discussions to renegotiate the existing bilateral agreement for protection and promotion of investments, initially agreed on 23 December 1994, to provide for the protection of foreign investments in each other's territory.
The two leaders will encourage payments in national currencies for bilateral trade. "The Working Group established for this purpose will make recommendations on eliminating the existing barriers and stimulating transactions in national currencies," the joint statement said.
The leaders agreed that the initiative launched by India and the Eurasian Economic Commission for a Joint Study Group (JSG) to explore the feasibility of a comprehensive economic cooperation agreement covering trade in goods, services, investment cooperation, movement of natural persons and mutual recognition of standards, is of great importance for bilateral economic cooperation.
"The Russian side will support the productive work of the JSG so that this Group completes its study within an optimal timeframe," it said adding "the leaders noted that the International North-South Transport Corridor can vastly improve the efficiency of bilateral trade by significantly reducing transit time and freight costs".
India and Russia would work together to conclude the necessary multilateral arrangements and outreach to step up the use of this corridor at the earliest.
The leaders also noted that the governments of the two countries and their industry representatives should join hands to disseminate information about business opportunities in each other's countries.
"The sides also agreed on mutual trade facilitation measures, particularly with regards to simplified customs procedures. In this context, they agreed to finalize shortly a protocol on a "Green Corridor" project," it said.
RELATED NEWS

Modi asks Putin to remove taxes to add sparkle to diamond tradeModi asks Putin to remove taxes to add sparkle to diamond trade
At ease with Current Account Deficit  says Raghuram RajanAt ease with Current Account Deficit  says Raghuram Rajan
Hong Kong police arrest protesters  dismantle main rally siteHong Kong police arrest protesters  dismantle main rally site
Fed tests business model at US banksFed’s capital drive tests business model at US banks
Tom Braithwaite in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f95d0906-80c4-11e4-b5cf-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India ban threatens Xiaomis expansionIndia ban threatens Xiaomi’s overseas expansion
James Crabtree in Mumbai and Charles Clover in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3dfc93d6-8103-11e4-896c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Xiaomi relocates customer data from ChinaChina’s Xiaomi moves some customer data overseas
Tom Mitchell in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7470c3ee-5a73-11e4-8625-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Mercks Ebola vaccine trial suspendedMerck’s Ebola vaccine trial suspended
David Crow in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/325860ec-814d-11e4-896c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ebola vaccine shows promise in trialsEbola vaccine shows promise in trials
Andrew Ward in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5ea3fa40-757b-11e4-a1a9-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China  Turning away from the dollar© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4ee67336-7edf-11e4-b83e-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The etailer that spares Indias blushesBlissbasket spares India’s blushes in spite of risqué products
Amy Kazmin
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4e5a6464-7a15-11e4-8958-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ethics of designer babiesDecember 5, 2014 6:58 pm
Shades of grey in the ethics of designer babies
Anjana Ahuja
One might hope society would recoil at selecting the perfect shade embryo, writes Anjana Ahuja
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8fc7854a-7bb3-11e4-a695-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Winter is coming  were they just fooling usWritten by Dipankar Ghose | Agra |
Posted: December 12, 2014 4:44 am | Updated: December 12, 2014 4:48 am
The slippers had no straps, the mugs had no handles, and the walls were made of paper. This was just like any of the other 56 huts in Vednagar Basti, stitched together by tarpaulin and plastic rags, every belonging taken from the waste that Agra had thrown by the wayside.
But Jamal’s hut used to be different — it had a 19-inch TV. For three days, the ragpickers stayed glued to that TV, watching as they became unwitting participants in a national uproar. They watched as protesters shouted slogans about them in Agra, they saw politicians
speak with authority on their conversion in distant Dehi.
Till Wednesday night, when the Muslim families here realised that Jamal had not returned after leaving early in the morning, with his belongings on a cart.
He was not the only one. Twelve other huts are now empty, the men, women and children that lived in them gone. They left in a hurry, and not everything was taken.
But those who remain in the basti think they will never be seen in Agra again. “We are all scared,” said one of them, 32-year-old Jahangir. “First, we were duped into converting into Hinduism. Then it became such a big issue that the people on TV started saying there was tension in the country because of us. We saw speeches saying that big people were angry with what happened and that there was danger of unrest.”
Mumtaz Begum
Mumtaz Begum, who separates waste that her husband collects all day, said she saw many leave late on Tuesday night, and early on Wednesday morning. “Who will want to stay here now? We are poor people, we just want to avoid trouble. Some have gone to Gobar Basti on the outskirts. Maybe they will come back, but why should they? What is left here?” she said.
Ali Amin, 14, cut in. “But we have to stick together. We all speak the same language, and pick rags for a living. They should not have left on their own. Everybody here has a reason for why they came. I came from Myanmar as a refugee. Others came from Bengal to find work, some from very close to the Bangladesh border. One boy even works here because he’s on the run from police. We can’t have any trouble,” he said.
As he spoke, 32-year-old Mudassir, who worked as a waiter in Agra before being thrown out for not knowing Hindi, and 26-year-old Imran, who had wanted to be a tourist guide, stood behind him, nodding their heads in agreement.
Since Monday, a constant stream of visitors have come and left Vednagar Basti. The police have come with questions, clerics have come offering solace, and politicians have come with assurances.
When one large group of maulanas from the city offered them a place to stay, many continued…

Cornered Govt counters: Bring anti-conversion lawWritten by Rakesh Sinha , Raghvendra Rao | New Delhi |
Posted: December 12, 2014 4:34 am | Updated: December 12, 2014 8:51 am
Under Opposition fire for allowing RSS and its affiliates to push ahead with their conversion and ‘ghar wapsi’ campaigns, the government told Lok Sabha Thursday it was in favour of anti-conversion laws in all states and at the Centre too.
Opening a three-hour discussion on the issue of religious conversion — it was agreed upon after chaotic scenes in the House over the conversion of 57 Muslim families in Agra by Bajrang Dal activists — the Opposition mounted a spirited attack which lost steam when one of its own, the Samajwadi Party, broke ranks.
To the merriment of the treasury benches, SP leader Mulayam Singh Yadav, whose son Akhilesh Yadav is heading the government in Uttar Pradesh, repeated what some in the BJP said: “Nothing happened in Agra… will you run this House by reading newspapers?”
Later, Parliamentary Affairs Minister M Venkaiah Naidu’s remark “I am proud I have an RSS background” led to an uproar and the entire Opposition walked out without waiting for him to complete his reply to the discussion. “How can you allow a minister to speak in such a way,” angry Opposition members were heard telling the Speaker.
In his reply, Naidu said: “The RSS is a great organisation of the country. RSS means Ready for Selfless Service. That is RSS. I am proud I have an RSS background. It is because of RSS background, discipline, character, calibre, capacity that I have come to this level. We feel proud. Many of us have this background.”
Ignoring the walkout, he continued: “Some people are allergic to the word Hindu… Let there be anti-conversion laws in all states, let there be an anti-conversion law at the Centre… these people (Opposition) go on like a stuck HMV record… let me assure you, the Government will do all it takes to maintain harmony in this country.”
He said only five states — Arunachal Pradesh, Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh, Himachal Pradesh and Odisha —  currently have anti-conversion laws.
Key leaders on both sides were missing during the discussion — Prime Minister Narendra Modi and senior ministers, barring Venkaiah Naidu and Ananth Kumar, were not present in the House; Congress leaders Sonia Gandhi, Rahul Gandhi, Mallikarjun Kharge too were absent.
Jyotiraditya Scindia of the Congress, who opened the discussion, was repeatedly interrupted by BJP members when he accused the RSS, its Dharm Jagran affiliate and Bajrang Dal of being behind conversion and  ‘ghar wapsi’ campaigns.
“Our country is a bouquet of not one kind of flower but many. The fragrance of its many flowers spreads across the world… I am proud to be a Hindu but my religion does not teach me to be narrow-minded, or have a narrow ideology. My dharm is a philosophy… It is being said that this (Agra incident) is just the start. They now want to convert Christians… this polarisation is part of a programme. If the soul of this country gets continued…

Nobel in Oslo  mix-up in Bhopal: BJP leaders greet wrong KailashWritten by Milind Ghatwai | Bhopal |
Posted: December 12, 2014 4:22 am
Our colleague deserved the award, one said. There are others in our party who deserve it too, said another. The BJP has fixed it, they rule the Centre, a third shot back.
These were leading politicians of Madhya Pradesh reacting to the handing over of the Nobel Peace prize in Oslo to child rights activist Kailash Satyarthi, all the while confusing him for BJP Minister Kailash Vijayvargiya.
As one of them responded later, the question from TV reporters outside the assembly on Wednesday was, after all, about “Kailashji.”
Both the Kailashes are from Madhya Pradesh — Satyarthi from Vidisha and Vijayvargiya, who is in charge of Urban Development, from Indore.
There is no other publicly available information on what else is common between the two. Yet the leaders, including a couple of ministers, appeared confused.
“It’s a matter of honour that our colleague has won the Nobel. He has done a lot of social service and development in Indore,’’ said Public Health Engineering Minister Kusum Mehdele.
“There are several people in our party who deserve such awards,’’ said Tribal Welfare Minister Gyan Singh.
“There was nothing that Kailash Vijayvargiya did to get the honour. He has benefitted from the fact that BJP is ruling in MP and Delhi,” alleged Satyaprakash Sakhwar, BSP MLA from Ambah in Morena.
On Thursday, once reality bit, the reactions were equally bewildering.
“Is it such a serious matter? It was a mistake,” Mehdele told The Indian Express. The senior Minister then tried to justify her comment by questioning Satyarthi’s association with the state. “I was Women and Child Development Minister in the state twice, but I never came across him or his name. Have you ever heard of his name before?’’
Asked for his reaction to that reaction, Gyan Singh admitted that he had made a mistake. “I was not in the House (Assembly) and was coming out of a meeting when they put that question to me. I was not sure if anything had happened in the House (Assembly),’’ he said, claiming that the TV reporters had only asked him about “Kailashji”.
The Minister from Bandhavgarh also released a statement lauding Satyarthi’s work.
BSP’s Sakhwar, meanwhile, admitted that he had not heard of Satyarthi’s name before. Asked again about Satyarthi’s Nobel, he said, “What do foreigners know? His name must have been recommended by the BJP government.’’
Their reactions, meanwhile, had become the butt of jokes all over. It was even raised in the Assembly where, at the end of it all, there was only one man smiling — Kailash Vijayvargiya.

Encapsulating the beauty of RajagopalaUpdated: December 11, 2014 17:49 IST
Encapsulating the beauty of Rajagopala
Pradeep Chakravarthy
Tweet
A view of Mannargudi Rajagopala Swamy Temple gopuram in Tiruvarur District. Photo: M. Srinath
The temple tank with the gopuram of Mannargudi Rajagopala Swami Temple in the background in Mannargudi. Photo: M. Srinath
TOPICS
arts, culture and entertainment
The Mannargudi temple has caught the fancy of many artists.
(Beginning this week, we travel to four outstanding temples in Tamil Nadu, which are immortalised in songs that are rendered in concerts even today.)
Many songs have attained special status just for the way M.S. rendered them. Among the gems is the ‘Viribhoni’ varnam in Bhairavi by Pacchimiriam Adaiyappa. The varnam is a short piece with Muktayi swaram and several rounds of chittaiswarams that capture the essence of the raga. Deceptively simple, they were probably placed in the beginning of the concert for the singer to warm up for the complex songs to follow.
The brisk pace of the varnam also gets the audience into the mood. M.S.’s rendition of the swaras in higher speed was legendary and so entrancing that one would not pause at the simple sahitya of the song – “This beautiful damsel is yearning for you, handsome Lord of Southern Dwaraka, Sri Rajagopala who has a smiling face.”
We know very little of Adaiyappa, except that he was a musician in the Thanjavur court, possibly counted Syama Sastri and Ghanam Krishna Iyer among his disciples. We do, however, know he had a high aesthetic sense – for who cannot love the smile of the utsava deity in the Mannargudi Rajagopala Swami temple?
The Mannargudi Rajagopala Swami temple received special attention among the Nayak kings since it was also their tutelary deity. King Vijayaraghava, a great composer in his own right, was so enamoured of the temple that he composed several songs and dance-dramas on the deity. In his bid to elevate the status of the temple through literature, he transferred even stories of the Azhwars such as Vipranarayana (Thondaradippodi) to have been set in Mannargudi and Ranganatha as Rajagopala. His ‘Vipranarayana Charita Yakshagana’ is well worth staging today and would look divine if done in Mannargudi, where it must have originally been performed. ‘Hemabjanayika Swayamvaramu’ is another dance drama that narrates the marriage that takes place between the temple goddess and Rajagopala. Kaliyamardhana has detailed lyrical descriptions of Mannargudi equated to Vaikunta. All these dramas have several different genres of music – darus and padams being predominant.
Vijayaraghava’s mudra was Mannarudasa, servant of this temple – Mannar here as another name for Rajagopala.
Another composer who sang of the temple is Muvvanallur (not Muvalur) Sabhapatayya. He was inspired by the padams of Kshetrayya, who visited Thanjavur to compose them. Sabhapatayya created his own style of metaphor while retaining the structure of padams that Kshetrayya created. Sabhapatayya’s padams are rarely sung or danced, but when they were performed in the temple they must have been magical amidst the soft glowing oil lamps in the mandapam. In the Nayak times, the temple must have been as much a preferred venue for music and dance as the Thanjavur palace itself!

PSBs to make a beeline for stock mkt after Cabinet nodPublic sector banks to make a beeline for stock market after cabinet nod
Dheeraj Tiwari, ET Bureau Dec 12, 2014, 09.19AM IST
Tags:
economy
(The list includes the country’s…)
NEW DELHI: Leading state-run banks could start lining up to raise funds from the stock market just as the economy seems to be recovering, providing investors a chance to pick up shares and allowing lenders to raise capital to meet stringent Basel III norms.
This follows the union cabinet's approval for stake sales in such institutions on Wednesday as long as the government retains a minimum 52% holding. The finance ministry is set to chalk out a share-sale strategy for the banks, about 10 of which have submitted plans to the government to raise nearly Rs 33,000 crore to meet capital requirements.
The list includes the country's largest lender, State Bank of India , which has sought approval for raising Rs 25,000 crore over the next few years.
Public sector banks could be among the biggest beneficiaries of economic revival, according to experts. Foreign investors would be interested in the public offerings given the wide network of these lenders and the possibility of consolidation that is one of the stated objectives of the government, they said."We are in discussions with banks. The instrument, offer size and timing of the issue will be decided by the respective bank boards," said a senior government official, requesting anonymity.
The applications under review include those of IDBI Bank , which has sought approval for raising Rs 4,000 crore, and of Indian Overseas Bank for raising Rs 1,200 crore through the Qualified Institutional Placement (QIP) route. Public sector banks can raise up to Rs 1.6 lakh crore from the market if they are permitted to bring down the Centre's holding to 52% in a phased manner, according to the government's estimates.
In this scenario, the government will have to provide budgetary support of Rs 78,895 crore in 2015-19 as part of the banks' capital-raising efforts. "As the government is likely to receive an amount of Rs 34,500 crore from public sector banks as dividend, the net outgo will only be Rs 44,395 crore," the government had said in a statement on Wednesday. Public sector banks require equity capital of Rs 2.4 lakh crore by 2018 to meet Basel III capital adequacy norms.
For the current fiscal, the government has allocated Rs 11,200 crore for bank capitalisation."The banks will be raising this amount over a period of five years or more," said the official cited earlier, adding that the government's stake will be reduced in tranches. "Each bank will tap the market as per their requirement."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Wall St bounces back from 3-day slumpHome Depot
(Among the day's biggest…)
NEW YORK: US stocks bounced back on Thursday, with the S&P 500 surging more than 1 per cent, as data pointed to a strengthening US economy and boosted optimism about holiday spending.
The gains come after the S&P 500 shed 2.4 per cent over the previous three sessions, the worst run for the benchmark index in two months, as weak oil prices weighed down the energy sector.
Still, lower oil prices likely encouraged consumer holiday spending, and retail sales data for November beat expectations. The S&P retail index jumped 1.7 per cent, lifted by a 2 per cent climb in Home Depot .
"It suggests overall spending is going to do well, and today's rally confirms the resumption of a year-end rally which probably will take the S&P to about 2,100," said Peter Cardillo, chief market economist at Rockwell Global Capital in New York.
Other economic data showed a strengthening labor market, as weekly initial jobless claims dipped by 3,000 to an adjusted 294,000, while the drop in oil prices helped spur the biggest decline in US import prices in 2-1/2 years.
Consumer discretionary shares and technology led gains on the S&P 500, with the S&P consumer discretionary index up 1.3 per cent. Energy shares rebounded with Brent crude oil prices. The S&P energy sector, up 0.9 per cent on the day, is down about 12 per cent for the year so far.
Brent crude, down more than 40 per cent from its June high, was last up 0.6 per cent.
At 2:15 p.m., the Dow Jones industrial average rose 161.59 points, or 0.92 per cent, to 17,694.74, the S&P 500 gained 21.23 points, or 1.05 per cent, to 2,047.37 and the Nasdaq Composite added 57.13 points, or 1.22 per cent, to 4,741.16.
The day's economic data may influence investors' expectations on whether the Federal Reserve will adjust its pledge to keep interest rates near zero for a "considerable time" when policymakers meet next week.
Among the day's biggest gainers was Urban Outfitters , up 9 per cent. Lululemon Athletica jumped 9.6 per cent after the maker of yoga apparel posted quarterly results.
Staples Inc jumped 6.5 per cent and Office Depot climbed 11.3 per cent after activist investor Starboard Value LP disclosed stakes in both office-supply retailers.
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by 2,167 to 901, for a 2.41-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,915 issues rose and 792 fell for a 2.42-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 was posting 35 new 52-week highs and 10 lows; the Nasdaq Composite was recording 86 new highs and 64 lows.
FEATURED ARTICLES

House of Representatives Votes on  Cromnibus  Bill Intended to Avoid ShutdownHELP
[{"id":15048938,"hedshort":"RADAR - Rain and Ice Impacting Parts of the South","description":"","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUweather80F196_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"RADAR - Rain and Ice Impacting Parts of the South","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUweather80F196_16x9_608.jpg"},{"id":20969244,"hedshort":"EXPLORE.ORG: Puppy Hill - Great Dane Service Puppies","description":"Meet the Great Dane puppies being raised at the Service Dog Project. Located in Ipswich, Massachusetts","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/LIVE_VERSIONS_AppleTV_20140815_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"EXPLORE.ORG: Puppy Hill - Great Dane Service Puppies","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/LIVE_VERSIONS_AppleTV_20140815_16x9_608.jpg"}]

Nikkei Gains on Weak Yen  Strong US DataNikkei Gains on Weak Yen  Strong US Data
US alerts India of a possible terror attack by LeTUS alerts India of a possible terror attack by LeT
Tell us your views on Modi government s perf...Infrastructure (smart cities, bullet trains)
2) Which has been the most significant policy reform of the government?
Replacing the Planning Commission with a new body
Increase in FDI limit in insurance and defence
Decision to not pursue retrospective tax cases against companies
Lifetime visas for Persons of Indian Origin (PIOs)
Relaunch of Kisan Vikas Patra
3) Who is the best-performing minister in the Modi government?
Arun Jaitley

Ethanol buy price fixedDec 11, 2014, 09.40 AM IST  | Source: PTI
Ethanol procurement price by OMCs fixed at Rs 48.5-49.5/ltr
In November 2012, the government had mandated compulsory 5 percent blending of ethanol in petrol but the programme has not extended beyond certain centres because of supply and pricing issues.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Ethanol procurement price by OMCs fixed at Rs 48.5-49.5/ltr
In November 2012, the government had mandated compulsory 5 percent blending of ethanol in petrol but the programme has not extended beyond certain centres because of supply and pricing issues.
Post your opinion here
 
In a bonanza for sugar mills, the  government today fixed a price of Rs 48.50-49.50 per litre for procurement of ethanol for blending with petrol, a rate much higher than the price oil companies presently pay to buy the sugarcane extract.
In November 2012, the government had mandated compulsory 5 percent blending of ethanol in petrol but the programme has not extended beyond certain centres because of supply and pricing issues.
The procurement price of ethanol was earlier decided by oil companies and the suppliers of ethanol. The Cabinet Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA) today fixed the delivered price of Ethanol in the range of Rs 48.50 per litre to Rs 49.50 per litre, depending upon the distance of sugar mill from the depot/installation of the public sector oil marketing companies (OMCs), an official statement said today.
For the distance ranging from 0-100 kms price is fixed at Rs 48.50 per litre, for 101-300 kms price will be around Rs 49.00 per litre and for the distance more than 300 kms price will be around Rs 49.50 per litre, the statement added.
"The rates proposed would be delivered price at depot location and inclusive of all Central and State taxes, transportation costs, etc which would be borne by the Ethanol suppliers," it added.
OMCs will incorporate the "Supply or Pay" clause duly backed up with bank guarantee in their supply agreement with ethanol suppliers. Besides that, OMCs will also sign memorandum with the
State Governments for a comprehensive system for uninterrupted inter-depot transfer of Ethanol within a State. This may include annual excise permits to OMCs for movement of Ethanol and other relevant measures, it said.
Oil firms presently pay about Rs 29/litre for ethanol. The Food Ministry had said that ex-sugar mill price of ethanol is around Rs 42.02 per litre. For ethanol suppliers, the landed cost of ethanol at the OMCs depots would be around Rs 49 per litre.
RELATED NEWS

Best ads of 2014: Share your favourite ads with BrandWagonRoche loses patent for osteoporosis drug in India
She pouts. She smiles. She waves her hand. She virtually screams for your attention. Finally, you give her a thumbs up. Her day is made. Sounds familiar?
Here’s another. Not a fiery speech but a stammering monologue. It gets him rousing applause. And we drink to that. Does that ring a bell?
Still clueless? We are talking about the ads that made television viewers in 2014 stop in their tracks, chuckle and say a silent thank you for entertaining them for a full 30 seconds, sometimes even more.
Bringing out a list of the year’s best ads is a ritual at BrandWagon. This year we have advertising stalwarts Prasoon Joshi, president, South Asia, McCann Worldgroup and CEO, McCann Worldgroup India; KV Sridhar, chief creative officer, Sapient Nitro; Sam Balsara, CMD, Madison World; Santosh Desai, MD and CEO of Future Brands; Meenakshi Menon, chairperson, Spatial Access; Rohit Ohri, executive chairman, Dentsu India Group; and Arun Iyer, national creative director, Lowe Lintas helping us shortlist 2014’s Best Ads.
This year, however, we are inviting our readers to share their favourite ads, too. We will include them in our long list before finalizing the best.
To get you started, we are sharing those that caught our eye – Airtel’s ‘Smartphone network’ ad, the Pepsi ‘Gharwali Diwali’ film, Raymond’s ‘Knowing when to let go’ campaign, Tanishq’s ‘Sunheri Diwali’ ad, Idea’s ‘No ullu banaoing’ campaign, Ranveer Singh’s ‘Do the rex’ ad, the Indian Kabbadi League’s ‘Life is kabbadi’ campaign, Whisper’s ‘I touched the pickle’ ad, Myntra’s ‘Live for likes’ ad, the Titan ‘proposal’ ad, Vodafone’s Zoozoo campaign, Havells’ ‘Respect women’ campaign, Kaun Banega Crorepati’s ‘Jo dilon ko jeetey’ campaign and Hyundai’s just released ‘Life is brilliant’ corporate campaign.
Airtel’s ‘Smartphone network’ ad
Pepsi ‘Gharwali Diwali
Raymond’s ‘Knowing when to let go’ campaign
Tanishq’s ‘Sunheri Diwali’ ad
Idea’s ‘No ullu banaoing’ campaign
Ranveer Singh’s ‘Do the rex’ ad
The Indian Kabbadi League’s ‘Life is kabbadi’ campaign
Whisper’s ‘I touched the pickle’ ad
Myntra’s ‘Live for likes’ ad
The Titan ‘proposal’ ad

Audi launches A3 Cabriolet  priced at Rs 44.75 lakhAudi launches A3 Cabriolet in India, priced at Rs 44.75 lakh
IANS     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 11, 2014  | 16:14 IST
Audi, the German luxury automobile manufacturer, has launched the A3 Cabriolet in India. The carmaker's first compact convertible sports car is priced at Rs 44.75 lakh (ex-showroom Delhi).
The vehicle is capable of sprinting from 0 to 100 kms per hour in just 7.8 seconds with a top speed of 242 kms per hour.
"First showcased at the Auto Expo 2014, the car received an overwhelming response from customers, which prompted us to introduce this car into our already robust product line-up in India," said Audi India head Joe King.
According to the company, the vehicle is powered a 1.8 litre petrol engine with direct injection and turbocharging and output of 132 kW (180 hp) which can produce 250Nm of torque.
The engine is mated to a seven speed S tronic dual-clutch transmission which changes gear almost instantly resulting in uninterrupted power delivery with improved efficiency.
Audi said it has clocked its best-ever annual sales in calendar year 2013 (10,002 units) and financial year 2013-2014 (10,126 units).
"The compact luxury segment is growing the fastest in the luxury car industry. The introduction of the Audi A3 Cabriolet will further strengthen our dominance in this space," said King.

Russian bank VTB to lend India s Essar $1 bnRoche loses patent for osteoporosis drug in India
Russian bank VTB  will open a $1 billion credit line to Essar Group, chief executive Andrei Kostin said on Thursday during a visit to New Delhi by President Vladimir Putin.
Kostin also said that VTB would not ask for more than 250 billion roubles ($4.6 billion) in financial assistance from a government rainy-day fund called the National Wealth Fund.
Russian banks have faced difficulties in refancing due to Western sanctions.
Kostin also said that state-controlled VTB has no plans to leave the London Stock Exchange, where its shares are listed.
($1 = 54.9200 roubles)
Post Comments
More from companies

Coal swapping to help govt save Rs 6 000 croreCoal swapping to help govt save Rs 6,000 crore, improve fuel supply to power plants
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 11, 2014  | 19:29 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The government is working on a swapping arrangement of coal, which will help save Rs 6,000 crore and improve fuel supplies to power plants, the Parliament was informed on Thursday.
Coal and Power Minister Piyush Goyal informed the Lok Sabha that coal production had significantly increased in the last few months.
Replying to questions, Goyal said the government was working on an arrangement under which coal blocks will supply fuel to the nearest power plants, under a swapping arrangement to rationalise coal linkages.
The coal minister explained that since coal blocks mostly have arrangements with power plants located far off, it leads to heavy expenses on carriage. This issue will be addressed through the swapping arrangements between coal blocks.
Citing an example, Goyal said, recently NTPC and Gujarat State Electricity Corp entered into a pact for swapping one million tonnes of coal, which is expected to save the government over Rs 300 crore in costs.
The experiment will then be expanded to other states, he said, adding it will help save Rs 6,000 crore and benefit consumers.
Separately, Goyal said that as many as 11 public sector banks have exposure to various coal linkages worth over Rs 51,000 crore.
Quoting information received from the Department of Financial Services, the minister said, "11 banks have exposure to the tune of Rs 51,203.96 crore against coal linkages, 10 banks have no exposure, whereas six banks have not given information."
Goyal was replying to a query on whether state-run lenders grant credit against coal linkages and their details.

Delhi rape case: Unregistered taxi services asked to stop operationsRoche loses patent for osteoporosis drug in India
In the wake of Centre’s advisory to states to ensure stoppage of web-based taxi services following the alleged rape of a 27-year-old woman executive in Delhi, Karnataka government today said all taxi services not registered in the state will be considered illegal and will have to stop operations immediately.
“All those taxi services who have not registered in the state will be considered illegal and will be stopped from operating. Those who have registered will be legal and can operate as usual,” Transport Commissioner Rame Gowda told PTI.
The Centre on Tuesday had asked all states and Union territories to ensure stoppage of web-based taxi services, including Uber.
“The Ministry of Home Affairs has advised the state governments/UT administrations to ensure that the operations of the web-based taxi services are stopped,” Home Minister Rajnath Singh had said in a suo motu statement in Rajya Sabha.
Asked if any time would be given to taxi services to register, Gowda said “no, they can’t operate. With immediate effect they will have to stop.”
On Uber, he said “…they have also not registered, so illegal terms will apply to them as well.”
Following the rape of the the woman executive in Delhi by a taxi driver, City Police had on Tuesday issued instructions that all drivers must get their background verification done before December 31.
Instructing taxi drivers and owners that all the 25 permit conditions must be strictly followed, police had said “if the permit conditions are violated by a taxi, the operator or the aggregator, whoever it may be, will be jointly liable for criminal action.”
Post Comments
More from companies

Volume concentration declines in bull-runVolume concentration declines in bull-run
Sachin P Mampatta | Mumbai Dec 11, 2014 10:45 PM IST
The concentration of volumes in the top 100 stocks has declined in the current financial year over the previous year, with a larger number of stocks being traded as the bull market picks up steam.
The top 100 stocks accounted for 67.8 per cent of the cash market volumes on the BSE, and 82 per cent on the National Stock Exchange (NSE) in FY14. This has fallen in the current financial year to an average of 61.57 per cent on the BSE, and 74.07 per cent on the NSE; according to regulatory data.
The cash market involves buying and selling of the actual shares in the company, and not derivatives based on these shares.
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi)'s latest monthly bulletin record that an increasing number of shares have seen trading activity.
There were 5,498 stocks available for trading on the BSE, according to the Sebi data. Of this, 3,023 stocks were traded in October 2014 - the latest month for which data is available. In the same month last year, 2,621 stocks were traded.
The number of stocks eligible for trading on the NSE was 1,597, says the bulletin. A total of 1,555 stocks saw trading activity in October 2014, compared to 1,521 in October 2013.
Emails sent to the two exchanges did not receive a reply immediately.
The decline in concentration of the Top 100 stocks is still short of the FY13 figure of 60.6 per cent on the BSE, although it is marginally better than the 76.8 per cent on the NSE.
The pick-up in mid-cap and small-cap companies has also contributed to the lessening of the concentration numbers, according to Satish Menon, executive Director of Geojit BNP Paribas.
"There has been a rise in mid-cap and small -cap companies as investors have begun to come back to the segment. So this automatically means that volumes would not be as concentrated as they were before," he said.
There is also an increasing demand for information on smaller companies, said Pankaj Pandey, head of research at ICICIDirect.
"Once the market has turned positive, the amount of visibility in mid-cap and small-cap companies also increases. Activity may be restricted to the larger companies when sentiment is negative, but once that reverses, all participate," he said.
Menon added the majority of cash market volumes are still intra-day, which means that investors only take positions that are squared off within a single trading session. Since this requires a greater amount of liquidity, such activity is concentrated in the more liquid stocks; thus resulting in a situation where volumes chase more volumes. This changes as the market picks up.
Both the Sensex and midcap indices hit all-time highs in 2014, although the small-cap index is still off its highs.

PSU bankers paid very poorly  rues SBI chiefPSU bankers paid very poorly, rues SBI chief
By: PTI |        New Delhi |  December 11, 2014 7:46 pm
Post Comments
Summary
SBI chief Arundhati Bhattacharya today said that bankers are paid very poorly in India, especially at public sector banks.
Bankers are paid poorly in India as compared to their counterparts elsewhere in the world, SBI chief Arundhati Bhattacharya. (PTI)
Lamenting that bankers are paid very poorly in India, especially at public sector banks, SBI chief Arundhati Bhattacharya today said there is an urgent need to provide better remuneration to attract good talent.
Bankers are paid poorly in India as compared to their counterparts elsewhere in the world, she said.
“Let me start with income of banking professionals in India. Here, 70 per cent of the banks are in public sector and they are paid very very poorly compared to market,” she said at Delhi Economic Conclave here.
The SBI chief said there is urgent need to improve quality of board members by providing them suitable renumeration so that the overall efficiency improves.
“We are very blessed in that. SBI has invariably had very good quality board. But that may not be true across (other banks’) board. One of the reasons is very low renumeration that is given to the board directors,” she said.
“If you are trying to attract best in the field, they have to be remunerated accordingly. We must insist on people who are coming into the board having sufficient hands on experience in both planning and execution in their respective areas,” she said.
So, this is something that government can easily implemented and should be done, she added.
The comments come about a week after PSU bank employee unions went to a four-day relay strike to press for early revision of wages.
With regard to governance, she said P J Nayak Committee has very clearly laid out certain roadmap as to how governance can be taken forward.
“I believe the government is looking at it. While they do look at it, I believe there are very some low-hanging fruits and those could be easily implemented within a short period of time,” she added.
Talking about changing regulation in tune with the present system, Bhattacharya said India has over 60 Acts and multiple rules and regulations that govern the financial system at the moment.
“Many of the laws are from 1950s and 1960s. The banking regulations themselves they were established before ATMs, credit cards, internet banking, investment advisory, private banking, mutual funds,… whole lot of other things,” she said.
“These acts have been amended from time to time to keep pace with changing reality but the legal foundations have remain more or less static and as the result the framework is very complex and inconsistent,” she said.
“Occasionally, it is also open to regulatory arbitrage. So, we need to look at these things also holistically and move the laws to be in tandem with the times,” she added.
With regard to improving governance, Bhattacharya also pitched for a good Whistle Blower policy with the objective to protect innocent and punish guilty.
“In the area of governance, its very very important especially in the public sector banks to nurture and have a good Whistle Blower policy to ensure that people who actually give right information are properly rewarded and those who actually misuse the system they are penalised,” she said.
“We must free the public sector from the disgruntled and weapons of anonymous and superfluous complaints that they use. These complaints very often contain allegations that are totally full of lies but a lot of resources get tied up in looking into these things,” she added.
Good people who have taken strong decision should not be unnecessary paralysed on account of false allegations, she said.
Post Comments
More from bankingampfinance

Uber cabs reacts  says rape in Delhi  made us reflect ; vows to  come backAlmost a week after the Delhi rape case, Uber cabs has issued a second, much more elaborate statement in which it has indicated what steps it is taking in the wake of the crime.
Read full statement:
We are sorry and deeply saddened by what happened over the weekend in New Delhi. Our hearts go out to the victim of this horrible crime. We have been and will continue to do everything in our power to assist the authorities to help bring the perpetrator to justice.
The events of this week have made us reflect on our operations in India and we are immediately undertaking a number of important actions. During this review, we will suspend operations in New Delhi.
First, let us acknowledge that we must do better; and we are conducting a full audit of our verification, rider feedback and support processes. We are implementing measures to ensure that critical rider feedback is escalated immediately and immediate action is taken in every instance. We are also re-reviewing rider feedback on every driver partner across India to make sure nothing has been missed.
Second, we are assessing all driver screening processes. We are evaluating additional screening options to include background checks on all our driver partners in India above and beyond what is currently required.
Third, we will also bring in our global best practices where it would enhance our India safety efforts.
Fourth, we will also partner closely with organisations that are championing women’s safety here in New Delhi and around the country.
Safety is our top priority. We are fully committed to partnering with and are in discussions with the government, other transportation organisations and safety experts in India to implement robust solutions to ensure a safe ride.
Our efforts will not end there. Uber stands shoulder to shoulder with the cities we serve, and are investing in technology advances to help make cities a safer place.
Your support means a lot to us. We will come back better and stronger for the New Delhi community, ready to serve you again.
Posted by Karun Arya
December 11, 2014
A girl at a candle light march, days after the rape by Uber Cab driver, at Jantar Mantar in New Delhi on Dec 8th 2014. (Express Photo: Ravi Kanojia)
What Uber promises and what it delivers: Disclaimer on cab service provider’s website.
Post Comments
More from companies

Gujarat HC rejects AAP plea to issue notice to PM Narendra Modi in affidavit caseBy: Press Trust of India | Ahmedabad |
Posted: December 11, 2014 8:35 pm
Upholding the order of a trial court, the Gujarat High Court rejected an Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) member’s plea seeking issuance of notice to Prime Minister Narendra Modi in connection with his affidavit filed before the 2012 Gujarat state assembly election.
Justice J B Pardiwala turned down AAP member Nishant Verma’s application saying that issuance of notice is the jurisdiction of the sessions court.
Verma had challenged a sessions court order and demanded issuance of notices to Modi and returning officer P K Jadeja of the Maninagar assembly seat in 2012.
“I do not find any good reason to interfere with the order passed by the revisional court (sessions court). I am sure that while disposing of the criminal revision application (of Verma before the session court), the learned judge would keep in mind the provisions of Section 401 (2) of the code,” Justice JB Pardiwala said in his order.
“In the result, this petition fails and is hereby rejected. I clarify that I have otherwise not gone into the merit of the matter. The revision application shall be decided on its own merit without being influenced in any manner by any of the observations made by this court in this order,” the order said.
In his main plea, which is pending before the sessions court, Verma had sought legal action against Modi and Jadeja in the 2012 affidavit case.
Later, he demanded summoning of both Modi and Jadeja before the court, which was rejected on October 10 by Additional Sessions Judge G N Rana, after which he approached the Gujarat High Court.

Indian Navy engineer found dead on INS GodavariBy: Express News Service | Ahmedabad |
Posted: December 11, 2014 7:29 pm | Updated: December 11, 2014 9:37 pm
An Indian Navy engineer allegedly committed suicide by hanging himself onboard the INS Godavari, a naval ship sailing near Porbandar coast on Thursday. The engineer was reportedly found hanging dead in unknown circumstances at the control room of the ship.
The Porbandar police identified the him as Narottam Singh Tomar (24), a native of Gwalior in Madhya Pradesh, who served as a Mechanical Engineer (ME-I) on INS Godavari.
The police added that he had hanged himself in the ship’s control room when his colleagues had reportedly not started their day’s work.
SP Porbandar Deepan Bhadran while confirming the incident said, “The Navy engineer had committed suicide inside the ship when the ship was at sea for their regular excercise. His body has been brought to Porbandar now”.
Kirtimandir Sub-Inspector DK Vaghela said, “His body was found hanging in the early morning hours when the ship was inside the sea. The officials alerted the Navy officials and they contacted police. The ship was then brought to Porbandar jetty and his body was taken to civil hospital”.
Vaghela added, “The officials on board were unaware of the incident till one of them saw him hanging and raised an alarm. As of now, no specific reason has been found behind this however we are inquiring with the sailors on board.
The police added that Tomar was declared brought dead by the doctors at the civil hospital. The police added that the Navy has contacted the family members of the deceased in MP.
The Kirtimandir police station has registered a case of accidental death and started a thorough investigation.

Will oppose Muslim reservation by Telangana govt: Praveen TogadiaBy: Press Trust of India | Sangareddy |
Posted: December 11, 2014 9:04 pm
Senior VHP leader Praveen Togadia on Thursday said his organisation will oppose any move by the K Chandrasekhar Rao-led Telangana government in providing 12 per cent reservations to Muslims.
Addressing a ‘Virat Hindu Sammelan’ here on the eve of the golden jubilee celebrations of VHP, Togadia, who is international president of the organisation, said the party will take legal recourse if the state government comes up with any such move.
“VHP will oppose any move by the state government for providing 12 per cent reservations to Muslims and will take legal recourse if needed,” Togadia said.
Providing of reservations to Muslims was one of the promises made by Rao’s Telangana Rashtra Samithi (TRS) in its poll manifesto in April.
Togadia also appealed to Hindus to eradicate untouchability and maintain unity “to save the religion”.
“Each and every Hindu should maintain cordial relations with SC/ST’s and upper and lower castes should share common kitchens,” he said.
Raking up the issue of “love jihad”, Togadia said VHP was not against “pure love”.
“Love jihad is not pure because Hindu girls are converted to Islam after their marriage but in no case any Muslim boy gets converted to Hinduism.. This is clearly the ‘love jihad’ and we are against it,” Togadia said.
He said that construction of the temple of Lord Ram in Ayodhya is the matter of “self respect” to Hindus.
VHP national president G Raghava Reddy and regional president Rama Raju also spoke on the occasion.

Muslims vow fightback  Darul to revive anti-conversion wingComments
Islamic seminary Darul Uloom Deoband, an influential seat of Sunni Islam in the subcontinent, Thursday asked the government to stop “illegal conversion” of Muslims to Hinduism and vowed to “take steps” to “protect the faith”.
Muneera Begum, one of the 300 Muslims who converted to Hinduism in Agra, talks to Samajwadi Party leaders and clerics. Raju Tomar/HT
The steps could include resurrection of its dormant ‘conversion prevention’ wing, called Fitna-e-Irtehad, and pressing its countrywide network of affiliated clerics to bolster Islam, seminary rector Abul Qasim Nomani told HT. However, he said Darul Uloom would never do anything to “create confrontation”.
The conversion of 300 Muslims in Agra and plans for more such ‘ghar wapsi’ (homecoming) ceremonies by Hindu groups affiliated to the RSS, the BJP’s ideological fountainhead, threatens to become a sectarian flashpoint, as prominent Muslim religious figures said they would fend off such attempts through “lawful steps”.
“I don’t want to discuss in the media what steps we should take, as these are religious matters. You know Islamic institutions have services such as Fitna-e-Irtehad to deal with this problem. We are examining all this,” Nomani said. 
Delhi’s Jama Masjid imam Ahmed Bukhari is set to make a major speech at Friday payers, which are attended by over 10,000 Muslims, in which he will spell out his stand.
“If the government does not intervene, then Muslims will be free to act to defend their faith. Wait for my sermon tomorrow,” he said.
A Jama Masjid Foundation official said the imam had summoned a meeting of affiliated mosques. Bukhari also plans to visit Aligarh where Hindu outfits are planning more conversions around Christmas.
“As religious heads, we will certainly launch a mission to renew our faith. That is the solution,” Bareilly-based Maulana Tauqir Raza Khan, a prominent cleric of the Bareilvi sect of Sunni Islam, said.
The conversion issue came up for a second straight day in Parliament with a cornered government asserting its commitment to maintaining communal harmony and suggesting that all states and the Centre have anti-conversion laws. Replying to a debate in Lok Sabha, parliamentary affairs minister M Venkaiah Naidu rejected allegations against the RSS and accused the opposition parties of spreading “misinformation” to “tar” the image of the Sangh and the government.
Targeting the Congress in particular, Naidu said “some people are allergic to the word Hindu” and they target the RSS and the government over any or other development.

Teens hacked  headless body found in South DelhiComments
The severed body of an 18-year-old teenager — with his heart and private parts ripped out — was found in south Delhi’s Bhati Mines forest area on Thursday afternoon. The body, identified as that of Kuldeep, was found 500 meters from his house in the same area.
Family members of Kuldeep said the boy had last talked to them on Wednesday night. (HT Photo)
Kuldeep’s family members claimed he was stoned to death and then his head, found 50 yards from the body, was chopped off.
“His neck had been squashed with stones and the police found his severed and disfigured head nearby,” said Vijay Pal, a local resident who had caught a glimpse of the body.
Police officers at the spot claimed that Kuldeep’s arm was ripped off. It was later recovered near the body. His heart and private parts were still missing.
“Initial investigations suggest that the accused used stones to kill the victim. The accused left Kuldeep’s body in the jungle to make it look like an animal attack,” said a police officer.
The police ruled out robbery as the cause of murder and registered a case at Fatehpur Beri police station in south Delhi. “We recovered the bike of the victim and his other belongings from the crime scene, which rules out robbery or loot. We have found important clues from the spot,” said a police officer.
Investigators are looking at a love triangle angle and personal enmity as cause of the murder. “The body of the victim was found in a very gruesome state,” said DCP (south) Prem Nath.
Locals who alerted the police claimed that the body had been so brutally dismembered that it could only be identified with the help of a tattoo. “The boy had his name tattooed on his arm, which helped us in recognising him,” Pal added.
The incident came to light at about 2:24pm when local residents crossing the area noticed the body. They initially suspected an animal attack, though on closer inspection of the body it became clear that the boy had been murdered brutally.
“Tension prevailed in the area as soon as the news of the murder spread in the afternoon. On further probe, we found that the body was that of Kuldeep,” said Mahipal Singh, uncle of the victim.
Kuldeep, according to his family members, had turned 18 on November 10 and had recently joined a private company in Gurgaon as a courier.
“He had joined the company on Monday and spoke to us for the last time on Wednesday around 8:49 pm. After that, his phone was switched off and we had no idea about his whereabouts,” said Vir Chand, Kuldeep’s father.
Kuldeep had for the last time spoken to his brother and assured him that he would be home in 20 minutes. The family began to panic after the boy failed to return that night. Krishna Devi, the mother of the victim, claimed that none of his friends knew about his whereabouts.

Down but not out: CIA fights back  counters torture reportprint
CIA
Countering US senate’s report, three former CIA directors argued in an op-ed on Wednesday, enhanced interrogation programme worked and helped foil terrorist plots.
Some other former employees of the intelligence outfit have set up a website, ciasavedlives.com, to counter the narrative of a rogue agency portrayed by the senate report. They have found widespread support from officials of the Bush administration, when the programme was in use. Vice-president Dick Cheney called the senate report “crap”.
CIA has been hit very hard by the report. And though it has issued a detailed rebuttal, Director John Brennan is scheduled to address a rare news conference later Thursday.
In the oped in The Wall Street Journal, directors George Tenet, Porter J Gross and Michael Hayden said the report was “one-sided”, “marred by errors” and “partisan attack on the agency”.
They argued that the programme helped disrupt terrorist plots and prevent mass casualty attacks, get to know al Qaeda a whole lot better and capture its operatives. Information extracted from Abu Zubaydah, who has matured prominently in the report, through the interrogation programme led to the capture of Ramzi Bin al-Shibh.
And information obtained from them both, through the use of the same programme again, netted Khalid Sheikh Muhammad, also called KSM, the 9/11 mastermind.
And KSM led the CIA to Riduan Isamuddin, aka Hambali, East Asia’s chief al Qaeda ally and the perpetrator of the 2002 Bali bombing in which more than 200 people died. “We are convinced that both ( Zubaydah and KSM) would not have talked absent the interrogation program,” wrote the former directors.
KSM also helped them reach Hambali’s brother, who was then plotting a 9/11-style attack on the west coast. “Had that attack occurred, the nightmare of 9/11 would have been repeated.”
And, as had been noted by theory before, CIA claims, the programme would go on and help in capturing Osama bin Laden.
 

Centre set to further dilute CBI boss powerCentre set to further dilute CBI boss’ power
Aloke Tikku , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 12, 2014
First Published: 00:47 IST(12/12/2014) | Last Updated: 00:53 IST(12/12/2014)
Comments
The Modi government has initiated a move to gain a greater say in Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) prosecutions by making the CBI’s chief prosecution officer “functionally independent” of his boss, the CBI director.
Anil Sinha has been chosen as CBI director to succeed outgoing chief Ranjit Sinha after a meeting in Delhi.
The director of prosecution (DoP) is a government nominee, unlike the CBI chief, who is selected by a panel made up of the Prime Minister, head of the opposition and the Chief Justice of India.
The latest development dilutes the effect of changes in the law made last year that ensured that the DoP, who decides if a case is fit for criminal prosecution, would have to function “under the overall supervision and control” of the CBI director.
Under the new legislation being brought before Parliament in the current winter session, the DoP can disagree with the CBI chief, and the government’s top law officer, the attorney general, will be given the power to adjudicate when there is a difference of opinion.
This dilution of the CBI chief’s control over a key function comes 18 months after Supreme Court slammed the CBI for being a “caged parrot” and called for it to operate independently.
An official statement said the proposed amendments would provide “functional independence” to the DoP, who is a joint secretary-rank officer.
The CBI and the government have been in a tug of war over control of the prosecution wing, that was completely under the law ministry’s charge till last year.
This position changed after a Supreme Court verdict and then the lokpal law which placed him under the CBI director.
A government official said the provision to refer cases to the attorney general in case of differences was a convention that had been followed by the agency for years.
Since the DoP was under the CBI director’s control now, there was a need to give this convention statutory backing.
The Supreme Court had first recommended creation of an independent directorate of prosecution in the CBI in its famous Vineet Narain judgment of 1997 to end government interference in cases investigated by the agency.
But successive governments have resisted giving up control over the prosecution wing.

Cornered Govt counters: Bring anti-conversionlawWritten by Rakesh Sinha , Raghvendra Rao | New Delhi |
Posted: December 12, 2014 4:34 am | Updated: December 12, 2014 8:51 am
Under Opposition fire for allowing RSS and its affiliates to push ahead with their conversion and ‘ghar wapsi’ campaigns, the government told Lok Sabha Thursday it was in favour of anti-conversion laws in all states and at the Centre too.
Opening a three-hour discussion on the issue of religious conversion — it was agreed upon after chaotic scenes in the House over the conversion of 57 Muslim families in Agra by Bajrang Dal activists — the Opposition mounted a spirited attack which lost steam when one of its own, the Samajwadi Party, broke ranks.
To the merriment of the treasury benches, SP leader Mulayam Singh Yadav, whose son Akhilesh Yadav is heading the government in Uttar Pradesh, repeated what some in the BJP said: “Nothing happened in Agra… will you run this House by reading newspapers?”
Later, Parliamentary Affairs Minister M Venkaiah Naidu’s remark “I am proud I have an RSS background” led to an uproar and the entire Opposition walked out without waiting for him to complete his reply to the discussion. “How can you allow a minister to speak in such a way,” angry Opposition members were heard telling the Speaker.
In his reply, Naidu said: “The RSS is a great organisation of the country. RSS means Ready for Selfless Service. That is RSS. I am proud I have an RSS background. It is because of RSS background, discipline, character, calibre, capacity that I have come to this level. We feel proud. Many of us have this background.”
Ignoring the walkout, he continued: “Some people are allergic to the word Hindu… Let there be anti-conversion laws in all states, let there be an anti-conversion law at the Centre… these people (Opposition) go on like a stuck HMV record… let me assure you, the Government will do all it takes to maintain harmony in this country.”
He said only five states — Arunachal Pradesh, Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh, Himachal Pradesh and Odisha —  currently have anti-conversion laws.
Key leaders on both sides were missing during the discussion — Prime Minister Narendra Modi and senior ministers, barring Venkaiah Naidu and Ananth Kumar, were not present in the House; Congress leaders Sonia Gandhi, Rahul Gandhi, Mallikarjun Kharge too were absent.
Jyotiraditya Scindia of the Congress, who opened the discussion, was repeatedly interrupted by BJP members when he accused the RSS, its Dharm Jagran affiliate and Bajrang Dal of being behind conversion and  ‘ghar wapsi’ campaigns.
“Our country is a bouquet of not one kind of flower but many. The fragrance of its many flowers spreads across the world… I am proud to be a Hindu but my religion does not teach me to be narrow-minded, or have a narrow ideology. My dharm is a philosophy… It is being said that this (Agra incident) is just the start. They now want to convert Christians… this polarisation is part of a programme. If the soul of this country gets continued…

Guest post: Donbas has been split into pro-Ukrainian and pro-Russian enclavesSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Snapdeal buys start-up to get more gifting ideasSnapdeal buys start-up to get more gifting ideas
Russia s VTB Bank provides another $1bn to Essar GroupRussia s VTB Bank provides another $1bn to Essar Group
Huge online discounting hurts franchiseesYou are here: Home > Collections
Heavy online discounting hurts franchisees' expansion plans
Rasul Bailay, ET Bureau Dec 12, 2014, 04.25AM IST
Tags:
Abhishek Ganguly
(Puma has stopped selling…)
NEW DELHI: The battle between e-commerce and brick-and-mortar retail, having exacted on a toll on stores selling electronics brands, is now leading to casualties in other segments. Franchisees of Benetton, Tommy Hilfiger, US Polo, Puma, Lee, Wrangler and Calvin Klein say they are being forced to freeze expansion of stores because of the heavy discounting onslaught by ecommerce companies.
"We are holding expansion plans until the next season," said Keshav Tiwari, retail head for Samarth Lifestyle that operates more than 100 outlets of Puma, US Polo, Nautica, Tommy Hilfiger and several other labels. Mohali based Kapsons, which runs about 200 franchisee stores of various Indian and global brands, is only opening a few stores catering to children. It's putting on hold a plan for five department stores of 30,000-40,000 sq ft each. Another Delhi-based franchisee of Benetton and Adidas said his company has completely frozen store opening plans for 2015 primarily because of the impact of e-commerce and also because of rising rentals.
"It is confirmed that most expansions are on hold. Even companies have put their own stores on hold," said the head of one of the country's largest franchisee groups. "They are also suffering and they themselves are not expanding." Such a freeze could also have an impact on mall rentals as demand for space declines, unless the moves by brands to ease the situation take effect. This involves having separate product lines for online and offline. The brisk rise of e-commerce in recent years and heavy discounting by them is creating tensions between franchisees and brands. Franchisees of various brands complain that the companies are selling products cheaper online and that's eating into their businesses.
Samarth was expecting 10-15 per cent growth in sales this year, instead they fell by almost 25 per cent with most of the decline coming since September, when discounting rose to new levels as ecommerce firms clocked billions of rupees in sales during the crucial Diwali season.
One large franchisee operator said online prices are at times below even the wholesale rate.
"Their (online) discounts are more than wholesale rates, which is rare in any business. You are buying for X amount and selling for X minus Y amount. In such a case any brick-and mortar player could get bankrupt," the person said, adding that real world retailers generally get around 35 per cent margin on products and that ecommerce discounts exceed this.
Puma India managing director Abhishek Ganguly said most online discounted products are old stock that's also available at the company's factory outlets. But franchisees say online discounts are not limited to old stock but also apply to fresher items as sites accept coupons and offer other schemes that involve a lower price.
Some companies are now following the strategy of electronics companies. J Suresh, chief executive of Arvind Lifestyle Brands, which sells US Polo Association, Nautica and other brands, told ET his company has entered into agreements with online retailers not to "undervalue" the company's products through heavy discounting. His company is on track to open another 50 US Polo stores in the current fiscal year.
Other labels are also looking to ensure that those who run stores are protected. Many of the franchisees ET spoke to said brands such as Puma, Benetton, US Polo Association and others have pledged to work on strategies to segregate offline and online products.
 
For example, Puma has already stopped selling some high-end products on e-commerce sites and starting next spring-summer season, the company will fully separate lines for the two retail avenues. Similarly, Arvind Ltd, which sells various foreign brands in India, is also working on online-only product lines.
Benetton dealers said company representatives have unofficially told them that it restrict online offerings to products that are three seasons old and that it will break off ties with any distributor flouting that rule. A Benetton spokesperson wasn't available for comment. Tommy Hilfiger didn't respond to queries.
Ganguly of Puma said it was his company's "responsibility and commitment" to help make the 310 operational stores in India profitable. He said the company has devised a "strategy differentiating online and offline channels for long-term sustainability. All our offline and online partners have been on-boarded with this strategy in our recent trade meetings and they're quite happy with our stance." Without giving actual numbers, Ganguly said Puma's like-to-like sales have grown over the last one year.
Online site Jabong's managing director Praveen Sinha told ET on Monday that a correction in discounts is already taking place. But he also said that online companies will always be able to pass on discounts to consumers as they don't have the high real estate and overhead costs associated with offline retailers. Eventually, financial imperatives will lead to the market settling, said Ganguly of Puma.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PM Modi to Putin: Russia key defence partnerPM Modi to Putin: Russia key defence partner
Chinas CCCI to buy John Holland for A$1.15bnAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Global oil  Rupee s fall weigh on stocks | IT stocks take a hitGlobal oil worries, rupeee fall weigh on stocks
ET Bureau Dec 12, 2014, 07.07AM IST
Tags:
Brent crude oil
(Some amount of profitbooking was…)
MUMBAI: Indian stocks resumed their slide on Thursday, mirroring the weakness in global markets, even as traders worried about the rupee's decline against the dollar. Oil and power stocks led the fall as international markets have interpreted the fall in crude prices as sign of a sharp slowdown in global economy.
BSE Sensex dropped 229 points, or 0.82%, to close at 27602 points on Thursday. The index has corrected 960 points in five trading sessions. NSE Nifty declined 62 points, or 0.75%, to end at 8292 points, below the technical support level of 8350.
"The US dollar has gained strength against the rupee because unwinding of Yen and Euro carry trades has triggered sell-off in domestic equity markets. The sell-off in global markets has also spilled over to Indian shores," said Anindya Banerjee, analyst at Kotak Securities .
Most Asian markets fell on Thursday, after the US Dow Jones tumbled over 200 points on Wednesday, led by a crash in energy stocks. Brent crude oil prices fell nearly $2 a barrel to $64.24 on Wednesday as the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries decided to maintain its oil-output target.
"My understanding is that the risks for Indian macro are global rather than domestic. One does not know how far crude can decline and what kind of impact it can have on the US markets. The drop in crude is welcome but a sustained fall may not be well received by markets," said Tirthankar Patnaik, India Strategist, Mizuho Bank.
Domestic markets rebounded briefly mid-way through the trading session on Thursday after China's central bank announced it will pump 400 billion yuan (about $65 billion) to boost banks' lending abilities. But that was not enough to push the markets higher. "The recent correction was because of a couple of factors.
One, structurally, some amount of profitbooking was overdue, and investors are still waiting for big-ticket reforms as many economic measures are to be taken," said Sudip Bandyopadhyay, president at Destimoney Securities.
Markets are awaiting key domestic economic readings, including consumer price index (CPI) inflation, and index of industrial production (IIP) data on Friday. A Bloomberg poll says CPI inflation may drop to 4.4% in November from 5.52% in October and IIP may grow 2.7% in October against 2.5% in September.
FEATURED ARTICLES

With no price bottom in sight  oil may hit $55Oil closes below $60, 1st time since July 2009
AP Dec 12, 2014, 04.53AM IST
Tags:
Iran
(The price of oil fell below…)
The price of oil fell below $60 for the first time since July 2009 on Thursday and ended trading in New York at $59.95.
Benchmark US crude oil dropped 99 cents, or 1.6 per cent. Oil has fallen steadily for nearly six months, and is down 44 percent since reaching a high for the year of $107.26 in late June.
"We don't see a price bottom," wrote energy analyst Jim Ritterbusch in a note to investors. He expects oil to fall further, toward $55 a barrel, in the short term.
The drop is a result of rising global oil production, especially in the US, at a time when demand has weakened because of slowing economies in Asia and Europe.
OPEC said this week that higher production from non-OPEC members and global economic growth will reduce demand for its oil to 28.9 million barrels a day next year. That's the lowest level in more than a decade, and far less than the 30 million barrels per day that the group says it plans to produce next year.
The price collapse has pushed down prices for gasoline, diesel and other fuels, lowering expenses for drivers, shippers and airlines and giving a boost to consumer-driven economies like that of the US
The average price of gasoline in the US fell to $2.61 a gallon Thursday, according to AAA. That's 64 cents below last year at this time, saving US drivers $7 billion a month. The Energy Department predicted this week that lower gasoline prices next year will save a typical US household $550 over the course of the year.
Lower crude prices have sent the share prices of oil companies and drilling services companies spiraling lower, though, and caused many to cut back drilling projects.
As a result, the Energy Department this week trimmed its forecast for oil production growth in the US for next year, though it still expects a sizeable increase. BP announced a $1 billion restructuring plan this week that analysts said could result in the elimination of thousands of jobs.
The lower prices are also pressuring government budgets in oil-producing US states and cash-hungry oil exporters such as Iraq , Iran , Russia and Venezuela.
FEATURED ARTICLES

 Dow Rises After 3-Day Slump; Oil Fall Limits GainsL&T, Bhel Gain After Robust HSBC PMI Manufacturing Data
New York: US stocks rose on Thursday as upbeat retail sales figures and other US data pointed to a strengthening economy and lifted optimism about consumer spending.
Indexes ended well off their highs for the day, however, paring gains late in the session as US crude oil fell below $60 a barrel for the first time in five years.
The gains came after the S&P 500 shed 2.4 per cent over the previous three sessions, the worst run for the benchmark index in two months, as weak oil prices weighed on the energy sector.
Still, lower oil prices likely encouraged consumer holiday spending, and November retail sales beat expectations. Retailers were among the day's biggest percentage gainers on the S&P 500, including Urban Outfitters, up 7.6 per cent at $32.29. The S&P retail index jumped 1 per cent.
"It suggests overall spending is going to do well," said Peter Cardillo, chief market economist at Rockwell Global Capital in New York. He said a year-end rally could take the S&P to about 2,100.
Other economic data showed a strengthening labor market, as weekly initial jobless claims dipped.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 63.19 points, or 0.36 per cent, to 17,596.34, the S&P 500 gained 9.19 points, or 0.45 per cent, to 2,035.33 and the Nasdaq Composite added 24.14 points, or 0.52 per cent, to 4,708.16.
The S&P energy sector, which is down 14.7 per cent for the year so far, pared gains late in the session to close flat. Oil prices are down more than 40 percent from June highs.
Adding to investor concern, the fate of a $1.1 trillion US spending bill was put in doubt by Democratic objections over a provision to roll back part of the Dodd-Frank financial reform law. Current spending authority for federal agencies expires at midnight.
Staples Inc jumped 8.7 per cent to $16.10 and Office Depot climbed 12.1 per cent to $7.54 after activist investor Starboard Value LP disclosed stakes in both office-supply retailers.
About 7.2 billion shares changed hands on US exchanges, above the 6.9 billion average for the last five sessions, according to BATS Global Markets.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 1,787 to 1,295, for a 1.38-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,668 issues rose and 1,089 fell, for a 1.53-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 36 new 52-week highs and 15 lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 91 new highs and 93 lows.
After the bell, shares of Adobe Systems Inc rose 7.2 per cent to $74.75. It said it would buy stock photography company Fotolia and reported quarterly revenue above market estimates.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Google News refuses to pay Spain outlets  to shut shopGoogle News refuses to pay Spain outlets  to shut shop
PSBs to make a beeline for stock marketPublic sector banks to make a beeline for stock market after cabinet nod
Dheeraj Tiwari, ET Bureau Dec 12, 2014, 09.19AM IST
Tags:
economy
(The list includes the country’s…)
NEW DELHI: Leading state-run banks could start lining up to raise funds from the stock market just as the economy seems to be recovering, providing investors a chance to pick up shares and allowing lenders to raise capital to meet stringent Basel III norms.
This follows the union cabinet's approval for stake sales in such institutions on Wednesday as long as the government retains a minimum 52% holding. The finance ministry is set to chalk out a share-sale strategy for the banks, about 10 of which have submitted plans to the government to raise nearly Rs 33,000 crore to meet capital requirements.
The list includes the country's largest lender, State Bank of India , which has sought approval for raising Rs 25,000 crore over the next few years.
Public sector banks could be among the biggest beneficiaries of economic revival, according to experts. Foreign investors would be interested in the public offerings given the wide network of these lenders and the possibility of consolidation that is one of the stated objectives of the government, they said."We are in discussions with banks. The instrument, offer size and timing of the issue will be decided by the respective bank boards," said a senior government official, requesting anonymity.
The applications under review include those of IDBI Bank , which has sought approval for raising Rs 4,000 crore, and of Indian Overseas Bank for raising Rs 1,200 crore through the Qualified Institutional Placement (QIP) route. Public sector banks can raise up to Rs 1.6 lakh crore from the market if they are permitted to bring down the Centre's holding to 52% in a phased manner, according to the government's estimates.
In this scenario, the government will have to provide budgetary support of Rs 78,895 crore in 2015-19 as part of the banks' capital-raising efforts. "As the government is likely to receive an amount of Rs 34,500 crore from public sector banks as dividend, the net outgo will only be Rs 44,395 crore," the government had said in a statement on Wednesday. Public sector banks require equity capital of Rs 2.4 lakh crore by 2018 to meet Basel III capital adequacy norms.
For the current fiscal, the government has allocated Rs 11,200 crore for bank capitalisation."The banks will be raising this amount over a period of five years or more," said the official cited earlier, adding that the government's stake will be reduced in tranches. "Each bank will tap the market as per their requirement."
FEATURED ARTICLES

House Passes Spending Bill to Avoid Govt. Shutdown  Sends to SenateHouse Approves $1.1T Bill to Avoid Government Shutdown, Sends Bill to Senate
Dec 11, 2014, 11:51 PM ET
This photo taken Oct. 4, 2014 shows scaffolding around the Capitol Dome in Washington.
J. Scott Applewhite/AP Photo
Just hours before a midnight deadline approached, the House of Representatives voted to approve a $1.1 trillion spending package to keep the federal government open -- sending the measure over to the Senate for final passage.
J. Scott Applewhite / AP Photo
PHOTO: House Speaker John Boehner of Ohio wraps up what may be his last news conference of the 113th Congress, Thursday, Dec. 11, 2014, on Capitol Hill in Washington.
The House voted 219-206 to approve the measure with 57 Democrats joining 162 Republicans to pass the package.
At the conclusion of the House vote, House Speaker John Boehner, said “My job tonight is to say thank you and Merry Christmas.”
The House and Senate approved a 48-hour continuing resolution to keep the government open so the Senate has time to pass the measure without shutting down the government. If a time agreement is reached, the Senate could vote on the funding measure as soon as Friday evening. If not, a Senate vote could be pushed into Monday.
If approved by the Senate, the spending measure would fund most of the federal government, except for the Department of Homeland Security, through September of next year. The Department of Homeland Security would only be funded through February 27, a move that allows lawmakers to revisit ways to counter President Obama’s executive action on immigration.
The vote capped off a day of high-stakes drama as House lawmakers scrambled to gather enough votes after the deal was in jeopardy due to Democratic unease with last minute provisions added to the bill.
J. Scott Applewhite / AP Photo
PHOTO: House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi of Calif., speaks with reporters on Capitol Hill in Washington, Dec. 5, 2014.
Democratic lawmakers, led by House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, were angry about measures that weakened campaign finance rules and rolled back limits on Wall Street banks. White House Chief of Staff Denis McDonough was dispatched to meet with House Democrats late Thursday, urging them to vote in favor of the so-called “cromnibus” package.
At the end of an hours long meeting with her Democratic colleagues, Pelosi urged her colleagues to stand their ground.
"I'm giving you the leverage to do whatever you have to do. We have enough votes to show them never to do this again,” Pelosi said.
President Obama, Vice President Joe Biden , Cabinet members and other senior administration officials lit up the phones across Capitol Hill Thursday -- urging Democrats to pass a spending bill and avert a government shutdown .
It was a moment of unusual drama.
The initial vote on the spending measure was scheduled for 2:30 p.m., but the House remained in a holding pattern through the early evening with Democrats twisting arms and persuading lawmakers to support the plan that would keep the government running and avoid a shutdown before a midnight deadline. It was a bipartisan problem: Conservatives are opposing the measure because it doesn’t do enough to stop President Obama’s immigration order. Liberals are opposed, too.
“If we don’t get finished today, we’re going to be here until Christmas,” Boehner told ABC News at a news conference. “You all know how this process works.”
J. Scott Applewhite / AP Photo
PHOTO: Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., and Rep. Maxine Waters, D-Calif., speak on Capitol Hill Wednesday, Dec. 10, 2014.
On the floor of the U.S. Senate today, Sen. Elizabeth Warren , D-Mass., criticized provisions of the spending bill that she says favor Wall Street interests.
“A vote for this bill is a vote for future taxpayer bailouts of Wall Street,” Warren said in a feisty speech. “Why in the last minute as you head out the door and a spending bill must be passed are you making it a priority to do Wall Street’s bidding? Who do you work for: Wall Street or the American people?”
Warren, who is often mentioned as a potential 2016 Democratic presidential contender, added, “It is time for all of us to stand up and fight.”
Earlier today, the House voted 214-212 to pass a procedural vote to advance to debate on the bill, popularly known as the Cromnibus .
Michigan GOP Rep. Kerry Bentivolio, a former Santa impersonator and reindeer farmer, cast the deciding ballot after flipping his vote to push Republicans over the top.
Meanwhile, the Obama administration has alerted all federal agencies to dust off their contingency plans for a government shutdown “out of an abundance of caution,” an OMB official told ABC News.
On a conference call this afternoon, the Office of Management and Budget asked agencies to “take steps to prepare for all contingencies, including a potential lapse in funding.”
But the official suggested that the administration still sees that scenario as unlikely, noting both the omnibus legislation before Congress and various shorter-term back-up plans.
ABC’s John Parkinson and Devin Dwyer contributed reporting.

Steven Mufson and Tom HamburgerSteven Pearlstein
Columnist
Steven Pearlstein is a business and economics columnist who writes about local, national and international topics. He joined the Post in 1988 as deputy business editor, and has been defense industry reporter, economic correspondent and Canadian correspondent. He is also moderator of the Post’s On Leadership site. In the fall of 2011, he will become the Robinson Professor of Political and International Affairs at George Mason University. Pearlstein was awarded the Pulitzer Prize for commentary in 2008 for columns anticipating and explaining the global financial crisis. In 2011, he won a Gerald R. Loeb Lifetime Achievement award. Pearlstein grew up in Brookline, Mass., and graduated from Trinity College, Hartford, Conn. He lives in Washington with his wife, Wendy Gray.

PM hints at hard measures | Rate cut alone won t lift growth: RajanPM hints at hard measures | Rate cut alone won t lift growth: Rajan
Dow Rises After 3-Day Slump; Oil Fall Limits GainsDow Rises After 3-Day Slump; Oil Fall Limits Gains
Here are stocks that were buzzing in trade todayLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Here are stocks that were buzzing in trade today
CNBC-TV18’s Varinder Bansal lists some of the key stocks which were buzzing in trade today.
Post your opinion here

Photos: The 8 most sought-after phablets of 2014Prev Next
HTC Desire 816: A mid-range handset with a 5.5-inch display and a 720p resolution but the Desire is as much about creating content as it is about streaming movies. It has a 13-megapixel rear camera and a big 5-megapixel selfie cam on the front, both of which are supported by some excellent photo apps and tools. Despite being 7.99mm thick, it also has stereo front-facing speakers.
HTC Desire 816: A mid-range handset with a 5.5-inch display and a 720p resolution but the Desire is as much about creating content as it is about streaming movies. It has a 13-megapixel rear camera and a big 5-megapixel selfie cam on the front, both of which are supported by some excellent photo apps and tools. Despite being 7.99mm thick, it also has stereo front-facing speakers.

Unmanned crew module to be testedUpdated: December 10, 2014 23:25 IST
Unmanned crew module to be tested
N. GOPAL RAJ
THE AIM: The flight will test the module's re-entry characteristics.
TOPICS
space programme
Thirty years after Rakesh Sharma became the first Indian to venture into space, flying aboard a Soviet Soyuz spacecraft, an Indian crew capsule and rocket that could one day carry astronauts will get their first trial next week.
The experimental flight of the Geosynchronous Satellite Launch Vehicle (GSLV) Mark III, scheduled for next Thursday (Dec. 18), will send the unmanned crew module on a suborbital trajectory, with the latter splashing down in the Bay of Bengal about 21 minutes after the rocket lifts off from Sriharikota.
This flight would test the crew module's re-entry characteristics, said K. Radhakrishnan, chairman of the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO). Recovery of the spacecraft from the ocean, carried out with the help of the Indian Coast Guard, would also be “an involved task.” Back in January 2007, ISRO had orbited a small 550-kg spacecraft, the Space Capsule Recovery Experiment (SRE-1), that carried out remote-controlled experiments in the microgravity conditions of space. After 12 days in orbit, the spacecraft was successfully brought back, landing in the Bay of Bengal with remarkable precision. This provided experience with re-entry, a prerequisite for manned spaceflight.
A project report prepared by ISRO envisaged carrying out a manned mission in about seven years at a cost of around Rs. 12,400 crore. Thus far, the Government has not cleared such a project.
However, since 2007, the Government had given Rs. 145 crore for the development of critical technologies needed for a manned mission, according to Dr. Radhakrishnan.
The 3.7-tonne crew module being tested next week will be the same size, shape and weight as the capsule that is being developed to accommodate up to three astronauts. It will be equipped with the heat-protecting tiles and parachute system of the manned version.
While a capsule in orbit around Earth will re-enter with a velocity of over 28,000 km per hour, next week’s test will see the GSLV Mark III leave the crew module at a height of about 125 km with a velocity of around 19,000 km per hour. The crew module carries sensors that will make measurements of over 200 parameters during the flight, including the temperature, pressure and stress experienced at various points in the structure. “This flight will give us tremendous confidence in our design and provide important inputs for proceeding with development of the manned capsule,” observed S. Unnikrishnan Nair, project director for the Human Spaceflight Programme.
After separation from the GSLV Mark III, six liquid-propellant thrusters on the crew module will be used to correct any perturbations that occur during separation and bring the capsule down at the correct angle for re-entry into the atmosphere.
Once re-entry starts at a height of about 80 km, the thrusters will cease to operate. As the crew module streaks through the atmosphere, the air around it heats up and the spacecraft slows down. The heat shield at its base will be exposed to temperatures of around 1,000 degrees Celsius, according to Mr. Nair. (In re-entry from orbit, the temperature could touch 1,600 degrees Celsius.)
At a height of about 15 km, with the capsule travelling at 839 km per hour, the complex process of deploying the parachutes begins.
The crew module carries two independent sets of parachutes, both of which are simultaneously deployed. First, the 2.5-metre diameter pilot parachutes come out, followed by the 6.5-metre drogue parachutes, which cut the capsule’s velocity down to 180 km per hour.
Then the main parachutes are deployed at a height of about 5 km. These parachutes, each 31 metres in diameter, are the largest ever made in the country and were developed by the Aerial Delivery Research & Development Establishment, an Agra-based national defence laboratory.
On splashdown, the main parachutes will be immediately detached from the crew module and a beacon giving its position activated. A fluorescent green dye will also be emitted to aid in locating the spacecraft.
In the coming test, the crew module could experience decelerations of up to 13 g, said Mr. Nair. But, in a mission with humans onboard, the capsule’s thrusters would continue to operate till parachute deployment began, adjusting the spacecraft's orientation and trajectory, and keeping deceleration levels to less than 4 g. (One g being equivalent to the tug of Earth's gravity.)

Dell launches Latitude 14  Latitude 12 Rugged Extreme notebooksTata Motors sales up 10 pct in December
Dell has launched the Latitude 14 Rugged Extreme notebook and the Latitude 12 Rugged Extreme convertible notebooks in India.
The two devices are designed keeping in mind those working in extreme conditions exposed to dust, moisture, drops and vibration. These notebooks are tested to military standards including drops up to six feet, as well as ingress protection, emissions and hazardous materials certifications by a third-party testing facility, the company claimed.
Plus, the Latitude 12 Rugged and Latitude 14 Rugged laptops make system management easy with remote management capability and Intel vPro technology for efficient out-of-band management.
The line-up also features direct-view outdoor-readable display, eesistive multi-touch on the Latitude 12, rugged “flip-hinge” convertible display, common docking, sealed, customisable “RGB” backlit keyboard and up to 16GB of memory5 and up to 512GB solid state storage.
The Dell Latitude 12 Rugged Extreme will have a starting price of Rs 2,39,999 while Dell Latitude 14 will sell at Rs 2,29,999.
Post Comments
More from industry

Satyarthi loses Nobel acceptance speech pageUpdated: December 11, 2014 08:37 IST
Satyarthi loses Nobel acceptance speech page
PTI
Tweet
Reuters
Nobel Peace laureate Kailash Satyarthi delivers his lecture during the Nobel Peace Prize award ceremony at the City Hall in Oslo on Wednesday.
Kailash Satyarthi, winner of this year’s Nobel Peace Prize along with Pakistani teenage activist Malala Yousafzai, lost a page of his speech on Wednesday. “Solutions are not found only in the deliberations in conferences and prescriptions from a distance ... Friends, what is missing now of course is my [speech] paper,” he said to peals of laughter in the Oslo City Hall where he received the coveted prize.
“But, no problem, I will continue without that,” the 60-year-old said, quickly regaining composure.
Minutes later a Norwegian official came on stage with the missing page of his lecture and Mr. Satyarthi once again had the audience in splits saying, “Thank you so much! I don’t know whether it has happened to some Nobel Laureate before or not.”
“But many things are happening today and the best thing that happened is that a young and courageous Pakistani girl has met an Indian father and the Indian father met the Pakistani daughter,” he said.
RELATED NEWS

Tata Motors slips 2.5% on weak Jaguar Land Rover Nov salesDec 11, 2014, 03.56 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Tata Motors slips 2.5% on weak Jaguar Land Rover Nov sales
In November, JLR sold 36,621 vehicles, down 2 percent, largely reflecting product launch factors. "Land Rover delivered 30,611 vehicles in the month gone by, down 2 percent while Jaguar sales retailed 6,010, down 4 percent compared to same period last year," said JLR.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Tata Motors slips 2.5% on weak Jaguar Land Rover Nov sales
In November, JLR sold 36,621 vehicles, down 2 percent, largely reflecting product launch factors. "Land Rover delivered 30,611 vehicles in the month gone by, down 2 percent while Jaguar sales retailed 6,010, down 4 percent compared to same period last year," said JLR.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Tata Motors shed entire previous day's gains on Thursday following decline in Jaguar Land Rover (JLR) sales in November. The stock lost as much as 2.5 percent intraday.
In November, JLR sold 36,621 vehicles, down 2 percent, largely reflecting product launch factors. "Land Rover delivered 30,611 vehicles in the month gone by, down 2 percent while Jaguar sales retailed 6,010, down 4 percent compared to same period last year," said JLR.
Retails in China region grew by 10 percent, Asia Pacific and the UK up 5 percent, while in Europe retails fell 3 percent. Even sales in other overseas markets were down 12 percent for the month and, in North America, sales were down 17 percent.
However, the UK's leading manufacturer of premium luxury vehicles continued to maintain positive sales performance year-to-date, retailing 421,286 vehicles, up 10 percent versus the same period last year.
Calendar year-to-date Land Rover sales reached 346,679 vehicles, up 10 percent year-on-year on the back of continued strong customer demand particularly for the Range Rover and Range Rover Sport. Jaguar sales during the same period were up 7 percent year-on-year, retailing 74,607 vehicles, with the XF and F-Type continuing to drive sales.
Meanwhile, experts remained sceptical about company's growth in Chinese auto market on slowdown fears going ahead.
Jim Walker of Asianomics (on Wednesday in an interview to CNBC-TV18) said China is currently growing at 5-6 percent, much below 7 percent forecasted. He expects China growth to slowdown to 3-4 percent next year. He recommends investors stay away from companies exposed to China. Companies exposed to luxury goods segment in China will be impacted, says Walker.
Tata Motors scrip declined 1.37 percent to close at Rs 503.80 on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
RELATED NEWS

Retail Sales Report Boosts US Stock MarketWelcome to 2015. What just happened? Where did 2014 go? Television personalities Ryan Seacrest and Jenny McCarthy...
John Locher/AP Photo

Putin backs Make in India with copter  nuclear dealsPutin backs Make In India with copter, nuclear deals
Jayanth Jacob , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 11, 2014
First Published: 10:47 IST(11/12/2014) | Last Updated: 01:33 IST(12/12/2014)
Comments
Russia offered to help India set up at least 10 more nuclear reactors and manufacture light-utility helicopters  in line with the Make in India campaign as the two countries stepped up their defence and strategic partnership during President Vladimir Putin’s visit on Thursday.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi said Russia would remain India’s most important defence partner and its “unique place in India’s foreign policy will not change” as he laid out a roadmap for stronger energy and business ties between New Delhi and Moscow at their 15th annual summit.
As India and Russia sought to strengthen a once-close relationship, the two countries signed 20 agreements including a contract to implement the third and fourth reactors of the Kudankulam nuclear power plant and a joint investment fund of $1 billion for Indian infrastructure and hydroelectric projects. Other strategic deals covered oil supply, infrastructure and an increase in direct diamond sales to India by Russian firm Alrosa.
Both nations team up to help Afghanistan, eradicate terrorism
“Even as India’s options have increased today, Russia will remain our most important defence partner,” Modi said after the summit. “Russia has offered to fully manufacture in India one of its most advanced helicopters. It includes the possibility of exports from India. We will follow up on this quickly.”
HT was the first to report that Russia would join Modi’s first big-ticket ‘Make in India’ initiative in the defence sector.
The agreements reflected Russia’s need for allies in the face of Western sanctions over Moscow’s annexation of Crimea and the conflict in eastern Ukraine.
Though India’s defence cooperation with other countries is expanding, 60% of defence purchases still come from Russia. However, India plans to bring down its dependence on foreign vendors and increase indigenisation of the defence sector as part of the Modi government’s Make in India initiative.
For the chopper deal, public sector unit Hindustan Aeronautics Limited or an Indian private firm could partner for the production of Kamov 226 T helicopters in India as bidding for these reconnaissance and surveillance helicopters is restricted for Indian firms and their joint ventures.
In the first phase, the order could be for 384 helicopters, which could subsequently be increased to 600 to replace the ailing Cheetah/Chetak fleet used by the Indian Army and air force.
The total cost of the project is expected to be over $3 billion.
Modi has also proposed that Russia should manufacture spares and components of Russian defence equipment, a request Putin responded to positively.
Like the defence sector, Russia also aligned nuclear cooperation with Make in India as the two leaders unveiled an ambitious nuclear energy plan to build at least 10 reactors. “It will also include manufacture of equipment and components in India. This also supports our Make in India policy,” Modi said. “Our partnership and the strong sensitivity that we have always had for each other’s interests will be a source of strength to both countries,” the Prime Minister said.
Putin said Russia could eventually supply India with 20 nuclear reactors.
“We highly appreciate the friendship, trust and mutual understanding with Indian partners,” said Putin.

PM Modi hails UN decision on YogaDec 12, 2014 at 12:12am IST
PM Modi hails UN decision on Yoga
44
2
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday night expressed joy over the UN General Assembly adopting an India-led resolution declaring June 21 as 'International Day of Yoga' and thanked all the 177 nations of the global body.
"Elated! Have no words to describe my joy on the @UN declaring 21st June as 'International Day of Yoga'. I fully welcome the decision," Modi tweeted soon after the resolution was adopted in New York.
"I profusely thank all 177 nations across the world who co-sponsored the resolution to declare 21st June as 'International Day of Yoga'," he added.
Modi also put on his twitter account a link of his speech in 2013 where he talked about yoga and its benefits.
#narendra modi #un #yoga day #yoga
Noting that countless people across the world have made Yoga an integral part of their lives, he said, "Congrats to them! This will inspire many more people towards Yoga.
"Yoga has the power to bring the entire humankind together! It beautifully combines Gyan (knowledge), Karm (work) and Bhakti (devotion)."
He also put on his twitter account a link of his speech in 2013 where he talked about yoga and its benefits.
The resolution on 'International Day of Yoga' was introduced by India's Ambassador to UN Asoke Mukerji and had 177 (rpt 177) nations joining as co-sponsors, the highest number ever for any General Assembly resolution.
638

Vladimir Putin warms up to IndiaIndia manufacturing activity expands to 2-year high as orders surge; PMI at 54.5 in Dec
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Russian President Vladimir Putin pledged on Thursday to take the “incomparable strategic partnership” of their countries forward and inked 16 pacts in the defence, oil, gas and diamond sectors, in an indication that India’s close relations with the US are unlikely to undermine older ties with Russia.
Amid strains with the West over annexation of Crimea and constraints of declining oil prices, Russia has turned to India with a host of agreements: state-owned Rosatom will build 12 nuclear reactors in India; energy major Rosneft got into a 10-year contract to supply crude to Essar Oil; Russia will build advanced helicopters in India; and state-owned Alrosa will supply rough diamonds worth $700 million annually to a dozen Indian companies over three years.
Russia’s VTB Bank Management Board also signed a memorandum of understanding with Shashi Ruia’s Essar Group to provide a facility of up to $1 billion, aimed at financing the continued consolidation of certain assets in Essar’s investment portfolio and the strengthening of their capital structure.
Moreover, the Russian Direct Investment Fund (RDIF) and India’s IDFC also agreed to invest up to $500 million each in Indian infrastructure projects including in ports, toll roads and hydropower, RDIF said in a statement.
Addressing media after his summit talks with Putin, Modi said Russia will remain India’s most important defence partner and the armed forces of the two countries have been holding joint exercises. The two leaders discussed the $3-billion helicopter deal. Russia will fully manufacture one of its most advanced helicopters in India, Modi said. This includes the possibility of exports from India.
He urged Russia to locate defence manufacturing facilities in India.Modi said Russia has been a pillar of strength for India’s security. “The strategic partnership is incomparable in content,” he said, adding that Russia had given its steadfast support to India “in difficult times”. “Even if India’s options have increased, Russia remains our most important defence partner.” Separately, at the World Diamond Conference here, the Prime Minister said if the two countries unite, “not just diamond itself, but the whole world will dazzle with this relationship”.
“A diamond may have the Russian foot-print, but it will also have an Indian finger-print on it,” Modi said, referring to the fact that Russia accounts for roughly 30% of global rough diamond output, while 90% of the world’s rough diamonds are polished in India.Putin said bilateral trade between the two countries was $10 billion in 2013, which “is not enough”. Russia was keen to deepen the political dialogue between the two countries to strengthen cooperation in various areas.
The visiting leader noted that the two countries have a special privileged partnership. “It continues to develop dynamically.”
Referring to the Kudankulum nuclear project, he said more Russian-made reactors would be set up in India. He also referred to the need to boost collaboration between the two countries in hydrocarbons.The two sides will also seek to move ahead with long-delayed projects to develop a joint fifth-generation fighter jet and a multi-role transport aircraft.
Putin said,” We are content with how this visit is being conducted and also with the outcome of the visit.” Describing the talks as constructive, he added, “India and Russia encourage use of nuclear energy for peaceful purposes. “We are working on 20 nuclear power plant units for India. We had constructive talks on a whole gamut of issues,” he said.
“We are interested in the Indian initiative to build a Delhi-Mumbai industrial corridor that envisages the creation of an up-to-date infrastructure and innovative facilities. A bulldozer equipment assembly line will soon reach design capacity. In 2016, with the assistance of the Russian company Sibur Holding, we will complete the construction of one of the world’s largest butyl rubber producing plants in Mr Modi’s home state of Gujarat,” he said.
The Russian leader also offered to support Indian civil aviation industry, specifically Sukhoi Superjet-100 and MC-21 airplanes.
Post Comments
More from economy

Wipro Inc Benefit Trust sells shares worth over Rs 100 crDec 12, 2014, 01.44 AM IST  | Source: PTI
Wipro Inc Benefit Trust sells shares worth over Rs 100 cr
"All the 18,10,388 shares of Wipro, which were held by Wipro Inc Benefit Trust have been sold at an average market price of Rs 552.43 per share," Wipro said in a filing to the BSE.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Wipro Inc Benefit Trust sells shares worth over Rs 100 cr
"All the 18,10,388 shares of Wipro, which were held by Wipro Inc Benefit Trust have been sold at an average market price of Rs 552.43 per share," Wipro said in a filing to the BSE.
Post your opinion here
 
Wipro  today said trustees of the Wipro Inc Benefit Trust have sold more than 18 lakh shares of the country's third-largest software firm in a deal estimated to be worth over Rs 100 crore.
"All the 18,10,388 shares of Wipro, which were held by Wipro Inc Benefit Trust have been sold at an average market price of Rs 552.43 per share," Wipro said in a filing to the BSE.
It added that the sale took place between December 9 and December 11, 2104.
In a filing on October 22, Wipro had said Wipro Inc Benefit Trust held 1.8 million shares of the company, arising out of a scheme of amalgamation between CMango India, Mpower Software Services India and Mpact Technology Services with Wipro Limited in 2007.
Since the trust deed provides for dissolution following the sale of shares, the trustees are now permitted to sell the shares in open market, it had said.
The entire sale proceeds will accrue to the Trust whose sole beneficiary is Wipro LLC, a subsidiary of Wipro Ltd.
Wipro stock price
On January 02, 2015, Wipro closed at Rs 557.25, up Rs 4.95, or 0.90 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 621.50 and the 52-week low was Rs 475.35.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 34.27 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 16.26. The latest book value of the company is Rs 118.91 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 4.69.
RELATED NEWS

Owner of 4 Chicago-area golf courses picks Troon to manage themOwner of 4 Chicago-area golf courses picks Troon to manage them
Golf
Michael Tercha, Chicago Tribune
The owner of four Chicago-area private golf courses has hired a new management company to operate the clubs.
The owner of four Chicago-area private golf courses has hired a new management company to operate the clubs. (Michael Tercha, Chicago Tribune)
By Ameet Sachdev Chicago Tribune contact the reporter
Chicago-area golf course owner hires new management company.
The owner of four Chicago-area private golf courses has hired a new management company to operate the clubs.
John Weiss, owner of the Royal Fox and Royal Hawk in St. Charles, the Grove in Long Grove and Klein Creek in Winfield, selected Troon, a golf management company based in Scottsdale, Ariz, according to a news release. Troon said it has more than 250 golf courses in its portfolio.

India  Russia to study feasibility of LNG pipelineIndia  Russia to study feasibility of LNG pipeline
Winter is coming  were they just foolingusWritten by Dipankar Ghose | Agra |
Posted: December 12, 2014 4:44 am | Updated: December 12, 2014 4:48 am
The slippers had no straps, the mugs had no handles, and the walls were made of paper. This was just like any of the other 56 huts in Vednagar Basti, stitched together by tarpaulin and plastic rags, every belonging taken from the waste that Agra had thrown by the wayside.
But Jamal’s hut used to be different — it had a 19-inch TV. For three days, the ragpickers stayed glued to that TV, watching as they became unwitting participants in a national uproar. They watched as protesters shouted slogans about them in Agra, they saw politicians
speak with authority on their conversion in distant Dehi.
Till Wednesday night, when the Muslim families here realised that Jamal had not returned after leaving early in the morning, with his belongings on a cart.
He was not the only one. Twelve other huts are now empty, the men, women and children that lived in them gone. They left in a hurry, and not everything was taken.
But those who remain in the basti think they will never be seen in Agra again. “We are all scared,” said one of them, 32-year-old Jahangir. “First, we were duped into converting into Hinduism. Then it became such a big issue that the people on TV started saying there was tension in the country because of us. We saw speeches saying that big people were angry with what happened and that there was danger of unrest.”
Mumtaz Begum
Mumtaz Begum, who separates waste that her husband collects all day, said she saw many leave late on Tuesday night, and early on Wednesday morning. “Who will want to stay here now? We are poor people, we just want to avoid trouble. Some have gone to Gobar Basti on the outskirts. Maybe they will come back, but why should they? What is left here?” she said.
Ali Amin, 14, cut in. “But we have to stick together. We all speak the same language, and pick rags for a living. They should not have left on their own. Everybody here has a reason for why they came. I came from Myanmar as a refugee. Others came from Bengal to find work, some from very close to the Bangladesh border. One boy even works here because he’s on the run from police. We can’t have any trouble,” he said.
As he spoke, 32-year-old Mudassir, who worked as a waiter in Agra before being thrown out for not knowing Hindi, and 26-year-old Imran, who had wanted to be a tourist guide, stood behind him, nodding their heads in agreement.
Since Monday, a constant stream of visitors have come and left Vednagar Basti. The police have come with questions, clerics have come offering solace, and politicians have come with assurances.
When one large group of maulanas from the city offered them a place to stay, many continued…

Software cos lose out in migrating to cloud ...You are here: Home > Collections
Indian software cos losing out in migrating infrastructure to cloud model
Jochelle Mendonca & Varun Sood, ET Bureau Dec 12, 2014, 05.31AM IST
Tags:
Anand Sankaran
(Another wrinkle for Indian…)
BENGALURU /MUMBAI: The rise of software-as-a-service cloud delivery model poses a threat to the dominance of the homegrown software exporters as most of them lag behind the foreign companies, including IBM and Accenture in offering services to customers.
Although significant investments are currently being made by Infosys and Wipro in strengthening their cloud offerings, some of the fastest growing SaaS firms globally do not even name any of the country's largest IT firms as their strategic partners.
"We've got strong partnerships with Deloitte and Accenture and IBM and increasingly, PWC and KPMG, Towers Watson and Aon Hewitt," said Aneel Bhusri, cofounder and co-CEO of Workday, in an analyst call last month, underlining the fact none of the Indian tech giants made the list.
For now, Indian companies are catching up with the foreign IT firms, as Wipro entered into a partnership with Workday in 2011, three years after Accenture first became Workday's global deployment partner. "We are there but we may not be matching them (IBM, Accenture)...It requires a lot of investments.
They are ahead of us," said Satishchandra Doreswamy, chief business operations officer at Wipro. "(But) we are also picking up...we are currently building cloud business platforms."
Software-as-a-service, in which companies pay for software based on their usage, is expected to top $22 billion through 2015, up from about $14 billion in 2012, according to research firm Gartner. The impact of this is most visible in Indian tech giants losing out to global software exporters when it comes to migrating existing infrastructure to cloud model. One of the examples is when IBM won a 10-year, multi-billion dollar deal to provide computer infrastructure services to Dutch bank ABN Amro running on its cloud systems. As in most deals, the biggest names, including Infosys and Wipro were in the race to bag this contract.
Another wrinkle for Indian tech majors is the inability to offer IPs in cloud space which can help them bag large contracts when competing for large deals. "We have acquired industry leading cloud IPs which help us provide our customers with a strong orchestration layer to manage diverse cloud platforms in a seamless manner," claims Anand Sankaran, president, Infrastructure and cloud computing at privately held Dell services.
  For this reason, some analysts believe cloud could pose a long-term challenge, capping upside potential in a sector growing at 13-14% annually. "In the long run (5-10 years), we think cloud will eat into the enterprise application services (EAS) revenues of India's IT services companies (15-20% of total), assuming 'ERP on cloud' becomes a reality," Yogesh Aggarwal, an analyst with HSBC Securities said in a report dated November 25. "In the near term, the risk is more manageable at just 5-6% of total business, as cloud companies have achieved little in terms of operating metrics."
To be sure, some of that impact is already showing. The time-and-material model of payment, where companies pay for the effort rather than the outcome, has been dropping steadily over the past few years. "Clients are asking for a significant sub set of the existing work to be converted into a pay for use model. This will pose significant challenges to the Indian based providers which currently utilize an FTE base model," said Peter Bendor-Samuel, CEO of outsourcing advisory firm Everest. "Its impacts are already showing in the slowing growth and the increased need for investment." A senior executive of Infosys acknowledges the company's limitations, with lack of certified consultants who can help customers to move to cloud space.
According to the HSBC Securities report, Accenture leads the pack among IT outsourcers, with about 3100 certified Workday consultants. Additionally, the outsourcer also has 1800 Sales force-certified consultants.
In comparison, top five Indian IT firms collectively have a little more than 2,000 Salesforce certified professionals.
FEATURED ARTICLES

GVK Power & Infrastructure director G. Indira Krishna Reddy resignsDec 11, 2014, 09.05 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
GVK Power & Infrastructure director G. Indira Krishna Reddy resigns
GVK Power & Infrastructure has informed that the Company has received a letter of resignation dated December 02, 2014 from Mrs. G. Indira Krishna Reddy, a Promoter Director of the Company. The said resignation is due to her prior commitments and health reasons and is effective from December 11, 2014. This letter will be placed before the ne

Public sector bankers paid  very poorly : SBI chiefPublic sector bankers paid 'very poorly': SBI chief
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 12, 2014  | 09:03 IST
SBI chief Arundhati Bhattacharya
Lamenting that bankers are paid very poorly in India, especially at public sector banks, SBI chief Arundhati Bhattacharya on Thursday said there is an urgent need to provide better remuneration to attract good talent.
Bankers are paid poorly in India as compared to their counterparts elsewhere in the world, she said.
"Let me start with income of banking professionals in India. Here, 70 per cent of the banks are in public sector and they are paid very very poorly compared to market," she said at Delhi Economic Conclave in New Delhi.
The SBI chief said there is an urgent need to improve quality of board members by providing them suitable remuneration so that the overall efficiency improves.
"We are very blessed in that. SBI has invariably had very good quality board. But that may not be true across (other banks') board. One of the reasons is very low remuneration that is given to the board directors," she said.
"If you are trying to attract best in the field, they have to be remunerated accordingly. We must insist on people who are coming into the board having sufficient hands on experience in both planning and execution in their respective areas," she said.
So, this is something that government can easily implemented and should be done, she added.
The comments come about a week after PSU bank employee unions went to a four-day relay strike to press for early revision of wages.
Talking about changing regulation in tune with the present system, Bhattacharya said India has over 60 Acts and multiple rules and regulations that govern the financial system at the moment.
"Many of the laws are from 1950s and 1960s. The banking regulations themselves they were established before ATMs, credit cards, internet banking, investment advisory, private banking, mutual funds,... whole lot of other things," she said.
"These acts have been amended from time to time to keep pace with changing reality but the legal foundations have remained more or less static and as the result the framework is very complex and inconsistent," she said.
"Occasionally, it is also open to regulatory arbitrage. So, we need to look at these things also holistically and move the laws to be in tandem with the times," she added.

Ceat to make 2-wheeler tyres  to invest Rs 1 200 crPrices | Financials | Company Info | Reports
NAGPUR: Kicking off work on its maiden two-wheeler tyre facility here, Ceat today said it will be investing Rs 1,200 crore over the next four years to create a capacity to roll out 30 lakh tyres per month from the unit.
The RPG Group firm has been outsourcing two-wheeler tyres to a Hyderabad-based company till now and has decided to start manufacturing itself at a greenfield plant at Butibori on the city's outskirts.
Construction of the plant will be carried out in three phases and the first one with a capacity of 12 lakh tyres a month will be operational by April 2016, Ceat Managing Director Anant Goenka said.
The company will be investing Rs 400 crore in Phase 1. Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis laid the foundation stone for the first phase of the plant.
Speaking to reporters, Goenka said apart from the investments at Butibori, the company is ramping up capacities through investments at its Halol plant (Rs 650 crore) and a factory in Bangladesh (Rs 300 crore).
Goenka said on completion of all the three phases, the Nagpur plant will generate employment for 1,100 people.
With an objective of fuelling expansion plans, the company raised Rs 420 crore through QIP route on November 27.
"Out of Rs 420 crore raised by us through QIP, we will be using Rs 120 crore for the Butibori project alone. We will approach banks to meet the balance fund requirement."
Following the QIP, the promoter's holding in Ceat has come down to 50.9 per cent from 57 per cent and the debt to equity ratio has risen to 0.8 from 0.7. Also FII holding will go up to 26 per cent from 19 per cent, Goenka added.
On the impact of fall in global crude prices, he said, "around 40 per cent of our raw material comes from the crude oil in forms like carbon black and nylon and hence it will reduce our production cost during the third quarter onward. However. it was not likely to have any impact on our margins."
Goenka conceded the prevailing slowdown in the automobile sector has affected the sales of tyres to original equipment manufacturers (OEMs).
"The sluggish automobile market has really hit our supply to OEMs. However, let me add that merely 30 per cent of our supply goes to OEMs and the remaining goes to the replacement market which has remained completely unaffected due to this sluggish automobile market."

Falling inflation raises chances of rate cutFalling inflation raises chances of rate cut
Oil prices struggle after WTI sinks below USD 60Oil prices struggle after WTI sinks below USD 60
Video shows impact of blast at French center in KabulVideo shows impact of blast at French center in Kabul
Fadnavis announces Rs 7000 cr package for farmersFadnavis announces Rs 7000 cr package for farmers
PM: Federal structure can be a development mechanismPM: Federal structure can be a development mechanism
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | December 12, 2014 08:14 IST
Prime Minister said his focus was to build "Team India" – through a partnership with all state Chief Ministers, and by encouraging and facilitating states to take initiatives for economic growth.
 
 
The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, said India's federal structure should be viewed as a "development mechanism" rather than just a "constitutional arrangement." Interacting with a group of 16 eminent economists from the United States, the Prime Minister said his focus was to build "Team India" – through a partnership with all state Chief Ministers, and by encouraging and facilitating states to take initiatives for economic growth. 
 
Stating that a person who is unhealthy cannot derive benefit from exercise, the Prime Minister said that the first six months of his Government were focused on making India healthy once again. The "exercise" would begin now, he added. 
 
The Prime Minister said there would be a youth-centric focus to all policies of his Government, as 65 percent of India's population is below the age of 35. Therefore, skill development and job creation would continue to be accorded the topmost priority. 
 
The Prime Minister stressed on the need to inject technology into government processes and decision making, saying this would provide the best possible solution to the problem of corruption. He said the Government's focus on infrastructure and "Digital India" would boost employment opportunities even in the rural areas. 
 
The Prime Minister said the success of the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana would not only bring economic benefits, but had also boosted the confidence within Government, as a key objective of the scheme (opening bank accounts for the poor) has been achieved. 
 
Speaking on the occasion, Finance Minister Shri Arun Jaitley gave an overview of the various decisions taken by the Government over the last six months in the economic sphere. He said there was a mood of optimism and expectation from the new Government, and the process of pragmatic and realistic decision-making was giving results. 
 
The session was moderated by Dr. Shekhar Shah, Director-General of the NCAER. The economists will participate in the Neemrana Conference, organized by NCAER, beginning tomorrow. 

Centre seeks suggestions for improving PSBs performanceNEW DELHI, December 2, 2014
Updated: December 2, 2014 00:11 IST
Centre seeks suggestions for improving PSBs’ performance
PTI
banking
The suggestions can be posted on the website www.mygov.in..
In order to improve performance of public sector banks, the government on Monday sought suggestions from the general public on various parameters, including bad assets that have hit a record low in terms of volumes.
“Suggestions from the general public as to how to improve performance of public sector banks on various parameters are invited by the Department of Financial Services ...,” an official statement said. The suggestions can be posted on the website www.mygov.in..
The government will post the information related to performance of public sector banks (PSBs) vis-a-vis private sector banks. At present, there are 27 public sector banks and 22 private sector lenders in the country.
Public sector banks accounted for over 90 per cent of total non-performing assets (NPAs) that the banking sector registered in 2013-14.
Of the Rs.2.40-lakh crore gross NPAs reported by the banking system in 2013-14, Rs.2.16 lakh crore gross NPAs came from the public sector banks, Parliament was informed. Private sector banks had gross NPAs of Rs.22,738 crore as on March 31, 2014.
NPA of public sector banks rose sharply to 5.33 per cent of total advances in September, mainly due to sluggishness in the economy and other factors, including delay in environmental clearances.
Gross NPAs of state-run lenders stood at 4.72 per cent of total advances at the end of March this year.
The combined gross NPAs of public and private sector banks were at Rs.1.76 lakh crore and Rs.1.31 lakh crore in 2012-13 and 2011-12, respectively.

Technical Analyst Analyse IndiaNooresh, a young and dynamic IT engineer, is a bright exponent of Technical Analysis. His impressive track record includes crisp and accurate views on the Indian and global stock markets as well as commodities in the last five years.
ABOUT Nooresh Merani
Nooresh, a young and dynamic IT engineer, is a bright exponent of Technical Analysis. His impressive track record includes crisp and accurate views on the Indian and global stock markets as well as commodities in the last five years.

THE SHADOW HERO: Author Gene Luen Yang admits research error through new comic.By Michael Cavna December 9, 2014 Follow @comicriffs
“The Shadow Hero,” by Gene Luen Yang and Sonny Liew (First Second Books).
 
“So. I screwed up.”
That’s how Gene Luen Yang begins his first-person comic this week in a “Diversity in YA” Tumblr post.
Yang is addressing a mistake he made in “The Shadow Hero,” his much-acclaimed graphic novel (created with artist Sonny Liew) that has topped many best-of-2014 lists, including that of The Post’s Book World .
In an essay in the graphic novel’s first printing, Yang explains how “The Shadow Hero” creates a story around what just may be the first Asian American superhero in comics history: The Green Turtle, who first appeared during the World War II era. The Green Turtle was created by Chu F. Hing — that much is true. But in his new comic, Yang corrects the record regarding using “Hing” as the creator’s family name.
“This is incorrect,” Yang writes now. “Hing is his individual name. His familial name is Chu.” Yang goes on to explain how he conducted his research about the “mysterious” ’40s cartoonist who disappeared from comics history soon after the first five issues of the Green Turtle, according to Yang.
The “Shadow Hero” writer goes on to explain :
by Gene Luen Yang (used by permission of the artist)
 
“I felt pretty embarrassed about it,” Yang tells The Post’s Comic Riffs, “especially after hearing a talk that [scholar] Sarah Park Dahlen gave [about cultural missteps] at Hamline University over the summer.
“I’ve been wanting to do a comic about it since then, but only now had the time,” continues Yang, who is a two-time National Book Award finalist, for “American Born Chinese” and “Boxers & Saints.”
Yang himself gave a rousing and widely shared talk about writing diverse characters, during the opening-night event for the National Book Festival this past summer.
 
 
Writer/artist/visual storyteller Michael Cavna is creator of the "Comic Riffs" column and graphic-novel reviewer for The Post's Book World. He relishes sharp-eyed satire in most any form.

Want to automate your home Here is everything you need to knowTata Motors sales up 10 pct in December
Home automation is a term that finds excessive use these days. Simply put, smart homes are associated with a system that provisions centralised control of lighting, heating, ventilation & air-conditioning (HVAC) appliances, shades, AV systems, security locks of gates.
With the number of smart devices – smartphones, tablets and now the smartwatch on the rise, interconnection and communication has become a useful and desirable feature.
Why Home Automation?
Home automation means convenience, efficiency, comfort and security. Here is how it works:
Convenience: Easy access to dim or increase the intensity of lights, control shades etc with the touch of a button on your tablet/smartphone or a dynamic keypad.
Efficiency: Automation systems help easily control and reduce the power consumption of electrical appliances and fittings.
Comfort: Automation can present environments for you without any real effort.
Security: Using automation sensors and communications technologies, homes can be carefully and constantly monitored from anywhere.
How it works: For example, remote monitoring in home automation could be triggered when a smoke detector detects a fire or smoke condition, causing all lights in the house to blink to alert any occupants of the house to the possible emergency. If the house is equipped with a home theater, the home automation system can shut down all audio and video components to avoid distractions, or make an audible announcement.
How to do it?
Building a smart house requires basic thoughts on design and technology. Taking control of things should be done unobtrusively and ensuring maximum efficiency.
Things to keep in mind
There are a few things that one needs to keep in mind while considering the shift. With the advent of wireless solutions, a retrofit installation is much more affordable than in the past. However, planning for home automation when building a new home remains the optimum opportunity to install the technology of your choice and save on infrastructure costs.
If you are building/planning to build a new home and are planning to install home automation systems, it is important to plan it in the early phase. It is always less expensive to install home automation systems while a home is being built rather than to wait till the very end.
With the architecture that you are looking at for your new home, the technology will be incorporated into it accordingly, blending in perfectly. Thinking of automation synchronously with construction plan means that the touch panels, keypads can easily be flush mounted into the walls.
Once installed, the wiring needed for automation systems can be used to add more devices like speakers, televisions, security systems etc. But it is imperative to have all the connections in place well in advance. It not only reduces the cost upfront but also gets rid of the trouble that one has to undergo with the change or addition to wiring once you are residing in the home. In fact, home automation providers these days are working closely with interior designers and architects to help coordinate your living style with controls that might be required.
State-of-the-art light automation systems involve the use of wireless switches and dimmers as against manual switches. To determine which lights need automation it is useful to think of lighting scenes.
Typical lighting scenes are sunset, night lights, morning time, dinner, party, entertainment. A room with different kinds of lighting can serve various purposes – movie screening or reading which is determined by the intensity of light. These scenes provide certain lighting levels depending on the time of day or a particular event taking place in the home. Once you have defined the scenes that you most closely associate yourself with, you can identify the lights needed to accomplish each scene. After you complete the identification process you’ll have a total count of the number of dimmers/switches needed to support your desired scenes.
Installation and cost
No matter what sort of system you’re planning to install, it is recommended to speak to an experienced system integrator first. Not only will they be able to advise you on what kind of system will best suit your needs, but they can also help to ensure that it’s installed in the most efficient and cost effective way.
Your preference might be to have automation with regards to lighting and shade control only, with no relevance of AV or security system; the cost in this case will be less than if you were to go for an extensive system. Simple systems can be installed reasonably cheaply.
Your budget is the only real limit to what you can do to make your house a smart home. You would have an optimised system when you involve the company or integrator in the design phase of the project.
You may go in for a wall mounted dynamic keypad that serves as a central control for all the automated systems in your home or even have access to all the systems by means of an app on your phone so you could control everything on the move especially when you are not at home. Create “scenes” with HomeWorks QS — preset light and shade levels that you can recall at the touch of a button.
For example, press the “Entertain” button on the keypad in your living room and lights and shades will adjust throughout your home to create just the right light. Additionally, you can even go in for sensor based features that automatically switch on or switch off the lights every time you enter or exit a room.
What should one avoid when planning for home automation?
Homeowners should differentiate between what is “must have” and what is “nice to have” especially when you have budget limitation. You should avoid choosing systems which are very complicated to program or make change afterwards because your needs or preferences may change over time.
Reliability is a major factor for these systems. Look for old referral projects from companies. If it always requires complicated programming to change settings by trained professionals, it can bring you a lot of inconvenience and additional cost over time. You should also avoid relying on one single point of control, especially when it’s done via Wi-Fi because if the network is down, you will then have no control of your home devices. Apart from integrated control via a central controller, it’s always good to have individual controls especially wall-mounted keypads, which are always accessible and seldom fail.
If you are looking to set up a three bedroom apartment for yourself and wish to install home automation system with integrated light and shade control:
Preset lighting control system for a single room or studio flat, starts from Rs 45,000
Total home control system for the whole home, starts from Rs 1,75,000
Wired roman shades, roller shades, venetian blinds & curtains, starts from Rs 35,000
For Sensory based control, starts from Rs 8,500
For an average household, you can save up to 60% of your lighting energy and 10-30% of your heating and cooling costs by adopting various strategies such as occupancy sensing, daylight harvesting, personal dimming control, automated shading, plug load control and time scheduling etc. Dimming your lights by 25% can save 20% energy.
Automated shades can help block harmful UV and solar heat gain, thus lowering energy consumption by air-conditioners. So a home automation with total control of electric light and daylight will not only create a comfortable living environment, but also help save energy and money, while contributing to a greener planet.
Written by Manjul Trehan, Country Head and Sales Director, Lutron Electronics, India & SAARC.
Post Comments
More from industry

Sugar stocks soar  CCEA fixes price for ethanol procurementDec 11, 2014, 09.50 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sugar stocks soar, CCEA fixes price for ethanol procurement
The Cabinet Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA) fixed the delivered price of Ethanol in the range of Rs 48.50 per litre to Rs 49.50 per litre, depending upon the distance of sugar mill from the depot/installation of the public sector oil marketing companies (OMCs), an official statement said.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sugar stocks soar, CCEA fixes price for ethanol procurement
The Cabinet Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA) fixed the delivered price of Ethanol in the range of Rs 48.50 per litre to Rs 49.50 per litre, depending upon the distance of sugar mill from the depot/installation of the public sector oil marketing companies (OMCs), an official statement said.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Investors are hurriedly buying shares of sugar stocks in early trade on government’s impetus for the industry. Sugar stocks like Balrampur Chini , Bajaj Hindusthan ,  Shree Renuka Sugars rallied 7-8 percent on Thursday as the government has fixed a price of Rs 48.50-49.50 per litre for procurement of ethanol for blending with petrol, a rate much higher than the price oil companies presently pay to buy the sugarcane extract.
Abinash Verma, DG, Indian Sugar Mills Association (ISMA) says in a euphoric note that almost all private sugar companies will benefit from it as sugar industry is likely to see better realisations with new price. He also adds that procurement may increase up to 10 percent If supplies increase.
“Indian revenue may rake in nearly Rs 5,000 crore after the new rate is implemented.  Oil marketing companies (OMCs) have been paying Rs 47.50 at oil depot for procurement,” Verma says in an interview to CNBC-TV18.
The Cabinet Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA) fixed the delivered price of Ethanol in the range of Rs 48.50 per litre to Rs 49.50 per litre, depending upon the distance of sugar mill from the depot/installation of the public sector oil marketing companies (OMCs), an official statement said.
For the distance ranging from 0-100 kms price is fixed at Rs 48.50 per litre, for 101-300 kms price will be around Rs 49.00 per litre and for the distance more than 300 kms price will be around Rs 49.50 per litre, the statement added.
"The rates proposed would be delivered price at depot location and inclusive of all Central and State taxes, transportation costs, etc which would be borne by the Ethanol suppliers," it added.
OMCs will incorporate the "Supply or Pay" clause duly backed up with bank guarantee in their supply agreement with ethanol suppliers.
Besides that, OMCs will also sign memorandum with the State Governments for a comprehensive system for uninterrupted inter-depot transfer of Ethanol within a State. This may include annual excise permits to OMCs for movement of Ethanol and other relevant measures, it said.
Oil firms presently pay about Rs 29/litre for ethanol. The Food Ministry had said that ex-sugar mill price of ethanol is around Rs 42.02 per litre. For ethanol suppliers, the landed cost of ethanol at the OMCs depots would be around Rs 49 per litre.
In November 2012, the government had mandated compulsory 5 percent blending of ethanol in petrol but the programme has not extended beyond certain centres because of supply and pricing issues. The procurement price of ethanol was earlier decided by oil companies and the suppliers of ethanol.
Company

Telugu actor Pavan Kalyans Janasena gets EC registrationTelugu actor Pavan Kalyan’s Janasena gets EC registration
PTI
Business Line A file photo of film actor and Janasena president Pavan Kalyan speaking at a rally in Visakhapatnam. - Photo: C.V. Subrahmanyam
Hyderabad, Dec 11:  
The Janasena Party of popular Telugu actor Pavan Kalyan, who played a key role in campaign of BJP-TDP combine, is now registered with the Election Commission, paving the way for its foray into electoral politics, the outfit said today.
“The Election Commission of India has given registration to the ‘Janasena Party’ as a political party Under Section 29A of the Representation of the People Act,1951 with effect from 24.11.2014 vide Registration Number 56/118/2014/PPS-I dated 28.11.2014,” Janasena said in a statement.
The EC has set aside the objections received to the party’s registration in response to the public notice published in news papers treating them as unsustainable, it said.
“The Election Commission has also indicated the facility of availing of Common Symbol under provisions of paragraph 10B of the Symbols (Reservation and Allotment) Order,” it said.
The party has already applied for registration in both the states of Andhra Pradesh and Telangana for local body election purpose, the statement added.
Pavan Kalyan, younger brother of former Union Minister and actor-turned-politician Chiranjeevi, is a top-ranking hero in the Telugu film industry.
The 43-year-old star had campaigned extensively in support of the TDP-BJP combine in undivided Andhra Pradesh for the general elections earlier this year.
His campaign is believed to be one of the key factors in the success of the TDP-BJP combine in the elections.
(This article was published on December 11, 2014)
Related

World Wide Web inventor says Internet should be  human rightBy: Associated Press | London |
Posted: December 11, 2014 2:11 pm
The computer scientist credited with inventing the World Wide Web says affordable access to the Internet should be recognized as a human right, as a report showed that billions of people still cannot go online and government surveillance and censorship are increasing.
Tim Berners-Lee said Thursday the Internet can help tackle inequality — but only if it comes with the rights to privacy and freedom of expression. The Briton, who launched the Web in 1990, made the remarks as he released his World Wide Web Foundation’s latest report tracking the Internet’s global impact.
The Web Index found that laws preventing mass online surveillance are weak or nonexistent in more than 84 per cent of countries. It also said that almost 40 percent of surveyed countries were blocking sensitive online content to a “moderate or extreme degree,” and that half of all Web users live in countries that severely restrict their rights online.
Almost 4.4 billion people — most of them in developing countries — still have no access to the Internet, the Web Index said.
“It’s time to recognize the Internet as a basic human right,” Berners-Lee said. “That means guaranteeing affordable access for all, ensuring Internet packets are delivered without commercial or political discrimination, and protecting the privacy and freedom of Web users regardless of where they live.”
Denmark, Finland, and Norway were ranked as top overall, meaning they were best at using the Internet for economic, political and social progress. At the bottom of a list of 86 countries were Yemen, Myanmar and Ethiopia.
Berners-Lee was working an engineer at the CERN laboratory in Geneva when he proposed the idea of a World Wide Web in 1989.

Google GOSF a roaring success despite  limited  discountsGoogle GOSF a roaring success despite ‘limited’ discounts
By: feonline |        New Delhi |  December 12, 2014 8:47 am
Summary
Van Heusen Stellar collection launched exclusively with Google GOSF has almost been sold out already.
This year, Google has a special section offering products at Rs 299 with free shipping and cash on delivery to attract first-time buyer to GOSF.
Other Articles
Roche loses patent for osteoporosis drug in India
Google’s Great Online Shopping Festival (GOSF) has seen great response since midnight yesterday. This year, Google has a special section offering products at Rs 299 with free shipping and cash on delivery to attract first-time buyers, who comprised over 30% customers last year. Discounts may not be on the lower side this year and are visible only across fewer and select categories and brands.
Here are the key facts on Day 1 of Google’s Great Online Shopping Festival (GOSF), which will run till December 12:
Traffic: From 12 midnight yesterday to evening of the first day, GOSF have already surpassed the overall users it had received through last year (4 days of event). This signifies the increased consumer confidence. Google expects to get at least 3-4 times more visitors.
* Trendin & Van Heusen has seen a 7-10X increase in traffic and transactions on their site. In fact, the Van Heusen Stellar collection launched exclusively with GOSF has almost been sold out already.
* ShopClues saw unprecedented sales and an increase in traffic by as much as 200%, just within the first 90 minutes of the festival launch.
* Puravankara’ s Greatest Online Sale on Homes in association with Google’s GOSF Campaign saw unprecedented response from home buyer with over 125 homes being booked within the first 12 hours of the campaign. The innovative and significant benefits of booking a Puravankara or a Provident Home, by paying just Rs 549  or Rs 299 has enthused several hundreds of home buyers across locations.
* Tata Value Homes has received an overwhelming response on the opening day. Over 10,000 registrations have come in for their homes across 5 projects in Bangalore, Chennai, Pune, Ahmedabad and Boisar Near Mumbai. These apartments on GOSF 2014 can be booked online by paying Rs 20k only.
* Freecultr has already seen 6-7X increase in their visitors so far with almost a 10X impact on revenue on the first day itself. The 299 corner is a great innovation for consumers and retailers alike. It is a great way to get on board the “first time shoppers” who have never tried shopping online earlier, thus expanding the user base for e-commerce as a whole.
* With GOSF 2014, Brigade Group has launched a platform that provides all the details a prospective buyer will need to help him buy a home without actually visiting the project site. This, coupled with the excitement that GOSF 2014 has churned, has resulted in an increase in online traffic of over 100% from across the globe. They recorded their first sale in less than one hour after going live at 1 am, the best testament to the power of this medium.
* Dineout, the largest table reservation provider in the country received a significant increase in traffic of about 7X and the No. of deals sold were 5X of the normal traffic observed by dineout in the recent past. Sahil Jain, Co-founder, Dineout
* Jabong has reported 4X revenue over a normal day and 6X over last GOSF. On the first day itself, Jabong has observed an extraordinary leap with their revenue rising 4 times compared to their sales on any regular day.  There has been a rise in revenue from mobile at least by 6 times as compared to the last GOSF.  Even the traffic from GOSF on the website  has significantly risen by 8 times  as compared to the last year.
Best-sellers: Categories which have seen maximum traction are Exclusive launches, Electronics. Home and Kitchen. Men and women lifestyle products. 33% traffic is for the Rs 299 corner.

CIO Banque Internationale a LuxembourgDon't have an account yet? - Register now
Thank you for posting your query
We will send it across to the expert; watch this space for the reply.
Your message will also be posted on our community on messageboard

Chief Strategist - Derivatives & Technicals Violet Arch Capital AdvisorsDon't have an account yet? - Register now
Thank you for posting your query
We will send it across to the expert; watch this space for the reply.
Your message will also be posted on our community on messageboard

India Inc s growing disconnect between profits and dividendsIndia Inc's growing disconnect between profits and dividends
Krishna Kant & Abhineet Kumar | Mumbai Dec 11, 2014 10:50 PM IST
If information technology (IT) major Infosys been more generous in distributing its surplus cash over the years to its shareholders, would its promoters have had less incentive to sell their holdings to raise cash to fund their post-retirement pursuit?
Two days earlier, four of the founders sold around 18 million shares collectively, leading to a sharp fall in its share price. The founders together raised around Rs 6,500 crore from their sales.
Infosys had cash & equivalent worth Rs 28,144 crore at the end of March, 62.6 per cent of the company’s assets at the end of that financial year, the highest among the top five IT majors. Had Infosys distributed the cash pile through special dividends, the promoters would have had more cash to play with. In the five years ending March, Infosys distributed nearly a third of its net profit as equity dividend. The corresponding ratio for Tata Consultancy Services was 40 per cent and would rise further if its payout in the first quarter of the current financial year was taken into account. The company has distributed nearly all of its profits in the first half as a mix of regular and special dividend.
Elsewhere in India Inc, the link between profits and dividend payout has weakened in recent years. In the past five years, the dividend payout by BSE 200 companies, excluding bank & financial ones, grew at a compounded annual rate (CAGR) of 20.5 per cent, much faster than the 12.1 per cent compounded growth in net profit.
This disconnect between profits and dividends could have prompted the Securities and Exchange Board of India to propose a dividend policy for listed companies. Having one should discourage both cash hoarders and those which borrow to maintain a payout ratio.
Companies in general stepped-up their payout ratio (proportion of current year net profit distributed as equity dividend) in response to a decline in growth and profitability. In FY14, companies paid out about a third of their net profit (34.2 per cent) as dividends against 23.8 per cent in FY09 and 22.7 per cent in FY11. During the same period, return on equity for the sample declined to 13.8 per cent in FY14 from 15.7 per cent in FY09 and a high of 17.8 per cent in FY11 (see chart).
 
Companies in cash-rich sectors such as consumer goods, IT services and pharmaceuticals have been accumulating cash. Those struggling with slow growth and poor profitability such as construction & infrastructure, capital goods and power companies have stepped up pay out to maintain some parity with past dividends.
In all, 158 non-bank & financials companies cumulatively distributed Rs 101,767 crore as equity dividend in 2013-14, up by 24 per cent, much faster than the 9.4 per cent year-on-year growth in net profit. The mis-match was highlighted by India Ratings, local arm of Fitch Ratings. It suggested 57 companies borrowed as much as $3.5 billion (Rs 21,000 crore) in 2012-13 to pay dividends. The report did not name the companies. As Infosys suggests, the reverse is also true. Some of India’s most cash-rich and profitable companies are accumulating cash at a faster clip. For 18 out of 158 non-financial BSE 200 companies, cash & equivalents on their books accounted for more than half of their assets. Seven companies reported a cash to asset ratio of 75 per cent or higher in 2013-14.
“The difference in companies’ dividend payout strategy is natural, as they operate in different environments,” says Amit Tandon, co-founder of proxy advisory firm Institutional Investor Advisory Services. “This is why we believe that companies should be upfront about their strategy, as shareholders need to know this.”
For the entire sample, cash represented 14.5 per cent of a company’s assets on average at the end of FY14.
At the end of March this year, the companies in our sample were sitting on cash & equivalents worth Rs 6.6 lakh crore or $107 billion. The cash pile was up 17 per cent in FY14 over the previous year and has expanded at a CAGR of 13.4 per cent, beating net profit growth of 12.1 per cent during the period.

Defence agrees to release 5MHz spectrum in 2100MHz band: DoT sourceDefence agrees to release 5MHz spectrum in 2100MHz band: DoT source
BS Reporter | New Delhi Dec 12, 2014 12:47 AM IST
The defence ministry has finally agreed to release 5 MHz of spectrum in the 2,100 MHz band, which the department of telecommunications (DoT) will auction along with 800, 900 and 1,800 MHz bands in February.
“The proposed swap of 15 MHz spectrum in 2,100 MHz band, with similar quantity in 1,900 MHz band, between the armed forces and the DoT is underway. The ministers of both the departments have met a few times in the past few weeks. However, it may take time to be resolved,” said a source in DoT.
The defence ministry had earlier released 15 MHz of spectrum in the 2,100-MHz band, allocated to operators for commercial use to provide 3G services.
The source also said DoT had finalised the reserve price for 800, 900 and 1,800 MHz bands of radiowaves that would be auctioned in February. The Telecom Commission in its meeting on Monday had recommended a base price of Rs 3,693 crore per MHz for 900 MHz spectrum across 18 circles, about 23 per cent higher than what the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (Trai) had suggested.
For 800 MHz band, the commission had suggested a base price of Rs  3,646 crore per MHz (pan-Indian), 17 per cent more than the Trai-recommended price. For 1,800 MHz band, it had recommended the base price of Rs 2,191 crore per MHz across 20 telecom zones.
DoT had already asked Trai for its recommendations on pricing and valuation of the 2,100-MHz spectrum that it wants to auction in February, along with the 800 MHz, 900 MHz and 1,800 MHz bands. Trai has already floated a consultation paper on this. Simultaneous auction of all bands would benefit operators including Bharti Airtel, Vodafone, Idea and Reliance Communications, which had feared a shortage of spectrum would lead to cut-throat competition and raise auction prices.
DoT has estimated the next round of spectrum auction in February will fetch at least Rs 9,355 crore. According to estimates, auction of spectrum in the 2,100-MHz band could get bids worth at least Rs 5,000 crore.
The DoT had met telecom operators last week to deliberate the issue of call drop that has become a serious concern for consumers.

TCS plans workforce restructuringTCS plans to restructure workforce, move may impact senior employees
BS Reporters | Pune / Bengaluru Dec 12, 2014 12:50 AM IST
TCS has issued a clarification on this story. Please read it at the end of the article.
Tata Consultancy Services (TCS), India’s largest information-technology services player, is learnt to be undergoing a restructuring exercise. The workforce optimisation programme, in the planning stage, is expected to be over in February 2015.  
According to company sources, every vertical has been asked to identify senior staff who have not been very productive. Employees who have been put under the scanner are above the rank of consultant — senior consultant, principal consultant, vice-presidents, etc.
“These are employees with around 20 years of experience and some 25,000 employees could fall in this category. They would be reviewed during the process which will get over by February 2015, before the next appraisal cycle starts from March,” the sources added.
ADAPTING TO CHANGE
Every vertical has been asked to identify senior staff who have not been very productive, say sources
 
Those under the scanner are above the rank of consultant - senior consultant, principal consultant, vice-presidents
 
The firm is also pulling back staff from onsite locations, especially those whose roles are not being considered critical
According to one executive, who did not wish to be named, the employees are being evaluated under two criteria - how critical his or her role is and how much revenue he or she has been able to generate for the company. The company is also pulling back staff from onsite locations, especially those whose roles are not being considered as critical. The restructuring, however, will not have any impact on the hiring of junior-level employees and freshers, added the executive.
When contacted, a TCS spokesperson said: “As a performance-driven company, workforce optimisation is a continuous process, which happens throughout the year, taking into account employee performance, business needs, and people aspirations. This leads to some amount of involuntary attrition in the company. This is nothing out of the ordinary or a special situation for us to comment about.” The company went on reiterate that it was on track to hiring 55,000 professional for FY16.
At the end of the quarter ended September 30, TCS had a total headcount of 313,757 following a gross employee addition of 20,000.
Analyst covering the company and the sector are not too concerned about the development. Several of the analysts that Business Standard spoke to said this trend has been happening for some time now and players such as Infosys and Wipro, too, have initiated such programmes.
“Around one to two per cent of involuntary attrition happens in almost all the companies and TCS is not an exception. The overall numbers at TCS may be more pronounced due to its size,” said an analyst on condition of anonymity.
IT services industry body Nasscom has been pointing out to such a situation for some time that warrants companies to focus on upgrading skill sets to remain competitive in the global sourcing market.
According to Nasscom Perspective 2020, the sector is already facing a shortage of employable talent and companies are hiring people who lack skills but are trainable. “An average company is investing 16 weeks to train one employee in areas such as technical skills, soft skills, company orientation and process-specific domain skills. As a result, the training and recruitment cost of technology services companies has risen steadily in the past few years. Recruiting a trainable pool is not sustainable option going forward,” the report noted.
Companies in the sector have been pointing out that going ahead, increased automation will make them reduce the hiring target. In a recent interview to Business Standard, Wipro’s chief executive officer (CEO) T K Kurien had stated: “We believe we should be able to do the same thing that TCS has done, but with a lesser number of people. Large numbers of people are the biggest worry for us because we believe that at some time, you will hit an upper limit. So our target is to reach that kind of performance but with a highest level of automation.”
With TCS aiming to generate annual revenue of $5 billion from its digital services in the next few years, N Chandrasekaran, managing director and CEO of TCS, has in the past said that the world and hence the business has moved to a different paradigm. “Technology innovation will only increase. We have talked about digital issues like cloud, big data, mobility, etc. But going ahead, a lot more technologies will be built on top of that. From our side, the world has moved into a different paradigm and it’s called the default digital paradigm,” he had told Business Standard in an earlier interview.
“It is a fact that there are several IT professionals who joined the industry during the 1990s and have not upgraded their skill. They need to either re-skill themselves, up-skill or leave the organisation. This reset of employee capability is the new reality and will be now evident in every business cycle,” said another analyst.
TCS clarifies:
TCS has clarified that the restructuring will not affect "some 25,000 employees with around 20 years of experience", as mentioned in the report. A TCS statement says as has been mentioned by Ajay Mukherjee, EVP and head of global HR at a press conference  in Bangalore on December 12, "the annual involuntary attrition is between 1-2 per cent across the organisation which includes employees who retire, business associated hired for specific  projects, etc". The error is regretted.

KK turbocharged co s growth in adverse timesStory
Steel beneath softness
Venkatesha Babu      Follow @venkateshababu    Edition: Dec 21, 2014
Krishnakumar Natarajan, MD & CEO, Mindtree | Best CEO: IT/ITES (Mid-sized companies) | (Photo: Nilotpal Baruah)
Amiable, convivial and genial are some of the adjectives used to describe Krishnakumar Natarajan, or KK, the easygoing CEO of Mindtree . In January 2011, though, nothing was going easy for the Bangalore-based IT and outsourcing company, which was co-founded by KK, Ashok Soota, one of Indian IT's grand old man, among others, in 1999. Soota, who was then the Executive Chairman, decided to part ways with Mindtree (KK was the CEO), and there were questions on whether the company would survive, let alone thrive.
Fast forward to 2014, and the company has grown at a compound annual growth rate of 27 per cent in revenues and 65 per cent in profit after tax over the last three years, handsomely beating the industry average and its peers. And if you were savvy enough to bet on the company, when it was hammered in February 2011, it would have given you a 364 per cent return compared to a 55 per cent return for the Bombay Stock Exchange's benchmark Sensex or a 63 per cent return for the more comparable BSE technology index.
About Krishnakumar Natarajan
So, how did KK, 57, manage to turbocharge growth just when the markets had turned negative on his company? For this it is important to understand KK's background. Beneath the ever smiling face is a steely resolve which is deployed when it matters. He realised this when he was in Class X (matriculation), a rite of passage for students in India, which helps them determine their future. An average student in his own words, KK suddenly decided to focus on his studies one day without any goading of his railway doctor father and homemaker mother. When the results came out, he had not only topped his school but also came 12th in Tamil Nadu. "That is when I realised that if I set my mind to something I could achieve it. There was no trigger or push factor. I just felt I wanted to do it and I did it," he says.
When he joined College of Engineering, Guindy, in Tamil Nadu, his love for sports, table tennis and badminton in particular, combined with excellence in academics, meant that he was very popular and was elected president of the college union in his final year. The college, which came under the University of Madras, was later renamed Anna University. This had a deleterious impact on the students who wanted to go abroad to study - the University of Madras brand was well accepted, but Anna's was new. So students requested that for those who had already enrolled, certificates should be issued under the University of Madras moniker, a demand which was refused. When the then President of India was supposed to visit the university, KK called for a strike to have their demand acceded to. The college authorities were forced to oblige. "When required I can take tough decisions. One need not thump the table and raise the voice to be effective," avers KK.
After engineering and an MBA from XLRI, Jamshedpur, KK says he had job offers from Tata Burroughs, HCL and ORG (Operations Research Group), an IT company promoted by Sarabhai family. He chose ORG, but when the promoters did not show much inclination towards the business, Ashok Narasimhan, the man who kickstarted Wipro's IT foray, hired him. KK worked with Wipro from 1982 to 1999 and was responsible for growing the company's e-commerce and financial solutions business. He also served as the HR head of company's IT services division. It was at Wipro that KK met his wife, Akila, who now heads Social Venture Partners.
At Mindtree , KK had to once move against his one-time boss and mentor Soota when strategic differences arose among its founders on where the company should invest its time and resources in. "It was not easy (to go against) Ashok. After all, he was my boss at Wipro and, more than that, somebody whom I respect and like. But in the larger interest of the company and other stakeholders, I had to take some tough decisions and I did," said KK.
After Soota left, Mindtree had to quickly reinvent its strategy to stay relevant. A big part of that move was to focus on select areas and hack through internal layers, to bring the company closer to customers. That meant letting go of a 'long tail' of customers. From about 306 customers, the company pruned the list to around 200. "Some of the customers were too small. We looked at whether there was scope for a long term relationship and if we could scale. Also, another factor was what we would learn from the engagement. If none of the right brackets ticked, we had to let them go and focus on our other customers," said KK.
"I didn't want to load up on debt. There is room for everybody, large, mid and small firms. Mindtree's greatest testament comes from our growing number of satisfied customers"
Instead of competing with large players in all segments head on, Mindtree stressed on areas such as testing and application maintenance, travel, hospitality, among others, where it could hope to emerge as a player of some size and scale.
As Sudin Apte, Research Director and CEO at Offshore Insights, a sourcing advisory firm, says: "It [Mindtree] clearly has made some smart moves, which have paid off. But it has a long way to go. Remember its original promise was to become a $1 billion in revenue company by 2014 and they are just over half of that. Meanwhile, even the goalpost on what constitutes a Tier-II company has moved. Now Tier-I players are $10 billion-plus in revenue and Tier-II are $1 billion-plus in revenue. They are an interesting Tier-III player."
The other nominees: IT/ITES (Mid-sized companies)
Sanchit Vir Gogia, Chief Analyst and CEO at Greyhound Research, says while KK has done a good job of holding the company together and steering it onto a path of high growth, more needs to be done. "It [Mindtree] may compete with a Virtusa (another IT firm of similar size) and win a contract, but the IT outsourcing and offshoring story is fundamentally shifting, and Mindtree needs to invest in emerging areas quickly if it wants to sustain growth and margins. It has to seriously explore larger inorganic growth strategies."
KK, however, feels Mindtree was not in a position to make such large moves when both Satyam Computer and Patni [acquisition] opportunities came up. "I didn't want to load up on debt. There is room for everybody, large, mid and small firms. Mindtree's greatest testament comes from our growing number of satisfied customers."
In a game of table tennis, KK has clearly come back from behind to win a 'set', but whether he can win the match for Mindtree, remains to be seen.

Cow urine can be better insecticide: BJP MPIf Mamata Banerjee arrested, Bengal will be on fire: Trinamool Congress MP Idris Ali
Cow urine mixed with neem leaves can be a better insecticide than the chemical ones, according to a BJP MP.
Nand Kumar Sai said in the Rajya Sabha that farmers were well-off earlier and happy with the yield using manure for cultivation and they should go back to that practice.
During a discussion on the country’s agrigarian crisis, he said with the rise in the use of chemical fertilisers, they are committing suicide while the quality of the produce has come down.
“Why can’t we use gomutra and mix it with neem leaves in place of insecticides now? … Farmers would not commit suicide earlier even if there was famine, but they are doing it now,” he said.
Sai suggested encouraging rearing of bovine creatures for both milk and cowdung, saying it would stop production and sales of artificial and adultrated milk-related products, now rampant in various states of the country.
Members, cutting across the party-line, suggested various solutions for the welfare of the country’s farming community, which constitute a large chunk of the total population.
Some members also suggested that farmers above the age of 60 should get pension. Rajya Sabha Deputy Chairman P J Kurien endorsed, saying,” That is a very genuine demand.”
Post Comments
More from miscellaneous

Indo-Asean trade to touch $100 billion next yearIndo-Asean trade to touch $100 billion next year
Our Bureau
Nirmala Sitharaman, Minister of State for Commerce, with CII President Ajay S Shriram during the inaugural session of the 2nd India- CLMV Business Conclave,in New Delhi, on Thursday PTI
North-East will be threshold of Look East policy: Sitharaman
New Delhi, December 11:  
India’s trade with the 10-member Asean bloc is set to touch $100 billion by 2015 from around $80 billion at present, thanks to the benefits flowing from the free trade agreement signed with the region, said Nirmala Sitharaman, Minister for Commerce & Industry.
“In 2009, the FTA in goods had been signed and because of that trade between Asean and India has reached about $80 billion,” she said at the India-CLMV (Cambodia, Laos, Myanmar and Vietnam) business conclave organised by the Commerce Ministry and CII on Thursday. India’s trade with Asean was under $50 billion in 2008-09.
The Minister said that India’s trade with the CLMV countries was concentrated in only a few items and there was tremendous scope to deepen and widen the trade basket.
Skill development, agricultural products, manufacturing, project exports and energy were some of the areas where there was scope for more trade, Sitharaman said.
The Minister added that India’s ‘Look East’ policy had become very sharp focussed and was now actually an “Act East” policy.” “We are very keen to open up the north-east part of India, open up the economy, improve on its connectivity with the rest of the East and therefore look at India’s North-East as threshold to our ‘Act East’ policy,” she added.
Robust physical connectivity through road, rail and sea links will enable businesses on both sides to leverage the opportunities created by the India-Asean FTA in goods.
Referring to the FTA in services and investment that will come into force in July 1, 2015, Sitharaman said seamless connectivity will spur people-to-people contacts and tourism, create new enterprises and millions of jobs for people in the region.
This will be enhanced especially when the economic corridors along the India-CLMV road and rail lines will be fully developed, she added.
(This article was published on December 11, 2014)
Related

BioAsia 2015 partners with Indian Medical Assn  TiEHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
BioAsia 2015 partners with Indian Medical Assn, TiE
Our Bureau
By 2018, India’s healthcare IT market expected to touch $1.45 b
Hyderabad, December 11:  
The 12th edition of the annual international life sciences conference, BioAsia 2015, has tied up with Indian Medical Association and The Indus Entrepreneurs (TiE) to expand the potential of digital healthcare.
Healthcare conference
As part of the partnership, a digital health and healthcare IT conference will be held during BioAsia next year to enable technology professionals, entrepreneurs, investors, medical practitioners and others to interact, present ideas, explore solutions and improve healthcare.
“The event will bring together the global thought leaders, medical practitioners, the start-up community, investors, tech companies, and other stakeholders on a single platform to explore opportunities and contribute to the overall cause of improving healthcare through discussions, idea sharing and enabling innovations.
Data analytics
IMA and TiE are uniquely placed to partner BioAsia in helping meet this objective,” Shakthi Nagappan, CEO, BioAsia said in a release issued here on Thursday.
According to a recent study India’s healthcare information technology market is expected to touch $1.45 billion in 2018, more than thrice the $381.3 million reached in 2012.
Commenting on the tie-up, Murali Bukkapatnam, President, TiE Hyderabad, said: “By partnering with BioAsia 2015, we are offering our startup ecosystem another platform to explore possibilities in the healthcare domain.”
One of focus areas would be data analytics, an area where the start-up community can contribute significantly, he added.
(This article was published on December 11, 2014)
Related

Competition panel keeping eye on oil marketing firms: Ashok ChawlaCompetition panel keeping eye on oil marketing firms: Ashok Chawla
 Navadha Pandey/Richa Mishra
Tweet
New Delhi, December 10:  
The Competition Commission of India (CCI) believes that public sector oil marketing companies behave like a cartel on retail prices of auto fuel – petrol and diesel.
“We are not shutting our eyes on them (PSU retailers),” Ashok Chawla, Chairman, CCI said. With both petrol and diesel deregulated now, the Commission feels that the time is right to get competition in the sector.
The three public sector retailers – Indian Oil Corporation, Bharat Petroleum Corporation, and Hindustan Petroleum Corporation -- enjoy market share of over 98 per cent, and remaining left with private retailers such as Essar, Reliance Industries and Shell.
Questions have been raised time and again by private retailers on the price system followed by PSU entities, who had also approached the CCI. But, the PSU retailers had challenged the CCI jurisdiction in monitoring their business.
When the fuel price was under a controlled regime, the Government used to compensate the PSU retailers for the revenue loss incurred by them for selling these products below cost. The same dispensation was not available for private sector, leading to market distortion.
“We do face these challenges when dealing with Government companies. Issue of Coal India is another example,” he said, adding that “there has to be better coordination and clarity among various Government agencies.”
Though the auto fuel sector is now market linked, the PSU retailers are still at an advantage because of their sheer size, he said. “It is not going to be so easy for the private retailers, who will face tough competition. We will have to watch out for that. Maybe they (the PSU companies) will have a nod or wink with each other and try to keep this (private retailers) people out,” Chawla added.
On whether e-commerce business can come under CCI radar, he said that the Commission had received a complaint against online retailers for indulging in alleged unfair business practices through their e-commerce schemes. “The sector is generating a lot of interest. There are also separate issues which govern the sector. We haven’t decided whether the cases are fit for investigation.”
As far as real estate sector is concerned, the Confederation of Real Estate Developers' Associations of India (CREDAI), along with a few builders, had come under CCI lens for allegedly entering into one-sided agreements with buyers and following common practices. Chawla said, “The matter, after investigation, is before the Commission and a decision could be expected shortly.”
(This article was published on December 11, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Let banks decide on consolidation: SBI chiefPSBs must source capital from market
New Delhi, December 11:  
The Centre must leave it to the public sector banks (PSBs) to decide on the consolidation candidates, State Bank of India Chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya has said.
“It is important to start conversations among banks as to who should merge with whom,” she said at the Delhi Economics Conclave 2014 here on Thursday, adding that it is important for PSBs to decide for themselves on the right partner. The SBI chief also said India must work towards three-four large banks through consolidation. Bhattacharya’s remark is in line with the previous UPA regime’s stance of allowing banks to come up with their own proposals for consolidation.
As on date, the Narendra Modi Government has no stated policy on bank consolidation. Indications are that the upcoming Budget will spell out the new dispensation’s policy stance and may even come up with some “big ticket” announcements on the merger front. Reacting to the Union Cabinet’s nod on Wednesday for whittling down the Centre’s holding in public sector banks to 52 per cent, the SBI chief said this will kick-off the next round of reforms.
“Public sector banks are being given a clear signal that they have to source capital from the market,” she said, adding that to raise capital PSBs have to be seen as efficient.
“The big daddy back there is not going to be around to give them (the PSBs) capital as and when they need. If they (the PSBs) need to be competitive and want to grow, they definitely need to look at other places for more capital,” she added.
Bhattacharya also suggested that the Department of Financial Services come out with a framework for PSBs to issue shares with differential voting rights.
    
(This article was published on December 11, 2014)
Related

Why Idea Cellular continues to be a good investmentWhy Idea Cellular continues to be a good investment
Ram Prasad Sahu |  Dec 11, 2014 10:46 PM IST
The Idea Cellular stock is down 17 per cent over the past fortnight on concerns of overbidding in the upcoming auctions and business impact from any aggressive pricing by Reliance Jio. With spectrum reserve prices expected to see an increase of 15-20 per cent, coupled with higher bids, could translate into higher cash outgo for the company.
Unlike competition, licence renewal for Idea is taking place in circles that contribute 72 per cent of revenues. The numbers for Bharti and Vodafone are 34 per cent and 39 per cent, respectively. If Idea is unable to acquire any 900 MHz spectrum, it could lead to some disruptions in its services.
Most analysts believe overbidding remains the key risk limiting any near-term gains in the stock despite good execution and consistent market share gains. While auction risk remains, analysts at Citi Research believe with defence swapping 15 MHz of 2,100 MHz, which, coupled with the available 900/1,800 MHz, should cap high bidding for 900 MHz, given telecom companies will be keen to complete their 3G footprint.
The other issue is of competitive pressures from new players, which could impact both Bharti and Idea. However, Bank of America Merrill Lynch analysts say the impact would be relatively lower for Idea, given its smaller presence in metros and larger presence in rural areas. Impact from R-Jio would relatively be lower due to fewer rural data subscribers.
The Street is also concerned about the price cuts by Bharti Airtel for 4G and the convergence of prices of 3G and 4G prices. If the trend (lower pricing, 4G launch on 1,800 MHz) continues, analysts at Credit Suisse believe a situation will arise where 3G networks will be competing against newer networks of far superior capability on speed, coverage and cost. This will hurt (lower pricing even before the launch of R-Jio) as 3G data has accounted for nearly 60 per cent in mobile Ebidta for Bharti over the past two years. The Bharti Airtel stock is also under pressure and is down 15 per cent over the past two weeks.
While there is pressure on incumbents, analysts at Sharekhan believe the Street is reading too much into the risks. They say the market is ignoring the improving industry dynamics, strong data growth potential and robust execution capability of Idea Cellular. With revenues growing at an annual rate of 21 per cent over FY10-14, the company has outperformed the sector with revenue market share growing from 11.5 per cent in FY10 to 16.7 per cent at the end of September quarter of FY15. Most analysts believe the company will outperform its listed peers Bharti and RCom by growing its FY14-17 revenues annually by 15-18 per cent, while the two peers are expected to grow by 4-8 per cent during the period.
About 60 per cent of analysts covering the Idea stock have a 'buy' on it with a consensus target price of Rs 82. Given the current market price of Rs 146, this offers a 25 per cent upside.

PSBs can issue equity with differential voting rightsNEW DELHI, December 12, 2014
Updated: December 12, 2014 00:37 IST
PSBs can issue equity with differential voting rights, says SBI chief Arundhati Bhattacharya
PTI
State Bank of India Chairman Arundhati Bhattacharya. Photo: Paul Noronha
TOPICS
banking
‘It is better to merge good banks with good banks’
With the government indicating that it would not continue to fund public sector banks (PSBs), State Bank of India (SBI) Chairman Arundhati Bhattacharya on Thursday said they could look at issuing shares with differential voting rights to raise funds to meet the Basel-III capital adequacy norms.
“The writing on the wall is very clear...they (PSBs) have to think of differential voting rights. It is time to lay out some kind of roadmap on how much the banks need to do and how much support it would get,” she said while talking to reporters on the sidelines of a conference here.
The government on Wednesday allowed PSBs to raise up to Rs.1.60 lakh crore from markets by diluting government holding to 52 per cent in phases so as to meet the Basel III norms.
Pitching for consolidation in the banking sector, Ms. Bhattacharya said it was important to have 3-4 major banks.
According to Ms. Bhattacharya, “it is better to merge good banks with good banks.”
“The news that the government has allowed PSBs to bring down the government stake to 52 per cent kicks off the next round of reforms... because for the first time, clear signal has been given (to PSBs) to source capital from the market.
“The big daddy back there is not going to be around to give them capital as and when they need. If they need to be competitive and want to grow, then they definitely need to look at other places for more capital,” Ms. Bhattacharya added.
Basel III norms
The Basel III norms, which will come into effect from March 31, 2019, were put in place following the 2007-08 financial crisis triggered by the fall of Lehman Brothers.
The norms are aimed at improving risk management and governance while raising the banking sector’s ability to absorb financial and economic stress.
As per Basel-III norms, the minimum capital level for Tier-1 has to be 7 per cent.
Ms. Bhattacharya said bankers were paid poorly in India as compared to their counterparts elsewhere in the world.
Ms. Bhattacharya also suggested that the government should provide some kind of a roadmap for public sector banks on how much capital support they could expect from shareholders and how much they had to raise from the market.
“If some kind of a roadmap could be led out for the banks to understand what they need to do on their own and how much support would be available... that would enable the banks to properly lay out their own plans as to how they do things,” she said.
It would make the banks come up to the efficiency level that the markets demand and they would start working towards it with much greater fervour, she added. “So, I believe, along with the step the government took on Wednesday, they also need to now lay out the roadmap for the public sector banks in order to enable them to lay out their own plan and proceed accordingly,” she said.
Ms. Bhattacharya said smaller banks would find it extremely difficult to innovate and adopt latest technology, while remaining profitable at the same time.
Even in countries such as the U.S., she said, there were universal banks and community banks.
“May be with similar thoughts in mind, the RBI has just about brought in the new small bank licence,” Ms. Bhattacharya said.
She added that it would be better if “good banks (merge) with good banks and may be bad with bad so that they can come together and get some strength... mergers must be among...people who can see strength in each other rather than somebody rescuing a bad bank.”

How private are public banksUpdated: June 20, 2013 10:38 IST
How private are public banks?
C. P. Chandrasekhar
Private shareholding ratio in Public Sector Banks
TOPICS
banking
14 out of 26 public sector banks had private shareholding in the 40-49 per cent range by end-March 2012.
July 1, when the Reserve Bank of India entertains applications for the third round of private entry into banking, marks the beginning of one more phase in banking liberalisation in India. Central to that liberalisation was the reversal of the post-1969 policy in which banking was made a largely public preserve by the nationalisation of the major private banks. Till then, India’s major banks, other than the State Bank of India and its subsidiaries, were directly or indirectly controlled by big business, resulting in the capture of a dominant share of the nation’s savings by large firms to the exclusion of small borrowers and the agricultural sector. Seizing the ownership of these banks and bringing them into the public sector established social control. Some private banks remained, but they were small domestic ones or foreign players with restricted operations. In the two decades that followed, India’s banking sector, judged by behaviour or social performance indicators, went through a dramatic transformation.
The period since 1993 has, however, seen the slow reversal of that policy, not merely through the grant of greater space for foreign banks in India, but through the grant of licences to 12 private players after two calls for applications. But the current third round call for private entry is significant not merely because it carries the process forward but because it allows for entry by domestic corporates in the form of entities and groups in the private sector that are “owned and controlled by residents”. This has, as is to be expected, triggered speculation on the future of Indian banking.
However, while change at the margin in terms of new private entrants has made a difference, the essential character of the Indian banking sector seems largely influenced by the legacy that nationalisation left.
Public vs. Private
Though some lament the fact that public ownership stalls innovation and adversely affects customer service, India’s record relative to countries that were badly affected by tendencies that precipitated the 2008 financial crisis showed that public ownership has many other benefits. Public ownership subordinates the profit principle to other development goals, influences the behaviour of bank managers trained as public servants not to succumb to the lure of quick profit, and sets up strong forces within public banking that resist a return to corporate dominance. The result is a more stable and inclusive banking sector. Creeping privatisation through new entry can alter the façade, many argue, but the foundations remain those put in place by nationalisation.
The difficulty with this argument is that it ignores a development that has received far less attention than it deserves, which is the dilution of public ownership in the nationalised and state-owned banking sector. Besides private entry, an important component of the transformation of banking engineered by liberalisation was a restructuring of public sector bank ownership. Reasons given to justify that move were varied. One argument was that private equity ownership would introduce new monitors into the system, and the signals sent by share prices influenced by shareholder preferences would help improve corporate governance in banking. Another was that dilution of a part of equity, subject to public ownership remaining at 51 per cent or more, would help mobilise the resources needed to recapitalise banks and meet the conditions set by prudential rules such as those implicit in the capital adequacy ratios specified under Basel norms.
This meant that it was not just weak public sector banks that were made candidates for equity dilution. Early in the liberalisation era, in December 1993, the State Bank of India, with paid up capital of Rs. 200 crore chose to go in for a public issue of shares worth Rs. 274 crore at par, but sold at a premium of Rs. 90 per share. In the event after the issue the shareholding of the Reserve Bank of India and the Government of India (together) came down to 66.3 per cent, with the remaining 43.7 per cent being held by other entities. That was only the beginning. As the accompanying chart shows, out of 26 public sector banks (including the 19 nationalised banks, the State bank group and IDBI Bank), as many as half that number had no private shareholding even as late as 2002, and only 2 had private shareholding in the maximum possible 40-49 per cent range. But in the decade that followed dilution has been rapid, so much so that as many as 14 banks had private shareholding in the 40-49 per cent range by end-March 2012. Another 10 fell in the 20-40 per cent private shareholding range. Private holdings include foreign ownership of equity in 24 out of the 26, with the extent of such ownership varying from 0.1 per cent (State Bank of Mysore) to 17.4 per cent (Punjab National Bank) as at end-March 2012.
As a result, public banks increasingly accommodate the interests of their private shareholders. Even chiefs of the venerable State Bank of India have uncharacteristically protested against the RBI’s call for an end to risky “teaser loans” for housing, or against the central bank imposing (a much lowered) cash-reserve ratio on banks as a monetary policy instrument. Banks must be allowed to pursue profit at the expense of all else is the view they seem to hold.
This suggests that in terms of equity ownership and business behaviour, India’s public banking system is only a short step away from coming under private control, though that would require the revision of the principle mandating at least 51 per cent government ownership of equity in public sector banks. If such a change comes about it would have a far greater transformative effect on Indian banking than would the entry of new private banks at the margin. So while the response to and after effects of the third call for bank licences from the private sector is a matter for concern, the real danger may be the creeping trend towards denationalisation which would completely erode the many benefits that public banking delivered.

SpiceJet mess: Troubles galoreTroubles galore for SpiceJet, with lessons for IndiGo
Anjuli Bhargava | New Delhi Dec 12, 2014 12:42 AM IST
Things seem to be coming to a head for low-cost airline SpiceJet. The Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) has restricted its forward bookings to a month; this means the airline, which has been using advance money from future flights today, to fly the next day, cannot raise the amount it needs to keep flying.
The Airports Authority of India (AAI) has time and again threatened to put it on cash-and-carry; this would again mean it needs a daily cash flow. Pilots and staff are jittery and are said to be looking at FlyDubai, Etihad and Qatar to offer them jobs. There is clearly no knight in shining armour with a bagful of money; the airline’s claim that it has an investor willing to come on board — rumours have been doing the rounds for almost a year now — has so far proved incorrect.
Industry sources estimate promoter Kalanithi Maran would need to invest or bring an investment of at least Rs 1,500 crore almost immediately to stabilise the airline. Close to 6,000 employees can see their future bleak— and it does not look good. Sources say 18 of the airline’s 22 Boeings and 13 of its 15 Q400s are flying at present.
SpiceJet’s predicament has come at the time when Jet Airways has changed its strategy and seems less focused on the domestic market. GoAir remains a relatively small player in the sector (with only 19 aircraft, though it was launched a year before IndiGo, which now has around 100 planes). And, Air India needs to put its act together. In order words, IndiGo, already ruling the Indian skies, appears poised to monopolise the market, with no counterbalance.
Even if there are potentially serious rivals waiting in the wings — Vistara, for one — IndiGo has almost a 100-aircraft lead, and it will take a substantial amount of time for anyone to catch up. Already, IndiGo has been in a position to charge higher fares than rivals, as it becomes apparent that fliers have few options. It is IndiGo that offers the most frequent flights from most cities; and with SpiceJet tottering the way it is at present, the former might soon remain the only option. Passengers are now arguing they would rather pay a small premium for IndiGo and ensure they reached their destination, rather than taking the risk of having their flights cancelled (SpiceJet’s flight cancellations have become quite frequent of late).
Amid this virtual monopoly, the onus is now on IndiGo to ensure fares remain reasonable and complacency does not creep into its operations, as employees realise they are providing, arguably, the only option.
Airlines that attain a certain size usually find managing their staff harder. In the case of IndiGo, there have been instances — though few and far in between — of passengers complaining about a dilution in its customer-oriented approach. In general, passengers seem clear IndiGo is their preferred choice today, and the service offered is efficient and reliable, even if somewhat impersonal.
IndiGo President Aditya Ghosh says the absolute number of complaints the airline receives could be higher than others, as it carries the largest numbers of passengers. By ratio, Ghosh claims, IndiGo has the smallest number of complaints — on lost baggage, cancellations or passenger grievances.
An industry veteran and a former IndiGo employee, who does not wish to be named, says the airline’s handling of pilots — he calls it IndiGo’s Achilles’ heel — has always been surprisingly poor, and managing scale becomes a challenge, especially when most airlines do it well till they attain a certain size.
He also argues, when an airline grows and achieves success, it often gets caught in peripheral issues — profits, ancillary revenues, awards, trying to be the best place to work and so on — and loses sight of its core, the passenger. He warns IndiGo, like several others in the past globally, could fall prey to this if it does not watch out.
If IndiGo’s dominance proves to be a negative for the flying public and the sector in general, foreign leasing companies, already wary of Indian companies after the Kingfisher Airlines fiasco, are likely to further tighten the terms for Indian carriers. Leasing conditions and rates are likely to go up sharply, since such issues are now becoming a pattern with Indian carriers. According to Saj Ahmad, chief analyst at UK-headquartered StrategicAeroResearch.com, “if SpiceJet does not survive, leasing firms will be very hesitant about doing business with other Indian carriers. Whether people admit or not, Indian airlines and the wider Indian aviation market is wholly toxic. So, foreign direct investment is virtually dead; this is also why Kingfisher failed”.

SP wants Adityanath under housearrestWritten by Mohd Faisal Fareed | Lucknow |
Posted: December 12, 2014 2:20 am | Updated: December 12, 2014 2:34 am
EVEN as a controversy is raging over the alleged “reconversion” of Muslims in Agra by Bajrang Dal, the ruling Samajwadi Party in Uttar Pradesh filed a complaint with Gorakhpur range DIG Sanjeev Gupta to keep local BJP MP Yogi Adityanath under house arrest so that he cannot proceed ahead with another such programme at Aligarh on December 25.
SP has also announced to hold a Muslim Sammelan in Gorakhpur on December 19 to mark the death anniversary of freedom fighter Shaheed Ashfaqullah Khan.
As Parliament witnessed an uproar over the reconversion in Agra, Adityanath, who is also Peethadheeshwar of Gorakhshnath Temple, Wednesday announced the second such event on Christmas day in Aligarh. “It is ‘ghar wapsi’ (homecoming). My programme will happen in Aligarh,” TV channels had quoted him as saying.
“We will now directly tackle the menace of Adityanath in the eastern region. He is spitting venom against the Muslims and has even termed state government as “anti-Hindu”. We have given an application to DIG Gorakhpur for keeping him under house arrest till December 25, so that he is not able to foment trouble,” Kali Shanker Yadav, spokesperson, SP’s Gorakhpur unit told The Indian Express.
He said the ruling party wants people to be aware about “Adityanath’s double standards”. “He remained silent for a while since he was expecting ministerial berth in the Narendra Modi government. Now, once again he has resorted to such tactics through his pocket outfit — Hindu Yuva Vahini,” Kali Shanker said. “These Muslims are not foreigners, so where is the question of ‘ghar wapsi’. We want to remove the fear amongst the Muslims, which has been instilled by Adityanath in the Poorvanchal,” the SP leader added.

Aadhaar-based cash transfers: Madras HC notice stokes fear of judicial backlashAadhaar-based cash transfers: Madras HC notice stokes fear of judicial backlash
Sudheer Pal Singh | New Delhi Dec 12, 2014 12:45 AM IST
The fear of a judicial backlash against the government’s attempt to revive the Aadhaar-linked direct benefits transfer of LPG (DBTL) subsidy returned on Wednesday, with a division Bench of the Madras High Court issuing notices to the cabinet secretary, petroleum secretary and the Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC) chairman in this regard.
A public interest suit was filed in the Madurai bench of the court, challenging the central government’s move to link Aadhaar and bank account details with domestic gas cylinder connections, as part of the DBT scheme. The petitioner, Sivakasi-based advocate S M Anantha Murugan, called for restraining the scheme as the Supreme Court had earlier restrained oil companies from demanding Aadhaar card numbers for liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) cylinders.
Business Standard had on October 28 reported that Solicitor-General Ranjit Kumar had advised against resuming cash transfers in cooking gas without taking the Supreme Court’s approval. The government should first place the report of a committee appointed to study the scheme before the court and seek a modification in its ruling, he had advised. A senior petroleum ministry official had recently said the ministry would approach the court if the need arose. An earlier version of the scheme was rolled out by the previous government in June last year which had to be stopped after the Supreme Court observed Aadhaar numbers could not be made mandatory for availing of benefits from the government. The scheme had already been rolled out in 292 districts by then and the government had transacted via Aadhaar about Rs 5,000 crore to beneficiaries.
A modified version of the DBT scheme was launched by the new government in 54 districts across 11 states, covering 23.3 million households, on November 15, to reduce diversion of subsidised domestic cooking gas. The new scheme does not make an Aadhaar number mandatory. Currently, the Aadhaar generation level in the 54 chosen districts stands at 95 per cent. Under the new scheme, consumers without Aadhaar numbers can receive cash directly in their bank accounts. However, they may have to shift to an Aadhaar-based cash transfer system when they get their Aadhaar numbers. Also, consumers not cash transfer-compliant (CTC) get a three-month grace period, during which they receive the cylinders at a subsidised rate.
To ensure LPG consumers have extra cash to pay for the first LPG cylinder at market price, a permanent advance is to be paid to them as soon as they make their first cylinder booking after joining the scheme.

IRS Funding Cuts Likely Mean More Tax-Credit Errorsreddit
Even as the Treasury Department's Inspector General noted a significant overpayment rate in the refundable part of the Child Tax Credit (CTC) this week, lawmakers chose -- in the pending 2015 government funding agreement -- to weaken the IRS's ability to reduce errors in this credit and other parts of the tax code by once again cutting IRS funding to enforce and ensure compliance with the tax rules.  And, while lawmakers such as Senator Orrin Hatch (R-UT), the Senate Finance Committee's top Republican, assailed the IRS for failing to address the errors, the Treasury and IRS have recommended a series of measures to Congress to reduce errors in the tax credits and other parts of the tax code -- and Congress has failed to act on them (except for one very small measure included in the 2015 funding agreement).
Errors in the CTC and the Earned Income Tax Credit (EITC) -- another working-family tax credit -- need to be reduced (as do errors related to small businesses and various other groups of tax filers).  But the debate around this issue often is misleading and ignores three significant points:
1. Most overpayments result from unintentional errors, not fraud. IRS studies indicate that the majority of EITC errors stem from the interaction between the credit's complex rules and complicated family and child-rearing arrangements, not fraud.  The EITC has very strict rules over who can claim a child, for example, which often trip up separated or divorced couples or three-generation families.  The CTC eligibility rules are similar.
Moreover, overclaims in these tax credits account for a small share of the tax compliance gap.  Underreporting of business income alone accounted for $122 billion of the $450 billion tax gap in 2006, the latest year for which such data are available.
2. IRS funding cuts have weakened tax enforcement . The IRS's budget has taken repeated hits in recent years and will shrink further under the fiscal year 2015 budget agreement, falling to its lowest inflation-adjusted level since 2000.  Funding for IRS enforcement has been hit particularly hard; its 2015 funding level under the agreement is 20 percent below the 2010 level, adjusted for inflation. Yet the number of tax returns filed has grown significantly over the same period, and the IRS received substantial new responsibilities related to the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act and the Affordable Care Act.
Because of these cuts, the IRS lacks the resources to pursue a substantial share of the questionable EITC and CTC claims that it identifies or to improve enforcement of other parts of the tax code.  For example, the IRS can use data matching and other techniques to identify questionable claims on tax returns related to the tax credits, but it cannot pursue many of those claims further because it lacks the staff resources to do so.  Due to budget cuts, the number of IRS staff devoted to enforcement has dropped by 15 percent since 2010.
3. Congress has failed to act on proposals designed to lower error rates. The year-end funding bill requires people who prepare their own returns to answer due diligence questions when claiming refundable tax credits, a useful but small measure.  But Congress has ignored an array of other, more significant proposals from the Treasury and the IRS (most of which are in the President's fiscal year 2015 budget) to reduce errors in these credits.  These include:
Giving the IRS the statutory authority to require paid tax preparers to demonstrate basic competence in the rules governing these credits and other basic tax matters. The Treasury has found very high EITC error rates among returns filed by certain types of paid preparers (e.g., those who aren't lawyers, CPAs, enrolled agents, or affiliated with a national tax preparation firm).  These preparers do not need to get any training whatsoever or demonstrate basic competence in the tax rules, a factor that contributes to tax-credit errors.
Requiring employers and other third parties to send the IRS information such as W-2's and 1099's earlier in the year to help it detect erroneous or fraudulent claims before it pays them.
Requiring paid return preparers to follow due diligence requirements in determining eligibility for the CTC, as they already must do for the EITC.
Senator Hatch said this week that "[t]he IRS's inability to properly administer these refundable tax credits fails American taxpayers."  In reality, it's Congress that has failed American taxpayers by not giving the IRS what it needs to enforce the tax code.
Related Posts:

Benign economy may lead to some volatility in mid-2015: Leo PuriBenign economy may lead to some volatility in mid-2015: Leo Puri
Puneet Wadhwa | New Delhi Dec 11, 2014 10:48 PM IST
Calendar 2014 has been one of the best years for the Indian equity market, which has gained not only on foreign flows but on hope that the new government at the Centre will resolve ‘policy paralysis’, which in turn will help revive the economy. UTI Asset Management Company Managing Director Leo Puri tells Puneet Wadhwa we are still getting the benefit of the doubt, as the government is still young. This phase can go on till February or March. At a global level, the risk of the benign economic environment, which India has benefited from, seeing some volatility in mid-2015 remains reasonably high, he says. Edited excerpts:
How long do you see liquidity injection supporting markets, and are the markets factoring in a rate hike by the US Federal Reserve in 2015?
Currently, we have only one engine supporting the global economy: The US. Europe, Japan and even China have all been hit by problems; their respective economies have been slowing . The revival one had hoped for in Europe has clearly been postponed. Japan is still in uncertainty. There is always a big risk when you have only one engine of growth powering the system.
The risk of the benign economic environment we have benefited from seeing some volatility in mid-2015, when some reversal of liquidity is likely, remains reasonably high. I don’t think the US will raise rates in a way overly disruptive but the rest of the world could still be at a relatively weak position at that point.
We have seen in the past that the US ultimately acts in a manner that suits its own policies at a given point in time. I am not clear how much attention they will pay to the woes of the rest of the world. So, we have to pretty much look after ourselves. I am glad the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has adopted exactly that view and not grown complacent only because we have a benign environment today. If it were to turn stormy, be assured we will have nowhere to turn to. No one will run policies to favour us. Thus, we must ensure our economic fundamentals remain robust. RBI is trying its best to ensure this.
Do you think slowing growth in China, the euro zone and Japan can disrupt the rally in global equities? What is the probability you attach to this over the next six to 12 months?
There is a realistic probability that one will see volatility in early or mid-2015 and that is a function of the risks mentioned. This is compounded by commodity price fluctuation, which seems good for India in the first instance, as the movements are sharp, while they also add to the geopolitical risk in the system. We have to be a little careful that we don’t get too complacent on that front, either.
What is less evident at this point is the extent to which it will affect India. Whether it can derail us from the very sweet spot we are in, supported by a benign macroeconomic environment, is uncertain. If we get our investment cycle moving and demonstrate the capacity to absorb investment and provide a good return, we have a chance to be a relative safe harbour if that disruption happens. So, the urgency of getting our house in order is greater. It will not take a lot for the rupee to, otherwise, again come under pressure.
We are seeing that the South African rand and the Turkish lira are under pressure — and both these countries are oil-consuming ones. It is not only the producing nations like Russia whose currencies have been beaten down. This contagion could be vicious if we are not able to continuously differentiate ourselves.
Today, we are still being given the benefit of the doubt, as the government is still young. This phase can go on till February or March. I am not sure if we can ride it indefinitely.
Do you think the Indian market can replicate in the next calendar year the gains it saw in 2014?
It is a function of how key macro variables play out. I think the underlying growth potential of the economy is seven-eight per cent if we play all our cards right. If that happens, we still have room for earnings expansion, supported by an investment cycle kicking in.
But today, you have only single-digit credit growth and expectations that have moved ahead of an upturn in the economy. If there indeed is evidence of a pick-up in investment by March-April, the rest of the year will be positive. However, it will not be smooth sailing. There will be either an acceleration on the basis that we have been able to differentiate ourselves successfully or the risk of not meeting expectations. So, we will see binary outcomes. At this time, the betting is still on possibly gaining momentum. But there are definitely risks to the downside which will be evident around March if we don’t make reasonable progress.
What are the evident risks?
At this point, there are three types of indicators. In terms of financial indicators, clearly the beginning of the investment cycle is key and that has to be in evidence in terms of capital raising, etc.
The second indicator which is linked to this is the ability to resolve the problem of stranded capital in the system. That is, the stranded/stalled projects. This will, in turn, reflect on banks’ balance sheets and the need for recapitalisation. We haven’t heard much on bank recapitalisation recently. That could be because of a fall in credit growth. We hope the credit growth will rise and that is how we will support the investment cycle. Banks need to recapitalise in time to support this. The willingness to undertake overdue reforms are the third indicator – whether it is the GST (goods and services tax) or resolution of battles in coal and spectrum allocations, which will provide evidence whether we are committed to good and predictable governance. I am optimistic we will see evidence of this but, if we don’t, there are risks to the downside.
Are you looking to participate in the government’s disinvestment programme? What is the war chest that UTI MF has built for this? Are you targeting any specific issues/companies?
We don’t participate in programmes but are interested in stocks and companies on offer. In case there are issuances that we find interesting and feel those could generate good returns for investors, we will buy those. We don’t have specific plans for participating or not participating. It entirely depends on the companies available and the growth prospects of those companies.
We do have a broad list of companies, including ONGC and Coal India, where the government plans to sell stake? Does anything interest you?
We will evaluate those. We do hold some of those companies already. It is a function of where the portfolio balance is for a specific fund and the fund managers’ view on whether or not to alter the weight. But at this point, one has to be cautious in general on some of the names in the broad list.
The finance minister has promised a big-bang Budget in 2015. What are your overall expectations and those from the mutual fund industry standpoint?
There is always a debate as to how much one relies on the Budget to indicate reforms. But the fact is that it is now becoming an annual ritual in India where we expect to see some linkage between government reforms and the Budget. There are market expectations and the FM will have to respond to those. In the interim Budget, there were placeholders put down.
Completion of the commitment to rolling out GST is clearly something I would highlight as very critical for the credibility of the government. Announcements around liberalisation of FDI (foreign direct investment) need not be linked to the Budget. To the extent that this process is also taken to a logical conclusion, it will be a positive. I do not expect anything significant in terms of taxation. But given that the fiscal deficit continues to need attention, there could be some renewed focus on disinvestment.
Disinvestment, according to me, is less about selling shares; what I would really like to see is a strategic statement on when and how the government is going to detach itself from being engaged in a number of sectors where there is no purpose being served by government ownership. And I think that will be a genuine reform and not just a capital-raising exercise. This is something being hinted at and they have had some time to frame policies.
Whenever the government undertakes this exercise, there can be some controversy around it. But the whole purpose of having a strong government is that it can take strong measures. I would certainly like to see how we move on that front.
Don’t you think it’s about time we addressed concerns in the banking sector, since it is a proxy to the economy?
There have been a number of recommendations for the banking sector and how critical it is to redefine governance norms. I would be delighted if there were positive moves to actually reform governance in the banking sector and review the ownership structure.
Redemption of units from equity mutual fund schemes saw a sharp rise in November. Is this an aberration or are investors losing faith in the rally?
It is quite natural that some investors will cash out when there is a sharp rally. Whether it means losing faith or locking in gains is difficult to say. If the exit happens because the investor is mis-sold or misguided, that is a bad thing. Buying and holding forever is not the purpose of investing in a mutual fund. I agree we don’t want to churn people through mutual funds but it is actually a legitimate use of an instrument like a mutual fund to take a view on the markets, achieve a goal and exit.
What is the road ahead for the debt segment?
The current consensus is clear, that we do expect a review on rates in early or mid-2015, and that is already being priced in. A number of investors have started taking a view on duration bond funds to position themselves. I think that is a good move. RBI has been right to actually take a strong line on holding rates because toning down inflationary expectations is hugely important in providing a stable foundation for future growth.
If some of the risks materialise at the global level, the rate reduction may get postponed and the currency will be under pressure. But for now, I would say the most likely outcome is easing rates perhaps around March, so investors will benefit from having positioned themselves in a duration bond fund.
How has calendar 2014 panned out for UTI Mutual Fund and what is the strategy for 2015? Is UTI looking for acquisitions?
We have seen a good 2014 in terms of putting our strategy and direction in place and then beginning to execute against that backdrop. It has been helped by the very buoyant capital market and the strong political context in which we are. So overall, both in terms of our efforts at internal transformation and market support, it has been a very good year.
Our primary goal is to be a preeminent, independent asset manager. In that context, most of growth is likely to be organic because we do see the industry’s underlying growth going ahead to be 15-20% (though it could be in a higher range in some years and a lower range in some others). Given the industry structure, I would not be surprised if opportunities are available for acquisition, and we certainly would be very interested in pursuing those that make sense for us.
There were some talks about an initial public offering (IPO) demand from UTI MF. Can you update us on the latest development on that front?
There has been some discussion on that in the public domain. From our perspective, we think it will be very beneficial for the institution, because a listing will ensure we get strong corporate governance, and a strong board; these will help us. It would also give us currency, in case we needed capital for acquisition, besides strengthening our profile in general, with our investors as well as stakeholders. So, it has plenty of benefits for us. And, importantly, it will offer an exit to the shareholders who have supported us over the years; they will benefit from the price discovery the listing offers. The markets are good and we think an offering will be received well.

Protest in Rajya Sabha over eulogising GodseRajya Sabha
The government disapproved of any such event hailing Mahatma Gandhi’s killer but said no organisation should be defamed.
Outraged members of the Congress on Thursday protested in the Rajya Sabha against Lok Sabha BJP member Sakshi Maharaj for describing Mahatma Gandhi’s assassin Nathuram Godse as a “patriot and nationalist” leading to two adjournments during the Zero Hour.
Under attack in the House, the government said it disapproved of any attempt to eulogise Godse but added that no organisation should be defamed.
The MP from Unnao had said in a programme in Maharashtra that Godse was a patriot just like Mahatma Gandhi. But as demands for action against him grew he retracted his observation and said that he did not consider Godse a “patriot” but added that “if for some reason he committed a mistake, he was not a traitor.”
Raising the matter, Husain Dalwai (Congress) said he had written to Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis that Mahatma Gandhi’s killer was being eulogised in the State by hosting a “shaurya diwas” on his birthday. “These people talk of development but are trying to create a rift in the society,” he said raising the issue about conversions as well.
Even as he spoke, few Congress members held placards and walked towards the Well of the House. Deputy Chairman P.J. Kurien tried to bring order saying that it was for the courts to decide the culpability or otherwise for such utterances. Speaking for the government Minister of State for Parliamentary Affairs Muktar Abbas Naqvi said “we do not accept any honour of Mahatma Gandhi’s killers.”
However, members continued to agitate leading to adjournment of the House. When the House reassembled Anand Sharma (Congress) said it was “unacceptable that Mahatma Gandhi’s assassin should be eulogised” to which Parliamentary Affairs Minister M. Venkaiah Naidu said “there is no question of eulogising anyone responsible for the killing of Mahatma Gandhi.”

Guest post: Romania surprises on the upside but challenges remainSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

U.S. crude crashes below $60 as six-month rout pushes onU.S. crude crashes below $60 as six-month rout pushes on
Pre-market: Nifty seen opening flat; CPI  IIP data eyedconsumer price index
(Tracking the momentum,…)
NEW DELHI: The 50-share Nifty index is expected to open flat on Friday following muted trend seen in other Asian markets. Tracking the momentum, the index may open flat but should be able to reclaim its crucial psychological level of 8300 in trade today.
At 07:30 a.m., Nifty India stock futures in Singapore were trading 8.50 points higher at 8,338 indicating a flat-to-positive opening on the domestic market.
The government will issue Consumer Price Index (CPI)-based inflation for the month of November and Index of Industrial Production (IIP) data for the month of October later today.
An ET Now poll estimate shows that CPI for November will come at 4.3 per cent, compared to 5.59 per cent recorded in October and IIP is expected to contract to 2.3 per cent for October as compared to 2.5 per cent recorded in September.
Nifty slid lower for yet another session and concluded the day with a loss of 62 points at 8292. The Sensex lost 237 points to close at 27593 on Thursday.
Nifty is now down for almost six days in a row barring a minor bounce that was seen yesterday. It now trades very close to an important support of 8270 - 8280 range.
"The range assumes significance as a support as it the 38.20% Fibonacci retracement of the recent advance since 7723 till the high of 8626 as well as the 50 Day EMA," GEPL Capital said in a report.
"We expect a pause to the present decline near this important support range. A bounce back may be seen if the mentioned range is protected and Nifty may scale higher till 8400 - 8450 range in coming few sessions," added the report.
The month of December is generally seen as a month of muted fund flows and this sort of correction was expected, say experts. However, the broader trend still remains to be on the upside.
"Well that has generally been the trend at the end of the year and by the first week of December you see the international fund managers really starting to go away or take something off the table," says Nitin Raheja, Co-Founder, AQF Advisors.
"In the last two weeks when volumes are low, people are out on holidays, we start seeing some action happening in midcaps as the local brokerage houses get little more active in the absence of the big daddy," he adds.
However, we continue to believe that it is a bull market and we continue to gradually buy into stocks what we think look good as such and it is more a stock specific approach that we continue to follow, concludes Raheja.
Overnight, US stocks ended higher as upbeat retail sales figures and other U.S. data pointed to a strengthening economy and lifted optimism about consumer spending.
"Investors awaited Chinese retail sales data, to gauge the strength of the world's second-largest economy. Any signs of weakness are likely to raise expectations that Beijing will deliver further easing steps," Reuters reported.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 63.19 points, or 0.36 per cent, to 17,596.34, the S&P 500 gained 9.19 points, or 0.45 per cent, to 2,035.33 and the Nasdaq Composite added 24.14 points, or 0.52 per cent, to 4,708.16.
Asian shares were trading higher. Japan's Nikkei 225 index was trading 1.2 per cent higher at 17,466 and Hong Kong's Hang Seng index was trading 0.35 per cent higher at 23,399. China's Shanghai index was trading 0.8 per cent higher at 2,949.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Indian ADRs: Wipro ICICI Bank down  Tata Motors upIndian ADRs: Wipro ICICI Bank down  Tata Motors up
Sri Lanka air force plane crashes with 5 onb...Sri Lanka air force plane crashes with 5 onboard
AP Dec 12, 2014, 08.25AM IST
Tags:
Plane Crash
(Air force spokesman Gihan…)
SRI LANKA: A spokesman says a Sri Lankan air force plane has crashed with five crew members onboard outside the capital.
Air force spokesman Gihan Seneviratne says that the plane has crashed early Friday in Authrugiriya just outside capital Colombo due to fog.
There was no immediate word on the fate of the five crew members.
Seneviratne says the plane was flying between two airports near Colombo and the pilot had reported difficulty in locating his landing strip.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Space for change in Kashmir  but BJP may miss the chanceprint
The year 2014 has been the year of the lotus. The indefatigable Narendra Modi-Amit Shah combine has taken the BJP to a spectacular victory at the Centre, won Maharashtra and Haryana and seem poised to win Jharkhand too. It is only when you cross the Banihal pass and reach the banks of the Dal that the blossoming lotus seems to wilt a bit. The BJP may have pushed for ‘Mission 44’ in Jammu and Kashmir but this could well be one bridge too far, at least in this election in the Kashmir Valley.
And yet, the very fact that the BJP has actually fought the election in uncharted territory confirms the undiminished ambition of its leadership. The party has never won a seat in the Kashmir Valley; its best ever performance in a state election was in 2008, when it won 11 seats in the Jammu region, riding on the Amarnath land row; it has been typecast as a “Hindu” party of the Jammu-Udhampur belt. That the BJP should now even consider itself in the reckoning in the state mirrors Shah’s publicly stated dream of the saffron party coming to power from “Kashmir to Kanyakumari”.
Indeed, the BJP does have some credible candidates in the Valley, including as many as 32 local Muslims for the first time. The list includes dentists, bureaucrats and surrendered militants, while retired police officers have been roped in as strategists. The party has pumped in resources. BJP posters and radio advertisements compete for attention with the state parties, senior leaders like Ram Madhav have spent time on the campaign, party sympathisers like actor Anupam Kher have wooed voters and Prime Minister Narendra Modi has addressed an impressive rally in Srinagar. Why then does one come away from a visit to the Valley with the distinct impression that the BJP is still unlikely to make a breakthrough in Kashmir?
At one level, it’s because the BJP is fighting history. At another, the party is almost fighting itself. The BJP’s history in Kashmir, and that of its previous avatar of the Jan Sangh, has been premised around the belief that the Valley doesn’t deserve special status, that Article 370 promotes Kashmiri separatism and that Kashmiri identity must be subsumed into Indian nationhood. Kashmir fits uneasily into the larger sangh parivar nationalist project: A Muslim-dominated region that seeks a measure of autonomy, if not complete azadi, is unacceptable.
Interestingly, Modi was silent on Article 370 during his election rally in Srinagar. Yet, ahead of the general elections in a rousing speech in Jammu, he had called for a national debate on Article 370. By staying away from the contentious issue, the prime minister was being politically sagacious but, conversely, he could also be accused of opportunism. After all, one of his Union ministers, Jitender Singh, who was elected from Udhampur and who now heads the BJP’s election campaign committee for the state, has openly called for the revocation of special status for Kashmir. Silence in the Valley and shrillness in Jammu: The BJP has been caught between competing political realities.
Ironically, while the BJP remains ambivalent on its Kashmir agenda, on the ground there is genuine curiosity about Modi. When Atal Bihari Vajpayee spoke of “insaniyat” being the basis for any resolution to the Kashmir issue, the audience seemed to warm up to him: He had, after all, been seen as a statesman-prime minister who was ready to go the extra mile to reach out to Pakistan and the Kashmiri Muslim. Modi, by contrast, is still seen as the muscular Hindutva he-man, talking tough to Pakistan one day, but refusing to challenge the RSS’s more strident voices the next. When the prime minister commits himself to development in the Valley, there is a certain trust deficit that still haunts the Kashmiri Muslim mind: Will he really walk the talk or is he simply an artful spin doctor?
It isn’t as if young Kashmiris don’t want to break free of past prejudices. Sitting in Café Coffee Day in Srinagar and chatting with Kashmir’s generation next, I get a distinct sense of fatigue with two and a half decades of living in the shadow of the gun. Nasir, a talented young radio jockey, sums it up well, “Two generations have been lost because of the violence. I don’t want my child to grow up in an atmosphere of curfew and insecurity.”
Clearly, there is a mood for change in the winter air as seen in the high voter turnout. The Omar Abdullah government, despite the chief minister’s good intentions, faces voter anger after six years of indifferent rule; the Peoples Democratic Party is the obvious front-runner but doubts persist over the mercurial Mehbooba Mufti’s ability to translate effective agitational politics in the opposition into solid governance when in office; the Congress suffers from familiar charges of sloth and corruption while separatists have lost credibility by their refusal to shun the militants. There is space for a new political force, but the BJP, weighed down by its ideological baggage, doesn’t seem the answer.
Even the floods, which wrecked the Valley, must now be seen as an opportunity lost. The Centre’s package for flood relief has been measly: `75,000 for a completely broken home and `12,500 for one that is partially damaged are hardly the much-needed healing touch. Indeed, the decision to hand over the final package only to a new government is feeding into the perennial Kashmiri sense of victimhood and alienation. “What is more important to India: Holding an election, or rehabilitating us?” asks an elderly Kashmiri woman whose home was washed away and who is now spending the winter in a makeshift tin-shed.
While Modi did well to spend Diwali in the Valley, the truth is, empathy must go beyond symbolic gestures in this troubled corner of the country. The rest of India can be won by a promise of good governance; Kashmir needs genuine ‘insaniyat’.
Post-script: This week, the Jammu and Kashmir cricket team scored a remarkable win over 40-time champions Mumbai in the Ranji trophy. The team had players from Jammu and the Valley. Will the politicians take the cue?
(Rajdeep Sardesai is a senior journalist and author of 2014: The Election That Changed India. The views expressed by the author are personal)

 Wipro  OnMobile Global  Auro Pharma in Focus TodayYou are here: Home Cheat Sheet
Wipro, OnMobile Global, Auro Pharma in Focus Today
NDTV | Updated On: December 12, 2014 17:54 (IST)
Tweet
The Nifty opened lower on Friday as indicated by futures trade on Singapore Stock Exchange. Foreign investors turned net sellers of Indian equities with increased intensity as they have sold stocks worth Rs 808 crore on Thursday. However domestic investors were net buyers to the tune of Rs 432 crore.
Here are the stocks to track in trade today:
Wipro: Trustees of the Wipro Inc Benefit Trust have sold more than 18 lakh shares of the company at an average market price of Rs 552.43 per share. The share sale took place between December 9 to 11, 2014 and total value of share sale was more than Rs 100 crore.
CEAT announced plans to invest Rs 400 crore to build a plant in Butibori, Nagpore, which will be set up in three phases. First tyre from that plant will roll out by April 2016.
OnMobile Global: Board of the company has approved a share buy-back programme, under which the company will buy back its shares at a price not exceeding Rs 86 per share for an aggregate amount upto Rs 49 crore.
IL&FS Engineering and Construction Company: Its subsidiary Mytas Infra Saudi Arabia (MISA) has bagged an order worth Rs 464 crore from Saudi Binladin Group for construction of a project in Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.
Aurobindo Pharma: Its board has approved a fund raising plan of $350 million dollar through issuance of equity shares through a Qualified Institutions Placement ("QIP") to qualified institutional buyers.
Tata Chemicals: As per reports the company is expected to invest around Rs 150 crore into setting up a nutraceuticals manufacturing facility in Sriperumbudur, near Chennai in next three years.
Kolte - Patil Developers has raised Rs 40 crore through issuance of secured redeemable taxable non-convertible debentures of 12.5 per cent coupon.
 

 Nikkei Gains on Weak Yen  Strong US DataYou are here: Home Market
Nikkei Gains on Weak Yen, Strong US Data
Reuters | Updated On: December 12, 2014 07:34 (IST)
L&T, Bhel Gain After Robust HSBC PMI Manufacturing Data
Tokyo: The dollar rose on Friday after upbeat US data suggested weaker oil prices are providing additional momentum for the American economy, which also underpinned Asian shares.
US crude futures continued to drop after falling below the key psychological support level of $60 a barrel for the first time in five years, and stood at $59.15 in Asia, down more than 1 per cent on the day.
Global crude prices have plunged in recent weeks on massive oversupply, raising fears that deflation could hit economies around the world. But data on Thursday showed that cheaper gasoline prices apparently helped US consumer spending mark broad rises last month, and jobless claims also fell.
Wall Street ended higher on Thursday, but Asian investors have mostly focused on the downside of lower energy costs, which dragged down equities here this week.
"The relentless decline in oil prices continues to unsettle risky asset markets. Oil prices have fallen to levels last reached in mid-2009, as OPEC cut its demand forecast to a 12-year low despite lower prices, and US crude inventories rose," Barclays strategists said in a note.
"Falling oil prices have provided little relief to Asian equities, most of which were down yesterday," they added.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was flat in early trade, though on track for a loss of over 2 per cent for the week.
Japan's Nikkei stock average was up 0.4 per cent in early trade, as a weaker yen helped exporter shares, but was poised to book a loss of more than 3 per cent for the week.
The US data helped the dollar wrest itself off a two-week low of 117.44 yen, and was last up 0.3 per cent on the day at 119.04 yen.
The euro slipped about 0.1 per cent to $1.2393, after top-rated euro zone bond yields inched lower on Thursday following a tepid response by banks to the European Central Bank's second round of long-term loans.
Investors awaited Chinese retail sales data, to gauge the strength of the world's second-largest economy. Any signs of weakness are likely to raise expectations that Beijing will deliver further easing steps.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Uber suspends service in New DelhiUber suspends service in New Delhi
Uber rape: Police to file charge sheet in record timeIf Mamata Banerjee arrested, Bengal will be on fire: Trinamool Congress MP Idris Ali
Delhi Police is aiming to file a charge sheet in a record two week’s time in the Uber rape case, lesser than the 17 days it took to file one in the December 16, 2012 gangrape case.
“This case is not as complicated as the one which took place in 2012. Here we have just one accused and most of the case property has already been seized and sent for forensic examination. This includes Yadav’s phones, his clothes and other things. The car has already been examined thoroughly by a CFSL team,” said a senior police official associated with the probe.
Shiv Kumar Yadav, the Uber cab driver, had allegedly raped the woman, who works in a finance company in Gurgaon, on Friday night when she was headed back home in north Delhi’s Inderlok area.
We are aiming to file a charge sheet in two week’s time, the police official said.
Official sources also said that the family of the victim has offered them Rs 1 lakh as an acknowledgement of their efforts in solving the case but police refused to accept any award as it was part of their duty.
Meanwhile, Yadav has been termed as one with a pervert mind and a hardened criminal.
“He got into bad company as early as 14 years of age and had even started consuming alcohol and cannabis. He had even had sex at that age which he termed as consensual. We already know that he has been named in three cases of rape and one of molestation and there are high chances that he might have victimised other women as well,” the official said.
Police has learnt that Yadav was on the right track until 1998 when his elder brother, who used to keep him in check, expired. After that, Yadav strayed.
“He is pervert-minded and a hardened criminal. He used to ply in areas in Gurgaon and south Delhi in the night and looked for alone and vulnerable woman. He used to get ‘benefits’ from women in lieu of dropping them home at night as many of them did not had enough money.
He believed in all these cases, that all such encounters were consensual,” he said.
Post Comments
More from miscellaneous

Markets may open higher; CPI  IIP data in focusMarkets may open higher; CPI, IIP data in focus
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 12, 2014 08:27 AM IST
Markets are likely to open higher tracking gains in their Asian peers and overnight gains on Wall Street. However, some volatility may be expected in today's session on caution ahead of the release of consumer inflation and industrial production data due later today.
 
At 8:25AM, the early indicator SGX Nifty was up 10 points at 8,339.
 
On the economic front, progress on the Centre's proposed goods and services tax (GST) slowed further on Thursday as the states turned down the government's revised draft on a Constitution amendment Bill in this regard.
 
Meanwhile, foreign institutional investors were net sellers in Indian equities worth Rs 808.27 crore on Thursday, as per provisional stock exchange data
 
Japanese markets have gained on fall in yen and rebound in US markets. Nikkei has gained more than 1%. Chinese stocks have gained ahead of the release of retail sales data as any weakness in the figures is likely to bring about a stimulus dose by Chinese authorities. Hang Seng and Shanghai Composite indices have gained 0.5% and 0.9% each.
 
Overnight, US markets closed higher after three consecutive sessions of ending lower. Positive retail sales data boosted sentiments. Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 0.3% while S&P 500 and Nasdaq Composite indices closed with gains of 0.4% and 0.5% each.
 
Stocks to watch
 
Stocks of Public Sector Banks will be in focus on media reports that these banks will soon approach the stock market to raise capital to meet stringent Basel III norms.
 
TCS is in focus on news reports that the information-technology services player is undergoing a restructuring exercise. The workforce optimisation programme, in the planning stage, is expected to be over in February 2015, according to media reports.
 
Indian mining company NMDC will be in focus as the company has signed a memorandum of understanding with Akron to buy a stake in a potash mine in Russia, according to media reports.
 
IDFC is in focus after announcing that it has signed a memorandum of understanding with Russian Direct Investment Fund (RDIF) to jointly invest up to $1 billion in infrastructure projects.
 
Jindal Steel and Power Ltd (JSPL) in focus as it has commissioned its billet caster plant at its 2.5 million tonne per annum (MTPA) integrated steel making complex at Angul, in addition to its existing steel plate unit.
 
Tata Chemicals, part of $100 billion plus Tata Group, is in focus as the company is expected to invest around Rs 150 crore into setting up a nutraceuticals manufacturing facility in Sriperumbudur, near Chennai in next three years.
 

Trillion dollar IT trade deal on a knife-edge at the WTOTrillion dollar IT trade deal on a knife-edge at the WTO
Reuters | Geneva Dec 12, 2014 06:06 AM IST
A trillion dollar deal at the World Trade Organisation to reduce tariffs in the vast information technology sector will stand or fall in the next 24 hours, trade diplomats said on Thursday.
But late on Thursday one trade official involved with the talks said a deal would be very unlikely because of a stand-off between South Korea and China, which was refusing all attempts to broker a compromise.
Countries representing 97% of global IT commerce are trying to agree on expanding the WTO's Information Technology Agreement, which would be the first global agreement on tariff cuts in more than a decade.
The accord would reduce tariffs on such products as medical equipment, GPS devices, video games consoles and next-generation semiconductors, cutting more than 200 tariff lines to zero.
"We have in front of us the most far reaching market access package made in the WTO since 1996, worth more than 1 trillion euros of world trade," European Union Ambassador Angelos Pangratis, chair of the talks, said on Thursday.
"However, while the finalisation of the negotiations appears certainly within reach, there is still some distance, small compared with the long way we have already gone, which needs to be bridged," he told envoys in the WTO's General Council.
Some delegations needed to consult their ministries, but the deal needed to be done on Friday or not at all, Pangratis said. "Later it will not be easier, rather the contrary. Now is the moment."
Countries negotiating the package have set themselves a goal of reaching an accord by a meeting of the WTO's General Council this week. Although the deadline is an artificial one, the vast majority of states are happy with the deal on the table, and further delay raises the risk that it might unravel.
The talks got a boost last month after a US-Chinese compromise removed a long-standing block to progress - a Chinese demand for a large number of exemptions.
China was now sticking rigidly to the letter of that bilateral deal with the United States and refusing to adapt it in ways that would assuage the concerns of other WTO members, said the trade official involved in the talks, who requested anonymity.
China had refused compromise options put forward by the South Korean delegation and WTO Director General Roberto Azevedo and had not made any suggestions of its own, the same official said.
Chinese officials in Geneva were not immediately available to comment.

US House passes spending billAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Indian rupee opens lower at 62.44 per dollarDec 12, 2014, 09.04 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Indian rupee opens lower at 62.44 per dollar
Any upper movement in the dollar will keep rupee under pressure. Expect the rupee to trade in a range of 62-62.70/dollar, says Pramit Brahmbhatt of Veracity.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Indian rupee opens lower at 62.44 per dollar
Any upper movement in the dollar will keep rupee under pressure. Expect the rupee to trade in a range of 62-62.70/dollar, says Pramit Brahmbhatt of Veracity.
Post your opinion here
 
The Indian rupee opened lower by 11 paise at 62.44 per dollar on Friday against 62.33 Thursday.
The dollar was firmer against most of its major peers thanks to upbeat US retail sales data, while nervousness over falling oil prices kept the Canadian dollar pinned near a five-year low.
Also Read - Market correction causing rupee fall
Pramit Brahmbhatt of Veracity said, "We expect the local equity market to trade sideways and take cues from global markets for further direction. Any upper movement in the dollar will keep rupee under pressure. Expect the rupee to trade in a range of 62-62.70/dollar."
According to Karvy currency report, Asian currencies are trading on a negative note with respect to the dollar. US dollar has gained considerably in last night's session after the positive economic data. Japanese Yen depreciated for the first time in four trading sessions. Euro is trading at 1.2399 after depreciating against the dollar. One month Rupee NDF is trading at 62.80 with a change of 10 paisa from yesterday's close indicating a negative opening for the Indian rupee.
We expect the USDINR pair to open on a negative note and trading to be biased towards depreciation.
RELATED NEWS

Markets to open in green: Ventura SecuritiesLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Markets to open in green: Ventura Securities
According to Ventura Securities, markets to open in green as global indices have bounced back after a sharp decline in the past couple of days.
Post your opinion here
 
Ventura Securities' Fundamental Report:
Sensex, on Thursday, lost 229 points and closed at 27,602 as the slump in crude oil prices added to global economic growth concerns. Among sectors, Oil & Gas, Realty, IT, Teck and Power declined the most.
Among stocks, ONGC, Tata Steel, Bharti Airtel and Reliance ended on a weak note. Market breadth was negative with 1,773 declines against 1,122 advances.
Nifty fell 63 points and closed at 8,293. Today we expect the markets to open in green as global indices have bounced back after a sharp decline in the past couple of days.
US markets ended the day on positive note. Dow Jones and Nasdaq closed up 0.36 percent and 0.51 percent, respectively on upbeat retail sales data and optimism on consumer spending. The gains, however, were pared as oil prices fell below USD 60 a barrel. US markets, today, will see data releases on PPI m/m, Core PPI m/m, Prelim UoM Consumer Sentiment and Prelim UoM Inflation Expectations.
Asian markets are trading on positive note with Nikkei up 1.26 percent and Hang Seng up 0.56 percent ahead of China's release of November industrial-output and retail sales data.
Indian ADRs ended the day on mixed note. Among financial ADRs, ICICI Bank closed 0.17 percent down, while HDFC Bank closed flat. Among IT ADRs, Wipro closed 1 percent down and Infosys gained 0.8 percent. Tata Motors closed 0.37 percent up.
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
RELATED NEWS

Market to open on positive note: Angel BrokingLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Market to open on positive note: Angel Broking
According to a report by Angel Broking, Indian markets are expected to open on a positive note tracking the SGX Nifty and Asian markets.
Post your opinion here
 
Angel Broking's technical report:
The trend deciding level for the day is 27,646 / 8,305 levels. If Nifty trades above this level during the first half-an-hour of trade then we may witness a further rally up to 27,752-27,903 / 8,337-8,380 levels. However, if Nifty trades below 27,646 / 8,305 levels for the first half-an-hour of trade then it may correct towards 27,496-27,389 / 8,261-8,229 levels.
Indian markets are expected to open on a positive note tracking the SGX Nifty and Asian markets.
US markets closed higher due to the release of a Commerce Department report showing a bigger than expected increase in November US retail sales.
European markets were mixed on Thursday, with German shares trimming recent losses after its index of consumer prices increased in November.
Indian markets fell sharply, with oil explorers pacing the declines after Brent crude prices fell below USD 65 a barrel on renewed signs of slack demand for crude.
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

PG&E Responds To Largest Storm In YearsPG&E Responds To Largest Storm In Years
BUY or SELL ideas from experts for Friday  12 December 2014BUY or SELL ideas from experts for Friday  12 December 2014
Yogi Adityanath wants  Hindustan  to replace  India  in the ConstitutionYogi Adityanath wants 'Hindustan' to replace 'India' in the Constitution
Archis Mohan | New Delhi Dec 12, 2014 08:49 AM IST
Yogi Adityanath, the controversial Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader, has proposed that Article 1 of the Constitution of India be amended. The Bill that Adityanath wants Lok Sabha to debate aims to replace the word ‘India’ with ‘Hindustan’. Article 1 of the Constitution states: “India, that is Bharat, shall be a Union of States.” The Bill moved by Adityanath argues that Article 1 should instead read “Bharat, that is Hindustan…”
“The world “India” denotes the symbol of slavery and thus deserves to be omitted from our Constitution,” states the Bill. The last two and a half hours of Friday afternoons are reserved in the two Houses for discussion on private members’ bills.
 
The Bill had been listed in the day’s business on November 28 and circulated among rest of the 542 Lok Sabha MPs. But Adityanath wasn’t present in the House that day to introduce the Bill. 
This led to conjectures within the party that the MP from Gorakhpur has been asked not to rake up a potentially controversial issues within months after his advocacy of countering the phenomenon of ‘love jihad’.
The Bill, however, is listed for introduction for today afternoon. It remains to be seen whether Adityanath will be present in the House to introduce the Bill. The Bill is somewhat of a pet subject with the 43-year-old MP. He had introduced the Bill in the previous Lok Sabha on March 5, 2010 but it could never come up for debate.
The issue, however, isn’t new. The Constituent Assembly had also debated the possible name of the newly independent country. Names suggested during the Constituent Assembly debates in 1946 had ranged from Bharat, Hindustan, Hind, Bharatbhumi, Bharatvarsh and Aryavrat.
Historians think ‘India’ and ‘Hindu’ have originated from ‘Sindhu, the river that now flows in Pakistan. The Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) believes that all inhabitants of the geographical entity of Bharat or India are Hindus as Hindutva is a way of life and Hindus could be of any religion worshipping any God. Therefore, the land should also be called ‘Hindustan’.
 
On Thursday, Parliamentary Affairs Minister M Venkaiah Naidu, while replying to the debate on recent reports of religious conversions in Uttar Pradesh, said that “some people have the problem of having allergy to the word Hindu”. Naidu said for the BJP, ‘Hindustan’ meant “all people irrespective of caste, creed, sex or religion.” He said all, whether Christians or Hindus or Muslims, who live in Hindustan or India, have the same way of life while their forms of worship may be different.
 
According to a study by PRS Legislative Research, Parliament has passed 14 private members’ Bills till date. However, no private members’ Bill has been passed by Parliament since 1970. Of the 300 odd such Bills introduced in the previous Lok Sabha, only four per cent were discussed and the rest lapsed without even a single debate.
All MPs who are not ministers are considered private members. MPs need to a give a month’s notice for introduction of the Bill, those that aim to amend the Constitution are vetted by a committee.
Generally, the motion for introduction of the Bill is not opposed but there have been instances to the contrary as well when a majority of the House has opposed the introduction. Private members’ bills and private members’ resolutions are taken up on alternate Fridays.
The Committee on Private Members’ Bills and Resolutions decides the relative priority of the Bills after a ballot. Adityanath’s Bill is listed at number three in today’s business. This order, however, is not carried forward if the Bill is not introduced. Although, the discussion already started is carried forward.

Sensex down 322.39 pointsUpdated: December 9, 2014 18:18 IST
Sensex down 322.39 points
Tweet
The Hindu
Indian markets on Tuesday on losses in power, metal and capital goods shares amid a sell-off in China and other global markets. File photo
TOPICS
market and exchange
Indian markets on Tuesday plunged to over one-month low with benchmark Sensex tumbling 322.39 points to end at 27,797.01 on losses in power, metal and capital goods shares amid a sell-off in China and other global markets.
The NSE Nifty tanked 97.55 points to end below 8,400-mark at 8,340.70 as stocks fell for the third straight session.
Fall of global crude prices to five-year lows failed to lift the global sentiment as Chinese stocks dropped over 5 per cent on tighter lending norms and over 1 per cent drop in European indices, said traders.
The BSE 30-share Sensex remained in negative terrain for the major part of the session on sustained selling pressure.
It moved between 27,763.82 and 28,157.53 range, before ending with a sharp loss of 322.39 points, or 1.15 per cent, at 27,797.01. This is its weakest close since October 30.
In the previous two sessions, Sensex shed 443.42 points.
The overall market breadth was negative as about 900 stocks rose while over 2,000 scrips fell.
“Sell-offs seen in Asian markets...impacted market sentiments for the day. Brent crude was seen dropping to its fresh 5-year lows, below USD 66 a barrel,” said Hiren Dhakan, Associate Fund Manager, Bonanza Portfolio.
Experts said data showing current account deficit widened to USD 10.1 billion, or 2.1 per cent of GDP, in July-September quarter of this fiscal, raised concerns at a time when markets are pricing are strong recovery of the Indian economy.
Sesa Sterlite shares emerged the biggest loser among Sensex components by tumbling over 5 per cent. Shares of state-run ONGC plunged 4.29 per cent.
Other notable laggards include Tata Power, Bharti Airtel, NTPC, Tata Steel, Hindalco, BHEL, L&T, Tata Motors, Wipro, SBI, Cipla, Maruti Suzuki, Axis Bank and ICICI Bank.
Almost all the major Asian stock markets fell after Chinese market tumbled 5.43 per cent, the most since 2009.
Indices in Hong Kong and Japan were among the worst-hit.
Sectorally, BSE Power index suffered the most by losing 2.75 per cent, followed by Metal index (2.71 per cent), Capital Goods (2.29 per cent) and Consumer Durables (2.11 per cent) among others. Selling activity in small and midcap also gathered momentum with BSE Smallcap falling 1.59 per cent and Midcap index down 1.57 per cent.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) bought shares worth net Rs 4,984.60 crore yesterday.

India eyes the UAV deal with US during Obama visitYou are here: Home > Collections
India hopes to seal the Unmanned Aerial Vehicles deal with the US during Obama visit
Dipanjan Roy Chaudhury, ET Bureau Dec 11, 2014, 05.41AM IST
Tags:
Ashton Carter
(With defence trade as key…)
NEW DELHI: US President Barack Obama's visit next month could bring some good tidings for the Indian skies, both in hinterland and along the border, with Delhi planning to acquire Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs) from America.
With defence trade and joint production as key talking points during the visit, UAVs are among the items that the two sides are looking to co-produce and co-develop, official sources indicated.
This is part of the Indo-US Defence Technology and Trade Initiative (DTTI) that would receive a fillip during the Obama visit. The bilateral political-military dialogue last week in Delhi prepared the ground work for DTTI discussions for the presidential visit, sources informed.
Besides, the appointment of Ashton Carter as US Defence Secretary would be good news for DTTI. It was Carter who as Deputy Defence Secretary initiated DTTI and pushed for defence exports and discussed joint production during his visits to Delhi in 2012 and 2013.
Currently, India has few UAVs. But sources pointed out that the government is likely to give a major push to induction of UAVs in armed forces, which could be either made at home or acquired from foreign players. Delhi could end up spending $3 billion for UAVs of different sizes, range and parameters catering to varied specific requirements over the next decade, according to defence experts.
Last June, Under Secretary of Defence for Acquisition, Technology and Logistics, Frank Kendall , had told reporters in Washington that the US has a number of "ground breaking" defence technologies, including UAVs, to offer India for co-development and co-production.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Putin s visit could help sort out glitches in India-Russia defence tiesRussian president Vladimir Putin's visit here on December 10 is expected to ease some heartburn between the two staunch allies.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Russia remains extremely miffed with India for selecting French Rafale fighters and American Apache attack helicopters over its products but maintains that its recently inked military cooperation pact with Pakistan will not be "detrimental" to Indian security interests.
India, of course, is angry with Russia's move to lift an informal arms embargo and directly supply Mi-35 attack helicopters to Pakistan. "Russia is obviously getting back at us for increasingly turning to the US, France, Israel and others for weapon supplies.But we cannot put all our eggs in one basket," a defence official said.
Russian president Vladimir Putin's visit here on December 10 is expected to ease some heartburn between the two staunch allies.
Russian ambassador Alexander M Kadakin told reporters on Monday that the agreement with Pakistan did not envisage arms transfers to Islamabad in the immediate future. Dubbing India as his country's "closest friend and strategic partner", he said Moscow's growing relationship with Islamabad will not be at New Delhi's expense.
But the irritants are there for all to see. Russia, for instance, says Indian MiG fighters will only stop crashing when India stops buying "counterfeit (spare) parts" from Israel, Bulgaria and others. Even before IAF has completed its court of inquiry into the Sukhoi-30MKI's crash near Pune on October 14, Russia has blamed "pilot error" for it.
IAF chief Air Chief Marshal Arup Raha had initially stated that "automatic firing of ejection seats" could have led to the mishap. On Monday , an IAF officer said, "All technical issues to do with the seat ejection are still under examination."
Kadakin had earlier questioned India's decision to go in for French jets for the yet-to-be-inked $20 billion MMRCA (medium multi-role combat aircraft) project, holding the Rafales could be "swatted like mosquitoes on an August night" by the Russian-origin Sukhoi-27s being inducted by China. On Monday , he compared the Rafales to "beautifullyclad lady dragonflies" that can easily be squashed by Russian fighters.
Amid all this wrangling, both India and Russia are keen to seal the fifth-generation fighter aircraft (FGFA) project, the biggest ever defence programme between the two.

Private firms provide only 3-4% of defence equipment in India: ParikkarWith India attracting a paltry Rs 24.36 crore ($4.94 million) as FDI in the defence sector in the last 14 years, the FDI cap has now been hiked to 49% and the "Make in India" policy is being aggressively pursued.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: From Boeing to Lockheed Martin, BAE Systems to Airbus, the private sector dominates arms production the world over. The reverse is true in India, with the public sector continuing to huff and puff but still unable to rid the country of the dubious tag of being the world's largest arms importer.
Latest statistics, tabled by defence minister Manohar Parikkar in Parliament on Tuesday, show the share of the Indian private sector in providing equipment to the armed forces was a measly 3-4% over the last three years.
Take the Rs 36,918 crore spent on capital acquisitions for the IAF in 2013-2014. While the imports stood at Rs 20,928 crore (56.69%), the public sector delivered equipment worth Rs 15,447 crore (41.84%) with the private sector contributing just Rs 544 crore (1.47%). Similarly, the private sector's share for the Army , in turn, was just 1.91% in 2013-2014.
Experts say greater participation by Indian private sector companies, either alone or in joint ventures with global armament firms, is urgently required if India wants to build a strong defence-industrial base (DIB) in the years ahead.
The Modi government promises to do just that. With India attracting a paltry Rs 24.36 crore ($4.94 million) as FDI in the defence sector in the last 14 years, the FDI cap has now been hiked to 49% and the "Make in India" policy is being aggressively pursued.
But will it work? "The increase in FDI to 49% is a recent policy...its impact will be felt after a couple of years," said Parrikar. The defence acquisitions council has also approved direct defence procurements worth around Rs 75,000 crore since the Modi government came to power. "Rs 65,000 crore is for 'Make in India' or 'Buy and Make in India', whereas only Rs 10,000 crore is for 'Buy Global'...this is a major shift," he added.
The defence ministry is also working towards streamlining the complicated "Make" procedure for indigenous R&D, development and production of weapon systems. This will include the government funding 80% of the development cost of a weapon prototype, with the industry chipping in with 20%, in "long-gestation and high technological risk projects".
But it will take a lot of doing. On one hand, DRDO and its 50 labs, five defence PSUs, four shipyards and 39 ordnance factories continue to fail to deliver the goods for the armed forces. On the other, the private sector is yet to make any substantial contribution since the defence production sector was opened up in 2001-2002.
"The government's flip-flops and the strong PSU lobby have discouraged the private sector from jumping into defence manufacturing in a big way till now. For instance, the move to accord the Raksha Udyog Ratna status to selected private companies, and treat them at par with defence PSUs, was junked under pressure," said a senior officer.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Ponting to coach Mumbai Indians in IPL 2015More
Ponting to coach Mumbai Indians in IPL 2015
Ricky Ponting will replace John Wright, who has been given a new role of talent scouting in addition to creating a youth development organisation to be run by the franchise.
By ESPNcricinfo staff | ESPNcricinfo –  Thu 11 Dec, 2014 5:48 AM IST
Tweet
0
Ricky Ponting.Former Australia captain Ricky Ponting will take over as head coach of Mumbai Indians from the upcoming IPL season. Ponting will replace former India and New Zealand coach John Wright, who has been given a new role of talent scouting in addition to creating a youth development organisation to be run by the franchise.
Ponting, who retired from international cricket in 2012, was bought by Mumbai in 2013 for a base price of $400,000. He was appointed the captain immediately but decided to step down mid-way into the campaign owing to a poor run of form: 52 runs from six matches. Despite a weak first phase, Mumbai bounced back to win their maiden IPL title that year under Ponting's successor - Rohit Sharma .
However, Mumbai retained Ponting in an advisory role in IPL 2014 when he traveled with the team for a few matches. Mumbai finished fourth last season.
In a press release, the franchise also said that former India captain Anil Kumble has been "elevated to the Owners Group and shall oversee the implementation of the Vision for Reliance Sports that currently has interests across multiple sports including Football, Basketball and Cricket."
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

Jet Airways Shares Make Merry Amid Troubles at Rival  Falling OilYou are here: Home Market
Jet Airways Shares Make Merry Amid Troubles at Rival, Falling Oil
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 11, 2014 15:52 (IST)
Mumbai: Share price of Jet Airways has almost doubled in the last three months on expectations that continuing troubles at rival SpiceJet will help it gain market share.
Besides, falling international crude oil prices have also helped the rally in the stock.
Share price of Jet Airways rose by 98 per cent from Rs 223.05 on September 1 to today's closing price of Rs 441 apiece. The stock touched one-year peak of Rs 458 in early trade today.
Since August, ATF prices have been cut by 14.5 per cent or Rs 10,218.76 per kl and rates have dipped below Rs 60,000 per kl level for the first time in three years.
Jet fuel accounts for more than 40 per cent of an airline's operating costs and falling prices will ease the financial burden of carriers.
Marketmen said that SpiceJet's plight has somewhat led to Jet Airways' gain.
Cash-strapped SpiceJet has cancelled over 1,800 flights across the country for the current month, in signs of mounting troubles for the budget airline.
Concerned over the deteriorating condition of SpiceJet and large-scale flight cancellations, aviation regulator DGCA had on Friday withdrawn 186 of its slots and asked it to clear salary dues of all its employees within the coming 10 days.
Union Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju also last week raised serious concern over the financial health of the domestic airline.
Also there were reports in the media that with budget carrier SpiceJet wobbling amid fund drought and the aviation regulator keeping a close tab on its curtailed operations, the no-frill carrier's pilots are flocking to other airlines in search of a job.
Story first published on: December 11, 2014 15:52 (IST)

Rupee Ends at 62.33/Dollar  Lowest in Nearly 10-MonthsRupee Weakens to 63.50 as Share Losses Hurt
Mumbai: The rupee tumbled to its lowest in more than nine months, tracking a fall in local shares, and as a recent slump in oil prices sparked concerns about the health of the global economy.
The partially convertible rupee closed weaker at 62.33/34 per dollar, after falling to as low as 62.3575, a level last seen on February 20. The rupee had closed at 62.02/03 on Wednesday.
The Reserve Bank of India likely sold dollars via state-owned banks around 62.3575 per dollar to contain the rupee's fall, traders said.
Foreign institutional investors sold Indian equity derivatives worth Rs 1,915 crore ($307.11 million) on Wednesday, exchange data showed, which also weighed on the rupee.
Analysts expect the rupee to be protected against sharp depreciation due to the RBI's intervention even as volatility in global markets is likely to persist as crude oil prices remain low and concerns over growth slowdown linger.
"It is important to keep an eye on global cues, specially emerging market currencies," said Paresh Nayar, head of fixed income and currencies at First Rand Bank.
The falls came as shares fell on Thursday for a fourth session in five, tracking a decline in regional shares.
Although oil prices edged higher on Thursday, they remained close to a five-year low, which is sparking concerns about the extent of weakness in the global economy.
In the offshore non-deliverable forwards, the one-month contract was at 62.68, while the three-month was at 63.22.
($1 = Rs 62.3550)

PSU banks may issue equity with differential voting rightsPSU banks may issue equity with differential voting rights, suggests SBI chief
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 11, 2014  | 19:54 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
State Bank of India (SBI) Chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya on Thursday said public sector banks (PSBs) could look at issuing shares with differential voting rights to raise funds to meet the Basel-III capital adequacy norms as the government has indicated that it won't continue to fund PSBs.
"The writing on the wall is very clear... They (PSBs) have to think of differential voting rights. It is time to lay out some kind of road map on how much the banks need to do and how much support it would get," Bhattacharya said while talking to reporters on the sidelines of a conference.
The government on Wednesday allowed PSBs to raise up to Rs 1.60 lakh crore from markets by diluting government holding to 52 per cent in phases so as to meet Basel III norms.
Pitching for consolidation in the banking sector, the SBI chief said that it was important to have three-four major banks.
"We should allow the banks to come together and talk among themselves. In the past also we have seen government has forced some mergers... It is very important for the banks to determine who should be their correct partners," she added.
According to Bhattacharya, it is better to merge good banks with good banks.
The SBI chief further said the government has shown its intent to continue with reforms in the banking sector by deciding to bring down its stake in PSU lenders to 52 per cent.
"The big daddy back there is not going to be around to give them capital as and when they need. If they need to be competitive and want to grow, then they definitely need to look at other places for more capital," she added.
Out of 27 PSBs, the government controls 22 through majority holding. In the remaining 5 banks, state-owned lender SBI holds majority stake.
The Basel III norms, which will come into effect from March 31, 2019, were put in place following the 2007-08 financial crisis triggered by the fall of Lehman Brothers. As per Basel-III norms, the minimum capital level for Tier-1 has to be 7 per cent.
The norms are aimed at improving risk management and governance while raising the banking sector's ability to absorb financial and economic stress.
Bhattacharya said bankers are paid poorly in the country as compared to their counterparts elsewhere in the world.
"Let me start with income of banking professionals in India. Here, 70 per cent of the banks are in public sector and they are paid very poorly compared to market," the SBI chairperson said.
She also suggested that the government should provide some kind of a roadmap for public sector banks on how much capital support they can expect from shareholders and how much they have to raise from the market .
It would make the banks come up to the efficiency level that the markets demand and they would start working towards it with much greater fervour, the chief added.
"So, I believe, along with the step the government took yesterday (Dec 10), they also need to now lay out the roadmap for the public sector banks in order to enable them to lay out their own plan and proceed accordingly," she said.
Elaborating on the theme of consolidation in the banking industry, Bhattacharya said smaller banks would find it extremely difficult to innovate and adopt latest technology, while remaining profitable at the same time.
Even in countries like the US, Bhattacharya said, there are universal banks and community banks.
May be with similar thoughts in mind the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has just about brought in the new small bank license , she said, adding that it would be better if good banks (merge) with good banks and may be bad with bad so that they can come together and get some strength.
Pitching for mergers and acquisitions, she said it would be better if some kind of coming together happens and added, probably the conversation needed to start among everybody so that the consenting people could come together and do something about it.
Regarding small banks, the SBI chief said, they should offer something niche otherwise it would become difficult for them to adopt technology and compete.

Wall St rallies after retail sales boostWall St rallies after retail sales boost
FT reporters
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/36a68d0a-80e8-11e4-b5cf-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India  Russia sign 2 pacts for Kudankulam projectIndia, Russia sign 2 pacts for Kudankulam project
Our Bureau
Coming together: Essar Chairman Shashi Ruia exchanging documents with VTB Chairman Andrey Kostin in the presence of Russian President Vladimir Putin and Prime Minister Narendra Modi at Hyderabad House, in the Capital, on Thursday. RAMESH SHARMA
Strategic Vision on use of atomic energy also inked
New Delhi, December 11:  
India and Russia on Thursday signed two agreements which will set the groundwork for starting units 3 and 4 of the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Project.
At the summit meeting between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Russian President Vladimir Putin, a supplement to the General Framework Agreement for units 3 and 4 was signed which will operationalise the GFA and Technical Commercial Offer signed in April. Besides, a contract for the implementation of units 3 and 4 of the plant with ATOMSTROYEXPORT supplying some major equipment was also signed.
Fertiliser stake
In addition, NMDC entered into a MoU with ACRON for acquiring stakes by a consortium of Indian companies in a $2-billion project of the Russian fertiliser company.
Setting the bilateral trade turnover in goods and services at $30 billion by 2025, the two countries also signed a number of other agreements including Essar Group’s MoU with VTB for finance arrangement of $1 billion to Essar.
The deal is intended to finance the continued consolidation of certain assets in Essar Group’s investment portfolio and strengthening its capital structure. This financing follows the successful $1.2-billion transaction arranged earlier by VTB Capital, which acted as Financial Adviser and Financier for the company in taking its key assets private. These were listed on the London Stock Exchange, the company said in a statement.
The two countries entered into an agreement for enhancement of cooperation in oil and gas in 2015-16 which includes joint exploration and production of hydrocarbons, long-term LNG supplies and joint study of a hydrocarbon pipeline systems connecting Russia with India.
An agreement for training of Indian Armed Forces personnel in the military establishments of the Defence Ministry of the Russian Federation was also initialled.
Nuclear cooperation
A strategic vision for strengthening cooperation on uses of atomic energy between the two countries which envisages a roadmap of bilateral cooperation in the civil nuclear energy sector for the next two decades was also signed.
As part of strategic this vision, the two nations recognised that the agenda for bilateral cooperation in the nuclear power sector is globally one of the largest between any two countries.
A statement says that the two countries look forward to the construction of additional Russian-designed nuclear power units in India, cooperation in research and development of innovative nuclear power plants and localisation of manufacturing of equipment and fuel assemblies in India.
The two countries will also explore opportunities for sourcing materials, equipment and services from Indian industry for the construction of Russian-designed nuclear power plants in third countries.
(This article was published on December 11, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.
Union Budget 2014-15 Highlights
Following are the highlights of the Union Budget 2014-15 presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament on July 10, 2014
Income-tax exemption limit raised by Rs 50,000 to Rs 2.5 lakh and for senior citizens to Rs 3 lakh
Exemption limit for investment in financial instruments under 80C raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh.
Investment limit in PPF raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh
Deduction limit on interest on loan for self-occupied house raised to Rs 2 lakh from Rs 1.5 lakh.
Committee to look into all fresh tax demands for indirect transfer of assets in wake of retrospective tax amendments of 2012
Fiscal deficit target retained at 4.1% of GDP for current fiscal and 3.6% in FY 16
Rs 150 crore allocated for increasing safety of women in large cities
LCD, LED TV become cheaper
Cigarettes, pan masala, tobacco, aerated drinks become costlier
5 IIMs to be opened in HP, Punjab, Bihar, Odisha and Rajasthan
5 more IITs in Jammu, Chhattisgarh, Goa, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala.
4 more AIIMS like institutions to come up in AP, West Bengal, Vidarbha in Maharashtra and Poorvanchal in UP
Govt proposes to launch Digital India’ programme to ensure broad band connectivity at village level
National Rural Internet and Technology Mission for services in villages and schools, training in IT skills proposed
Rs 100 cr scheme to support about 600 new and existing Community Radio Stations
Rs 100 cr for metro projects in Lucknow and Ahmedabad
Govt expects Rs 9.77 lakh crore revenue crore from taxes
Govt’s plan expenditure pegged at Rs 5.75 lakh crore and non-Plan at Rs 12.19 lakh crore.
Rs 2,037 crore set aside for Integrated Ganga Conservation Mission called ‘Namami Gange’
Kisan Vikas Patra to be reintroduced, National Savings Certificate with insurance cover to be launched
FDI limit to be hiked to 49% pc in defence, insurance
Disinvestment target fixed at Rs 58,425 crore
Gross borrowings pegged at Rs 6 lakh crore
Contours of GST to be finalised this fiscal; Govt to look into DTC proposal.
‘Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya New Teachers Training Programme’ launched with initial sum of Rs 500 crore
Govt provides Rs 500 crore for rehabilitation of displaced Kashmiri migrants
Set aside Rs 11,200 crore for PSU banks capitalisation
Govt in favour of consolidation of PSU banks
Govt considering giving greater autonomy to PSU banks while making them accountable
Rs 7,060 crore for setting up 100 Smart Cities
A project on the river Ganga called ‘Jal Marg Vikas’ for inland waterways between Allahabad and Haldia; Rs 4,200 crore set aside for the purpose.
Govt proposes Ultra Modern Super Critical Coal Based Thermal Power Technology
Expenditure management commission to be setup; will look into food and fertilizer subsides
Impasse in coal sector will be resolved; coal will be provided to power plants already commissioned or to be commissioned by March 2015
Long term capial gains tax for mutual funds doubled to 20%; lock-in period increased to 3 years
Rs 4,000 cr set aside to increase flow of cheaper credit for affordable housing to the urban poor/EWS/LIG segment.
EPFO to launch the ‘Uniform Account Number’ service to facilitate portability of Provident Fund accounts
Mandatory wage ceiling of subscription to EPS (Employee Pension Scheme) raised from Rs 6,500 to Rs 15,000
Minimum pension increased to Rs 1,000 per month

Bring water in the concurrent list  says PACBring water in the concurrent list, says PAC
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, December 11:  
The Public Accounts Committee (PAC), headed by Congress leader KV Thomas, has recommended bringing water in the concurrent list of the Constitution.
The panel, in a report titled ‘Water Pollution in India’, urged the Centre to come up with a national legislation on water. At the moment, water is a State subject.
The committee said there is a need to recognise water as a finite and vulnerable resource. “The Committee has urged the Government to take urgent action to set the stage for enactment of a comprehensive national legislation on water after evolving a broad national consensus to bring it in the concurrent list and formulate an over-arching national legal framework for effective water management, conservation, development and equitable distribution with adequate provisions for devolution necessary authority to the lower tiers of Government,” the report said.
The committee said the existing legislations on water should be comprehensively reviewed. It said funds available for control and prevention of water pollution were meagre and urged the Centre to strictly monitor its projects in the area.
(This article was published on December 11, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.
Union Budget 2014-15 Highlights
Following are the highlights of the Union Budget 2014-15 presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament on July 10, 2014
Income-tax exemption limit raised by Rs 50,000 to Rs 2.5 lakh and for senior citizens to Rs 3 lakh
Exemption limit for investment in financial instruments under 80C raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh.
Investment limit in PPF raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh
Deduction limit on interest on loan for self-occupied house raised to Rs 2 lakh from Rs 1.5 lakh.
Committee to look into all fresh tax demands for indirect transfer of assets in wake of retrospective tax amendments of 2012
Fiscal deficit target retained at 4.1% of GDP for current fiscal and 3.6% in FY 16
Rs 150 crore allocated for increasing safety of women in large cities
LCD, LED TV become cheaper
Cigarettes, pan masala, tobacco, aerated drinks become costlier
5 IIMs to be opened in HP, Punjab, Bihar, Odisha and Rajasthan
5 more IITs in Jammu, Chhattisgarh, Goa, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala.
4 more AIIMS like institutions to come up in AP, West Bengal, Vidarbha in Maharashtra and Poorvanchal in UP
Govt proposes to launch Digital India’ programme to ensure broad band connectivity at village level
National Rural Internet and Technology Mission for services in villages and schools, training in IT skills proposed
Rs 100 cr scheme to support about 600 new and existing Community Radio Stations
Rs 100 cr for metro projects in Lucknow and Ahmedabad
Govt expects Rs 9.77 lakh crore revenue crore from taxes
Govt’s plan expenditure pegged at Rs 5.75 lakh crore and non-Plan at Rs 12.19 lakh crore.
Rs 2,037 crore set aside for Integrated Ganga Conservation Mission called ‘Namami Gange’
Kisan Vikas Patra to be reintroduced, National Savings Certificate with insurance cover to be launched
FDI limit to be hiked to 49% pc in defence, insurance
Disinvestment target fixed at Rs 58,425 crore
Gross borrowings pegged at Rs 6 lakh crore
Contours of GST to be finalised this fiscal; Govt to look into DTC proposal.
‘Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya New Teachers Training Programme’ launched with initial sum of Rs 500 crore
Govt provides Rs 500 crore for rehabilitation of displaced Kashmiri migrants
Set aside Rs 11,200 crore for PSU banks capitalisation
Govt in favour of consolidation of PSU banks
Govt considering giving greater autonomy to PSU banks while making them accountable
Rs 7,060 crore for setting up 100 Smart Cities
A project on the river Ganga called ‘Jal Marg Vikas’ for inland waterways between Allahabad and Haldia; Rs 4,200 crore set aside for the purpose.
Govt proposes Ultra Modern Super Critical Coal Based Thermal Power Technology
Expenditure management commission to be setup; will look into food and fertilizer subsides
Impasse in coal sector will be resolved; coal will be provided to power plants already commissioned or to be commissioned by March 2015
Long term capial gains tax for mutual funds doubled to 20%; lock-in period increased to 3 years
Rs 4,000 cr set aside to increase flow of cheaper credit for affordable housing to the urban poor/EWS/LIG segment.
EPFO to launch the ‘Uniform Account Number’ service to facilitate portability of Provident Fund accounts
Mandatory wage ceiling of subscription to EPS (Employee Pension Scheme) raised from Rs 6,500 to Rs 15,000
Minimum pension increased to Rs 1,000 per month

Defence ministry to free 5 MHz spectrum in 3G band in 17 circlesIndia manufacturing activity expands to 2-year high as orders surge; PMI at 54.5 in Dec
The defence ministry has agreed to release 5 MHz of spectrum in the 2100 MHz band used for 3G services in 17 circles, a top official in the department of telecommunications said on Thursday, adding that talks are under way for release of another 15 Mhz spectrum in the same band through a swap agreement with the ministry.
The additional spectrum will be available by March or April. “We expect 5 MHz in the 2100 MHz band to be vacated by defence. The rest 15 Mhz, which is to be swapped with other bands, mainly 1900 Mhz, will also happen but it will take time,” the official said.
The spectrum vacation will require Cabinet’s approval, the official said indicating that the government may go ahead with 3G auction with 5 Mhz in the next round to be held in February.
However, FE has learnt that after telecom minister Ravi Shankar Prasad met defence minister Manohar Parrikar to resolve issues on November 17, DoT has formally delineated a proposal on swapping spectrum in a draft Cabinet note on November 26.
The defence ministry has agreed to the proposal on the ‘defence interest zone’, which will facilitate the swap. An announcement to this effect is expected once the Cabinet approves the measure formally, may be sometime later this month. In that scenario, another 15 Mhz of spectrum in the 2100 Mhz band would be in DoT’s kitty, which would brighten the chances of a big bang auction for all spectrum together — in the 900, 1800 and 2100 Mhz, as desired by the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (Trai). DoT has already asked Trai to expedite the base price recommendations for 3G spectrum.
The DoT official also said the telecom commission at its meeting on Tuesday has finalised the base price of R3,693 crore per MHz for the premium 900 MHz frequency band, which is about 23% more than R3,004 crore per MHz proposed by Trai.
Similarly, for 1800MHz, the panel recommended the base price at R2,191 crore against R2,138 crore recommended by Trai. The commission’s recommendations are based on pricing recommended by DoT’s committee.
At least 184 MHz of spectrum in the 900 MHz band and 104 MHz in 1800 MHz, which includes 78 MHz spectrum, will be auctioned in February. The commission has also finalised a base price of R3,646 crore per MHz for the CDMA band, nearly 17% higher than R3,104 crore suggested by Trai.
Auction of spectrum in 900MHz and 1800 MHz band would be held for 18 and 20 telecom circles respectively, while the 800MHz band used by CDMA operators will be on pan-India basis.
Post Comments
More from economy

Thanks IRCTC  stations may soon get CCD  Pizza Hut & others | Safal to take on McCainYou are here: Home > Collections > Irctc
IRCTC in talks with Cafe Coffee Day, Pizza Hut and others to open eateries at stations
Tasmayee Laha Roy, ET Bureau Dec 12, 2014, 07.13AM IST
Tags:
Hotels
(We would also add another…)
KOLKATA: Come 2015, and your wait in a railway station isn't going to be all that disappointing, especially if you are hungry. IRCTC in its effort to offer better fare at stations is talking to Cafe Coffee Day, Pizza Hut, Barista Coffee, Subway and Jumboking Vadapav, urging them to open eateries at stations.
In doing so, IRCTC is trying to take its annual earnings to Rs 50 crore from the current Rs 30 crore. "To begin with, Mapple Hotels has been selected to run the food plaza at Hardwar station. There are 106 other food plazas and fast food units that are at various stages of commissioning at places like Bhavnagar, Delhi Cantonment, Kanpur Central and others. We would also add another 56 food kiosks at Delhi Metro stations across New Delhi," said RN Kalita, director of catering services at IRCTC.
Travel Food Services (TFS), a Mumbai-based F&B operator that specialises in running restaurants, cafes, food courts and manages lounges across major airports in the country, will launch similar executive lounges across railway stations like Vijayawada, Howrah and Jaipur by next April. These lounges would be anything between 1,500 sq ft and 3,500 sq ft.
"We share the common vision of changing the travel experience of passengers with the Indian Railways. Our big challenge is to organise the scattered F&B services that are available at railway stations," said Gaurav Dewan, COO, Travel Food Services.
TFS, which has franchisee arrangement with brands like KFC, Domino's Pizza, Cafeccino, Haagen-Dazs, The Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf , is also bidding to operate in the food courts and food plazas at various stations. IRCTC will soon finalise 50 food plazas in tier-II cities like Dehradun, Tambaram and Haridwar. Keeping in mind the heterogeneous consumers in railway stations, food items of all price range would be served at the railway and metro stations.
Operating more than 70 vadapav stores across the country, Jumboking Vadapav has proposed 20 outlets across stations in New Delhi, in places like IFFCO Chowk metro station and HUDA City Centre metro station.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Uber aftermath: Financiers halt funds; car sales to be hit | Rush hour for forensic cosPrices | Financials | Company Info | Reports
NEW DELHI: The ban on Internet taxi aggregators following the alleged rape of a woman executive on a Uber cab has made some collateral damage.
Car makers are among the badly hit, at a time when the industry is struggling to emerge from a painful period of falling sales. The aggregators, who have been facilitating drivers to buy cars and become their associates as they fought for market share, have been a contributor to sales for auto companies in recent months.
Auto financiers are another lot hit by the ban. While they expect increasing delinquency rates as the drivers who bought cars on loans may find it hard to pay EMIs with no business after authorities banning Web taxi services. Most of these driver-owners don't have the permit to operate their cars as city taxis either. Companies such as Toyota Financial Services and Shriram Transport Finance have from this week stopped financing commercial vehicles for web taxi companies.
About Rs 100 crore is estimated to be at stake in Delhi alone by auto finance companies with an average loan size of Rs 6 lakh. More than 50,000 drivers across India are associated with Web-based taxi startups such as Uber, Ola, BookMyCab and Taxi For Sure. The exposure of auto finance companies to the Internet taxi segment is over Rs 500 crore.
The aggregators had helped drivers buy cars through partnerships with finance companies and car makers such as Tata Motors, Maruti Suzuki , Toyota, Nissan and Ford .
"We will wait a while before financing loans to cabs associated such companies and let things settle. Delinquency in overall industry is about 5 per cent in commercial vehicles financing, which may go up due to nationwide bans," said Umesh Revankar, chief executive of Shriram Transport Finance, which had funded about 100 cabs with companies such as Uber and OlaCabs.
Motors where drivers could buy cars such Tata Manza at a discount of Rs 1 lakh. Uber had partnered with top lending companies like Shriram Finance, AU Financiers and Toyota Financial Services, which had created vehicle financing schemes with low down payment of as low as Rs 60,000. Uber had also worked out exclusive discounts on vehicles with companies such as Mahindra, Maruti Suzuki, Tata Motors, and Toyota. Taxi For Sure had partnered with Tata Nano and had launched a taxi service with 100 Nano cars in Bangalore this month.
"We have stopped all arrangements with these operators with immediate effect. We are waiting for a clear signal from the state authorities before we revive such partnerships," a senior executive of Toyota Kirloskar Motor said on condition of anonymity. Toyota was selling its Etios sedan and the Innova utility vehicle to drivers attached with Web-based taxi application companies. "It was a small chunk of our commercial operations. But it was steadily growing in terms of percentage."
OlaCabs has more than 40,000 drivers associated with it and helped hundreds of drivers procure cars at attractive discounts of up to Rs 1 lakh. "The ban will impact drivers. We are working with authorities in all state governments to ensure we are compliant at all fronts," said Anand Subramanian , director -marketing, Olacabs.

Agra conversions row: Biman Bose lashes out at Hindu groupsIf Mamata Banerjee arrested, Bengal will be on fire: Trinamool Congress MP Idris Ali
Lashing out at Hindu nationalist outfits like the Bajrang Dal and Dharm Jagran Manch for alleged religious conversions in Agra, West Bengal Left Front Chairman Biman Bose on Thursday cautioned against alleged attempts by Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) and other Hindu outfits to disrupt the secular fabric of the country.
Bose said that the victory of BJP and Narendra Modi backed by RSS in the Lok Sabha polls doesn’t mean that the country belonged only to the majority community.
“Several people from the minority community were converted in Agra by Hindutva organisations as the Bajrang Dal with the lure of money, house and other facilities. They were asked to attend a programme where they were converted. It’s a shame. These organisations are trying to destroy the communal harmony and secular fabric of the country,” Bose said.
“Victory of Modi and BJP backed by RSS and other Hindu outfits doesn’t mean that the country belongs only to the majority community. We can never allow to destroy the secularism of the country,” Bose said.
The issue of conversion of some Muslims in Agra rocked the Parliament for the second day today with Opposition creating a ruckus and demanding immediate discussion on the matter, which they said could have grave consequences.
About 100 people, mostly minority slum dwellers, were re-converted and “brought back” to the Hindu fold through a ritual carried out by Hindu organisation Dharma Jagran Manch.
The Agra police registered a case against the outfit and its UP Convenor Nand Kishore on Tuesday night and launched investigations into the incident.
Post Comments
More from miscellaneous

From Russia with love: Essar gets $1-bn loans  $8-bn crudeRoche loses patent for osteoporosis drug in India
Russian President Vladimir Putin, who is on a two-day visit to offered the Ruias-promoted Essar Group a $1-billion credit line and an $8-billion crude supply contract. The steel-to-oil Indian conglomerate on Thursday signed two separate agreements with St Petersburg-based Vneshtorgbank (VTB) and Moscow-based Rosneft.
Andrey Kostin, President and chairman of VTB Bank Management Board, signed a memorandum of understanding with Shashi Ruia, co-founder of Essar Group, to provide a credit facility of up to $1 billion. The deal is intended to finance the continued consolidation of certain assets in Essar Group’s investment portfolio and the strengthening of its capital structure.
The financing follows the $1.2-billion successful transaction arranged in the first half of 2014 by VTB Capital, which acted as financial adviser and financier for the company as it took its key assets private. These assets were listed on the London Stock Exchange.
In the past five years, Essar Group has invested $18 billion across its steel, energy, infrastructure and services businesses. A multinational corporation, it has annual revenues of $39 billion. Essar runs a 20- million-tonne-per-annum (mtpa) refinery at Vadinar in Gujarat, operates 10-mtpa steel mills, owns 108-mtpa port capacity and has nearly 4,000 mw of operating power plants. The group has an asset base of over $30 billion.
In the second agreement, Russia’s top crude oil producer,  Rosneft, reached a preliminary agreement to supply Essar Group with 10 million tonne of oil over a 10-year period. At current crude prices, the deal is pegged at $7-8 billion. Currently, Essar Oil has over 405,000 barrels per stream day (bpsd) of crude refining capacity at Vadinar in Gujarat.
The agreement opens new horizons of cooperation between the two countries, thanks to the synergistic potential of the partnership in upstream and downstream areas of two leaders of the oil and gas industry. Thanks to this agreement, Rosneft gets a secure market outlet for oil and oil products while Essar gains a reliable and stable partner as a supplier of oil and oil products for its refining facilities, the companies said in a joint statement.
Commenting on the pact, Igor Sechin, head of Rosneft, said, “The strategic potential of reached agreement between Rosneft — a global leader in hydrocarbon production — and Essar — the world’s leading player in the refining area —  can hardly be overestimated. The performance of the terms of the agreement will have a substantial impact on the scale of economical cooperation between Russia and India —our company estimates that the implementation of the contract will fuel significant growth in the goods turnover between two countries. For our Indian partners, the signing of this agreement represents a vital element of basic supplies diversification which, at the same time, will ensure energy security for the country. The Russian counterpart, in turn, will get the possibility of production and supplies volume planning to a new region with considerable growth potential.”
Post Comments
More from companies

Women s safety in focus for Uber rivals in S...You are here: Home > Collections > Apps
Women's safety in focus as Uber rivals race across Southeast Asia
Reuters Dec 12, 2014, 08.48AM IST
Tags:
Easy Taxi
(Both GrabTaxi and Easy Taxi…)
SINGAPORE/HANOI: A co-founder of GrabTaxi, Uber's biggest competitor in Southeast Asia , remarked earlier this year that safety is so central to the online taxi booking business that some of his drivers feel like they are tracked at every moment - even when they go to the bathroom.
The Malaysian company and Brazil-based rival Easy Taxi made headlines over the past year by attracting over $400 million in investment. But a rape accusation against an Uber driver in New Delhi has thrown taxi apps under a different spotlight.
Uber has since been banned in Delhi, adding to bans or legal action in several countries including Spain, Thailand and the United States. Authorities' common complaint is that Uber's service includes private vehicle owners, which contrasts with GrabTaxi and Easy Taxi.
Both use licenced taxi drivers, which helps their strategy to market themselves as safe for women in cities such as Jakarta. The transportation system in the Indonesian capital is among the region's most dangerous for women, according to a survey by the Thomson Reuters Foundation.
With safety at the centre of their marketing strategy, the rape allegation against the Uber driver in India could threaten the image of these firms, whose investors include Japan's SoftBank Corp and other international names.
"Women are our target audience," said Nguyen Tuan Anh, general manager at GrabTaxi in Vietnam. The majority of the company's passengers are women - as much as 70 percent in the Philippines.
GrabTaxi said it only works with drivers of taxi firms that check identity documents, driving licences and criminal records. It asks drivers to resubmit those documents upon signing up, and confirms that applicants are still contracted to taxi firms.
"Its drivers are all from known taxi brands so I don't have to worry about safety," said banker Bui Thi Thu Trang. The 30-year-old said she uses GrabTaxi frequently in Hanoi and has enjoyed numerous discounts and offers, which include vouchers for make-up from Shiseido Co Ltd.
Representatives from Uber in Vietnam did not respond to repeated requests for comment for this article. An Uber spokesman in Singapore did not provide comment.
PHOTOGRAPHS
GrabTaxi and Easy Taxi typically provide driver details such as photograph and phone number. GrabTaxi also allows passengers to "share" their trips online so family and friends can track their location. On both apps, pick-up points are chosen by the user.
"If it is late at night, without apps like this you've got to go on the street," said Joon Chan, regional managing director for Easy Taxi, southeast Asia. Easy Taxi's driver screening includes testing patience and cordiality, Chan said.
Park Byung Joon, head of the urban transport management programme at Singapore's SIM University, said taxi booking firms need to improve processes to ensure the drivers they screen are the individuals driving their cars.
"I use taxis a lot in Singapore as well, but I hardly ever check" whether the driver matches the photo, he said. "When you finally check it ... you are already sitting in the taxi."
GrabTaxi, co-founded by Anthony Tan in 2012, reported a six-fold jump in users over the past year to about 500,000. It estimated 3 bookings are made through its app every second across Southeast Asia.
"Passengers in Thailand, Philippines, Malaysia - the big problem is safety," Tan said in an interview with Reuters in May discussing GrabTaxi's ride-tracking function.
Tan said one driver talked to him about safety features such as drivers' photos and details. "'My face is there in the cloud, tracking me all the way,'" Tan quoted the driver as telling him. "'The cloud knows I'm going to the toilet, it's staring at me.'"
FEATURED ARTICLES

Morning Bets: BUY or SELL ideas from experts for FridayYou are here: Home > Collections > Idfc
‘BUY’ or ‘SELL’ ideas from experts for Friday, 12 December 2014
ET Now Dec 12, 2014, 08.24AM IST
Tags:
Aditya Birla Nuvo
(ET Now spoke to various experts…)
NEW DELHI: Indian markets are expected to trade in a range on Friday following muted trend seen in other Asian markets.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
Aditya Birla Nuvo Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 1640 and a stop loss of Rs 1760
Bata India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1360 and a stop loss of Rs 1289
Bharat Forge Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 890 and a stop loss of Rs 941.50
IDFC is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 166 and a stop loss of Rs 156
Strides Arcolab Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 985 and a stop loss of Rs 919
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
GATI Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 312 and a stop loss of Rs 270
Dewan Housing Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 436 and a stop loss of Rs 400
Wockhardt Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1098 and a stop loss of Rs 1026
HDIL is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 58 and a stop loss of Rs 72
Aditya Birla Nuvo Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 1638 and a stop loss of Rs 1728
Vijay Bhambwani, Author and CEO at bsplindia.com
Tata Steel Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 413 and a stop loss of Rs 425
Bharat Forge Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 914 and a stop loss of Rs 935
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own a nd do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Small Cap World Fund sells 15.35 Lk shrs of Tilaknagar IndDec 12, 2014, 08.26 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Small Cap World Fund sells 15 lakh shares of Tilaknagar Ind
Small Cap World Fund Inc sold 15,35,000 shares of Tilaknagar Industries at Rs 28.01.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Small Cap World Fund sells 15 lakh shares of Tilaknagar Ind
Small Cap World Fund Inc sold 15,35,000 shares of Tilaknagar Industries at Rs 28.01.
Post your opinion here
 
On December 11, 2014 Small Cap World Fund Inc sold 15,35,000 shares of  Tilaknagar Industries at Rs 28.01 on the BSE.
On Thursday, Tilaknagar Industries ended at Rs 27.80, up Rs 0.45, or 1.65 percent on the BSE.
The share touched its 52-week high Rs 68 and 52-week low Rs 25.60 on 15 April, 2014 and 24 November, 2014, respectively.
RELATED NEWS

Emerging markets may weather dollar rise: All you need to knowIndian rupee pares initial losses, down by 2p vs US dollar
Even as the Indian rupee fell to a near 10-month low to touch 62.33 against the US dollar, it has been quite stable when compared with other emerging market currencies.
The rupee fell only 3.9% over the last five months against the strengthening dollar. The Russian ruble has fallen by 61%, the Brazilian real 17.5% and the Mexican peso 11.7% during the same period.
A stronger dollar is here to stay, says a recent report by JP Morgan, and the impact would be limited if the dollar rise is orderly. But a more dramatic strengthening could pose greater risks.
WHY IS THE DOLLAR RISING?
* Relative growth: US economy grew at 3% in Q3 of 2014, while the euro zone, Japan and China have slumped
* Monetary policy: The US Federal Reserve is expected to raise interest rates in 2015 on US growth firming, which will be higher relative to other developed economies. This will attract more capital flows to the US and consequently, a stronger dollar
* Oil output: Increased shale oil output reduces US demand for imported oil. This reduces the current account deficit of the US, reducing the global supply of dollars
Impact on emerging markets
The report says that emerging market equities have had a strong negative correlation with the dollar
A strong dollar leads to capital outflows from emerging markets. But this time, emerging markets may not react the same way and most are better placed to withstand a stronger dollar than the late 1990s
THE RISE AND FALL OF THE US $
The US dollar trade-weighted index (TWI) is a measure of the value of the dollar relative to other world currencies
THE CORRELATION OF EM ECONOMIES WITH THE US $
* The MSCI Emerging Markets Index is designed to measure equity market performance in the global emerging markets.
* The Latin America Index captures large and mid cap representation across 5 emerging markets countries in Latin America.
* Asia EM index captures large and mid cap representation across 8 Emerging Asian Markets
* EMEA Index captures large and mid cap representation across 8 emerging market countries in Europe, Middle East and Africa
Post Comments
More from bankingampfinance

U.S. House passes $1.1 trillion govt funding...House approves $1.1 trillion spending bill, averts shutdown
Reuters Dec 12, 2014, 08.56AM IST
Tags:
Barack Obama
(A separate bill to fund the…)
WASHINGTON: Facing intense pressure to avoid a government shutdown, the US House of Representatives have narrowly passed a USD 1.1 trillion federal spending bill, sending it to the Senate after it was ushered through barely two hours before a midnight deadline.
Yesterday's 219-206 vote followed a bruising day of arm-twisting by the White House after dozens of Democrats revolted over pro-Wall Street and campaign-finance riders in the bill, dramatically splitting with President Barack Obama over the legislation that funds most federal operations through September.
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said after the vote that his chamber will take up the must-pass legislation today.
Congress passed a two-day extension to keep government open beyond yesterday's witching hour so that the Senate can debate and vote on the measure.
The spending package, which would fund most federal operations through September 30, the end of the 2015 fiscal year, was the focus of extraordinary brinkmanship in Congress, a fitting cap to one of the most polarized eras in Washington.
The deal almost did not happen, forcing the White House and Obama, who came out in favor of the measure, into near-panic mode as they scrambled to get enough Democrats on board.
House Speaker John Boehner was forced to suspend proceedings in the chamber when he realized he was short, fueling a rancorous Capitol Hill showdown.
Progressive Democrats were furious over a clause buried deep in the 1,603-page bill that rolls back key financial regulations on Wall Street.
Top House Democrat Nancy Pelosi joined the revolt. In a stunning rebuke of Obama on the House floor she blasted as "blackmail" the effort to shred reforms in the so-called Dodd-Frank law that prevent big banks from making risky derivatives trades protected by taxpayer-insured funds.
Pelosi and others argued that the change opens the door to another big bank bailout that rescued foundering financial institutions during the worst of the Great Recession. That, Democrats fear, could lead to a repeat of conditions that fueled the financial crisis of 2007-2008.
Democrats are also angered by a rider which would dramatically expand the amount that wealthy individuals can contribute to political parties -- a move which would undercut campaign finance reforms from 2002.
Senior House Democrat Steve Israel warned that the two provisions were poison pills "that Democrats can't swallow," and said he hoped Boehner would strip them out and start anew.
Ultimately, 57 Democrats joined most Republicans in supporting the measure.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Tata Power  RDIF to explore opportunities in RussiaYou are here: Home > Collections > Energy
Tata Power, RDIF to explore investment opportunities in Russia
PTI Dec 11, 2014, 06.26PM IST
Tags:
Anil Sardana
("RDIF and Tata Power will…)
NEW DELHI: Seeking to strengthen its international footprint, Tata Power, along with Russian sovereign wealth fund RDIF, will explore investment opportunities in the Russian energy sector.
In this regard, the power producer has inked a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Russian Direct Investment Fund (RDIF).
"RDIF and Tata Power will co-operate on identifying and targeting investment opportunities in the energy sector across Russia in order to develop mutually beneficial transactions," Tata Power said in a statement.
The pact has been inked during the visit of Russian President Vladimir Putin .
"The signing of this MoU is a significant milestone for Tata Power and we endeavor to be a significant player in the international energy market," Tata Power CEO and Managing Director Anil Sardana said.
RDIF CEO Kirill Dmitriev said its collaboration with Tata Power would introduce a new, established player into the Russian market.
It would also provide opportunities to leverage the company's expertise in renewable energy production and implementation of large-scale international projects, he added.
Set up in 2011, RDIF makes equity co-investments primarily in Russia.
Already, Tata Power has presence in various international markets, including Indonesia, Singapore, South Africa, Australia and Bhutan, among others.
At present, Tata Power has an installed generation capacity of more than 8,600 MW.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Falling inflation seen improving chances of rate cut by RBIDec 12, 2014, 08.12 AM IST  | Source: Reuters
Falling inflation seen improving chances of rate cut by RBI
Industrial output data, also due out on Friday, was forecast to show a 2.8 percent rise year-on-year in October, up from 2.5 percent in the same month last year
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Falling inflation seen improving chances of rate cut by RBI
Industrial output data, also due out on Friday, was forecast to show a 2.8 percent rise year-on-year in October, up from 2.5 percent in the same month last year
Post your opinion here
 
India's retail inflation probably hit a record low in November thanks to falling prices for oil and food items, building the case for the central bank to lower interest rates early next year.
The government will release the latest consumer price index data later on Friday.
According to forecasts from a Reuters poll of analysts the data is likely to show annual retail inflation eased to 4.5 percent in November, the slowest rate recorded since the data series was first published in 2012.
Industrial output data, also due out on Friday, was forecast to show a 2.8 percent rise year-on-year in October, up from 2.5 percent in the same month last year.
Despite the improvement, it still suggests a lack of momentum in India's recovery from its weakest phase of economic growth since the 1980s.
With growth struggling at 5.3 percent in the July-September quarter, it is likely to be some time before the country recaptures the 8 percent growth levels needed to create enough jobs for a rapidly expanding workforce.
While not as low as China's, India's inflation has come down steeply from over 11 percent in November last year, and it is now lower than other BRIC economies - Brazil, Russia and South Africa.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi swept to power six months ago promising to oversee a revival in an economy suffering a dearth of investment.
He has been helped by a 40 percent fall in global crude prices since July which has brought inflation down, lowered the import bill and reduced government spending on fuel subsidies.
Encouragingly, Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan held out prospects for a cut in the policy interest rate -currently set at 8.0 percent - early next year if inflation trends are favourable and the government controls its fiscal deficit.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, who will present the annual budget in February, told parliament on Wednesday that a rate cut would help the economy, singling out prospects of increased mortgage lending.
"The central bank's focus on the quality of government's fiscal consolidation suggests that a rate cut is unlikely prior to the presentation of the Budget," said Aditi Nayar, an economist at ICRA, the Indian arm of rating agency Moody's.
Inflation will easily undershoot an RBI target of 8 percent by January next year.
While the rate will rise as a favourable base effect unwinds, the RBI still expects inflation in 2015 to hover around 6 percent- its target for January 2016.
The bank says risks to target are evenly balanced.
RELATED NEWS

Goldman Sachs buys 6.50 lakh shares of Dewan HousingDec 12, 2014, 08.25 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Goldman Sachs buys 6.50 lakh shares of Dewan Housing
DB International (Asia) Limited bought 10,30,267 shares of Dewan Housing Finance Corporation at Rs 402.03 and Goldman Sachs Singapore PTE bought 6,50,000 shares at Rs 402.10.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Goldman Sachs buys 6.50 lakh shares of Dewan Housing
DB International (Asia) Limited bought 10,30,267 shares of Dewan Housing Finance Corporation at Rs 402.03 and Goldman Sachs Singapore PTE bought 6,50,000 shares at Rs 402.10.
Post your opinion here
 
On December 11, 2014 Caledonia Investments PLC sold 13,98,467 shares of  Dewan Housing Finance Corporation at Rs 402.07 and Caledonia Investments PLC FDI sold 15,88,148 shares at Rs 402.07 on the BSE.
However, DB International (Asia) Limited bought 10,30,267 shares at Rs 402.03 and Goldman Sachs Singapore PTE bought 6,50,000 shares at Rs 402.10.
On Thursday, Dewan Housing Finance Corporation closed at Rs 403.45, up Rs 12.35, or 3.16 percent.
The share touched its 52-week high Rs 428.30 and 52-week low Rs 161.00 on 18 November, 2014 and 16 December, 2013, respectively.
 

Cartoon of the day: Agra tense over conversion rowmore »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Middle east tour operators on toes after Kalyan youth join Islamic StateDec 12, 2014 at  09:59am IST
West Asia tour operators cautious of giving visas after Kalyan youth join Islamic State
9
0
Mumbai: Ever since the arrest of Areeb Majeed, who along with three of his friends from Kalyan near Mumbai in Maharashtra allegedly joined the Islamic State in Iraq while on a pilgrimage, tour operators in Mumbai have become very cautious.
Visas for Ziyarat in Baghdad has never been difficult to get with around 25-30 lakh people visiting each year. But after Areeb Majeed's arrest many authorised tour operators are turning down men under-30 wanting to go to West Asia.
"This has never happened in the past. We have never seen cases like this in the past. It increases our problems," says Yousuf Ahmed Kherda, Al Khalid, tour operator.
#mumbai #islamic state #tour operators #arib majeed
While the government has not issued any advisory, tour operators have taken the lead to strengthen scrutiny system taking a cue from the Saudi Arabia government's rule of not allowing men under-30 without families to go on a pilgrimage. "We have decided to increase checks on youths wanting to go on such trips. We will not allow them if we find anything suspicious," says Kherda.
Passport is the only document required to obtain visa for Ziyarat, Umrah and Haj. No background check is done by the travel and tour operators. The travel companies arrange for all local needs once the pilgrims reach their destination.
While this process will have at least one wall of scrutiny, operators feel that the government needs to strengthen the vigilance process as they alone won't be able to prevent such cases from occurring once again. Mumbai Police has certainly woken up to the growing threat of online radicalisation of the youth in India.
85

Markets Live: Sensex opens marginally in the greenWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

US House narrowly passes spending bill  averts govt shutdownUS House narrowly passes spending bill, averts govt shutdown
Reuters | Washington Dec 12, 2014 08:55 AM IST
The US House of Representatives narrowly passed a $1.1 trillion spending bill to avert a government shutdown on Thursday less than three hours before a midnight deadline, overcoming strenuous Democratic objections to controversial financial provisions.
Shortly after the 219-206 vote, the House passed a 48-hour extension of funding to keep government offices open while the Senate considers the broader measure.
Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid said the Senate would begin that debate on Friday.
The spending bill was nearly killed earlier on Thursday by a revolt among Democrats over provisions to roll back part of the Dodd-Frank financial reform law and allow more big money political donations.
But President Barack Obama and his administration waged a last-ditch campaign to persuade Democrats to set aside their objections, arguing that if it failed, the party would get a worse spending deal next year when Republicans take control of the Senate and have a stronger House majority.
The effort to save the bill marked a rare moment of teamwork between Obama and House Speaker John Boehner, who simultaneously worked to persuade conservative Republicans to support it.
In the end, 67 Republicans voted against the measure, largely because it failed to take action to stop Obama's executive immigration order. But that was offset by 57 Democrats who voted in favor.
The 1,603-page measure, negotiated by Republican and Democratic appropriators and leaders, drew Democrats' ire when they discovered it would kill planned restrictions on derivatives trading by large banks, allowing them to continue trading swaps and futures in units that benefit from federal deposit insurance and Federal Reserve loans.
If passed by the Senate, the spending bill would provide the Department of Homeland Security with funds through Feb. 27. Republicans intend to deny funding to the agency to carry out Obama's order allowing millions of undocumented immigrants to stay and work in the United States.

Buy OnMobile Global  advises Rajat BoseLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy OnMobile Global, advises Rajat Bose
Rajat Bose of rajatkbose.com recommends buying OnMobile Global as the stock may test Rs 77-79.
Post your opinion here
08:00 am
Rajat Bose of rajatkbose.com told CNBC-TV18, "Technically OnMobile Global  is a buy and the resistance from a technical point of view is at Rs 79 and a major support is around Rs 65. So my stoploss would be Rs 64.50 and the target would be Rs 77 and Rs 79."
He further added, "The stock has given a major buy signal even on the medium-term charts. So this suggests that it is not Rs 79 or Rs 86 that is on the cards, even on a medium-term basis you can get 50-100 percent appreciation from the current level in the stock if you are willing to hold patiently."
At 09:20 hrs OnMobile Global was quoting at Rs 72.60, up Rs 3.45, or 4.99 percent. It has touched an intraday high of Rs 72.60 and an intraday low of Rs 72.
RELATED NEWS

Nifty to go higher if 8282 level is sustained today: ExpertIn an interview to CNBC-TV18 Rajat Bose of Rajatkbose.com shares his views on the market and his preferred bets going ahead. 
Below is verbatim transcript of his interview:  
Q: What are the Nifty charts saying, the global cues are looking positive but four out of the last five days have been down days?
A: There is a possibility of somewhat better opening, 10-15 points going by the indications given by SGX Nifty. There are two important things, one is this move from 7,723.85 on October 17 to September 4 high of 8,626.95, and this is a 903.10 point move.
The 38.2 percent retracement which is a Fibonacci level and which is a normal retracement level for any kind of upmove is at 8,282. So that level would be very crucial today if the index sustains above that then you expect higher levels.
Resistance comes in at 8,339 to about 8,347 and major resistance as you go close to 8,400 if at all then there is likely to be some supply pressure and the support would be coming in at 8,268 and 8,240.
Around 8,240, if broken, there was a gap in the Nifty between 8,198 to about 8,181 that was October 30 and October 31, that gap might well be filled but I hope that this 38.2 percent retracement will hold.
Q: You have a couple of stocks and one is in the news for a buyback, OnMobile Global , you would buy that technically too?
A: Yes, technically it is a buy and the resistance from a technical point of view is at Rs 79 and a major support is around Rs 65. So my stop loss would be Rs 64.50 and the target would be Rs 77 and 79.
I would like to highlight one thing here. This stock has given a major buy signal even on the medium-term charts. So this suggests that it is not Rs 79 or Rs 86 that is on the cards, even on a medium-term basis you can get 50-100 percent appreciation from the current levels in the stocks if you are willing to hold patiently for this stock.
Q:  Wockhardt stood out bravely in the green yesterday when everything was falling like ninepins, further buy signals?
A: Yes, Wockhardt is a second stock that I would like to recommend. Wockhardt also not just on the end of the daily chart, it has stood out valiantly holding the wicket but it is also looking very good from a medium-term point of view.
The medium-term charts are also very positive but I would like to issue a positional trade recommendation, stop loss below Rs 1,034 on closing price basis and Rs 1,079 and Rs 1,094 are the two targets I have chosen.
Maximum two-three trading sessions could be needed to achieve this target but this stock has a long way to go that is the indication I am getting from a medium-term charts.
Q: Can you give us any idea of where you see charts like  Infosys or  ICICI Bank headed? We saw some delivery base selling yesterday in these stocks?
A: Infosys has experienced delivery based selling and in today’s session there is a likelihood of bearish moving average crossover and that might take it down to its immediate support around Rs 1,830.
If Rs 1,830 to about Rs 1,785 support area gets broken then Infosys might well hit Rs 1,700 as well and these are sharp fall and with heavy volume, so chances are that if at all it tries to move up again there will be some selling.
ICICI Bank is also showing weakness but not as much as Infosys. However, wait for today’s session. If it were to maintain above Rs 350 then do not take a short position or do not sell this because this is just going for a course correction, it may come down to Rs 340 but that would be a buying opportunity for this stock again.
RELATED NEWS

Sensex up 42 points; capital goods stocks gainSensex up 42 points; capital goods stocks gain
PM Modi congratulates Mauritian counterpart on winning electionsPM Modi congratulates Mauritian counterpart on winning elections
Sensex Edges Up as IT Stocks Gain After 8 SessionsSensex Edges Up as IT Stocks Gain After 8 Sessions
India does not have much time to push reforms: S pore MinIndia does not have much time to push reforms: S pore Min
Here s the brilliant challenge Steve Jobs posed to employees during product meetingsHere s the brilliant challenge Steve Jobs posed to employees during product meetings
US Pulls up India over Crimean Leader s Visit with Putin Month Ahead of Obama sUS Pulls up India over Crimean Leader s Visit with Putin Month Ahead of Obama s
Xiaomi confirms sales have been suspended in IndiaXiaomi confirms sales have been suspended in India
Nifty giving buying opportunities; like PSU banks: ChokseyNifty giving buying opportunities; like PSU banks: Choksey
Gold jumps by Rs 650  silver by Rs 1 600 on seasonalbuyingCommodities see longest losing streak in 23 years
Gold prices today soared by Rs 650 to Rs 27,470 per ten gram in the bullion market here on strong seasonal demand and firm trends in global markets.
Silver also rose sharply by Rs 1,600 to Rs 38,400 per kg on increased offtake by industrial units and coin makers.
A fall in rupee value against the US dollar and increased buying by jewellers and retailers amid ongoing wedding season lifted prices of the precious metal, bullion traders said. A cheaper rupee makes imports of the metal costlier.
The rupee was trading weak at 62.05 against the US dollar at the forex market.
Gold surged over USD 28 to a six-week high of USD 1,238.32 an ounce in New York yesterday as weakening of the dollar and retreat in global equities raised demand for the bullion as an alternative investment.
Silver also surged 5.2 per cent to USD 17.12 an ounce in New York yesterday.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity zoomed up by Rs 650 each to Rs 27,470 and Rs 27,270 per ten grams respectively. It had gained Rs 170 yesterday.
Sovereign traded Rs 100 higher at Rs 23,800 per piece of eight gram.
Following gold, silver ready spurted by Rs 1,600 to Rs 38,400 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 1,815 to Rs 38,615 per kg.
Silver coins shot up by Rs 1,000 to Rs 63,000 for buying and Rs 64,000 for selling of 100 pieces.
Post Comments
More from commodities

Subsidised LPG Now Available in 5-kg CylindersIn a move that will give cooking gas consumer more choice, state oil marketing companies have started selling mini 5-kg LPG cylinders at subsidised rates.
     
Till now, cooking gas (LPG) was available for domestic use in 14.2-kg cylinders. Consumers were entitled to 12 such bottles in a year at subsidised rate of Rs 417 in Delhi.
     
Now the subsidised cooking gas is also available in 5-kg packs, costing Rs 155 per such cylinder in Delhi.
     
Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan told Rajya Sabha today that consumers can avail of 34 cylinders of 5-kg in a year at subsidised rates. Any requirement beyond that would have to be bought at market price of Rs 351 per bottle.
     
Like the 14.2-kg cylinders, the mini subsidised packs are available at the regular LPG dealer or distributors. 5-kg LPG cylinders are available at select petrol pumps but at market price of Rs 351.
     
"Public sector oil marketing companies (OMCs) have reported that they are already marketing subsidised 5-kg cylinders up to 34 cylinders in a year per connection. Consumption beyond 34 cylinders in a year is at non-subsidised rate," he told Rajya Sabha in a written reply to a question.
     
The mini-LPG cylinder gives an option to people with small income to buy a refill at subsidised rate without having to shell out large sum of money.
     
Households now have the option to buy 12 cylinders of 14.2-kg each at subsidised rate in a year or 34 bottles of 5-kg each at the below-market price per annum. Any requirement beyond that is to be met through purchase of cooking gas at market price - Rs 752 per 14.2-kg cylinder and Rs 351 per 5-kg bottle.
Story first published on: December 10, 2014 18:06 (IST)

UN Expert Calls For Prosecution Over U.S. TortureUN Expert Calls For Prosecution Over U.S. Torture
 |  By                                                                      JOHN HEILPRIN
reddit
GENEVA (AP) — All senior U.S. officials and CIA agents who authorized or carried out torture like waterboarding as part of former President George W. Bush's national security policy must be prosecuted, top U.N. officials said Wednesday.
It's not clear, however, how human rights officials think these prosecutions will take place, since the Justice Department has declined to prosecute and the U.S. is not a member of the International Criminal Court.
Zeid Raad al-Hussein, the U.N. high commissioner for human rights, said it's "crystal clear" under international law that the United States, which ratified the U.N. Convention Against Torture in 1994, now has an obligation to ensure accountability.
"In all countries, if someone commits murder, they are prosecuted and jailed. If they commit rape or armed robbery, they are prosecuted and jailed. If they order, enable or commit torture — recognized as a serious international crime — they cannot simply be granted impunity because of political expediency," he said.
U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon hopes the U.S. Senate Intelligence Committee report on the CIA's harsh interrogation techniques at secret overseas facilities is the "start of a process" toward prosecutions, because the "prohibition against torture is absolute," Ban's spokesman said.
Ben Emmerson, the U.N.'s special rapporteur on counterterrorism and human rights, said the report released Tuesday shows "there was a clear policy orchestrated at a high level within the Bush administration, which allowed (it) to commit systematic crimes and gross violations of international human rights law."
He said international law prohibits granting immunity to public officials who allow the use of torture, and this applies not just to the actual perpetrators but also to those who plan and authorize torture.
"The fact that the policies revealed in this report were authorized at a high level within the U.S. government provides no excuse whatsoever. Indeed, it reinforces the need for criminal accountability," Emmerson said.
Human Rights Watch executive director Kenneth Roth echoed those comments, saying "unless this important truth-telling process leads to the prosecution of officials, torture will remain a 'policy option' for future presidents."
The report said that in addition to waterboarding, the U.S. tactics included slamming detainees against walls, confining them to small boxes, keeping them isolated for prolonged periods and threatening them with death.
However, a Justice Department official said Wednesday the department did not intend to revisit its decision to not prosecute anyone for the interrogation methods. The official said the department had reviewed the committee's report and did not find any new information that would cause the investigation to be reopened.
"Our inquiry was limited to a determination of whether prosecutable offenses were committed," the official said on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss an investigation. "Importantly, our investigation was not intended to answer the broader questions regarding the propriety of the examined conduct."
The United States is also not part of the International Criminal Court, which began operating in 2002 to ensure that those responsible for the most heinous crimes could be brought to justice. That court steps in only when countries are unwilling or unable to dispense justice themselves for genocide, crimes against humanity or war crimes. The case could be referred to the ICC by the U.N. Security Council, but the United States holds veto power there.
In one U.S. case mentioned in the report, suspected extremist Gul Rahman was interrogated in late 2002 at a CIA detention facility in Afghanistan called "COBALT" in the report. There, he was shackled to a wall in his cell and forced to rest on a bare concrete floor in only a sweatshirt. He died the next day. A CIA review and autopsy found he died of hypothermia.
Justice Department investigations into his death and another death of a CIA detainee resulted in no charges.
President Barack Obama said the interrogation techniques "did significant damage to America's standing in the world and made it harder to pursue our interests with allies." CIA Director John Brennan said the agency made mistakes and learned from them, but insisted the coercive techniques produced intelligence "that helped thwart attack plans, capture terrorists and save lives."
The Senate investigation, however, found no evidence the interrogations stopped imminent plots.
European Union spokeswoman Catherine Ray emphasized Wednesday that the Obama administration has worked since 2009 to see that torture is not used anymore but said it is "a commitment that should be enshrined in law."
German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier was quoted as telling the Bild daily that Obama had clearly broken with Bush policies and, as a result, Washington's "new openness to admitting mistakes and promising publicly that something like this will never happen again is an important step, which we welcome."
"What was deemed right and done back then in the fight against Islamic terrorism was unacceptable and a serious mistake," Steinmeier said. "Such a crass violation of free and democratic values must not be repeated."
Bush approved the program through a covert finding in 2002 but wasn't briefed by the CIA on the details until 2006. Obama banned waterboarding, weeks of sleep deprivation and other tactics, yet other aspects of Bush's national security policies remain, most notably the U.S. detention center at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and sweeping government surveillance programs.
U.S. officials have been tried in absentia overseas before.
Earlier this year, Italy's highest court upheld guilty verdicts against the CIA's former Rome station chief Jeff Castelli and two others identified as CIA agents in the 2003 extraordinary rendition kidnapping of an Egyptian terror suspect. The decision was the only prosecution to date against the Bush administration's practice of abducting terror suspects and moving them to third countries that permitted torture.
All three had been acquitted in the original trial due to diplomatic immunity. They were among 26 Americans, mostly CIA agents, found guilty in absentia of kidnapping Milan cleric Osama Moustafa Hassan Nasr from a Milan street on Feb. 17, 2003.
In Geneva last month, a U.N. anti-torture panel said the U.S. government is falling short of full compliance with the international anti-torture treaty. It criticized U.S. interrogation procedures during the Bush administration and called on the U.S. government to abolish the use of techniques that rely on sleep or sensory deprivation.
The word "torture," meanwhile, wasn't mentioned in U.S. Ambassador Samantha Power's statement Wednesday for Human Rights Day in which she criticized countries including North Korea and South Sudan.
___
Eric Tucker in Washington and Cara Anna at the United Nations contributed to this report.
More:

India will see 5.9% growth in 2015  6.3% in 2016: UN reportIndia manufacturing activity expands to 2-year high as orders surge; PMI at 54.5 in Dec
India’s economic growth is expected to improve to 6.3 per cent in 2016 with the country leading economic recovery in South Asia, according to a United Nations report.
The UN World Economic Situation and Prospects 2015 (WESP) report, launched here on Wednesday, also said India is likely to make progress in implementing economic policy reforms and help provide support to business and consumer confidence.
It said global economic growth is forecast to continue increasing over the next two years, despite legacies from the financial crisis continuing to weigh on growth, and the emergence of new challenges, including geopolitical conflicts such as in Ukraine, and the Ebola outbreak in West Africa.
The global economy is expected to grow 3.1 per cent in 2015 and 3.3 per cent in 2016, compared with an estimated growth of 2.6 per cent for 2014, when the pace of expansion has been moderate and uneven.
It said India, which is estimated to record a 5.4 per cent economic growth in 2014, will see GDP growth improving to 5.9 per cent next year and 6.3 per cent in 2016.
Economic growth in South Asia is also set to gradually pick up from an estimated 4.9 per cent in 2014 to 5.4 per cent in 2015 and 5.7 per cent in 2016.
“While the recovery will be led by India, which accounts for about 70 per cent of regional output, other economies such as Bangladesh and Iran are also projected to see stronger growth in the forecast period,” the report said.
The about six per cent growth projected for India in 2016 will be the highest since the 2008-2011 period when it had grown at about 7.3 per cent.
Economic growth had slowed to 4.7 per cent in 2012, according to the UN report.
During 2014, East Asia, including China, managed to register relatively robust growth, while India led South Asia to a moderate strengthening.
Developing countries as a group are expected to grow at 4.8 per cent in 2015 and 5.1 per cent in 2016, up from the 4.3 per cent estimated for 2014.
The report added that along with robust external demand, growth is expected to be underpinned by a moderate strengthening of domestic consumption and investment as countries benefit from improved macroeconomic conditions.
“Several countries, notably India, are likely to make progress in implementing economic policy reforms, thus providing support to business and consumer confidence,” it said.
Post Comments
More from economy

T-Series  new PDA phones Jazz TP101  Jazz TP106 blend  superior  features with pocket friendly priceEntertainment company T-Series has ventured into the mobile handset space in association with Shachii Gizmo under the brand of T-Series Mobiles to launch PDA phones Jazz TP101 and Jazz TP106 at a ‘pocket friendly price’.
The phones offer a host of specifications at an affordable price point of Rs 2,099.
Both the PDA phone are 3.5 inch with 320X480 pixel display and expandable memory of up to 32 GB.
Jazz TP101 and Jazz TP106 have a QWERTY keypad and they also offer a battery life of 5 hours and a standby talk time of 48 hours.
The two variants offer a choice of dimensions to the discerning buyer too. While the Jazz TP101 is available in 115X64X12.5 mm while the Jazz TP106 is available in 108X45X15 mm.
The camera resolution of both models is 0.3 MP and the display size is 3.5 inches with a resolution of 320X480 pixels.
Both phones offer an expandable memory of up to 32 GB along with multimedia features like pre-installed WhatsApp, FM Radio, MMS facility and an MP3 Player.
The connectivity options in the Jazz TP101 and TP106 offer them an edge as they are equipped with Bluetooth, a USB Connector, GPRS and WAP.
The PDA handsets come with a one year warranty.
 
Post Comments
More from industry

Facebook building artificial intelligence tool to keep you from uploading embarrassing photosTata Motors sales up 10 pct in December
Facebook is building an artificial intelligence tool that would warn people when they are about to do something they might regret later such as uploading an embarrassing photo on the social networking site.
Yann LeCun, who heads the Facebook Artificial Intelligence Research (Fair) lab, and his team are now laying the basic groundwork for the tool.
LeCun wants to build a kind of Facebook digital assistant that will recognise when you are uploading an embarrassing photo from a late-night party.
In a virtual way, LeCun said, this assistant would tap you on the shoulder and say: “Uh, this is being posted publicly. Are you sure you want your boss and your mother to see this?”
Such a tool would rely on image recognition technology that can distinguish between your drunken self and your sober self, ‘Wired’ reported.
The larger aim, LeCun said, is to create things like the digital assistant that can closely analyse not only photos but all sorts of other stuff posted to Facebook.
“You need a machine to really understand content and understand people and be able to hold all that data,” he said.
LeCun’s Facebook lab has already developed algorithms that examine a user’s overall Facebook behaviour in an effort to identify the right content for their news feed – content they are likely to click on – and they will soon analyse the text users type into status posts, automatically suggesting relevant hashtags.
LeCun and his team are also looking towards AI systems that can understand Facebook data in more complex ways.
“Imagine that you had an intelligent digital assistant which would mediate your interaction with your friends and also with content on Facebook,” LeCun said.
LeCun also envisions a Facebook that instantly notifies you when someone you don’t know posts your photo to the social network without your approval.
Post Comments
More from industry

Bharti Infratel shares surge on telecom spectrum auctionBharti Infratel shares surge 6 per cent on hopes from telecom spectrum auction
Abhishek Vishnoi     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 11, 2014  | 19:29 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Bharti Infratel shares surged over 6 per cent on the National Stock Exchange (NSE) on Thursday on hopes that the 3G spectrum rollouts will increase tenancies.
The telecom tower company's stock rose as much as 12.7 per cent to mark a record high at Rs 371.90 on the domestic bourses .
Analysts say that Bharti Infratel's will gain from mega-spectrum auction as it will accelerate data-network rollouts by all operators.
"Current 2100 mhz band is less efficient for 3G services, one should expect operators to increase their presence via Bharti Infratel's towers," an analyst tracking the sector said.
The Bharti Infratel scrip was trading at Rs 350 a piece, up 19.55 points (or 5.92 per cent) on the Bombay Stock Exchange in afternoon trade.
Meanwhile, on the NSE, the stock was trading at Rs 350.05 per share, up 19.95 points (or 6.04 per cent).
(Reuters)

PM Narendra Modi s intervention sought for securing release of 24 fishermenBy: Press Trust of India | Chennai |
Posted: December 11, 2014 2:47 pm
The Tamil Nadu government on Thursday sought the intervention of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to immediately secure the release of 24 Indian fishermen from the state, who were captured by Bangladeshi authorities recently.
The 24 fishermen had gone for deep sea fishing in three boats from Bettuagad near Kolkata in West Bengal on November 17 and were arrested by Bangladesh Navy for allegedly crossing the International Maritime Boundary Line on December 9, Chief Minister O Panneerselvam said.
In a letter to the Prime Minister, he said the ‘innocent fishermen’ were the sole breadwinners of their families and that their arrest and detention will severely affect their dependents.
Panneerselvam urged Modi to direct officials of External Affairs Ministry to coordinate with the Indian High Commission in Dhaka “and intervene at the diplomatic level to secure the immediate release of these 24 poor fishermen from Tamil Nadu.”

Hong Kong police arrest pro-democracy protesters in main campBy: Associated Press | Hong Kong |
Posted: December 11, 2014 3:17 pm | Updated: December 11, 2014 3:22 pm
Hong Kong police on Thursday took away demonstrators who refused to leave the main pro-democracy protest camp and tore down their tents in a final push to retake streets occupied by activists for two and a half months.
The first person arrested was carried away by four officers by her arms and legs.
The students and other activists have been protesting Beijing’s restrictions on the first election for Hong Kong’s leader, though the movement’s momentum has been fading in recent weeks.
Many protesters had heeded police warnings to leave the protest zone in Hong Kong’s city center, but dozens of students, pro-democracy lawmakers and others, including middle-aged and elderly supporters, remained Thursday afternoon. The students at the front lay down and locked arms.
Earlier Thursday, workers carrying out a court order removed barricades on the edge of the protest site before officers moved in and dismantled tents. They had warned protesters that they faced arrest if they did not leave.
“I think the spirit of the movement still lives, but the idea of occupying streets is over,” said student Andrew Chan, 20, as he left the site. “We can’t even get a big crowd to come out today to fight the police clearing the site.”
Tents and canopies that had housed water and other supplies for the protesters lay in heaps among discarded newspapers, flip-flops, cardboard boxes and umbrellas, which became a symbol of the protest movement after students used them to deflect police pepper spray.
Workers clear barricades at the occupied area outside government headquarters in Hong Kong on Thursday (Source: AP)
One of the student leaders, Alex Chow, had rallied the crowds as the police approached, saying their fight was not over and they would find other ways to press forward in the days to come.
The protesters reject Beijing’s restrictions on the first election for the city’s top leader, scheduled for 2017, but have failed to win any concessions from Hong Kong’s government.
The sprawling encampment in Hong Kong’s Admiralty section, on the edge of the financial district, has been the focal point for the protesters, who have occupied the site for 75 days.
As the clear-out neared, protesters chanted “I want universal suffrage” and tossed pieces of paper that read “We will be back.”
In addition to hundreds of journalists at the scene, a group of about 30 academics was monitoring the police operation, as were the Independent Police Complaints Council and human rights groups.
On Sept. 28 police fired dozens of tear gas rounds at thousands of protesters gathering in the area angry over the prolonged detention of student leaders. The move infuriated protesters and the wider public and kick-started the student-led protest movement, which came to include two other protest sites in Hong Kong.
Hong Kong authorities started clearing barricades Thursday from a pro-democracy protest camp spread across a busy highway as part of a final push to retake streets occupied by activists for two and a half months. (Source: AP)
Police say 655 people have been arrested over the past 2 months, and that 129 officers were injured. They have given no overall injury toll.
A separate court order led to the clearing of the Mong Kok protest site in late November. That operation and ensuing nighttime clashes in the gritty neighborhood’s surrounding streets resulted in about 160 arrests.
On the eve of Thursday’s action to clear the Admiralty area, thousands of protesters and supporters streamed into the site for one last night of the “Umbrella Movement.”
Two student groups that played key roles in organizing the protests had called for supporters to stay until the last moment, but not to resist authorities.
“If the government wants to use police to clear the site, don’t forget, the clearance can’t resolve political conflicts, it can’t resolve society’s dilemma,” said Joshua Wong, the 18-year-old head of the Scholarism group and the pro-democracy movement’s most prominent leader.
I think the spirit of the movement still lives, but the idea of occupying streets is over - Andrew Chan

Sensex closes at 6-week low  oil explorers fallSensex falls to 6-week low, oil explorers lead decline
Dipika Lalwani     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 11, 2014  | 16:44 IST
The BSE Sensex fell on Thursday for a fourth session in five, with oil explorers leading the decline as global crude prices continued their recent tumble, while blue chips such as Infosys fell on profit-taking.
The benchmark BSE Sensex provisionally fell 0.8 per cent, while the broader Nifty ended 0.7 per cent lower.
Shares in Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC.NS) closed down 3.02 per cent, while Reliance Industries Ltd  and Gail (India) fell 2.85 per cent each. 
(Reuters)

Indian companies to buy $2.1 bn diamonds from RussiaIndian companies ink pact to buy $2.1 bn diamonds from Russia
IANS     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 11, 2014  | 19:27 IST
Photo: AP
In a bid to create alternative import sources of rough diamonds for the Indian cutting and polishing industry, Russia's state-led Alrosa mining group has entered into direct selling agreements with 12 diamantaires for supplies worth $2.1 billion over three years.
Some of the top Indian exporters of cut and polished diamonds will benefit from the deal that is expected to create an alternative source of roughs for India, which is the world's largest hub for this industry, accounting for nearly 80 per cent of volume, officials said.
Russia is the top producer of roughs and Alrosa controls around 27 percent of global trade.
The agreements were signed coinciding with Russian President Vladimir Putin's visit in India for the 15th India-Russia Annual Summit, during which he and Prime Minister Narendra Modi also attended the World Diamond Conference.
"We are looking at steady supply of rough diamonds to India. Alrosa has decided to have 12 direct sales agreement with India companies," said Siddharth, Director General of Supplies and Disposals, the nodal government agency for procurements.
"This deal is worth $700 million per year for three years," said Siddharth, who uses one name.
Normally, the way deals in the global rough diamonds industry work is once a definite contract is signed, the buyers have to lift the specified value of consignment each year, irrespective of the fluctuations in prices, demand and supply.
India imported 163.11 million carats of rough diamonds worth $16.34 billion in 2013 and exported 36.46 million carats of polished diamonds valued at $20.23 billion. The bulk of the supplies came from the Antwerp-based De Beers, which is said to control some 40 percent of global roughs trade.
The companies that will benefit from the latest deal are Rosy Blue, Diamond India, Hari Krishna Exports, Dimexon Diamonds, Jasani Group, Asian Star, Kiran Gems, KGK Diamonds, Shri Ramkrishna Exports, Venus Jewel, Karp Group, and Sheetal Group.
Andrey Polyakov, vice-president of Alrosa, said: "Diamond business is sensitive. The main thing is to raise consumption in India and China."
It is estimated that by the end of this decade India and China together will consume 40 per cent of global diamond market and will become at par with the US, which is now leading the market.
The total amount of gems and jewellery exported from India in 2013-14 was worth $39 billion, of which $24 billion were diamond.

Rupee plunges 31 paise to close at 10-month lowForex update: Rupee plunges 31 paise to 10-month low of 62.33 against dollar
Neha Dasgupta     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 11, 2014  | 19:59 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The rupee on Thursday plunged 31 paise to a ten-month low of 62.33 versus the Greenback on strong demand for the US dollar due to oil firms stepping up purchases of crude oil trading near 5-year lows and a weak trend in shares.
Concerns related to capital outflows and a strong dollar in overseas markets against other currencies like the Japanese Yen too weighed on the rupee, a forex dealer said.
Logging its fourth consecutive session of decline, the domestic unit has now shed 56 paise against the US dollar.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the rupee resumed lower at 62.15 a dollar from its Wednesday's close of 62.02 and immediately the intra-day high of 62.12.
However, weakness in the domestic equity market throughout the day put pressure on the domestic currency.
The rupee gradually declined to a low of 62.3575 before ending at 62.33, logging a fall of 31 paise.
This is the currency's weakest close since February, 2014.
In terms of single-session fall, Thursday's 31-paise slide is its biggest drop against the US dollar since October 16, when it had slumped by 42 paise.
The American unit got a lift against the rupee as unwinding of the Yen and Euro carry trades triggered a sell-off in local equities.
"The sell-off global equity market has spilled over into Indian shores as well. As a result, we have seen buying of US Dollars... Over the past two sessions. There was demand noted from a few PSUs," said Anindya Banerjee, Currency Analyst, Kotak Securities.
Meanwhile, the benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) index Sensex on Thursday , after taking a respite for a day, tumbled by 229.09 points (or 0.82 per cent).
Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) pulled out US $6.92 million on Wednesday, as per data released by market regulator Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi).
The dollar index was up by 0.06 per cent against its six major global rivals.
Pramit Brahmbhatt, Veracity Group CEO said, "Indian Rupee depreciated by half per cent, taking cues from dollar index which is trading multi-year highs. Also, the dollar demand from oil companies dented the rupee movement further. There is caution ahead of consumer price inflation data due tomorrow (Friday)."
The trading range for the spot USD/INR pair is expected to be within 62.00 to 62.70, Brahmbhatt added.

India needs to overcome  white hair syndrome  to innovate: Ratan TataRoche loses patent for osteoporosis drug in India
Tata group’s chairman emeritus Ratan Tata today said Indians have tremendous potential for inventions and innovations but the country needs to overcome its “white hair syndrome” which restricts opportunities.
“I have always really felt India has tremendous potential for inventions and innovations, but we never really had the opportunity because we suffer from the ‘white hair syndrome’. I have white hair (experience) and your idea is never as good as mine,” Tata said at an event where the XPrize organisation launched its India chapter.
Tata said he always visualised that an Indian engineer or an inventor solving global problems.
“An Indian engineer or an inventor could solve a global problem but never had a chance to do that from India, and now this may provide a motivation for that to happen. Your ideas have been so visionary. There have always been things considered technically impossible — artificial eyes, autonomous cars, robots, application of robots, things of this nature,” he said.
“This XPrize really broke that tradition to enable a 20-year old to have a great idea and be recognised on a global level for what he has done, with no limitation on his age or wealth or his name, and makes no limitation on what he chooses to do,” Tata said at the event.
XPrize is a USA-based non-profit organisation, which motivated development of ideas with large prizes, on whose board Tata serves, along with Google founder Larry Page, acclaimed movie maker James Cameron, Arianna Huffington of Huffington Post as well as PayPal co-founder Elon Musk, among others.
“For me, this is an opportunity. You are very receptive to taking XPrize to India and not restricting it to the USA. Why not look at a country like India which I think has enormous capabilities and strength,” Tata said.
Asked about what his dreams are for XPrize India, Tata said, “I think that depends on imagination. What I would like to see is that we give India, and our entrepreneurs, a chance to participate in an area that the US has excelled in, as well as an opportunity to take a chance, to undertake to do something that is considered impossible, and to achieve that in an organised manner with incentives,” Tata said.
“I would hope that one day, XPrize India becomes globally visible as a Nobel Prize and in many ways a Nobel Prize for innovation,” he said.
India has shown its innovation skills in many areas, Tata said.
“In the medical area also, it has been genome sequencing. It has always been something that is not easy to do. Dreams form a spark and you have the satisfaction of converting it into reality,” he said.
Tata said he got attracted to the XPrize as it encouraged to people and faciliated change.
“I was drawn to technological motivation coupled with the physical feat of doing something and not just doing it in a lab, but out in the real world,” he said.
Post Comments
More from companies

Tata Power ties up with Russian fundHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Tata Power ties up with Russian fund
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, December 11:  
Tata Power has signed a memorandum of understanding with Russian Direct Investment Fund (RDIF) to explore investment opportunities in the energy sector.
RDIF was established in June 2011 to make equity investments, primarily in Russia, jointly with international financial and strategic investors.
Based in Moscow, RDIF’s management company is a 100 per cent subsidiary of Vnesheconombank.
The agreement was inked during the state visit of Russian President Vladimir Putin on Thursday.
Joint investments
RDIF and IDFC have also inked a MoU to promote joint investments and each party will provide up to $500 million for the projects.
RDIF and Tata Power will cooperate in identifying and targeting investment opportunities in the energy sector across Russia.
Commenting on the MoU, Kirill Dmitriev, CEO of RDIF, said: “RDIF has identified the energy sector as one of its key priorities for increasing Russia’s economic efficiency and sustainability.
“Our collaboration with Tata Power will not only introduce a new, established player into the Russian market, but will also provide opportunities to leverage Tata Power’s high-class expertise in renewable energy production and implementation of large-scale international projects.”
Anil Sardana, CEO & MD, Tata Power, said: “Tata Power looks forward to working with them to identify opportunities across the energy chain, thereby strengthening India’s relations with Russia.
“The signing of this MoU is a significant milestone for Tata Power and we endeavour to be a significant player in the international energy market.”
(This article was published on December 11, 2014)
Related

Who will gain from Xiaomi s lossWho will gain from Xiaomi's loss?
BS Reporter | New Delhi Dec 12, 2014 12:43 AM IST
Xiaomi, the third-largest smartphone maker in the world, has sold 800,000-900,000 smartphones in India in the past year. While it is still not among the top five in India, its cheap pricing strategy has helped it penetrate the Indian market faster than any of its rivals.
Putting a shadow over its future in India, the Delhi High Court has restrained Xiaomi from selling handsets that run on technology patented by Ericsson in the country. If the order, which came earlier this week, stays effective, then Xiaomi would lose the fastest-growing smartphone market in the world.
The ban on Xiaomi would essentially emerge as an opportunity for Samsung and Motorola, which could improve their market share. Besides, home-grown Micromax, Karbonn and Xolo will also benefit.
BATTERY LOW
If the Delhi HC order stays effective, Xiaomi would lose the fastest growing smartphone market
 
Its flagship device Mi4 was to hit the Indian market late this year, after being a huge success abroad
About 72 million handsets - smartphones plus feature phones - were sold in India in the July-September 2014 quarter, according to IDC. Notably, as much as 70 per cent of the sales comprised feature phones. On Tuesday, during its regular flash sale on Flipkart, 75,000 of the newly-launched Redmi Note phones were sold. Prior to this, the company had sold an estimated 800,000 devices of Redmi 1S and Mi3 through its exclusive partnership with Flipkart. The company's flagship device Mi4, which has been a huge success abroad, is slated to hit the Indian market late this year.
This is not the first time a handset maker has got into a patent tussle with Ericsson. Micromax, India’s second-largest smartphone maker, has gone through a similar dispute. In November, the Delhi HC had asked Micromax to pay one per cent royalty to Ericsson for its patented technologies in its mobile handsets.
While Xiaomi has always received a warm hug from consumers, it has faced challenges as well. In October, Indian Air Force asked its personnel and their families not to buy Xiaomi smartphone because of security concerns. Following this, the company said it would set up a data centre in India to store local user data. Xiaomi also plans to make phones in India in the next couple of years. However, if the ban stays, the company might have to shut shop here.
 

Rs 8 900cr in taxes pending against LIC  SBI  BSNL: PanelDec 12, 2014, 01.54 AM IST  | Source: PTI
Rs 8,900cr in taxes pending against LIC, SBI, BSNL: Panel
The Public Accounts Committee said taxes over Rs 4.08 lakh crore were uncollected in FY 2012 and in FY 2013 the amount was Rs 4.86 lakh crore.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Rs 8,900cr in taxes pending against LIC, SBI, BSNL: Panel
The Public Accounts Committee said taxes over Rs 4.08 lakh crore were uncollected in FY 2012 and in FY 2013 the amount was Rs 4.86 lakh crore.
Post your opinion here
 
Pulling up Revenue Department for its "inefficiency" in tax recovery, a Parliamentary panel has said that nearly Rs 8,900 crore is pending against just three public sector companies, LIC, SBI  and BSNL.
The Public Accounts Committee said taxes over Rs 4.08 lakh crore were uncollected in FY 2012 and in FY 2013 the amount was Rs 4.86 lakh crore.
"Keeping in view the pendency of such cases in various courts for a long period of time, the Committee would reiterate that the Department of Revenue should take concrete measures to realise revenue in a time bound manner by pursuing these cases vigorously.
"The Committee are also constrained to observe that demand of Rs 8,872.94 crore was pending with public sector units such as LIC of India, State Bank of India and Bharat Sanchar Nigam Ltd (BSNL)," said the report presented in Parliament today.
With regard to recovery Rs 7,027.09 crore in the case of LIC, the Department has lost on the major issues in the Income Tax Appellate Tribunal (ITAT), the report added.
"...this only proves the inefficiency of the Department in handling such cases which ultimately quashed at higher fora apart from flawed assessments," it said.
The Committee asked the government to vigorously pursue such cases and suggested hiring special counsels with proven expertise in taxation matters to represent the complex cases in various judicial fora.
Among others, the panel asked the government to widen the tax net and suggested that evaders should be dealt with strictly.
The new tax assessees came down during 2008-09 to 2010-11 and target for addition of new assessees were not achieved during 2007-08 to 2010-11, the panel observed.
"Keeping in view the shortcomings in maintaining the growth of taxpayers, the Committee had urged the government to focus on non-intrusive but penetrating methods of tax collections for being able to widen the tax base and tax evaders should be dealt with strictly," it said.
The Committee has also asked the Department of Revenue to raise the staff strength to widen the tax base.
"...the Committee recommend that the surplus staff may also be redeployed so that the operational efficiency of the Department is maximised." The panel said tax assessees should have been much higher than existed in view of the kind of economic growth. It asked the government to carry out a focused study to increase the number of new assessees.
SBI stock price
On January 02, 2015, State Bank of India closed at Rs 315.25, up Rs 1.30, or 0.41 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 2977.85 and the 52-week low was Rs 287.20.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 15.70 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 20.08. The latest book value of the company is Rs 158.43 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 1.99.
RELATED NEWS

Crisil rates All bad Bank bond issue as low credit riskDec 12, 2014, 01.49 AM IST  | Source: PTI
Crisil rates All'bad Bank bond issue as low credit risk
Instruments with AA+ ratings are considered to have high degree of safety regarding timely servicing of financial obligations and carry very low credit risk.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Crisil rates All'bad Bank bond issue as low credit risk
Instruments with AA+ ratings are considered to have high degree of safety regarding timely servicing of financial obligations and carry very low credit risk.
Post your opinion here
 
Rating agency Crisil has assigned a "low credit risk with negative outlook" rating to Allahabad Bank 's proposed Rs 500 crore tier-II bonds to be raised this fiscal.
"Crisil Ratings has assigned AA+/Negative (double A plus with negative outlook) rating to the bank's proposed Basel-III compliant tier-2 bonds aggregating Rs 500 crore," Allahabad Bank said in a regulatory filing to the BSE.
Instruments with AA+ ratings are considered to have high degree of safety regarding timely servicing of financial obligations and carry very low credit risk.
In November, the bank had said it will raise Basel-III compliant tier-II bonds up to Rs 500 crore through private placement in one or more tranches during 2014-15.
Shares of Allahabad Bank closed 1.68 per cent lower at Rs 129 apiece on the BSE today.
Allahabad Bank stock price
On January 02, 2015, Allahabad Bank closed at Rs 131.90, down Rs 2.2, or 1.64 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 150.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 72.45.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 13.54 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 9.74. The latest book value of the company is Rs 216.68 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 0.61.
RELATED NEWS

Studio Head  Producer Apologize for Jolie  Obama RemarksWelcome to 2015. What just happened? Where did 2014 go? Television personalities Ryan Seacrest and Jenny McCarthy...
John Locher/AP Photo

Putin meets Sonia  ManmohanNEW DELHI, December 12, 2014
Updated: December 12, 2014 03:32 IST
Putin meets Sonia, Manmohan
Russian President Vladimir Putin calls on Congress president Sonia Gandhi in New Delhi on Thursday.
VIDEO
international relations
It was a meeting that the Ministry of External Affairs didn’t list in its advisory on President Putin’s “official itinerary.” Even so, the Russian President set aside time during his one-day visit to meet with the leadership of the Congress party, including party president Sonia Gandhi and former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh.
Ms. Gandhi began the meeting by thanking Mr. Putin for meeting them in “different circumstances,” adding that the Congress “can take a bit of credit” for the “success” of his meeting with Prime Minister Modi, given the close relationship between the two sides during Dr. Singh’s tenure.
Mr. Putin replied that he believed their work together “and all we have done is not in vain, as it has created new opportunities” for India and Russia. The two decided to “improve relations” between the Russian ruling party “United Russia” and the Indian National Congress (INC).
The interaction, to which The Hindu was invited, took place at Mr. Putin’s hotel shortly before he headed to Rashtrapati Bhavan for President Pranab Mukherjee’s banquet. Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi and party spokesperson Anand Sharma were also present.

Uber suspends Delhi operations  says will be back safer  strongerRoche loses patent for osteoporosis drug in India
Almost a week after a 27-year-old woman was allegedly raped by an Uber cab driver, the company sent out an email to all its users in India on Thursday, saying it was in the process of reviewing its security measures.
Uber India has claimed that it is undertaking a “full audit of our verification, rider feedback and support processes”. The email also states that while the review process is on, “we will suspend operations in New Delhi”.
The email by ‘Team Uber India’ said, “We are implementing measures to ensure that critical rider feedback is escalated immediately and immediate action is taken in every instance. We are also re-reviewing rider feedback on every driver partner across India to make sure nothing has been missed.”
The company is also assessing all driver screening processes, it said. “We are evaluating additional screening options to include background checks of all our driver partners in India, above and beyond what is currently required,” the email said.
The company also stated that it will bring in “best global practices where it would enhance our India safety efforts. We will also partner closely with organisations that are championing women’s safety here in New Delhi and around the country”.
Uber has claimed that it is in discussions with the government, transport organisations and safety experts to implement “robust solutions to ensure a safer ride”.
Uber also reached out to the 27-year-old woman and her family. “We are sorry and deeply saddened by what happened over the weekend in New Delhi. Our hearts go out to the victim of this horrible crime. We have been and will continue to do everything in our power to assist the authorities to help bring the perpetrator to justice. The events of this week have made us reflect on our operations in India and we are undertaking a number of important actions… Your support means a lot to us. We will come back better and stronger for the New Delhi community, ready to serve you again,” the email said.
Post Comments
More from companies

#Express5: Uber victim was at India Gate to protest against Dec 16 rape; Poll over  NDA backs what UPA did about LoCbeheadingBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 12, 2014 8:53 am | Updated: December 12, 2014 9:15 am
We recommend that you go through these five stories from The Indian Express before starting your day
1. UBER RAPE VICTIM
 
The woman executive who was allegedly raped by an Uber cab driver in Delhi last weekend was one of the thousands of protesters who demonstrated in the capital against the December 16 gangrape nearly two years ago, her father has revealed.
Uber victim was at India Gate to protest against December 16 rape by Ananya Bhardwaj
2. SOLDIERS AT LoC
“When Pakistan beheaded our soldiers, we fed their PM chicken biryani… The Centre lacks courage.” These words were used by Narendra Modi at an election rally before the Lok Sabha elections to slam the UPA government’s response to the killing of two soldiers-along the LoC in 2013.
Beheading at LoC: Poll over, NDA backs what UPA did reports Utkarsh Anand
3. RAM TEMPLE CONTROVERSY
Uttar Pradesh Governor Ram Naik came out in support of “early construction of Ram temple” in Ayodhya and said it is the desire of the people of the country, which should be fulfilled.
UP Governor says build Ram temple as early as possible by Express News Service
4. OPINION
India of the 21st century, with greater gender equality and lesser deference to caste and communal faultlines, refuses to be policed by laws of the 19th century or by mindsets and tactics that go back even further.
Being SMART, after Uber writes Abhinav Kumar
5. SPORTS
India produced an inspirational performance with a magnificent come-from-behind 4-2 victory over Belgium to set-up a mouth-watering semi-final clash against Pakistan in the Champions Trophy hockey tournament, in Bhubaneshwar on Thursday.

Obama policy on torture difficult to roll b...Barack Obama
(The White House said Obama…)
WASHINGTON: In the wake of growing public debate over CIA's detention and interrogation programme, it would be difficult for future American leadership to roll back the policy on torture enforced by US President Barack Obama , the White House has said.
"I do think that by being so transparent and encouraging and fostering this kind of public debate it will be very difficult if any future commander-in-chief chose to do so to try to roll back this ban that the president's put in place on torture.
"I think that will be very, very difficult for any future president to do," the White House Press Secretary, Josh Earnest, told reporters here yesterday.
At the same time he conceded that there is no guarantee about what a future commander-in-chief may decide.
"But I think the precedent that's been set here, and the public debate that's been set here, makes very clear about the commitment of the people of this country and the government of this country to uphold the values that we hold quite dear, not just because that's the right thing to do, but also because we believe that makes us safer," Earnest said.
Meanwhile the US continued with its outreach with other countries after the release of the CIA report on torture.
"I have spoken to many of my foreign counterparts over the past week to allow them opportunity to prepare for the release of this document in the event that there was going to be any implications for them as a result of either information that was contained in this document and then could be correlated with other information that is out there and which leads the speculation about what their countries, their governments, their services might have done," the CIA Director John Brennan told reporters in a rare news conference.
"I've spoken to many of them, and there was strong concern. There are things that we do with our partner services under our authorities and we have covert action authorities, and covert is something that they were hoping that was going to remain such," he said.
"But what I've told them is that it's important for our partnership to move forward and to strengthen in the years ahead because of the nature of the national security challenges we face, and so I am interested in making sure that we're able to do that," Brennan said.
The White House said Obama has full confidence in Brennan as the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) chief.
"Yes," Earnest said when asked about it. "John Brennan is a dedicated professional who has dedicated his time in public service to protecting the United States of America.
"That makes him a patriot, and it makes him someone who has the full confidence of the President of the United States.
"And the president wakes up every morning pleased to know that John Brennan and the men and women of the CIA are at work, using their skills and expertise to protect the American people," he said.
"The president is pleased to count him as one of the people who has been a senior member of his national security team since the very beginning of his tenure in office, and the president continues to rely on his advice to this day," Earnest said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Delhi High Court orders Xiaomi to suspend smartphone sales in IndiaTata Motors sales up 10 pct in December
An Indian court has ordered Xiaomi Technology Co Ltd to temporarily stop selling its smartphones in India in a case related to patent infringements that telecom equipment maker Ericsson had filed against the Chinese company.
Xiaomi, whose low-priced but feature-rich smartphones have made it the biggest smartphone vendor in China, sells its phones exclusively through online retailer Flipkart.com in India, the world’s third largest smartphone market.
Both Xiaomi and Flipkart.com have been ordered by the Delhi High Court in an order on Wednesday to stop selling the devices until Feb 5, when it is due to hear the case, according to the court documents seen by Reuters.
Xiaomi entered India in July this year and has been a huge hit among customers in a market that has at least 80 different phone makers including Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  and a bunch of home-grown companies.
India is an attractive market for cheap smartphones, as more people are now able to afford a smartphone, often for the first time. Just 10 percent of the India’s population currently owns a smartphone, brokerage Nomura said in a recent research note, and that figure is likely to double over the next four years.
Xiaomi in October became the world’s third-largest maker of  smartphones, just three years after first hitting the market, trailing only Samsung and Apple Inc.
The Delhi High Court also asked both Xiaomi and Flipkart.com to provide details of the devices sold so far in India that are compliant with the 3G, EDGE and AMR technologies and the revenue earned from the sale of the devices.
Ericsson, in a statement, said on Thursday it had to take legal action against Xiaomi in India for using its technology in its smartphone devices without paying it a licensing fee.
“To continue investing in research and enabling the development of new ideas, new standards and new platforms to the industry, we must obtain a fair return on our R&D investments,” the Swedish company said.
The chief of Xiaomi’s India operations told Reuters the company had yet to receive an official notice from the Delhi High Court and that it was willing to work with Ericsson to resolve the issue “amicably”.
“Our legal team is currently evaluating the situation based on the information we have,” said Xiaomi’s Manu Jain. He did not give details about the case.
Flipkart also said it was yet to receive an official notice and would work with Xiaomi and the authorities.
Post Comments
More from industry

Natarajan turbocharged Mindtree s growth in adverse timesStory
Steel beneath softness
Venkatesha Babu      Follow @venkateshababu    Edition: Dec 21, 2014
Krishnakumar Natarajan, MD & CEO, Mindtree | Best CEO: IT/ITES (Mid-sized companies) | (Photo: Nilotpal Baruah)
Amiable, convivial and genial are some of the adjectives used to describe Krishnakumar Natarajan, or KK, the easygoing CEO of Mindtree . In January 2011, though, nothing was going easy for the Bangalore-based IT and outsourcing company, which was co-founded by KK, Ashok Soota, one of Indian IT's grand old man, among others, in 1999. Soota, who was then the Executive Chairman, decided to part ways with Mindtree (KK was the CEO), and there were questions on whether the company would survive, let alone thrive.
Fast forward to 2014, and the company has grown at a compound annual growth rate of 27 per cent in revenues and 65 per cent in profit after tax over the last three years, handsomely beating the industry average and its peers. And if you were savvy enough to bet on the company, when it was hammered in February 2011, it would have given you a 364 per cent return compared to a 55 per cent return for the Bombay Stock Exchange's benchmark Sensex or a 63 per cent return for the more comparable BSE technology index.
About Krishnakumar Natarajan
So, how did KK, 57, manage to turbocharge growth just when the markets had turned negative on his company? For this it is important to understand KK's background. Beneath the ever smiling face is a steely resolve which is deployed when it matters. He realised this when he was in Class X (matriculation), a rite of passage for students in India, which helps them determine their future. An average student in his own words, KK suddenly decided to focus on his studies one day without any goading of his railway doctor father and homemaker mother. When the results came out, he had not only topped his school but also came 12th in Tamil Nadu. "That is when I realised that if I set my mind to something I could achieve it. There was no trigger or push factor. I just felt I wanted to do it and I did it," he says.
When he joined College of Engineering, Guindy, in Tamil Nadu, his love for sports, table tennis and badminton in particular, combined with excellence in academics, meant that he was very popular and was elected president of the college union in his final year. The college, which came under the University of Madras, was later renamed Anna University. This had a deleterious impact on the students who wanted to go abroad to study - the University of Madras brand was well accepted, but Anna's was new. So students requested that for those who had already enrolled, certificates should be issued under the University of Madras moniker, a demand which was refused. When the then President of India was supposed to visit the university, KK called for a strike to have their demand acceded to. The college authorities were forced to oblige. "When required I can take tough decisions. One need not thump the table and raise the voice to be effective," avers KK.
After engineering and an MBA from XLRI, Jamshedpur, KK says he had job offers from Tata Burroughs, HCL and ORG (Operations Research Group), an IT company promoted by Sarabhai family. He chose ORG, but when the promoters did not show much inclination towards the business, Ashok Narasimhan, the man who kickstarted Wipro's IT foray, hired him. KK worked with Wipro from 1982 to 1999 and was responsible for growing the company's e-commerce and financial solutions business. He also served as the HR head of company's IT services division. It was at Wipro that KK met his wife, Akila, who now heads Social Venture Partners.
At Mindtree , KK had to once move against his one-time boss and mentor Soota when strategic differences arose among its founders on where the company should invest its time and resources in. "It was not easy (to go against) Ashok. After all, he was my boss at Wipro and, more than that, somebody whom I respect and like. But in the larger interest of the company and other stakeholders, I had to take some tough decisions and I did," said KK.
After Soota left, Mindtree had to quickly reinvent its strategy to stay relevant. A big part of that move was to focus on select areas and hack through internal layers, to bring the company closer to customers. That meant letting go of a 'long tail' of customers. From about 306 customers, the company pruned the list to around 200. "Some of the customers were too small. We looked at whether there was scope for a long term relationship and if we could scale. Also, another factor was what we would learn from the engagement. If none of the right brackets ticked, we had to let them go and focus on our other customers," said KK.
"I didn't want to load up on debt. There is room for everybody, large, mid and small firms. Mindtree's greatest testament comes from our growing number of satisfied customers"
Instead of competing with large players in all segments head on, Mindtree stressed on areas such as testing and application maintenance, travel, hospitality, among others, where it could hope to emerge as a player of some size and scale.
As Sudin Apte, Research Director and CEO at Offshore Insights, a sourcing advisory firm, says: "It [Mindtree] clearly has made some smart moves, which have paid off. But it has a long way to go. Remember its original promise was to become a $1 billion in revenue company by 2014 and they are just over half of that. Meanwhile, even the goalpost on what constitutes a Tier-II company has moved. Now Tier-I players are $10 billion-plus in revenue and Tier-II are $1 billion-plus in revenue. They are an interesting Tier-III player."
The other nominees: IT/ITES (Mid-sized companies)
Sanchit Vir Gogia, Chief Analyst and CEO at Greyhound Research, says while KK has done a good job of holding the company together and steering it onto a path of high growth, more needs to be done. "It [Mindtree] may compete with a Virtusa (another IT firm of similar size) and win a contract, but the IT outsourcing and offshoring story is fundamentally shifting, and Mindtree needs to invest in emerging areas quickly if it wants to sustain growth and margins. It has to seriously explore larger inorganic growth strategies."
KK, however, feels Mindtree was not in a position to make such large moves when both Satyam Computer and Patni [acquisition] opportunities came up. "I didn't want to load up on debt. There is room for everybody, large, mid and small firms. Mindtree's greatest testament comes from our growing number of satisfied customers."
In a game of table tennis, KK has clearly come back from behind to win a 'set', but whether he can win the match for Mindtree, remains to be seen.

Twin blasts hit Nigerian city Jos  kill at least31By: Associated Press | Nigeria |
Posted: December 12, 2014 9:45 am | Updated: December 12, 2014 10:51 am
Activists said at least 31 people were killed Thursday when twin explosions rocked downtown Jos in central Nigeria in what appears to be the latest attack by Islamic extremists.
The blasts occurred as store owners were shutting their shops and Muslims were preparing for evening prayers.
One blast went off at an outdoor food stand called Mr Bigs and the other at the nearby entrance to the Terminus market in the center of the city, according to witnesses who spoke on condition of anonymity for fear of reprisals.
Soldiers and police said they were ferrying the wounded to hospitals.
Rescue workers had evacuated 31 bodies and operations were continuing, civil rights lawyer Ahmed Garba told The Associated Press. Mark Lipdo of the Stefanos Foundation charity said rescue workers also told him at least 31 people were killed and several were injured, some critically.
In May, twin car bombs in Jos’ Terminus marketplace killed at least 130 people.
Those attacks were blamed on Islamic extremists from the Boko Haram group and were seen as an attempt to ignite fighting between Muslims and Christians. Jos is in Nigeria’s Middle Belt, where the mainly Muslim north and predominantly Christian south meet and violence between the two groups is commonplace.
There was no immediate claim of responsibility for Thursday’s attack but it bore all the signs of Boko Haram.
In northern Kano, Nigeria’s second largest city, police commissioner Aderenle Shinaba told reporters they safely detonated a bomb hidden in a handbag. The bag had been planted Thursday in a supermarket favored by foreigners.
Separately, police in Kano arrested a teenage girl wearing a jacket primed with explosives, according to an officer who spoke on condition of anonymity because he is not authorized to give information to reporters.
Several bombs in recent months have been detonated by female suicide bombers, raising fears that Boko Haram is using some of the hundreds of kidnapped girls and young women for its attacks.
Twin bomb blasts killed at least 102 people at the main mosque in Kano on Nov. 29, when gunmen also shot at people trying to escape.
At least 75 people have been killed in bomb blasts by female suicide bombers in recent weeks in Maiduguri, the northeastern capital of Borno state that is the birthplace of Boko Haram.
The extremist group has taken over several towns and villages along the northeast border with Cameroon, where it has declared an Islamic caliphate.
Thousands of people have died and 1.2 million have been forced from their homes in the 5-year-old insurgency.

JM Financial warrant conversionWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

Pricol to acquire Brazilian firmPricol to acquire Brazilian firm
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 12:  
Pricol said that its board of directors had on Thursday proposed to acquire 99.99 per cent stake in a Brazil-based auto component manufacturing company through its wholly-owned subsidiary in Spain.
Pricol said the acquisition would help to make it enter the Brazilian auto component industry.
The target company in Brazil achieved sales revenues of Rs 301.1 crore in CY 2013.
In a communication to the stock exchanges, Pricol said the acquisition is expected to be completed by the end of January 2015.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

OnMobile Global up 5% as board approves share buybackOnMobile Global up 5% as board approves share buyback
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 12, 2014 09:21 AM IST
OnMobile Global is locked in upper circuit of 5% at Rs 72.60 on BSE after the company said its board approved the buyback of equity shares of the company at a price not exceeding Rs 86 per share.
“The board of directors of the company at its meeting held on December 11, 2014, has decided on Buy-Back of Company’s equity shares of Rs 10 each from open market through stock exchange mechanism, at a price not exceeding Rs 86 per equity share payable in cash for an aggregate amount not exceeding Rs 49 crore,” OnMobile Global said in a statement.
At 0917 hours, a combined 530,014 shares changed hands and there are pending buy orders for 686,742 shares on BSE and NSE.
 

Oil prices struggle after WTI sinks below $60Oil prices struggle after WTI sinks below $60
AFP/PTI | Singapore Dec 12, 2014 08:40 AM IST
Oil prices sank further in Asia today, with analysts warning of little respite from the the selling after plunging more than 40% since June.
US benchmark West Texas Intermediate (WTI) for January deliver was down 86 cents at $59.09 in mid-morning trade. The contract closed below the psychological $60 mark for the first time since July 2009 yesterday. Brent crude was down 52 cents at $63.16.
"There just doesn't seem to be any relief for oil prices at the moment," Michael McCarthy, chief market strategist at CMC Markets in Sydney, told AFP.
"The bearish sentiment is unlikely to change until the end of the year unless we see a significant drop in global production levels or a supply disruption," he said.
WTI and Brent prices have fallen precipitously since hitting 2014 peaks of $106 and $115 respectively in June.
The drop has been attributed to slowing growth in China and emerging-market economies, a recession in Japan and a near-stall in the eurozone.
On top of that, OPEC last month said it would maintain output levels despite ample global supplies, in part due to cheaper oil extracted from North American shale rock.
McCarthy said at levels below $60, prices falls are likely to face 'more resistance than at the moment'.
Analysts said the crude market had largely ignored data showing a healthy rise in US retail sales in November that raised hopes about consumer demand in the world's largest economy.

Troubles galore for SpiceJet  with lessons for IndiGoTroubles galore for SpiceJet, with lessons for IndiGo
Anjuli Bhargava | New Delhi Dec 12, 2014 12:42 AM IST
Things seem to be coming to a head for low-cost airline SpiceJet. The Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) has restricted its forward bookings to a month; this means the airline, which has been using advance money from future flights today, to fly the next day, cannot raise the amount it needs to keep flying.
The Airports Authority of India (AAI) has time and again threatened to put it on cash-and-carry; this would again mean it needs a daily cash flow. Pilots and staff are jittery and are said to be looking at FlyDubai, Etihad and Qatar to offer them jobs. There is clearly no knight in shining armour with a bagful of money; the airline’s claim that it has an investor willing to come on board — rumours have been doing the rounds for almost a year now — has so far proved incorrect.
Industry sources estimate promoter Kalanithi Maran would need to invest or bring an investment of at least Rs 1,500 crore almost immediately to stabilise the airline. Close to 6,000 employees can see their future bleak— and it does not look good. Sources say 18 of the airline’s 22 Boeings and 13 of its 15 Q400s are flying at present.
SpiceJet’s predicament has come at the time when Jet Airways has changed its strategy and seems less focused on the domestic market. GoAir remains a relatively small player in the sector (with only 19 aircraft, though it was launched a year before IndiGo, which now has around 100 planes). And, Air India needs to put its act together. In order words, IndiGo, already ruling the Indian skies, appears poised to monopolise the market, with no counterbalance.
Even if there are potentially serious rivals waiting in the wings — Vistara, for one — IndiGo has almost a 100-aircraft lead, and it will take a substantial amount of time for anyone to catch up. Already, IndiGo has been in a position to charge higher fares than rivals, as it becomes apparent that fliers have few options. It is IndiGo that offers the most frequent flights from most cities; and with SpiceJet tottering the way it is at present, the former might soon remain the only option. Passengers are now arguing they would rather pay a small premium for IndiGo and ensure they reached their destination, rather than taking the risk of having their flights cancelled (SpiceJet’s flight cancellations have become quite frequent of late).
Amid this virtual monopoly, the onus is now on IndiGo to ensure fares remain reasonable and complacency does not creep into its operations, as employees realise they are providing, arguably, the only option.
Airlines that attain a certain size usually find managing their staff harder. In the case of IndiGo, there have been instances — though few and far in between — of passengers complaining about a dilution in its customer-oriented approach. In general, passengers seem clear IndiGo is their preferred choice today, and the service offered is efficient and reliable, even if somewhat impersonal.
IndiGo President Aditya Ghosh says the absolute number of complaints the airline receives could be higher than others, as it carries the largest numbers of passengers. By ratio, Ghosh claims, IndiGo has the smallest number of complaints — on lost baggage, cancellations or passenger grievances.
An industry veteran and a former IndiGo employee, who does not wish to be named, says the airline’s handling of pilots — he calls it IndiGo’s Achilles’ heel — has always been surprisingly poor, and managing scale becomes a challenge, especially when most airlines do it well till they attain a certain size.
He also argues, when an airline grows and achieves success, it often gets caught in peripheral issues — profits, ancillary revenues, awards, trying to be the best place to work and so on — and loses sight of its core, the passenger. He warns IndiGo, like several others in the past globally, could fall prey to this if it does not watch out.
If IndiGo’s dominance proves to be a negative for the flying public and the sector in general, foreign leasing companies, already wary of Indian companies after the Kingfisher Airlines fiasco, are likely to further tighten the terms for Indian carriers. Leasing conditions and rates are likely to go up sharply, since such issues are now becoming a pattern with Indian carriers. According to Saj Ahmad, chief analyst at UK-headquartered StrategicAeroResearch.com, “if SpiceJet does not survive, leasing firms will be very hesitant about doing business with other Indian carriers. Whether people admit or not, Indian airlines and the wider Indian aviation market is wholly toxic. So, foreign direct investment is virtually dead; this is also why Kingfisher failed”.

Thanks to IRCTC  stations may soon get CCD  Pizza Hut & othersYou are here: Home > Collections > Irctc
IRCTC in talks with Cafe Coffee Day, Pizza Hut and others to open eateries at stations
Tasmayee Laha Roy, ET Bureau Dec 12, 2014, 07.13AM IST
Tags:
Hotels
(We would also add another…)
KOLKATA: Come 2015, and your wait in a railway station isn't going to be all that disappointing, especially if you are hungry. IRCTC in its effort to offer better fare at stations is talking to Cafe Coffee Day, Pizza Hut, Barista Coffee, Subway and Jumboking Vadapav, urging them to open eateries at stations.
In doing so, IRCTC is trying to take its annual earnings to Rs 50 crore from the current Rs 30 crore. "To begin with, Mapple Hotels has been selected to run the food plaza at Hardwar station. There are 106 other food plazas and fast food units that are at various stages of commissioning at places like Bhavnagar, Delhi Cantonment, Kanpur Central and others. We would also add another 56 food kiosks at Delhi Metro stations across New Delhi," said RN Kalita, director of catering services at IRCTC.
Travel Food Services (TFS), a Mumbai-based F&B operator that specialises in running restaurants, cafes, food courts and manages lounges across major airports in the country, will launch similar executive lounges across railway stations like Vijayawada, Howrah and Jaipur by next April. These lounges would be anything between 1,500 sq ft and 3,500 sq ft.
"We share the common vision of changing the travel experience of passengers with the Indian Railways. Our big challenge is to organise the scattered F&B services that are available at railway stations," said Gaurav Dewan, COO, Travel Food Services.
TFS, which has franchisee arrangement with brands like KFC, Domino's Pizza, Cafeccino, Haagen-Dazs, The Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf , is also bidding to operate in the food courts and food plazas at various stations. IRCTC will soon finalise 50 food plazas in tier-II cities like Dehradun, Tambaram and Haridwar. Keeping in mind the heterogeneous consumers in railway stations, food items of all price range would be served at the railway and metro stations.
Operating more than 70 vadapav stores across the country, Jumboking Vadapav has proposed 20 outlets across stations in New Delhi, in places like IFFCO Chowk metro station and HUDA City Centre metro station.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Most influential Islamic State Twitter account run by Indian in BengaluruIS' top Twitter account run by Bangalore man
Saikat Datta , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 12, 2014
First Published: 09:11 IST(12/12/2014) | Last Updated: 23:49 IST(12/12/2014)
Comments
The most influential Twitter account of the Iraqi militant group Islamic State (IS), which has taken 39 Indian workers as hostage, has been found to be operated by an Indian executive working out of Bengaluru, formerly known as Bangalore, a report revealed by UK's Channel 4 has claimed.
Screen grab of the now deactivated @shamiwitness Twitter account.
This was revealed by the TV channel on Wednesday night, which identified the person as ‘Mehdi’ an executive working with an “Indian conglomerate” out of Bengaluru. The channel also claimed that Mehdi used to run the Twitter account @ShamiWitness with  over 17,000 followers, “two-thirds of whom are foreign fighters” fighting for the IS in Iraq and Syria. His tweets were seen over 2 million times making him the “most influential twitter account” for the IS.
In thousands of tweets sent out regularly he was “acting as the leading conduit of information between jihadis, supporters and recruits”. 
The channel says the man's full name has not been disclosed as his life would be in danger.
The report quotes Mehdi as saying he would have joined Islamic State, but his family was financially dependent on him. "If I had a chance to leave everything and join them I might have.. my family needs me here," he is quoted as saying.
Mehdi, the channel reported, is also on Facebook and regularly shares “jokes, funny images, talks about super hero movies, posting pictures of pizza dinners with friends and Hawaiian parties at work.” There are also indications of his “Islamist ideology” in conversations about “Libyan and Egyptian uprisings.”
Mehdi would post thousands of tweets from his Twitter account, using his mobile every month and also tweeted the video of the beheading of US aid worker Peter Kassig “within minutes of it being uploaded to the internet.”
He also tweeted in November that “May Allah guide, protect, strengthen and expand the Islamic State…Islamic State brought peace, autonomy, zero corruption, low crime rate”. The channel also reported how the Twitter account would express happiness at the “deaths and rapes of Kurdish fighters” on Twitter, but later said that these were “taken out of context”.
Mehdi shut down his account after being contacted by Channel 4 News.
Senior Indian intelligence officials Hindustan Times spoke to said that they were unaware about Mehdi and his Twitter account. On being alerted they have contacted their British counterparts to get more details about the account.
Intelligence sources also told HT that most of the radicalised youth from India have been found to be using social media and "influenced by similar accounts" posted by groups like the IS. One of the youths who left to join the IS, Arif Majeed from Kalyan, near Mumbai returned to India recently.
They are also planning to speak to Twitter, India to get the details of the person who was running the account.
Incidentally, a study conducted by researchers in the University of Milan has found that there are more social media followers sympathetic to the IS in Europe and the US than in states like Iraq and Syria. Another study conducted by Brookings Institute claimed that the IS use social media actively to spread and legitimise its activities.

Go long in JSW Energy: Chandan Taparia08:00 am
Chandan Taparia of Anand Rathi Securities told CNBC-TV18, " JSW Energy is making higher top higher bottom formation, taking support near to the 13 day moving average. The stock is making higher highs from last four trading sessions, even after the market pressure. If it manages to hold Rs 94 then it can go to even Rs 100 which is a decent high."
"We are suggesting to go long in JSW Energy, keep the stoploss near Rs 90 and play the upside target for Rs 100," he added.
RELATED NEWS

IT stocks in demand on dull rupeeit stocks in demand on dull rupee
Shares of Anubhav Infrastructure get listedShares of Anubhav Infrastructure get listed
Sensex rises 60 points; IT stocks gain as rupee weakensSensex rises 60 points; IT stocks gain as rupee weakens
Sensex  Nifty consolidate; midcaps  smallcaps outperformSensex  Nifty consolidate; midcaps  smallcaps outperform
Sensex gains 53 points in early trade; Infosys  Bharti leadSensex gains 53 points in early trade; Infosys  Bharti lead
IL&FS Engineering surges on Rs 464-crore order in Saudi ArabiaIL&FS Engineering surges on Rs 464-crore order in Saudi Arabia
Tata Power gains on signing MoU with RDIFTata Power gains on signing MoU with RDIF
Key Deals on Oil  Gas and Atomic Energy SignedKey Deals on Oil  Gas and Atomic Energy Signed
OnMobile Global surges 5% on buyback price approvalOnMobile Global surges 5% on buyback price approval
Pricol to acquire Brazil based auto component companyPricol to acquire Brazil based auto component company
UFO Moviez plans to file for IPO by next week: reportsUFO Moviez plans to file for IPO by next week: reports
UFO Moviez plans to file for IPO by next week: reports
Report stated that the company plans to raise up to Rs 1,200 crore via the IPO route.
http://www.indiainfoline.com/article/news-top-story/ufo-moviez-plans-to-file-for-ipo-by-next-week-reports-114121200018_1.html
December 12, 2014 08:58 IST
http://content.indiainfoline.com/_media/iifl/img/article/default/glo_news.jpg
Please enter characters of the above image
 
Money matters for Newly Weds
India Infoline News Service / 11:47, Dec 12, 2014
Stepping into a new life comes with a multitude of responsibilities Therefore, it is important to include your spouse in your monetary affairs at the earliest in order to be on common grounds financially.
Friday, 02 January 2015 19:25 IST
Connect with IIFL :
Accountancy Advertising Budget Commerce Derivatives Economics Finance General Mgmt. HR Mgmt. IT Marketing Material Mgmt.
Stocks:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Mutual Funds:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Insurance:
Disclaimer Disclaimer - Research Disclaimer - Discussion Boards Disclaimer - Chat Disclaimer - Twitter Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
ATTENTION INVESTORS - "Prevent Unauthorized Transactions in your demat / trading account --> Update your Mobile Number/ email Id with your stock broker / Depository Participant. Receive information of your transactions directly from Exchanges on your mobile / email at the end of day and alerts on your registered mobile for all debits and other important transactions in your demat account directly from NSDL/ CDSL on the same day." - Issued in the interest of investors.
"KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary."
www.indiainfoline.com is part of the IIFL Group, a leading financial services player and a diversified NBFC. The site provides comprehensive and real time information on Indian corporates, sectors, financial markets and economy. On the site we feature industry and political leaders, entrepreneurs, and trend setters. The research, personal finance and market tutorial sections are widely followed by students, academia, corporates and investors among others.
Copyright © India Infoline Ltd. All rights Reserved.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. SEBI Regn. No. : INB231097537/ INF231097537/ INE231097537,
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.:INB011097533/ INF011097533/ INE011097533,
MCX Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INB261097530/ INF261097530/ INE261097537,
United Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INE271097532,
5

Pricol to acquire Brazil based auto component companyPricol to acquire Brazil based auto component company
Pricol to acquire Brazil based auto component company
This acquisition will enable Pricol to make a foray into the Brazilian Auto Component Industry.
http://www.indiainfoline.com/article/news-top-story/pricol-to-acquire-brazil-based-auto-component-company-114121200025_1.html
December 12, 2014 09:14 IST
http://content.indiainfoline.com/_media/iifl/img/article/default/glo_news.jpg
Please enter characters of the above image
 
Money matters for Newly Weds
India Infoline News Service / 11:47, Dec 12, 2014
Stepping into a new life comes with a multitude of responsibilities Therefore, it is important to include your spouse in your monetary affairs at the earliest in order to be on common grounds financially.
Friday, 02 January 2015 19:25 IST
Connect with IIFL :
Accountancy Advertising Budget Commerce Derivatives Economics Finance General Mgmt. HR Mgmt. IT Marketing Material Mgmt.
Stocks:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Mutual Funds:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Insurance:
Disclaimer Disclaimer - Research Disclaimer - Discussion Boards Disclaimer - Chat Disclaimer - Twitter Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
ATTENTION INVESTORS - "Prevent Unauthorized Transactions in your demat / trading account --> Update your Mobile Number/ email Id with your stock broker / Depository Participant. Receive information of your transactions directly from Exchanges on your mobile / email at the end of day and alerts on your registered mobile for all debits and other important transactions in your demat account directly from NSDL/ CDSL on the same day." - Issued in the interest of investors.
"KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary."
www.indiainfoline.com is part of the IIFL Group, a leading financial services player and a diversified NBFC. The site provides comprehensive and real time information on Indian corporates, sectors, financial markets and economy. On the site we feature industry and political leaders, entrepreneurs, and trend setters. The research, personal finance and market tutorial sections are widely followed by students, academia, corporates and investors among others.
Copyright © India Infoline Ltd. All rights Reserved.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. SEBI Regn. No. : INB231097537/ INF231097537/ INE231097537,
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.:INB011097533/ INF011097533/ INE011097533,
MCX Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INB261097530/ INF261097530/ INE261097537,
United Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INE271097532,
5

App or non-app  service providers for city transport should be subject to uniform regulation: ASSOCHAMApp or non-app, service providers for city transport should be subject to uniform regulation: ASSOCHAM
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | December 12, 2014 08:25 IST
ASSOCHAM said the regulatory regime for any service, be it taxi service or any other, should be technology neutral and should be level headed for all the players.
 
 
Expressing grave concern over the rape incident in the national capital last week, ASSOCHAM said the regulatory regime for any service, be it taxi service or any other, should be technology neutral and should be level headed for all the players.
“At the ground level, the user does not know the fine and technical difference between the app-based or non-app based taxi services. His/her main concern is safe and dependable service. In case the service provider is not able to provide the same, the redressal mechanism should be available irrespective of the regulatory issues and technology used.  Thus, the best way to go about it is to have a uniform regulatory system for all the service providers,” ASSOCHAM Secretary General Mr D S Rawat said.
He said “we cannot have a situation where for one type of service provider, the user goes around searching on the net the master server of the company, sitting somewhere in the US or any other country and for the other, he/she goes to the local transport authority,”.
Besides, the global companies getting into Indian e-commerce space should realise that they have to comply with local laws. “You should not take the alibi of some technology platform or the other and then tell the authorities you are not liable to the local regulators.  Such a thing is not fair to the consumer, to the authorities and eventually even to the service providers”.
ASSOCHAM has been pressing for clarity and transparency for the entire e-commerce space.  While the FDI in multi-brand retail is not allowed in many states, there are e-commerce players who have got a huge funding from the overseas. “Different laws are being interpreted in different ways, taking us to the same problem of discretion of an individual official to interpret. This would certainly lead to corruption, and a sense of being deceived by some who are left out of the technology platforms.If the e-commerce is good for the economy, open it all , subject to regulatory regime, which is transparent and not opaque.
It was time , the technology is used as an enabler for all – users, service providers and not be an inclusive clubs of the smart and savvy ones who know how to bye- pass the system while the other law abiding players see as hapless . 
So, be it Uber, Meru, Easy Cab, Ola – app or non-app , the rules of the game must be the same for all the players, the ASSOCHAM said.  

Sensex trading flat; IIP  retail inflation data eyedSensex plunges 251 points on weak global cues; IIP, retail inflation data eyed
Our Bureau/Agencies
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 12:  
The benchmark equity indices fell by close to a percentage on Friday, rounding up a week of disappointing market action.
The Nifty, which opened in the green in the morning, started falling during mid-day trade, ending the session 68 points lower at 8,224.10. The Sensex lost over 251 points, closing at 27,350.68.
The broader market took major hits as well, with the BSE mid-cap index down 131 points to 10,108.60 while the small-cap space fell by over 168 points to 11,068.48.
All major sectoral indices were down on Friday, with oil and gas, capital goods and realty losing the most. The healthcare sector was the only bright spot in an otherwise dreary market, with Torrent, Aurobindo, Ipca Labs and Natcopharma all moving up.
Among the biggest gainers on the BSE were Amara Raja Batteries, which moved up nearly five per cent, Emami (up 3.7 per cent) and Jubilant Foodworks Ltd, which gained nearly four per cent. Among Friday’s biggest losers were Jet Airways (down nine points), Sun TV (down 8.55 points) and Suzlon Energy Ltd (down over seven points).
Volatility was pronounced during the session, with India Vix at 13.7525, up 7.67 per cent. Gold and crude oil fell further on Friday, while the rupee fell 0.08 per cent against the dollar.
Jayant Manglik, President – Retail distribution, Religare Securities, said, "The domestic markets slipped below the crucial support levels mainly due to cautiousness among the participants ahead of the two important macro-economic data: CPI inflation and IIP. We shall be seeing participants reacting on the macro-economic numbers in early trade on Monday and that would set the tone for the rest of the day.”
European markets
European shares fell on Friday, with renewed declines in the prices of oil hitting energy stocks, while political concerns over Greece also pegged back equities.
Asian markets
The dollar rose on Friday after upbeat US data suggested weaker oil prices are providing additional momentum for the American economy, which also underpinned Asian shares.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

India the  brightest spot  in sluggish Asia Pacific economy: S&PComments
Ratings agency Standard & Poor’s (S&P) has called India the only bright spot in the Asia Pacific region in an otherwise shaky finish to year 2014 with all other economies losing momentum.
“Only India is bucking the trend,” said S&P in a report on Asia Pacific region’s credit outlook released on Tuesday. “India has been the region’s brightest spot,” it added.
The reason for its sunny outlook for India was PM Narendra Modi’s government that, the agency said, has picked up the pace of reform after a “modest” start.
This marks a sharp turnaround about India’s image as an investment destination among overseas analysts who had been unsparing about their criticism of the previous UPA government’s management of the Indian economy, hit by a policy standstill, corruption scandals and tax disputes.
The agency said that while China’s economy continues to slow, Japan is in “technical recession” and trade-dependent economies continue to suffer from lack of external demand.
Asia’s third-largest economy is showing signs of clawing out of its longest slump in a quarter century, and the raft of measures that Modi has announced has raised hopes that the government will be able to engineer a quick turnaround.
The government has vowed to remove red tape, ease rules, and pledged a non-adversarial governance regime to push companies to make India a manufacturing powerhouse through initiatives such as `Make in India’.
S&P upgraded India’s credit rating to “stable” from “negative” in September, by which time most of Modi’s announcements and measures were under way in various forms and stages.
The agency proceeded to list them: ending diesel subsidy, liberalizing foreign investment in insurance, and controlling discretionary government spending.
The agency also noted some of the programmes announced by Modi — financial inclusion by opening bank accounts for 100 million people who didn’t have one, streamlining government-transfer payment regimes, improving rural infrastructure, and cutting the number of government departments.
S&P welcomed the decision for “eliminating the planning ministry”. In August, Modi had announced the government’s intent to replace the Planning Commission with a new body, bringing the curtains down on the 64-year old institution founded on former Soviet Union’s command-style development model.
“Confidence has improved and growth momentum is now at around 7%,” said the agency, adding, however, a note of caution: “the build-up of corporate, and in some cases household, debt over the past five years remains a significant ‘tail’ risk,” S&P said on Tuesday.
The World Bank said in June that the India is already “benefiting from this ‘Modi dividend’ … with economic activity buoyed by expectations from the newly elected government”.

Delhi High Court stops sale of Xiaomi phones in IndiaYou are here: Home > Collections > Ericsson
Delhi HC directs Xiaomi to stop import, sale of phones over patent case by Ericsson
Anandita Singh Mankotia & Gulveen Aulakh, ET Bureau Dec 11, 2014, 10.03AM IST
Tags:
AMR EDGE
(The order was passed on the…)
NEW DELHI: The Delhi High Court has asked smartphone vendor Xiaomi and its local e-commerce partner Flipkart to stop importing and selling devices in India until February 5, when the court will again hear Swedish equipment maker Ericsson's patent-infringement petition against the Chinese company.
The court has asked both Flipkart and Xiaomi to furnish details on the devices sold by them so far in India that are compliant with mobile technologies 3G, EDGE and AMR and the revenue generated. According to Ericsson, its technologies are essential to manufacture these devices.
This is a setback to the Chinese smartphone maker that has managed to gain massive traction in India after selling more than 800,000 smartphones including the popular Mi3 and low-cost Red Mi 1S in India since its launch here in July. It already has a more than 1% share of India's growing smartphone market.
The development follows a recent Delhi High Court order asking homegrown handset maker Micromax to pay a royalty equal to 1% of the selling price of its devices to Ericsson for using its patents, called standard essential patents. That interim order holds until December 31, 2015, the deadline set by the court to conclude the trial.
The court has directed the Central Board of Excise and Customs to stop any imports of Xiaomi's mobiles, handsets, devices and tablets. According to the court ruling, a copy of which was reviewed by ET, Ericsson's claim of Xiaomi infringing upon eight of its registered standard essential patents makes a prima facie case for an interim injunction.
Ericsson has alleged that despite its proposals to Xiaomi to obtain a licence to use the patents, not only did Xiaomi bypass it and enter the Indian market in July, it also set up an Indian subsidiary Xiaomi technology India Pvt Ltd. "Thus, the defendants have become liable to pay damages, rendition of accounts, delivery up and other reliefs," the court has ruled.
Xiaomi's India head Manu Kumar Jain said the company has yet to receive the court order. "While we haven't received an official notice from the Delhi High Court, our legal team is currently evaluating the situation based on the information we have," he told ET. "India is a very important market for Xiaomi and we will respond promptly as needed and in full compliance with Indian laws. Moreover, we are open to working with Ericsson to resolve this matter amicably," he added.
According to Ericsson, it had been discussing the matter with Xiaomi for over three years and was forced to explore the legal route due to Xiaomi's non-compliance. "It is unfair for Xiaomi to benefit from our substantial R&D investment without paying a reasonable licensee fee for our technology," the company said in a statement.
FEATURED ARTICLES

New Coal Bill extends blanket protection to govt officialsNew Coal Bill extends blanket protection to govt officials
Our Bureau
Govt bodies too get cover; TMC, Left object to legislation that replaces the Ordinance
New Delhi, December 10:  
The Centre is taking steps to protect government officials involved in allotting coal blocks from prosecutions and legal proceedings.
The Coal Mines (Special Provisions) Bill, introduced in the Lok Sabha on Wednesday to replace an Ordinance, states: “No suit, prosecution or other legal proceeding shall lie against the Central Government, nominated authority, commissioner of payment or designated custodian or any person acting on their behalf in respect of anything which is done or intended to be done in good faith under this Act.” While introducing the Bill, the Minister of State (Independent Charge) for Power, Coal and New and Renewable Energy, Piyush Goyal, assured Lok Sabha that the Government does not seek to de-nationalise coal mines.
Stake in Joint ventures
The Bill stipulates that a private sector entity cannot own more than 26 per cent in public-private joint ventures in case of coal block allocations.
However, if there is more than one private sector entity in a venture, then their total stake should not exceed 49 per cent. The Bill also prohibits government companies from alienating or transferring any interest in such joint ventures by taking loans or advances from banks or financial institutions.
The need for such a law arose after the Supreme Court on September 24 de-allocated 204 blocks given between 1993 and 2010.
The Bill gives a clear roadmap for the Centre to auction/allocate coal blocks. The Centre proposes to empower a Tribunal to resolve disputes between a successful bidder and prior allottee.
The Bill’s introduction saw opposition from Trinamool Congress MP Saugata Roy, who said it “would open the door for de-nationalisation of coal mines” and the giving away of the energy sector to private players.
Supported by the Left parties, Roy said the legislation nullified the Coal Mines Nationalisation Act of 1973 and allowed “total exploitation” of mines and the people.
Amid protests, Goyal said it was necessary for the Centre to come up with a solution, which is why an Ordinance was brought in to avert a crisis in power generation due to the lack of coal.
(This article was published on December 10, 2014)
Related

Insurance co stocks surge as sector awaits capital flowInsurance co stocks surge as sector awaits capital flow
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 10, 2014
First Published: 23:29 IST(10/12/2014) | Last Updated: 01:57 IST(11/12/2014)
Comments
Insurance companies’ stocks sizzled on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) on Wednesday as the government inched closer to passing the long-pending Insurance Bill that will raise the foreign investment cap to 49% from 26%.
India’s private insurance industry needs an estimated $6 billion or about Rs. 36,000 crore of capital over the next five years.
Life insurance penetration, defined as the ratio of premium underwritten in a given year to the GDP, is about 3.17% of GDP in India, lower than over 10% in Japan and about 6% in Australia.
Of the 23 life insurance companies in India, only 17 reported profits in 2013-14.
While Max India shares rose 5.34% on the BSE, Reliance Capital jumped 4.34% and Aditya Birla Nuvo moved up 0.71%.
Several insurance companies could now make an entry into the Indian market while for many existing ones, the foreign partners could bring in a larger chunk of funds on the table. Finance minister Arun Jaitley said that global insurance companies are waiting to invest in the sector.
Companies including PNB Metlife, Max India Group, Bharti AXA Life Insurance Co Ltd could benefit, sources said.
According to an estimate by consultancy firm KPMG, about Rs. 25,000 crore could flow into the sector in case the FDI limit is hiked in the next two to three years.
“Every company will now have multiple options available to them…for some of the more established players it opens up possibilities for IPOs as well as capital for acquisitions,” said Rajesh Sud, CEO & MD, Max Life Insurance.

Fed hawks watch US household spendingFed hawks watch US household spending
Jamie Chisholm
This week’s central bank meetings are a preamble to next week’s Fed decision
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b3ce8f26-804d-11e4-9907-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

M&M set to acquire stake in Saab AutomotiveMahindra & Mahindra set to acquire stake in Swedish auto maker Saab Automotive
By ET Bureau | 11 Dec, 2014, 11.32AM IST
Tweet
Experts say, M&M somehow is becoming an expert at picking up distressed assets and quickly bridging the technology gap that exists. 
MUMBAI: Mahindra & Mahindra, India's largest maker of utility vehicles and tractors, is close to acquiring a stake in the company that owns Swedish auto maker Saab Automotive , the Dow Jones Newswires reported, citing court documents.
National Electric Vehicle Sweden (NEVS) is owned by National Modern Energy Holdings, a Chinese-Japanese energy company having its headquarters in Hong Kong. NEVS took control of the auto maker by acquiring the assets of Saab Automobile, Saab Automobile Powertrain, and Saab Automobile Tools from a bankruptcy estate.
Mahindra had evinced interest in Saab in 2012. NEVS bought out the business at that time but ran into financial difficulties on its own, putting the company again in bankruptcy on August 28, 2014. In a petition filed before a court by one of the creditors of NEVS, Mahindra was named as the auto maker about to take a stake in the Swedish company, the report said. Chinese car maker Dongfeng was also in the race, according to previous reports.
In a disclosure to the court last week, NEVS said talks with potential investors were close to completion. In its court filing, NEVS said it is in negotiations with an Asian original equipment maker, which plans to step in as majority owner in the company, the newswire said.
A Mahindra spokesperson said the company wouldn't offer any comments on the report. Previously, the company had informed the Bombay Stock Exchange that it examines or pursues "various opportunities in different areas, from time to time on a continuing basis and (one) can't comment upon every opportunity at every stage."
Experts say, M&M somehow is becoming an expert at picking up distressed assets and quickly bridging the technology gap that exists.
According to an analyst at domestic brokerage house, if Mahindra buys NEVS, it stands to gain from the Swedish company's engine design and technology than full-fledged products. According to him, this seems like a similar sort of arrangement it has with Peugeot on two wheelers — Mahindra acquired a 51 per cent stake. The company had also bought Korean auto maker Ssangyong. "This buy may help M&M to leap-frog on the product development life cycle, which is the need of the hour for the company."

Raghuram Rajan faces pressure from MPs to cut ratesYou are here: Home > Collections > Inflation
MPs put pressure on Raghuram Rajan to cut rates
ET Bureau Dec 11, 2014, 08.44AM IST
Tags:
Arun Jaitley
(Arun Jaitley said he…)
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan on Wednesday faced calls from members of Parliament to cut interest rates, adding to pressure on the celebrated economist, who has emphasised the central bank's independence since assuming office in September 2013 and has steadfastly refused to cut rates till the battle against inflation had been squarely won.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said he agreed with the call for lower rates but added that the final decision was for the monetary authority, the RBI, to take.
"I am grateful that he (Saugata Ray, TMC MP) agreed with me, that now time has come with moderate inflation to bring down the rates. If you bring down the rates, people will start borrowing from banks to pay for their flats and houses. The EMIs will go down," Jaitley said.
"I am sure that the authorities who are competent to deal with it are fully seized of this view notwithstanding the balancing exercise between inflation management and growth which they have to do," he added.
The FM has in the recent past often emphasised the need for a lower cost of capital but has always added the caveat that the final decision was up to RBI. Jaitley, who was replying to the debate on supplementary demand for grants in the Lok Sabha, was responding to comments by Ray and Congress leader Veerappa Moily charged that the government was insensitive to the problems of agriculturalists, industry and the manufacturing sector.
"In spite of (WPI) inflation easing to 2.82 per cent so far, interest rates have not been cut. There has been no spurt in manufacturing activity. I suppose, Mr Jaitley is helpless in the face of an economist governor of the Reserve Bank of India," Ray had said in his intervention.
Moily also spoke in the same vein. "So far as interest rates are concerned, now it has become mature to reduce the interest rates. You agree that you have given statements in a number of places. Even the RBI governor agrees that it deserves it. Japan has done it and has reduced the interest rate. China has reduced the interest rate. Everybody has done it. But you refused to do that," he said.
RBI held interest rates steady in its mid-quarterly monetary policy review on December 2. While this outcome was widely expected by the market, some government officials had privately called for a cut in rates on the ground that wholesale inflation was below 3 per cent while retail inflation is below RBI's target of 6 per cent by January 2016. Further, GDP growth in the second quarter decelerated to 5.3 per cent from 5.7 per cent in the previous quarter.
 
Justifying the status quo, Rajan had on December 2 said that a shift in stance was 'premature' but hinted a cut may come early next year if inflation continues to ease and government acts on the fiscal side.
RBI's key policy rate stands at 8 per cent. "Monetary authority will take a call on interest rates after taking into account glide path of inflation which depends on domestic as well as global developments," said DK Pant, chief economist, IndiaRatings.
The markets and mainstream economists consider an independent central bank part of the architecture of a modern economy and are likely to look askance at any hint of political interference in rate setting.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Buy Pidilite on expectation of strong earningsStreet sees good show after stellar year
Initiate ‘buy’ on Pidilite with target price of R610 per share, which is based on 35x March 17e EPS. Our target P/E multiple of 35x is supported by 25% EPS CAGR over FY14-FY17e and average RoCE/RoE of 25%/27%. Over various time horizons, the average P/E for the stock has expanded along with increases in EPS growth. In particular, over the past one year the stock has traded at 30x P/E with 18% EPS growth. With forecast EPS growth ramping up to 25%, we believe the fair-value multiple should increase .
Pidilite enjoys strong pricing power due to its product portfolio, well-established brands and distribution reach, being the only pan-India player in a highly fragmented national market. Relatively heavy spending on R&D and marketing have created a competitive moat for the company that is unlikely to be breached.
Although the stock is up 60% year-to-date, we expect a further re-rating as earnings ramp up to a 25% CAGR on rising demand from India’s growing middle-class and as margins widen on falling input costs. Cost of goods (CoGS), which is 50% of Pidilite’s revenue, is almost entirely from different derivatives of crude oil. Recent sharp fall in crude prices, together with operating leverage and an improved overseas performance, will boost the ebitda margin by an expected 325 bps over FY14-17e. Further declines in crude prices offer margin upside risk.
Citi
Post Comments
More from indianmarkets

Neutral on M&M Finance  target of Rs 300Street sees good show after stellar year
Maintain ‘neutral’ on Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services (MMFS) and raise target price to R 300 from R250, mainly due to the rollover to Sept-16. Our target implies 2.2x Sep-16 book of R125. We believe cyclical headwinds are still too strong to play for long-term growth opportunity. Structurally, MMFS can deliver faster-than-system growth due to its rural positioning but we believe near-term headwinds are just too high to play for the long-term growth story.
However, we see no material recovery in sight yet. Near-term growth/earnings (H2FY15e) will likely disappoint in spite of a favorable rate cycle. We cut our near-term growth estimates, but raise NIMs for FY16f, and hence, we lower our earnings by only 2%. The current valuation at 2.35x Sept-16 book is demanding in the context of the slower-than-expected pick-up in growth/asset quality. Longer-term rural growth opportunity and a favourable rate cycle restrict us from a downgrade.
Overall rural buoyancy remains muted and our interaction with management indicates that post-festive demand/collections have been weaker than initially expected. While valuations have come off in the past 9 months, we think near-term earnings will likely disappoint.
On the asset quality front, the worst is behind and we do not expect slippages to inch up in H2FY15f but the seasonal pick-up in recoveries will be less pronounced
Nomura
Post Comments
More from indianmarkets

Online retailers like Flipkart  Snapdeal turn marketing focus to mobilesOnline retailers like Flipkart, Snapdeal turn marketing focus to mobiles
Jayadevan PK, ET Bureau Dec 11, 2014, 04.46AM IST
Tags:
Amazon
(Indian e-commerce companies…)
BENGALURU: Flipkart is giving the Google-run Great Online Shopping Festival a miss this year because the biggest Indian online retailer is promoting its own mobile app. Snapdeal is participating, but pushing its mobile app as well.
Indian e-commerce companies are changing their customer-acquisition strategy and are enticing people with offers to install their apps on mobile phones. They expect the move to create more loyal customers than those who land on the portal through online searches.
For search giant Google, this growing trend underlines the need to expand mobile offerings to retain its healthy rate of growth in a market where more people are expected to access the Internet on the mobile than on desktop.
"The ecommerce industry is now mcommerce in India; the way you reach out to customers is very different even from a year ago when other digital channels were more prominent," said Mausam Bhatt, senior director for mobile commerce & digital marketing at Flipkart. Flipkart and the local operations of US ecommerce giant Amazon get more than half their India traffic through mobile phones. And, these companies are increasingly spending on mobile-related promotions.
Bhatt declined to provide details on Flipkart's marketing expenditure. Traditionally, its spending has mostly been on search engine and display advertising, but he said there has been a large shift in spending to expand the number of customers having its mobile app installed on their phones.
"An app install is an endorsement that someone wants to shop with you," said Kishore Thota, head of digital marketing at Amazon India. While Thota still counts search and display advertising as an important part of Amazon's marketing strategy, he says from a long term point of view, "We definitely see more investment going into app presence."
This shift means Google may have to work harder for the advertising dollar. For Google, which posted more than Rs 3,000 crore in India revenue for FY14, ecommerce has contributed to the 47 per cent growth in revenue over the previous year. For many years, search engine marketing, or advertising on search queries, has been the mainstay of online businesses. The other major form of advertising online was display advertising. Google is the leader in both.
As more and more consumers move to mobile, both forms of traditional advertising have been slowing. The first by the proliferation of apps and the second by the smaller screen sizes that make it tough for display advertising. "You have to really earn the real estate on mobile," said Thota.
One-time purchases, like buying insurance or car will still be influenced by a Google search while regular actions like recharging a mobile, ordering a cab or ordering food, will see app install and more loyalty, said Naman Sarawagi, founder and chief executive of comparison shopping site FindYogi.
Google, though, has a few things going for it. "There is a shift in revenue from SEM (search engine marketing) as we know it, but with products like Google Maps and Google Now, Google still has significant stake in the future of interaction, thereby safeguarding its search and discovery based revenue," said Sarawagi.
 
Google's mobile revenue is already supporting its growth globally. In the US, market research firm eMarketer estimates that search revenue from desktop computers will decline to $10 billion this year from $10.8 billion in 2013. But mobile search revenue is expected to grow to $5.1 billion from $3.1 billion. According to the estimate, Google's total advertising revenue will increase 14 per cent to $43.5 billion in 2014.
"The shift to mobile is one we welcome and in Asia the change is happening faster than anywhere else in the world," said Praveen Sharma, director-performance at Google-APAC. Sharma said Google has driven hundreds of millions of app downloads through these formats.
The trend isn't limited to India or Asia. According to eMarketer, desktop search in the US will decline significantly this year, as mobile search ad spending grows.
In India, mobile advertising has steadily grown in proportion of the total digital market, to 14 per cent in the fiscal year through March 2014 from 7 per cent in fiscal 2012, according to the Internet and Mobile Association of India's latest report.
In the same period, contribution of search to total advertising revenue has gone down to 30 per cent from 34 per cent. Display advertising has also gone down in proportion as social media and video advertising have grown. The total digital advertising market is expected to reach Rs 3,575 crore in fiscal 2015 from Rs 2,750 crore last year.
To serve its growing mobile clientele, the search giant has also launched advertising solutions for the mobile world. This year, Google launched app promotions advertising formats across its products including search, display network and YouTube.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Puravankara sells 125 flats via Google s online shopping festYou are here: Home > Collections > Google
Puravankara sells 125 flats via Google's online shopping fest
PTI Dec 10, 2014, 07.12PM IST
Tags:
Google
(Realty firm Puravankara Projects…)
NEW DELHI: Realty firm Puravankara Projects Ltd today said it has sold over 125 housing units through Google's online shopping festival.
Puravankara Projects and its subsidiary Provident Housing are participating in the three-day shopping festival, starting today, and have offered about 200 housing units spread over 12-13 projects in Bangalore, Chennai, Coimbatore and Kochi.
"Over 125 homes were booked online in less than 12 hours of the offer going live, as home buyers took advantage of very lucrative offers from both Puravankara and Provident brands," Bangalore-based Puravankara said in a statement.
The price range is between Rs 40 lakh and Rs 1.25 crore. Puravankara Projects Ltd has presence in Bengaluru, Kochi, Chennai, Coimbatore, Hyderabad, Mysore and overseas in Sri Lanka.
It has 25.52 million sq ft of projects under development with additional 79.83 million sq ft in projected development over the next 7-10 years.
FEATURED ARTICLES

US: CIA battles Senate Democrats over torture reportBy: Associated Press | Washington |
Posted: December 11, 2014 11:43 am
The CIA and several of its past leaders are stepping up a campaign to discredit a five-year Senate investigation into the CIA’s harrowing interrogation practices after 9/11, concerned that the historical record may define them as torturers instead of patriots and expose them to legal action around the world.
The Senate intelligence committee’s report doesn’t urge prosecution for wrongdoing, and the Justice Department has no interest in reopening a criminal probe.
But the threat to former interrogators and their superiors was underlined as a U.N. special investigator demanded those responsible for “systematic crimes” be brought to justice, and human rights groups pushed for the arrest of key CIA and Bush administration figures if they travel overseas.
Current and former CIA officials pushed back Wednesday, determined to paint the Senate report as a political stunt by Senate Democrats tarnishing a program that saved American lives.
It is a “one-sided study marred by errors of fact and interpretation- essentially a poorly done and partisan attack on the agency that has done the most to protect America,” former CIA directors George Tenet, Porter Goss and Michael Hayden wrote in a Wall Street Journal opinion piece.
Hayden was singled out by Senate investigators for what they said was a string of misleading or outright false statements he gave in 2007 about the importance of the CIA’s brutal treatment of detainees in thwarting terrorist attacks.
He described the focus on him as “ironic on so many levels” as any wrongdoing predated his arrival at the CIA. “They were far too interested in yelling at me,” Hayden said in an email to The Associated Press.
The intelligence committee’s 500-page release concluded that the CIA inflicted suffering on al-Qaida prisoners beyond its legal authority and that none of the agency’s “enhanced interrogations” provided critical, life-saving intelligence.
It cited the CIA’s own records, documenting in detail how waterboarding and lesser-known techniques such as “rectal feeding” were actually employed.
The CIA is now in the uncomfortable position of defending itself publicly, given its basic mission to protect the country secretly. Its 136-page rebuttal suggests Senate Democrats searched through millions of documents to pull out only the evidence backing up predetermined conclusions.
“That’s like doing a crossword puzzle on Tuesday with Wednesday’s answer’s key,” the CIA said in an emailed statement.
Challenging one of the report’s most explosive arguments- that harsh interrogation techniques didn’t lead to Osama bin Laden- the CIA pointed to questioning of Ammar al-Baluchi, who revealed how an al-Qaida operative relayed messages to and from bin Laden after he departed Afghanistan.
Before then, the CIA said, it only knew that courier Abu Ahmad al-Kuwaiti interacted with bin Laden in 2001 when the al-Qaida leader was accessible to many of his followers. Al-Kuwaiti eventually led the continued…

Best of flower art at Chrysanthemum Flower Showlifestyle
Best of flower art at Chrysanthemum Flower Show
On December 6, YWCA of Delhi organised its 66th Chrysanthemum flower show. Guldaudi, coleus, ferns, bougainvillea - all variety of pretty flowers and plants were at display. (Source: Swasti Pachauri)
The beautiful Chrysanthemums (Source: Swasti Pachauri)
A floral arrangement at the 66th Delhi YWCA Chrysanthemum show. (Source: Swasti Pachauri)
A spider chrysanthemum. (Source: Swasti Pachauri)
Floral Display from Rashtrapati Bhavan. (Source: Swasti Pachauri)
An arrangement at the show. (Source: Swasti Pachauri)
Most popular garden variety. (Source: Swasti Pachauri)
These flowers make for vibrant garden choices. (Source: Swasti Pachauri)
Chrysanthemum show. (Source: Swasti Pachauri)
Irregular incurve variety of Chrysanthemums. (Source: Swasti Pachauri)
Bougainvillea arrangement. (Source: Swasti Pachauri)
White chrysanthemums. (Source: Swasti Pachauri)
Skip this Advertisement

Fashion e-tailers Jabong  Myntra put up impressive nosAmazon
(As Amazon chief Jeff Bezos had…)
MUMBAI: Just three years...and may be at the threshold of a revolution. Jabong and Myntra, India's biggest etailers of fashion, are clocking up impressive top line numbers and, more importantly, red hot 3-digit and 4-digit growth figures that signal a tipping point in how urban Indians will dress themselves — they will likely move most of their clothes shopping to ecommerce.
Consider the numbers. In three years of operations (2012-2014), Jabong and Myntra's combined top line has hit Rs 1,000 crore for the year ended March 2014. Growth has been more than blistering. Jabong sales in 2013-14 jumped to Rs 527 crore, from a mere Rs 4.6 crore in 2011-12 — that's an eyepopping 11,357 per cent growth in sales.
Myntra's Rs 441-crore top line in 2013-14 was an only slightly less staggering 558 per cent jump from 2011-12's Rs 67.1 crore.
And in these three years, Jabong's and Myntra's top lines have outperformed those of brick-and-mortar fashion biggies, Zara, Levis and Marks & Spencers, which have been in business in India for between 5 and 10 years.
Plus, growth in the big brickand-mortar chains, Shoppers Stop and Future Lifestyle Fashion, which have been in operations for two decades or more, has really slowed down in comparison, over the same period (see graphic).
As Amazon chief Jeff Bezos had said, the big success of fashion etailing is the biggest learning he's taken away from India.
And market analysts and fashion-conscious urban middle and upper middle classes are saying the same thing differently.
Analysts say a tipping point has been reached in etailing fashion.
Consumers say the sheer convenience of browsing through thousands of big label options from the comfort of one's home or office and the ease of returning clothes that don't fit are the reasons they will stay with buying a dress through a mouse click.
"Where will I get international brands such as Dorothy Perkins, Mango, FCUK, and not-so-highpriced Harpa and Femella all in one place? I won't ever get to browse 5,000 designs at stores and I can't go there every day braving the traffic. But I can go to the virtual store every single day and if I don't like what I have shopped, I can just return, all from the comfort of my chair," said Ruchi Sally, director at retail consultancy Elargir Solutions and an online shopper explaining the growth of online fashion retailers.
"Online retail has passed the inflection point as customers have stopped questioning its viability and authenticity," said Devangshu Dutta, chief executive at retail consultancy Third Eyesight.
Fashion etailers attribute their success to multiplier effect from good customer experience and some serious brand-building efforts.
"Apart from the acceptance of ecommerce at a macro-level, we have, over time, built our reputation through customer experience. This will now translate into higher sales as we laid a strong foundation," said Praveen Sinha, co-founder of Jabong. com. "There has been a lot of focus on branding and investment to build fashion properties and technology which will help in the long run even as though it impacts profitability now."
Jabong and Myntra also attribute their growth to an increase in its product portfolio and exclusive tieups, especially with international brands.
The Indian online retail market is estimated to grow over 4-fold to touch $14.5 billion (over Rs 88,000 crore) by 2018 on account of rapid expansion of ecommerce in the country, according to research and consultancy firm RNCOS that projects compound annual growth rate of 40-45 per cent during 2014-18. The current market size of the online retail sector has been pegged at $3.5 billion (over Rs 21,000 crore).
Fashion etailing, say market watchers, is poised to become the top category in the near future. RNCOS says while online sales account for nearly 4 per cent of the overall apparel market, as compared to 15 per cent for smartphones and between 5-10 per cent for flat panel televisions, digital cameras and personal care gadgets, the hierarchy is set to change.
"It is likely that few years down the line, apparel and accessories will take over the top slot from electronic gadgets," the RNCOS report said.
Fashion etailing in India, say pundits, is going through the classic ecommerce growth pattern at a quick pace. In a very short time, the likes of Jabong and Myntra have crossed the first two stages - attracting the first enthusiasts and seducing a wider set with product promotions. The third, really defining stage will come when clicking for a dress becomes an even wider habit.

Maharashtra  UP  Chandigarh & Telangana ban UberAssam
("We will compensate the…)
NEW DELHI | MUMBAI | BENGALURU: Taxi aggregators led by Uber, on the defensive after last week's rape incident, scrambled to fall in line with government directives to stop operations in many cities, as the ban on their services spread with four states joining Delhi on Wednesday to demand that mobile app-based cabs be pulled off roads.
Acting on an advice by the home ministry issued earlier this week, Maharashtra, Uttar Pradesh, Chandigarh and Telangana said on Wednesday they would ban these aggregator firms whose operations have come under a spotlight after a woman passenger was allegedly raped by an Uber driver late last Friday. These states say that taxi aggregators such as Uber, Ola and TaxiFor-Sure, unlike radio cabs, are unlicensed and therefore illegal, whereas these firms insist they are legal and there is insufficient understanding of their business.
Uber, whose services were first banned in Delhi on Tuesday, sent out a text message in Hindi to all the drivers on its network in the city telling them that "with a lot of sadness we have to tell you that Uber is closing down operations in Delhi for a few days" and urging them to support it in its time of difficulty.
"We will compensate the drivers in any way we can, which includes financially, for the loss of work," Allen Penn, head of Asia operations at Uber, told ET.
Penn, along with Uber's Head of Business for Asia Eric Alexander, is camped in Delhi as the company battles its biggest crisis.
Uber's Penn said banning a service that adds much value to passengers' and drivers' lives was not the solution.
"There are debates within the government about this and we would like to be part of that conversation," he said in comments that appeared to allude to differences within the top echelons of the central government on the merit of banning firms such as Uber. On Tuesday, Transport Minister Nitin Gadkari publicly broke ranks with the home ministry to say that banning services was not the right response.
Another senior minister likened the ban to "throwing the baby out with the bathwater". "India is mired with the problem of traffic and technology is part of the solution. Some laws around the world are antiquated and have not kept up with technology. Over the next few days, we will be reaching out to various areas of the government to start a dialogue," Penn said.
As the San Francisco-based company, which has been much criticised around the world for what some say is its arrogant attitude, struck a conciliatory tone in India, one of its employees was attacked in Mumbai.
Uber's general manager in Mumbai, Shailesh Sawlani, was attacked outside the regional transport commissioner's office by members of a taxi union run by Congress leader Nitesh Rane.
An Uber spokesperson condemned the incident and called the situation "scary" for other employees. Uber officials in Bengaluru, Delhi and Mumbai have vacated offices and are working out of hotels and homes.
It was a black Wednesday for Uber's India operations since it entered India in August last year and quickly spread its operations to 10 cities. It has close to 10,000 drivers attached to its network and a team of around 50 employees in the country, who between them manage taxi operations, online customer support, logistics, tie-ups and email marketing for the company. The five-year-old company, valued at $40 billion in its last funding round and one of the world's hottest startups, is known to operate in an extremely lean online-only booking and customer support model.
In India, Uber competes with home-grown startups such as Ola, the country's largest taxi aggregator with operations across 25 cities, and TaxiForSure, all of which have been hit by the ban and the increased scrutiny of their operations. A ban, if it spreads across the country, could affect the livelihood of about 50,000 drivers and imperil foreign investments of close to $300 million that have come into the Indian firms in 2014 by global venture capital and private equity firms.
Uber, which raised $1.2 billion in fresh funding last week, was planning to commit as much as $500 million to India, which it counts as a market equal in importance to China and after its home market, the US.
 
As the four states moved to ban the services of taxi-hailing firms, a bunch of other states, Karnataka, Tamil Nadu, West Bengal, Kerala, Gujarat and Assam, ruled out a ban even as they ordered transport authorities to take strict action against unlicensed cab companies.
The Karnataka government signaled that it was not in favour of banning Uber, although officials indicated they may impose some restrictions under pressure from the Centre. Karnataka has so far remained firm, and not gone after the private taxi aggregators and several leaders in the ruling Congress party even privately agreed with Union Transport Minister Nitin Gadkari's views that banning taxi services was not the way to combat assaults on women.

Women-only cab companies cash in on Uber fearsTweet
BPAC has proposed Durga alarms in buses and autos in Bangalore to the Bangalore Metropolitan Transport Corporation (BMTC).
NEW DELHI: About 40 cabs, all painted pink and plying the roads of Kerala, may provide the hint of a solution to the problem of women's safety. She-Taxi, a cab company that runs this service employing only women drivers, is now looking to expand into Delhi and Mumbai.
Two other companies — GCabs and Priyadarshini — which also run cab services with women drivers in other states are also looking to expand nationally.
Apart from GPS and GPRS installed in every cab, both, GCabs and She-Taxi have separate alarms for driver and passenger in the cabs connected to their respective call centres.
Bangalore Political Action Committee (BPAC), whose members include Kiran Mazumdar Shaw and TV Mohandas Pai, has conceptualised the "Gulabi Auto" project, an auto rickshaw service operated entirely by women. This is currently under the consideration by the Karnataka government .
"Safety is a big issue and this project also solves the problems of providing livelihood to women and empowering them. If women can be construction workers then why not auto drivers," said Revathy Ashok, CEO and managing trustee, BPAC.
BPAC has also proposed Durga alarms in buses and autos in Bangalore to the Bangalore Metropolitan Transport Corporation (BMTC), which agreed to such a pilot. These Durga alarms can be triggered in buses and autos by women passengers if they feel unsafe or are under threat.
They would work on the lines of an ambulance siren to alert people on the roads.
"We have pushed aggressively for the Gulabi auto project but the government seems to be dragging its feet on this. Bangalore would probably have the largest working population of women employees working late nights, and the government seems to be apathetic to their needs," said TV Mohandas Pai,VP, BPAC.
All She-Taxi drivers own the cabs they run and easily earn between Rs 5,000 and Rs 20,000 per month.

You can buy a clean past with Rs 8 000: Uber drivers(Shiv Kumar Yadav, 32, the…)
NEW DELHI | MUMBAI: How much does it cost to buy a clean background check in India's capital?
Drivers for Uber Technologies Inc. say the equivalent of $130 or Rs 8,000 Uber, one of the most highly valued US technology startups, requires drivers in India to submit a character certificate endorsed by police. This can be obtained for a bribe regardless of qualifications, according to three drivers for the company. Police deny this.
The December 6 rape of a 26-year old office worker in a well-to-do section of New Delhi has sparked a national debate on how to regulate taxis, long considered one of India's safer options for getting around.
Delhi banned Uber from operating and Prime Minister Narendra Modi's government has called on states to ban all web-based taxi services until stricter rules are in place. "It's not very rare for this kind of thing to happen here," Raj Kumar , who started driving for San Francisco-based Uber three months ago, said of the rape. "This time, it's getting headlines because a foreign company is involved."
A document from police certifying good character can be bought for Rs 8,000 ($130), Kumar said. A license and registration can be obtained without taking a driving test or passing a vehicle inspection for Rs 4,000, he added. Two other Uber drivers in Delhi - Manoj Shah and Kulbhushan, who goes by one name - confirmed the prices.
Shiv Kumar Yadav, 32, the driver accused of rape, is a resident of Mathura. In August, he received a "character certificate" from Delhi police stating he had never been "involved in any criminal offence."
Home minister Rajnath Singh on Tuesday told lawmakers the document was a forgery. Uber lacked the local permit needed to operate legally in Delhi and will remain banned until it receives the necessary licensing, he said.
"Rape is a national shame," Singh said. He vowed to take "all steps" to ensure justice in the case, including closed-circuit cameras, clearer taxi regulation and phone helplines for women.
Crimes against women in New Delhi are increasing after protests last year forced authorities to prioritise gender-related accusations, instead of dismissing complaints filed by women. This year, 13,230 cases of crime committed on women were registered, compared with 11,479 a year earlier, state home minister Haribhai Parthibhai Chaudhary wrote to Parliament last week.
Yadav didn't comment to reporters when he showed up to court on Tuesday with his face covered. He doesn't yet have a lawyer, according to police, who say he confessed to the crime under interrogation.
Police have recorded Yadav's statement and completed the process of gathering evidence, which they believe will be enough for conviction, Madhur Verma, deputy commissioner of police for Delhi's north district, said on Wednesday.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Should India build big coal power projectsHere's why coal may become an unattractive source of energy in the long run
Hari Pulakkat, ET Bureau Dec 11, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Andhra Pradesh
(Coal-based power projects…)
Industry estimates peg the capital costs of a thermal power plant in the range of Rs 4-5 crore per megawatt. The government has reportedly sanctioned at least 200,000 mw of thermal power capacity, which translates to a capital investment of Rs 10 lakh crore over a decade or more. What if, when they are all ready to start producing electricity, the thermal power plants can no longer be operated due to a combination of economic, social and environmental reasons?
This is probably a hypothetical question, but one that is being asked in energy circles, especially from those pushing hard for renewable energy. As the coal blocks get ready for auction once again, and the power industry prepares for a frenzy of construction, the headwinds against coal are getting stronger. The black gold is still the cheapest among the world's energy sources, and will probably remain so for some time, but thermal power plants will have to fight an increasingly tough battle against winds that are powerful enough to cause serious disruption to even well-executed plans. "You need 'plannability' to execute large power projects," says Tobias Engelmeier, founder and director of the consulting firm Bridge to India. "Now that is gone."
Here is a list of the forces against coal. Now that China has agreed to a cap on emissions by 2030, pressure will be on India to cap and then reduce its own emissions. Coal mining will continue to be delayed due to agitations from people around the mines, and coal prices will continue to fluctuate around the world. Health concerns are set to rise in India, like in China, as more and more thermal power plants go on stream, thereby bringing in judicial review and regulations. As water shortages increase, thermal power plants will feel the pinch as much as any other business.
All these would increase the price of coal, or at least create big uncertainties over the decade. The strongest headwind against coal is none of these: it is the disruptive effect of solar power. The price of solar power has been falling relentlessly, and this fall is slated to continue over the decade. Ten years ago, solar power modules used to cost $10 a watt. Now it costs 50 cents a watt. In India, solar power prices have fallen by 60% over the past three years, bringing it close to parity with coal.
Scarce resources
Falling prices will take solar power to grid parity within a few years, although grid parity is the wrong yardstick to judge solar power. "Renewable energy sources can be a long-term solution for Indian electricity needs," says Rahul Shah, CEO of Tata Power Renewable Energy, "as unlike non-renewable sources like coal where costs escalate on a yearly basis a renewable power plant has fixed costs for the next 25 years of operation."
It is not difficult to put two and two here. As coal prices increase or remain stable at best, solar energy prices continue to fall. Solar will become as cheap as within three years and substantially cheaper than coal in about a decade. Coal plants need continual supply of coal and water while solar plants need none. The game would have been over then, except for two crucial reasons. Solar power is intermittent. And India's peak demand comes when the sun begins to go down. The country would thus need another source, and coal still seems to be the best option. "A simple number for the cost of power isn't always sufficient," says Rahul Tongia, non-resident fellow of Brookings India. "Much of renewable energy doesn't provide power during peak demand in India, requiring additional capacity for meeting the peak."
  Before examining the case of solar, consider some of the other headwinds first. So far, India had assumed that it could continue to use fossil fuels even amidst international pressure, mainly because the country's per capita emissions are quite low. However, there are signs that things would be different in the next decade. Last month, in a landmark agreement with the US, China finally relented and decided to cap its emissions by 2030. This is the first admission by China that it had to be part of the climate change mitigation process. "It is no good if this is where it stops," says Navroz Dubash, senior fellow at the Centre for Policy Research in Delhi. "If it is a down payment it is significant."

Coal auction phase I to offer 92 mines with 350 million tonne reservesYou are here: Home > Collections
Coal auction phase I to offer 92 mines with 350 million tonne reserves
ET Bureau Dec 11, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Anil Swarup
(The coal ministry is in the…)
NEW DELHI: The government is likely to kick-start first phase of coal blocks auction on December 23 offering about 92 mines with 350 million tonne of estimated reserves to public and private firms, coal secretary Anil Swarup said on Wednesday.
"The tender documents are likely to be put on the website on December 23. For each mine there will be a separate set of document," he said at an interactive session organised by industry body Assocham. The winter session of Parliament concludes on December 23.
Swarup said the coal ministry is in the process of earmarking blocks for public and private firms and segregating them further for the power, steel, cement and captive power sectors. He said the ministry is expected to complete the task in the next 2-3 days.
The blocks will include 42 operational mines with about 90 million tonnes of reserves and 32 soon-to-be operational mines with 120 mt coal that could begin production in the next six to eight months.
Nearly 20 additional blocks with 150 mt of estimated reserves are being identified for allotment in the first phase that could start operations in the next eight to 10 months.
The government targets to finish coal blocks allotment and auction process by March 16, 2015, Swarup said.
He said the government will soon launch an electronic platform to address all regulatory hurdles related to coal mines on the lines of the Project Monitoring Group that led to fast-tracking over Rs 6,00,000 crore infrastructure projects.
The government is also working to increase output of Coal India Ltd to one billion tonnes by 2019. "There is a desire to increase production of Coal India Ltd from the present 460 mt to a billion tonnes by 2019 for which we have worked out a detailed mine-wise production plan and evacuation plan," Swarup said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Plan to get clearances for 112 coal mines before auction: GovernmentAnil Swarup
(The government had earlier cancelled the…)
NEW DELHI: Government is looking at the possibility of putting in place all clearances for 112 mines before they are auctioned in the second phase, so that they fetch higher revenue for the exchequer, a top official said today.
"We are toying with the idea whether we can first get clearances of the coal blocks (around 112 mines) and then hand them over," Coal Secretary Anil Swarup said at an interactive session organised by industry body Assocham.
The cleared blocks will fetch the government more money, he added.
The government had earlier cancelled the auction of three coal blocks stating that issues related to certain clearances need to be "revisited".
In the first phase, the Coal Ministry will auction or allot 92 of the 204 blocks that were cancelled by the Supreme Court in September. The sale process for these mines will start on February 11.
The Secretary further said that work on the 112 mines will immediately start after the government allots or allocates the 92 mines.
"We will immediately work on the rest of the mines (112) after these mines (92 mines in the first lot). In fact, we will start working on it from 22nd of December," he said.
The government, he said, is looking at coal production of 1.6 billion tonnes over the next five years. Coal India, which accounts for over 80 per cent of the domestic coal production, is expected to produce one billion tonnes by 2019, the remaining 600 million tonnes will be produced by the the private sector.
Out of the 92 coal blocks to be alloted and auctioned in the first lot, 57 mines would be given to the power sector, while the remaining mines would be for the sectors like steel and cement.
The apex court had in September termed the allocation of 204 mines since 1993 as "arbitrary and illegal".
The government had already made it clear that the number of mines a company can bid will be capped to avoid monopoly.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nissan to recall around 152 000 cars worldwide over Takata air bagsYou are here: Home > Collections > Cars
Nissan to recall around 152,000 cars worldwide over Takata air bags
Reuters Dec 11, 2014, 11.08AM IST
Tags:
Japan
TOKYO: Nissan Motor Co said on Thursday it would recall around 152,000 cars worldwide that carry potentially defective Takata Corp air bags.
Japan's No. 2 automaker said it was recalling cars using Takata's passenger side air bags including its Presage minivan models.
Nissan said it expanded its recall after a recent "unusual deployment" of a Takata air bag at a salvage yard in central Japan , which also triggered recalls by Toyota Motor Corp .
The company also said it was recalling 250,000 cars, including its March model in Japan, over separate issues with its door mirrors.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Govt s big solar push: Several power projects announcedNarendra Modi
(The Cabinet approved setting…)
NEW DELHI: Moving ahead on Narendra Modi government's mission to push solar power initiatives, the Cabinet approved several projects including solar parks and Ultra Mega Solar Power Projects across the country.
"The Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA), chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi approved the scheme for setting up of 1000 MW of Grid-Connected Solar PV Power Projects with VGF (Viability Gap Fund) support of Rs 1000 crore, by CPSUs under various Central/State Schemes, in three years period from 2015-16 to 2017-18," a press release said. "The scheme will have a mandatory condition that all PV cells and modules used in solar plants set up under this Scheme, will be made in India," the release stated.
The Cabinet approved setting up of 25 solar parks of 500 MW capacity each, as also Ultra Mega Solar Power Projects, which will require central government financial support of Rs 4,050 crore.
The solar parks will be set up across the country during five years, from fiscal 2014-15 to 2018-19. The solar parks will be developed in collaboration with state governments and their agencies and the choice of implementing agency for developing and maintaining the park would also be decided by the state government.
The scheme will have a mandatory condition that all PV cells and modules used in solar plants set up under this scheme will be made in India.
All states and Union Territories will be eligible for benefitting under the scheme, while solar parks will enable development of solar power in remote areas where land is inexpensive, the government said in a post-cabinet statement.
As a transmission system will be developed for the entire Park, developers will not have to set up their own transmission lines. This will not only save money but will also avoid damaging the landscape of the area as only limited transmission lines would be laid.
Further developers would be able to set up projects quickly as they will not have to get statutory and other clearances.
To promote energy security and ecologically sustainable growth, the government also gave the green signal for installation of solar power plants in defence and paramilitary establishments by utilising available area.
The Cabinet gave its approval for setting up over 300 MW of grid-connected solar PV power projects by defence establishments and paramilitary forces in the country under an ambitious solar mission of the government.
The Cabinet gave its approval for "setting up over 300 MW of grid-connected and off-grid Solar PV Power Projects by defence establishments under Defence Ministry and paramilitary forces under Home Ministry with VGF under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Solar Mission (JNNSM) in five years--that is from 2014 to 2019," the release said.
The Cabinet approved provision of an amount of Rs 750 crore for Ministry of New and Renewable Energy (MNRE) from the National Clean Energy Fund (NCEF) for the purpose.
It also granted permission for right to use defence land by the developers chosen by defence establishments by way of lease and otherwise or for self-use of the same by defence establishments themselves, for the purpose of setting up of solar power projects and sale of excess power to distribution companies.
The defence organisations will be free to own the power projects or get a developer who makes the investment and supplies power at a fixed tariff of Rs 5.50 per unit, the release said.
The use of domestically manufactured equipment will boost indigenous production of solar cells and modules, it said, adding, the defence sector will be able to get clean power at reasonable price for 25 years.
Note: The Gujarat canal-top solar power plant slideshow (below) was made in April 2013.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Solar power can be for India what shale is for the USSolar power can be for India what shale is for the US
Dec 11, 2014, 08.46AM IST
Tags:
(The Centre should provide…)
By Akhil Gupta, Akhil Handa & Mayank Rawat
The new government has unfurled plans to build 100 gw of solar power by 2022. Here are a few suggestions to execute this grand vision:
First, it's time the general perception that solar energy is expensive is removed. India gets 70% more solar radiation than European countries. This means the same solar panels yield 70% more power in India. In addition, peak demand in India coincides for 70-80% of the time during which solar energy is harnessed. This peak demand is mostly met by diesel, which costs almost double that of solar electricity, currently at Rs 6-7 per kWh.
So, when we commission a solar plant, it will displace diesel for 70-80% of its generation and imported coal for the rest. At all times, solar is substituting for imported energy, which is far more expensive.
Second, adequate capital should be raised without crowding out investments in other sectors. The proposed 100 gw capacity requires about $125 billion, of which $90 billion will be debt financing. The global financial crisis has created a great opportunity for availing cheaper credit from global markets. As per International Energy Agency (IEA) estimates, green energy will receive almost 60% of the $5 trillion expected to be invested in new power plants over the next decade. Solar's requirement is less than 2% of this amount.
The Holy Grail of successful financing is effective allocation of risks between different stakeholders — in this case the consumer, the investor, central/state governments and the developer. The development cost and schedule risk are best borne by technically competent solar power developers once a power purchase agreement (PPA) is signed with a state electricity board (SEB). The developer is in the best situation to procure land, negotiate for panel prices with investors and execute the project expeditiously.
  Fortunately, solar power requires far fewer clearances than for coal and doesn't require contiguous land. The government should put a 25 mw per bid floor to ensure technical and financial competence of the bidder.
A big part of solar energy costs is the cost of debt, since fuel costs are zero and operational costs are minimal. Any action by government to reduce interest cost will reduce the cost of solar energy and accelerate its adoption. A foreign lender will view depreciation of currency as a risk since the tariff is designated in rupees and will want to be compensated for that higher risk.
The government/RBI should mitigate that risk away from foreign lenders. This potentially has no cost to the government/RBI since implementation of solar energy will contribute to the appreciation of the rupee. This is because we estimate forex savings of more than $500 billion over a 25-year period from the commissioning of 100 gw solar power and substituting the use of diesel and imported coal.
The developer is incurring a major portion of costs in dollars, but is shielding the consumer from rupee depreciation risk by designating the tariff in rupees. Solar investments' dollar economic internal rate of return to the Indian economy is in the high teens while the borrowing of debt could be only at 5-6%. The economic surplus from each project is transferred to and aggregated in the larger Indian economy. Hence, the role of the RBI and government is perfectly justified and is crucial in achieving this grand vision.
If developers can avail of the debt in rupee at 5-6% — i.e. at the same interest as that of international dollar denominated debt, they can provide solar power at less than Rs 5/kWh, and that too with no escalation in future. They also don't strain the domestic banks and can raise all the debt abroad.
The government can easily raise about $15-20 billion per annum over the next five years from external sources including NRIs, multilateral agencies, development banks, sovereign wealth funds and lend directly to projects once the PPA is signed up. This will also accelerate development of solar projects since raising debt financing for individual projects can consume a lot of resources.
One must also ensure reliability of cashflows from solar projects. There are substantial credit risks which hound the power sector due to the deteriorating credit profile of the SEBs and the lax enforcement of the renewable purchase obligation (RPO) mechanism. The state government needs to backstop the PPAs with the SEBs and ensure strict compliance of the RPOs.
The Centre should provide a guarantee that if states/SEBs do not pay their solar developer in time, they will step up and take it out of allocation to the states. Only those states that sign up for this programme should be entitled to the foreign exchange risk covered by the central government/RBI and avail of cheap solar power.
The benefits of tapping into our own clean energy source are unmatchable from an energy security viewpoint, climate change mitigation, adoption of future-proof technology and developing quicker power sources, generation of employment accelerating our growth rate. There is little doubt that the government needs to ensure reliable and cost-effective energy supply to ensure making the 'Make in India' programme a resounding success. There are few initiatives so impactful and so easily doable for our country. Solar can be the shale equivalent of India.
(Gupta is Chairman of Blackstone, India. Handa is a former Asian energy analyst at JP Morgan, Hong Kong. Rawat is Principal, Blackstone, India)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Union Cabinet approves setting up of 25 solar parksUnion Cabinet approves setting up of 25 solar parks
PTI Dec 10, 2014, 11.04PM IST
Tags:
Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs
(The scheme will have a mandatory…)
NEW DELHI: The Union Cabinet today approved setting up of 25 solar parks of 500 MW capacity each, as also Ultra Mega Solar Power Projects across the country, which will require central government financial support of Rs 4,050 crore.
Besides, the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs approved a scheme for setting up 1,000 MW grid connected solar power projects by PSUs and central government organisations, with a Viability Gap Funding support of Rs 1,000 crore.
The solar parks will be set up across the country during five years, from fiscal 2014-15 to 2018-19, while 1,000 MW Grid-Connected Solar PV Power Projects would be set up under various central and state schemes in three years period from fiscal 2015-16 to 2017-18.
The solar parks will be developed in collaboration with state governments and their agencies and the choice of implementing agency for developing and maintaining the park would also be decided by the state government.
The scheme will have a mandatory condition that all PV cells and modules used in solar plants set up under this scheme will be made in India.
The Finance Minister, while presenting Budget 2014-15, had announced that new and renewable energy deserves a very high priority and proposed to take up Ultra Mega Solar Power Projects in Rajasthan, Gujarat , Tamil Nadu, and Laddakh in Jammu & Kashmir for which he had set aside a sum of Rs 500 crore in the Budget.
All states and Union Territories will be eligible for benefitting under the scheme, while solar parks will enable development of solar power in remote areas where land is inexpensive, the government said in a post-cabinet statement.
As a transmission system will be developed for the entire Park, developers will not have to set up their own transmission lines.
This will not only save money but will also avoid damaging the landscape of the area as only limited transmission lines would be laid.
Further developers would be able to set up projects quickly as they will not have to get statutory and other clearances.
A number of government entities such as NTPC , NHPC , CIL , IREDA and Indian Railways are coming forward to set up solar power projects.
FEATURED ARTICLES

With uncertain airline future  buy tickets from travel portalsWith uncertain airline future, buy tickets from travel portals
By Saurabh Sinha, TNN | 11 Dec, 2014, 11.21AM IST
Air travellers in India are left to fend for themselves if the airlines they have booked shuts down before their travel date.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Air travellers in India are left to fend for themselves if the airlines they have booked shuts down before their travel date. Refunding passengers and employee salaries comes at the fag end of a long list of payables that such airlines face which is headed by clearing statutory dues and bank loans .
In such a scenario, the best bet for flyers who want to book airlines facing an uncertain future is to buy tickets through reputed travel portal or big agencies. At least, flyers will stand some chance of getting their money back in case the airline folds up as the portal will pay them back and then keep doing rounds of courts to get their money from airlines.
"This is what happened with Kingfisher. We refunded people who bought the airline's tickets from us. We still have to get a few crores from Kingfisher. At present also, we are refunding passengers whose flights have been cancelled and hopefully we will be paid," said travel portal Yatra.com president Sharat Dhall .
In recent past a number of airlines like Kingfisher, MDLR and Paramount have folded up and travel agents complained that they had refunded passengers while they were yet to get their money from the airline.
But people will be advised to check the portal or agency's policy of refunding in case of airline closure as there is no hard and fast rule on refunds in India. Successive governments and aviation authorities have shown more interest in saving airlines and airports. Passenger rights have not been too important for them.
Thomas Cook MD Madhavanan Menon, said, "It does not matter how the ticket has been bought — through airline website or other distribution channels. We pay airlines every week for tickets sold and don't get any credit. We are only facilitators," he said.
During the Kingfisher fiasco Air India had accepted a large number of passengers of Kingfisher's cancelled flights when the airline had been slashing its schedule due to leasors taking back planes.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

IAS Officer likely to head Air India againIAS Officer likely to head Air India again
Mihir Mishra, ET Bureau Dec 11, 2014, 04.17AM IST
Tags:
Air India
(PESB had invited applications…)
NEW DELHI: Air India is likely to get a career bureaucrat yet again as its next chairman and managing director, with the search and selection committee formed by the civil aviation ministry expected to pick an IAS officer to steer the debt-laden national carrier.
The Prime Minister's Office has given the deadline of middle of next month to the committee, which will be headed by cabinet secretary Ajit Seth and have secretaries of civil aviation ministry and the department of personnel and training among its members, to find a suitable candidate, a senior civil aviation ministry official said.
"We have formed a search and selection committee to select Air India CMD because the Public Enterprise Selection Board has not been able to find a suitable candidate for the job yet," said the official, who did not wish to be identified.
PESB had invited applications till September 27 and the interviews were scheduled on October 21. However, the interviews had to be postponed since the PESB could not shortlist candidates.
"We could not meet the earlier deadline of October 11 and had then sought a threemonth extension from the PMO. Now we have to complete the process before the mid January," said the official. Air India's current CMD Rohit Nandan completed his three-year term on August 11, but he was given an extension till August 21, 2015 or till a new candidate is found for the job. Nandan is a 1982 batch IAS officer of UP cadre.
The committee is more likely to pick an IAS officer than an aviation professional or expert, the official added. PESB's selection process required the selected candidate to resign from the current service to head Air India. This clause ensured that a lot of IAS and IPS officers did not apply for the position since they would have to resign from their services to take up this job.
FEATURED ARTICLES

No point in cutting rates by RBI till inflation cools: Neelkanth MishraAbu Dhabi
(Credit Suisse's Neelkanth…)
Neelkanth Mishra, MD and India Strategist at Credit Suisse said a decline in crude oil prices and drop in current account surpluses in many oil exporting countries means that India will see slower fund flows going ahead. In an interview with ET's R Sriram & Biswajit Baruah, he said the RBI should look at inflationary expectations and till inflationary expectations don't come down there is no point cutting interest rates. Edited excerpts:
There has been a constant flow of good news recently including slide in oil prices, chances of fiscal deficit coming down, diesel price deregulation and so on. How do you read these headlines?
If you look at the decline in crude oil prices there are three implications — one is on the balance of payment, second is on the inflation, and third is on the fiscal numbers. Starting with the balance of payment the rule of thumb is $1 per barrel change in oil price affects the current account deficit (CAD) by about $1 billion a year. Thus, if there is a $20 decline in oil prices then there is a $20-billion impact on the current account deficit. As there is weak demand, it will hurt India's exports as well.
Further, capital flows get impacted, too — if you look at the sources of funds that invest in India, it's primarily the sovereign wealth funds (SWFs), the pension funds and the insurance funds. If Norway, Saudi Arabia, Abu Dhabi, Qatar, or Kuwait are not going to see the kind of surpluses that they used to then they will have less capital to send out, which will mean that capital flows into India will not be as strong as they were. Thus, I do not think oil price fall will boost the currency or balance of payment situation.
Is there a possibility that inflation may bounce back early next year and hence interest rates are unlikely to come down in the near term?
My sense is that once the base effect is gone by December, we could see inflation rise again; this may not be to double digits or high single digits levels but to levels which will be more in line with the glide path that the RBI has given. The RBI should look at inflationary expectations and till inflationary expectations don't come down there is no point cutting interest rates because that has to be the target. And, for inflationary expectations to come down one should see sustained lower inflation for several months.
What are the prospects of investments picking up in the economy?
We see there are areas where investment growth will happen. It goes without saying that we need to invest more in water treatment plants, sewage treatment plants, metro rails, and so on. There is always some capex that's going on, but if you are looking from the perspective of what can really drive GDP growth then you have to look at the whole basket, and unfortunately that part is not moving.
The whole basket will not move till you have power, metal, rail and road capex starting to come through. These are the four massive chunks of our investment basket. And for the needle to really start moving at the economy level you need to have maybe 100 cities doing investments at the same time. That seems hard right now.
  Are Indian market valuations comparable to emerging markets index or BRIC Index?
If you look at India's price-to-earnings the most common push-back is whether India is cheap or expensive. MSCI India price-toearnings in comparison to MSCI Emerging Markets price-to-earnings is at a multiyear high, or that India versus Asia price to earnings is at four year high. But how is that really relevant?
If emerging markets' biggest weights Brazil, Mexico, Russia, China, and Korea are seeing problems, with each market having its own idiosyncrasy and growth suppressor how is that even comparable to India? So, I use MSCI World Index to compare with MSCI India and on that the price-to-earnings comparison has barely moved, because the move in Indian equity markets is more a reflection of global preference for equities. People say India is the best among BRICS, but that's no comparison at all.
FII flows have been at $17 billion this year, compared to a run rate of over $20 billion for the last two years. What is your outlook on global flows into India?
Thefall in oil prices and decline in current account surpluses in many oil exporting countries means that India will see slower flows. We may see a market-share gain in flows versus other economies. If you look at the eventual sources of funds — pension funds, insurance funds, sovereign wealth funds — I think most of them are under-invested in India. So, some amount of flows will keep happening but not at the quantum that we are used to.
What are your top picks in the current state of the economy right now?
If you are looking from a 12-month perspective, we are advising three 'buy' baskets and this is something we have been doing for a while now — one is wholesalefunded financials with good asset franchises, because as wholesale funding rates keep coming down companies that have a reasonable asset franchise will grow their earning profitably, and we are already seeing signs of that.
The second theme is exports and what we are saying is that with 45% reduction in value of the currency since 2011, there are opportunities in import substitution and exports. And on the services side we like IT, we still like pharma, and may be even two-wheelers.
FEATURED ARTICLES

May see a rate cut post Budget if govt meets fiscal deficit targetCPI
('Maybe after the Budget,…)
In a chat with ET Now, Sudhir Agrawal, Fund Manager-Fixed Income, UTI MF, shares his outlook on treasury and rate cut. Excerpts:
Mythili Bhusnurmath: The market seems to be ahead of the curve and the RBI seems to be a little bit behind because we have seen banks cut their deposit rates, yields have fallen and the Governor also talked about the possibility of a repo rate cut even between policies. Do you think that is likely to happen now before the next policy?
Sudhir Agrawal: We have just gone through the RBI policy and it seems like that they are also surprised by the pace at which the CPI inflation has come off. They probably wanted to be double sure because they do not want to get into a situation where the CPI fall is just because of the base effect. So probably what they have tried to do is to wait for another two-three months and wait to see the impact of both the normalisation of the base effect on the CPI reading.
Also, the winter crop has just arrived and then the impact of that on the food prices. How does it move from here for the next two-three months? Also, the oil prices. Do they stay back over here or what happens? Another factor they have highlighted is that they would like to see the government achieving the fiscal deficit number. The government has reiterated that they will achieve the number, but still the RBI probably would like to ensure that the number is met and post that there is a possibility that may be after the Budget, we might see a rate cut coming from the RBI if we do not see any significant risk suddenly appearing in terms of the oil price bouncing back.
Mythili Bhusnurmath: You spoke about the consumer price inflation and the numbers are due later this week. What kind of number are you expecting? Do you expect it to fall less than 5 per cent?
Sudhir Agrawal: Our expectation is the CPI number may print somewhere close to 4.5 per cent for the month of November, which we will publish towards the end of this week. A lot of that is definitely also because of the large base effect because last year around this time of the year, we had seen a significant uptick in the CPI. For that reason, we are having a lot of positive base effect and because of which the CPI inflation is expected to fall significantly.
There are a few other factors such as the fall in crude prices. That may start reflecting in the transportation side. On the other hand, food prices also have come off slightly. Now we have to see how much of that impact is passed on into this month number. But overall based on all these factors, we might see the reading close to 4.5 per cent, but probably a lot of that might reverse in the coming two-three months. We expect that it might stabilise somewhere between 6 per cent and 7 per cent in the next quarter and then from there we have to see how things move further, such as crude and food.
  ET Now: Clearly on the price front, we have much fewer worries than before, but the same cannot be said on the trade front. We have seen the second quarter current account deficit cross 2%. How worrisome is that?
Sudhir Agrawal: Yes, that was already reflected in the trade data which we have got earlier. We have seen a significant rebound in the gold imports, partly because of the festive demand. In September and October, we have seen a decent pickup in the gold demand and that was reflected in trade numbers and subsequently in the current account deficit number. But still, we are not worried about that because we have seen a significant fall in crude, i.e. 30% to 40%, and it will give us a lot of cushion. So even if gold imports may remain at higher levels and of late restriction has been removed from gold imports, it is not for this fourth quarter, but then for next quarter onwards, we might see gold imports still remaining high. But on the other hand, it might be offset by a significant fall in crude oil. So crude oil at the moment remains a key factor to watch out for because it will affect our current account deficit, fiscal deficit and inflation. Till now, India has benefited big time from the crude fall and we have to see whether it sustains close to the current levels or it again starts rebounding.
ET Now: Absolutely, we have benefitted big time from the fall in price of crude, but do you think the same kind of benefit will come from the fact that the Insurance Bill now seems a little closer to reality because the Standing Committee has submitted its report and things suddenly seem to be picking up? How much more of foreign investment can we expect n the hope of the bill getting past and as and when the Bill does get passed?
Sudhir Agrawal: Probably, I am not an expert on the area, but still if we are moving on the further reforms side, that is good for the economy. I am not sure about how much of the flows we will get exactly after this Bill is passed, but then, the overall view on India remains good and the FIIs are putting money in both debt as well as equity. In equity because of the good growth scenario and the expectations of decent and fast-paced reforms happening.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Microsoft India to offer buyback option for Lumia usersMicrosoft India to offer buyback option for Lumia users
Kalyan Parbat, ET Bureau Dec 11, 2014, 05.04AM IST
Tags:
Ajey Mehta
(The buy-back offer will…)
KOLKATA: Microsoft India will offer a buy-back option to nudge Lumia smartphone buyers to upgrade to higher-end models at minimal incremental costs, a move broadly aimed at revitalising its smartphones business in the country.
The buy-back assurance scheme will enable Lumia buyers to avail of a peak discount, equivalent to 65% of their existing device value, if they upgrade in three months from the last purchase. Discounts will range from 10% to 50% if such exchanges happen in six months and will also hinge on the condition of the older Lumia phone being swapped.
The move is aimed at spurring Lumia smartphone sales, especially "devices in the Rs 6K-to-15K price band where we see massive growth opportunities, through a guaranteed exchange process at industry-best resale prices," Microsoft India's managing director (mobile devices) Ajey Mehta told ET.
The buy-back offer will cover all Lumia smartphones purchased at company branded retail outlets, even if the older devices are scratched or have broken screens. For instance, a buyer will get a 10% discount on his next Lumia purchase even if his existing phone isn't in working condition.
The buy-back offer, however, won't be available if exchanges happen more than six months after the last Lumia purchase.
The Indian arm of the Redmond-based software-to-devices company has also teamed up with Capital First to offer a zero-interest finance option to crank up sales of its top-end Lumia 830 and 930 smartphones, priced at Rs 28,799 and Rs 38,649, respectively.
It is also trying to woo potential smartphone buyers through an extended warranty programme that offers "repairs and support" on all Microsoft mobile devices for an additional 12 months beyond the one-year original limited warranty.
Under its zero-interest handset finance scheme, consumers will need to make a down payment of two months and pay the rest in EMIs spread over seven months. Microsoft, however, declined to reveal whether it will shoulder the entire interest cost or if a portion is shared with financier, Capital Trust.
Microsoft, which acquired Nokia's phones business earlier this year, has positioned the buy-back assurance, handset finance and extended warranty schemes to prise open the smartphone market. This is especially since the company does not figure among India's top five smartphone vendors led by Samsung, Micromax, Lava, Karbonn and Motorola, according to data released by research firm IDC for the quarter to September.
Microsoft is not averse to the online smartphone sales model deployed by rivals such as China's Xiaomi or Lenovo-controlled Motorola in India, but Mehta said "the company wouldn't take any steps that could potentially jeopardise the business interests of its countrywide re-seller network".
So much so, the company is likely to step up investments in its re-seller network even as the US major prepares to rebrand all Nokia properties, including digital and mobility devices as Microsoft. It, will however, continue to use the Nokia brand for feature phones.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Apple could face iPhone 6 shortages next yearApple could face iPhone 6 shortages next year
By Business Insider | 11 Dec, 2014, 11.54AM IST
The iPhone 6 could be harder to find next year as Apple shifts its production ratio toward the 6 Plus, according to UBS analyst Steven Milunovich.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
The iPhone 6 could be harder to find next year as Apple shifts its production ratio toward the 6 Plus, according to UBS analyst Steven Milunovich .
"Given the ramp in [December] we do expect a sequential decline of 40 per cent or so in March, mostly in the smaller iPhone 6," he said. "We think interest in the larger 6 Plus may be greater than Apple expected, necessitating a mix shift."
Asia, particularly China, is driving demand for the 6 Plus.
Barclays recently predicted a strong demand for the 6 Plus this spring, coinciding with the giftgiving during Chinese New Year.
Apple initially underestimated demand for the 6 Plus, resulting in supply shortages.
UBS pointed not only to demand in China, but in the States as well.
"Sales in the US have been 3-to-1 in favour of the smaller iPhone 6, but that may be underestimating true 6 Plus demand given tight supply," said Milunovich.
We'll have to wait until next year to see if Apple can ramp up 6 Plus production without sacrificing iPhone 6 sales.

JP Nadda  Manohar Parrikar gainers in cabinet reshuffleYou are here: Home > Collections > Cabinet
JP Nadda, Manohar Parrikar gainers in cabinet reshuffle
Aman Sharma, ET Bureau Dec 11, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Jagat Prakash Nadda
(Jagat Prakash Nadda is considered…)
NEW DELHI: PM Narendra Modi has added heft to the cabinet committees after reshuffling his ministerial pack last month, inducting BJP heavyweight and health minister Jagat Prakash Nadda into the Cabinet Committee on Political Affairs (CCPA) among other appointments.
The PM brought Nadda into the CCPA when he reconstituted various cabinet committees last week, underlining the political importance of the minister whose predecessor Harsh Vardhan was not part of the first panel set up by the government in June.
Nadda is considered a key strategist and is believed to be close to both BJP president Amit Shah and RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat. His inclusion in the CCPA is expected to further strengthen the synergy between the party and the government.
Other key additions include railways minister Suresh Prabhu to the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA) while defence minister Manohar Parrikar is now a member of the CCPA, CCEA as well as the Cabinet Committee on Security (CCS). Parikkar has been placed lower in the pecking order than Rajnath Singh , Sushma Swaraj , Arun Jaitley, Venkaiah Naidu and Nitin Gadkari in the cabinet committees.
DV Sadananda Gowda, Prabhu's predecessor in rail ministry, was also a member of the CCEA and continues in the panel in his new capacity as the law minister. But Prabhu is expected to add muscle to the CCEA with his expertise in economic matters, officials said.
The CCEA met on Wednesday for the first time since it was reconstituted and notified by the cabinet secretariat on December 3. With the addition of Nadda and Parikkar, the CCPA now has 13 members, the same as the reconstituted CCEA. However, the CCEA also has three special invitees.
FEATURED ARTICLES

No more credit funds to women self-help groups: GovernmentArundhati Bhattacharya
(Women and child development…)
NEW DELHI: After jettisoning the Planning Commission as it currently stands and plans to recast the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee scheme, the Modi government is all set to scrap another legacy of the Congress regime—self-help groups (SHGs) for women.
These were popularised by the Congress over the years and used as the basis for extending loans at minimal rates, besides having been a key element of the microfinance business in some areas.
The government doesn't think they serve a useful purpose. Women and child development minister Maneka Gandhi said the idea was humiliating to women and is "the best way to end up in bad debt."
The minister has revamped the Rashtriya Mahila Kosh (RMK), the signature credit scheme of the previous Congress-led UPA government, because it had no vision and was an utter failure, she told ET. "They took an easy route. They were giving loans to NGOs at 6 per cent who were in turn giving them to people at 12 per cent. Over 400 NGOs never gave the money back. The scheme has landed most people in bad debt."
The revamped scheme will not give loans to SHGs. "When a man wants a loan for a business, he goes alone, not with a group. The idea of women having to take along 10 other women to seek a loan is degrading. Why should we do that to women?" Under the revamped scheme, women will be taught to make investments, market their skills and products and manage enterprises. RMK is being restructured into a bank that will focus on giving loans to individual women after providing them training in various fields. The ministry has already tied up with the ministry of small industries, which has allotted Rs 3,000 crore for the empowerment of women.
A restructuring committee was appointed by the minister in August to review the scheme. Suggestions were taken from top bankers, including Arundhati Bhattacharya, chairperson of SBI, Naina Lal Kidwai, country head of HSBC India, and KV Kamath, non-executive chairman of ICICI Bank among others. After that a new governing board of the revamped RMK was created that includes five women from different states who have worked with women's organisations.
The revamped scheme is be up and running by the end of the month with the team having been given 10 days to finalise changes, the minister said.
 
Women will be trained in IT, organic farming, plumbing, mobile repair and operating machines among others, except animal husbandry, said officials. Gandhi said most loans given to SHGs under the scheme were for cattle that led to bad debts, especially in North Indian states. "Pigs, cows, buffaloes and hens were bought from the loans. Eleven women milking one cow for a livelihood makes so sense," she said. "Often the cattle died, leaving the beneficiaries with a huge debt." Ministry officials said there had been some plans to merge the Bharatiya Mahila Bank started by the UPA government last year with the RMK but they fizzled out. "We had invited the bank to be part of the attempt but the officials didn't show much interest so we decided to move ahead on our own," an official said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mandatory school duty for senior government officers from 2015You are here: Home > Collections
Mandatory school duty for senior government officers from 2015
ET Bureau Dec 11, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
DoPT
(Under the initiative  senior…)
NEW DELHI: Starting next year, senior government officers will spend at least an hour every week interacting with school students and discussing a variety of issues including ethics, nation building, development and good governance under an initiative planned by the Narendra Modi government.
Although the bureaucrats will engage in a freewheeling chat with the students, they will not encourage any criticism of the government, according to the draft guidelines prepared by the department of personnel and training (DoPT).
Schools will soon be instructed to set aside a slot, preferably between 7 am and 9 am every Tuesday and Thursday. Under the initiative, which could be titled 'Rashtra Nirman (nation building)' or Garv (pride) or Sampark (communication), senior government officers, preferably who have done a foreign stint or have been trained abroad, will be encouraged to visit Navodaya Vidyalayas and Kendriya Vidyalayas .
The officers will make presentations on a topic, followed by an interaction with students of Class VIII onwards.
The exercise, aimed at nation building, will be conducted jointly by the human resource development ministry and DoPT.
DoPT has invited suggestions to the draft guidelines of the programme till the end of this month and the initiative will be formally launched on January 1, 2015.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Russia agrees to supply 12 nuclear reactors to India over 20 yearsYou are here: Home > Collections
Russia agrees to supply 12 nuclear reactors to India over 20 years
PTI Dec 11, 2014, 01.08PM IST
Tags:
Nuclear reactors
(Russian President Vladimir…)
NEW DELHI: Russia will build at least 12 nuclear reactors in India by 2035 and agreed to manufacture advanced helicopters as both countries today signed 20 pacts in oil, gas, defence, investment and other key sectors to futher ramp up their strategic cooperation.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Russian President Vladimir Putin, in their annual summit, vowed to take the close ties to a new level as both sides outlined a new vision for nuclear energy cooperation.
Calling Russia a "pillar of strength" for India, Modi, in a joint media interaction with Putin, said the strategic partner will remain New Delhi's "most important defence partner" though options have increased.
"President Putin and I discussed a broad range of new defence projects. We also discussed how to align our defence relations to India's own priorities, including Make in India.
"I am pleased that Russia has offered to fully manufacture in India one of its most advanced helicopters. It includes the possibility of exports from India. It can be used for both military and civilian use. We will follow up on this quickly," Modi said after around three-and-half-hour long meeting with Putin.
Referring to cooperation in the nuclear sector, Modi said both sides have charted out an ambitious vision for nuclear energy of at least ten more reactors and noted that they will have the highest standards of safety in the world.
"It will also include manufacture of equipment and components in India. This also supports our Make in India policy," he said.
The strategic vision document on nuclear cooperation said the two Sides have decided to fast-track the implementation of agreed cooperation projects for nuclear power plants.
"Both Sides will strive to complete the construction and commissioning of not less than 12 units in the next two decades, in accordance with the Agreement of 2008.
The 20 agreements signed between the two countries provided for cooperation in a spectrum of areas including nuclear energy, oil and gas, health, investment, mining, media and wind power.
Terming the talks as "substantive", Putin said Russia will support "joint high technology" projects and will facilitate the establishment of an Indian operator of mobile communications besides offering India its civil aviation aircraft.
Putin said Russia and India have been long cooperating in the defence sector and the two countries have reached a level of joint production of military hardware.
Indicating that Russia was not averse to production of military hardware in India, he said both the countries have already successfully implemented the Brahmos missile programme and was working on a jet fighter and the multi-role transport aircraft programme.
During the talks, the Indian side agreed to expeditiously identify a second site, in addition to Kudankulam, for the construction of the Russian-designed nuclear power units in India.
  On defence cooperation, Modi said a broad range of new defence projects were discussed that covered how to align "our defence relations to India's own priorities, including Make in India."
"I also proposed that Russia should locate manufacturing facilities in India for spares and components for Russian defence equipment in India. He responded very positively to my request," the Prime Minister said.
Noting that energy security was critical to India's economic development, Modi said both countries will set an ambitious agenda for partnership in oil and natural gas.
The pacts signed today include an agreement which provides for cooperation, covering joint exploration and production of hydrocarbons, long term LNG supplies and joint study of a hydrocarbon pipeline system connecting Russia with India.
Oil India Limited signed an MoU Russia's Zarubezhneft for cooperation in joint search and evaluation of new hydrocarbons exploration, production, and transportation projects.
India's ESSAR and Russia's ROSNEFT also inked a pact for long-term supply of crude oil. The pact envisages ten year supply and purchase by India of crude oil.
An MoU was signed between TATA Power and Russian Direct Investment Fund (RDIF) for cooperation in exploring investment opportunities in the energy sector across the Russian Federation.
A separate pact was inked envisaging acquisition of stakes by a consortium of Indian companies in a USD two billion project of ACRON, a Russian fertilizer company.
The Nuclear Power Corporation of India Limited (NPCIL) and ATOMSTROYEXPORT (ASE) also signed an agreement for setting up of unit 3 and 4 of Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant. The document marks commencing of the implementation of the project.
The Press Trust of India(PTI) and Russian news agency Tass also signed an agreement envisaging cooperation on exchange of news.

Why airlines cannot afford to have the day s first flight delayedWhy airlines cannot afford to have the day's first flight delayed
1/9
Why airlines cannot afford delays
11 Dec, 2014
Tweet
Text: AP
For years, Southwest was the most punctual of big US airlines, so its tumble toward the bottom of government rankings for on-time arrivals was stunning.
Southwest officials needed to fix an ill-fated decision to squeeze more flights into the schedule. This summer, they backed off by allowing more time between flights. And they told employees that the first flight of the day on every route had to leave on time.

Standout features of Galaxy Note Edge  Droid TurboAP Review: Standout features of Galaxy Note Edge, Motorola Droid Turbo and  Xperia Z3
10 Dec, 2014
Tweet
Text: AP
There's an Android phone for everyone. Need to swim with it? Get a waterproof model. Travel a lot? Get one with longer battery life.
The novel features in these phones aren't going to be necessities for everyone. But if you're in need of that particular feature, you're going to love it.
Prices listed are without contract requirements. With two-year contracts, carriers typically offer substantial discounts on phones, but charge higher monthly service fees.

Russia s skyscraper to be Europe s tallest!Federation Tower: Tallest skyscraper in Europe built in Russia
11 Dec, 2014
Tweet
Economictimes.com
The Federation Tower - a key project of Moscow city, is slated to be the tallest skyscraper building business complex in Europe by the time of its completion.
Image: Moscow's city center skyscrapers are seen through the morning smog as the sun rays shining on them are reflected on the surface of the frozen river in Moscow, Russia on November 21, 2014.

Sugar stocks rally after CCEA fixes price on Ethanol procurementStreet sees good show after stellar year
Sugar stocks gained as much as 15% on Thursday following the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs’ (CCEA) decision to fix a price of Rs 48.5-49.5 for ethanol procurement by Oil Marketing Companies (OMCs).
Among the sugar stocks, Simbhaoli Sugars (15.1%), Balrampur Chini (6.1%), Shree Renuka Sugars (6.2%), Bajaj Hindusthan (6.4%) and Dhampur Sugar Mills (3%) were the major gainers.
The CCEA today (Wednesday) fixed the delivered price of Ethanol in the range of Rs 48.50 per litre to Rs 49.50 per litre, depending upon the distance of sugar mill from the depot/installation of the public sector oil marketing companies (OMCs), an official statement said.
For the distance ranging from 0-100 kms price is fixed at Rs 48.50 per litre, for 101-300 kms price will be around Rs 49.00 per litre and for the distance more than 300 kms price will be around Rs 49.5 per litre, the statement added.
“The rates proposed would be delivered price at depot location and inclusive of all Central and State taxes, transportation costs, etc which would be borne by the Ethanol suppliers,” it added.
Post Comments
More from indianmarkets

Lupin shares gain on launch of generic form of CelebrexStreet sees good show after stellar year
On a day when benchmark indices were trading in the red, shares of Lupin were trading about 1% higher at 1.30 pm IST on Thursday as the pharma major announced the launch of generic version of Celebrex Capsules.
In an exchange release, Lupin said that it had earlier signed a licensing agreement with Pfizer Inc regarding Celebrex. Celebrex Capsules had annual US sales of$2.54 billion (IMS MAT September, 2014).
Celebrex helps to treat pain and inflammation caused by arthritis and other conditions.  
Post Comments
More from indianmarkets

Strong dollar hits US corporate profitsStrong dollar hits US corporate profits
Eric Platt in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5bd81554-80d3-11e4-872b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Cheap energy bonds fail to tempt rallyCheap energy bonds fail to tempt rally
Vivianne Rodrigues in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/30c0234c-807f-11e4-9907-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Russia to fully  Make in India  advanced helicopterhelicopters
(Modi also proposed that…)
NEW DELHI: In a major boost to India's defence sector, Prime Minister Narendra Modi in a joint statement with Vladimir Putin a on Thursday said that Russia has offered to fully manufacture in India one of its most advanced helicopters .
"Russia has been India's foremost defence partner through decades. Even as India's options have increased today, Russia will remain our most important defence partner," PM Modi said. "We have conducted joint exercises across all three wings of the Armed Forces in the last six months," he added.
Modi said that he discussed a broad range of new defence projects with Putin. "I am pleased that Russia has offered to fully manufacture in India one of its most advanced helicopters. It includes the possibility of exports from India. It can be used for both military and civilian use. We will follow up on this quickly," Modi said. "We also discussed how to align our defence relations to India's own priorities, including Make in India," he added.
PM:When PM Vajpayee held Moscow Summit in 2001 I was there 2 sign sister-state agreement between Gujarat & Astrakhan pic.twitter.com/feBayTa7UA
— Syed Akbaruddin (@MEAIndia) December 11, 2014
Modi also proposed that Russia should locate manufacturing facilities in India for spares and components for Russian defence equipment in India.
Noting that Russia has been India's foremost defence partner through decades, Modi said his first visit outside Delhi as Prime Minister was to new aircraft carrier, INS Vikramaditya - a ship bought from Russia.
"It sails our seas as a great symbol of our defence cooperation. Even as India's options have increased today, Russia will remain our most important defence partner," Modi said in his statement to the media after holding meeting with Putin.
In yet another major announcement, Russia has agreed to supply nuclear reactors to India. "Today, we have outlined an ambitious vision for nuclear energy of at least ten more reactors. It will have the highest standards of safety in the world. It will also include manufacture of equipment and components in India. This also supports our Make in India policy," Modi said.
"Energy security is critical for India's economic development and creating jobs for our youth. Russia is also a key partner in this area," he said. "I am pleased that the first unit of the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant is on stream. It has added 20% to the existing capacity for nuclear power in India. We are on course for installing the next three units of 1000 MW each," Modi added.
Modi said, "The steadfast support of the people of Russia for India has been there even at difficult moments in our history. It has been a pillar of strength for India's development, security and international relations. India, too, has always stood with Russia through its own challenges."
"The character of global politics and international relations is changing. However, the importance of this relationship and its unique place in India's foreign policy will not change. In many ways, its significance to both countries will grow further in the future," he added.
In a joint statement released post Putin-Modi meeting, the two leaders said defence cooperation between India and Russia is founded on deep mutual trust and promotes wider peace and security.
"The two countries have already moved to a phase of joint design and development of defence systems. The sides recognize the virtually unlimited opportunities for enhancing this cooperation," the statement said.
(With inputs from PTI)

BSE Sensex  NSE Nifty fall to 6-wk lows; RIL  ONGC slip on crude dropBy: Press Trust of India | Mumbai |
Posted: December 11, 2014 11:55 am | Updated: December 11, 2014 4:59 pm
After a day’s breather, Indian stocks continued their downslide today with benchmark Sensex tumbling 229.09 points to six-week low of 27,602.01 on sharp losses in RIL and ONGC after further drop in crude oil price.
Similarly, the 50-issue CNX Nifty of the NSE also plunged by 62.75 points, or 0.75 per cent, to end below 8,300-mark for the first time after one and half months at 8,292.90.
In line fall in local equities, the Indian rupee fell to nine-month low levels of 62.3 against the greenback.
Weak Asian trends on the back of overnight steep fall on Wall Street amid slow down in capital inflows weighed on the stock market sentiment here.
Besides Oil&Gas, realty, IT, power and banking counters also suffered heavy losses while only some of the defensive pharma stocks attracted some buying interest.
Besides RIL and ONGC, Infosys, ICICI Bank, HDFC, Tata Motors, Bharti Airtel, TCS, Tata Steel, Hero MotoCorp, Tata Power and Gail India suffered marked losses.
Brent crude oil fell to five-year low below USD 65 a barrel, putting pressure on oil companies.
The BSE 30-share barometer resumed lower on weak Asian cues and moved in negative terrain throughout the day before concluding at 27,602.01, a fall of 229.09 points or 0.82 per cent. This is its weakest close since 27,346.33 on October 30.
Yesterday, Sensex had snapped a three-day falling trend as it recovered by about 34.09 points or 0.12 per cent.
“Weak Asian markets and fresh fears from Euro region kept Indian markets volatile. Mixed sentiments on the back of weak rupee and lower oil too added to the volatility. FII liquidity outflow on the back of profit booking too added to weakness,” said Hiren Dhakan, Associate Fund Manager, Bonanza Portfolio.
Investors were also cautious ahead of the release of Consumer Price Index-based inflation and Index of Industrial Production scheduled on Friday.
A total 11 out of 12 BSE sectoral barometers ended in the red. Market breadth was weak as about 1,750 stocks fell, 1,139 rose and about 100 ended flat.
Bucking the overall weak trend, sugar stocks were in limelight after government fixed higher price for ethanol procurement by PSU oil firms.

Indian companies ink pact to buy $2.1 billion diamonds from RussiaDec 11, 2014 at 04:53pm IST
Indian companies ink pact to buy $2.1 billion diamonds from Russia
16
0
New Delhi: Twelve Indian companies will buy diamonds worth US dollar 2.1 billion in the next three years directly from Russian diamond mining giant ALROSA.
These companies have signed three-year contracts with ALROSA during the ongoing World Diamond Conference being inaugurated by Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Russian President Vladimir Putin.
"We have signed 12 contracts with ALROSA today to source diamonds worth USD 2.1 billion in the next three years," Gems and Jewellery Export Promotion Council Chairman Vipul Shah said.
The 12 companies including Kiran Gems, Asian Star and Rosy Blue India have signed separate contracts with ALROSA.
#diamonds #russia #india #vladimir putin
Russia is the world's largest producer of diamond, while India is the world's biggest manufacturing centre for cut and polished diamonds.
The 12 companies including Kiran Gems, Asian Star and Rosy Blue India have signed separate contracts with ALROSA.
"Under the contracts, ALROSA has committed to supply diamonds worth about USD 700 million per year for a period of three years. This will help the country save considerable amount of commissions charged by trading hubs," Mumbai-based Rosy Blue India Managing Director Russell Mehta said.
Each company has tied up for different quantity and different quality of diamonds. The price at which diamonds will be supplied will be decided monthly depending on market rates, he added.
India meets its rough diamond requirement from Dubai, Antwerp and Belgium. The pact on direct supply gives an edge to Russia over these countries.
7

Essar signs USD 10-bn pact to import oil from RosneftEssar signs pact with Russia's Rosneft to import oil worth USD 10 billion
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 11, 2014  | 17:43 IST
Workers walk inside the complex of the Vadinar refinery, operated by Essar Oil in Gujarat. (Photo: Reuters)
Essar Group on Thursday, in one of the biggest oil deals, signed a US $10 billion contract to import crude oil from Russia over a 10-year period.
Essar signed a deal with Russia's top crude oil producer Rosneft to buy 10 million tons a year of oil, worth about US $10 billion, for 10 years beginning 2015.
The deal was among a host of agreements being signed during Russian President Vladimir Putin's visit to the country for talks with Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Moscow-based OAO Rosneft Chairman Igor Ivanovich Sechin said the agreement was to ship by sea as much as 10 million tons of oil per year to Essar Group. The oil deal, Sechin said, could be extended beyond 10 years.
Rosneft and Essar signed key terms of oil and oil products supplies to Essar refineries in the country.
Essar Oil - which operates a 405,000 barrels per day (bpd) refinery at Vadinar in Gujarat - and Rosneft issued a joint statement in the national capital, saying that supplies may begin in 2015.
This is one of the biggest oil import deals any domestic refiner as signed.
Reliance Industries' 15-year deal to purchase 300,000 bpd to 400,000 bpd crude oil from Venezuela is possibly the biggest by a home-grown company. Essar's 2,00,000 bpd (10 million tons a year) contract may be the second biggest.
Consequently, Rosneft expands its distribution area and builds up deliveries to the region, where the world's economy growth zones are concentrated, the statement said.
Essar head Shashi Ruia and Sechin signed the agreement in the presence the Russian President and PM Modi.
The Rosneft chairman said the agreement will have a substantial impact on the scale of economic cooperation between Russia and India.
"For our Indian partners the signing of this agreement represents a vital element of basic supplies diversification which, at the same time, will ensure energy security for the country. The Russian counterpart, in turn, will get the possibility of production and supplies volume planning to a new region with considerable growth potential," Sechin said.
Ruia said the pact provides good long term raw material security to Essar's refineries.
The reached agreement opens new horizons of cooperation between the two countries, thanks to the synergistic potential of the partnership in upstream and downstream areas of two leaders of the oil and gas industry of Russia and India.
Thanks to this agreement Rosneft grants itself a secure market outlet of oil and oil products, while Essar gains a reliable and stable partner as a supplier of oil and oil products to its refining facilities, the statement said.

Sebi cautions against repeat ponzi operators  names 51 firmsSebi cautions against repeat ponzi operators, names 51 firms
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 11, 2014  | 00:00 IST
Photo: Reuters
Concerned over a number of ponzi operators continuing to collect funds even after being barred to do so, regulator Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) on Thursday cautioned investors and general public against dealing with such entities and not be lured by promises of high returns.
Making public a list of 51 entities, which included many from West Bengal, the capital market watchdog asked investors not to invest in their illegal schemes that claim to offer much higher returns than banks and other registered entities.
Further, Sebi has asked the investors to report such unauthorised money pooling activities to the market regulator, state authorities including police immediately, along with appropriate details/documents.
The list of 51 entities banned by Sebi from raising funds include names like Saradha Realty India, Rose Valley Real Estate & Constructions, Sai Prasad Properties, Sun-plant Agro, NGHI Developers India and MPS Greenery Developers.
"It has come to the notice of Sebi that certain companies/entities unauthorisedly, without obtaining registration and illegally are collecting/mobilising money from the general investors by making false promises, assuring high return, etc", the market regulator said.
"Investors are advised to be careful if returns offered by the person/entity is very much higher than the return offered by regulated entities like banks, deposits accepted by companies, registered NBFCs, mutual funds etc", Sebi said.
The regulator further said it does not regulate any scheme or arrangement made or offered by Cooperative Society, Deposits accepted by Non-Banking Financial Companies (NBFCs), among others, and investors should not invest in any company that is not registered and regulated.

RBI Governor says CAD comfortable despite wideningRBI Governor says current account deficit comfortable despite widening
Suvashree Dey Choudhury     Kolkata   Last Updated: December 11, 2014  | 19:04 IST
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Raghuram Rajan has said the central bank is comfortable with the current account deficit (CAD) even after it widened in the July-September quarter.
Still, Rajan, speaking at a news conference after the central bank's board meeting, said risks remain to the CAD even though he was not apprehensive about it.
CAD widened to 2.1 per cent of gross domestic product in the July-September quarter, higher than both the previous quarter and a year earlier, showed data released by RBI on Monday.
Turning to the economy, Rajan said an interest rate cut won't by itself lead to higher economic growth, although he noted it would have an impact.
The RBI Governor also said the central bank was in discussions with the government about reviewing priority sector lending norms for foreign banks operating in India.
On raising limits on foreign investments in government bonds, Rajan said it would look at it at an appropriate time and expand it steadily.
(Reuters)

Corporates likely to tap debt markets abroad more: Fitch RatingsIndia manufacturing activity expands to 2-year high as orders surge; PMI at 54.5 in Dec
With investment cycle likely to pick up soon, Indian corporates may increasingly tap overseas debt markets to meet their funding requirement, says a report.
“We expect Indian corporates to increasingly access the offshore debt capital markets for their funding requirements. The growth is likely to be driven by the need to refinance debt and fund capex once the investment cycle restarts,” Fitch Ratings said.
It said the number of new issuers will also increase as many of the corporates are looking to diversify their funding sources.
The report said the offshore capital markets are becoming increasingly attractive to corporates partly because of better pricing for their bonds.
“The offshore markets now present a relatively more cost-effective funding source compared with onshore funding for Indian corporates that have material cash inflows denominated in foreign currency,” the international rating agency said.
Pricing of offshore bonds has also been aided by a reduction of withholding tax on interest payments of offshore bonds to 5 per cent from July 2014 compared with 20 per cent previously.
The demand for domestic bonds has also been strong due to expectations of improvement in the country’s economic growth, improved political stability and strong liquidity in global capital markets, the report said.
As per Fitch, offshore bond issuances by non-financial corporates have crossed USD 13 billion so far in 2014, compared with around USD 9 billion during entire 2013.
Issuances by non-investment grade (rated lower than ‘BBB-‘) corporates have increased significantly to over USD 5 billion in 2014 from USD 3 billion last year.
The number of such corporates issuing bonds has also increased to over ten compared with four in 2013.
During 2014, the majority of the bond issuances by the non-investment grade corporates have been for refinancing. A few used it to fund expansion or overseas acquisitions, the report said.
The Reserve Bank has recently come out with a circular which limits the raising of debt by Indian corporates, either directly or indirectly, in the offshore markets at rates above the interest cap set out in the Foreign Exchange Management Act.
It also imposes restrictions on domestic entities providing guarantees to their overseas subsidiaries or holding companies for raising offshore debt.
The report said norms may limit issuances by Indian corporates rated at the lower end of ‘BB’ category or lower, which typically pay higher interest rates.
Fitch, however, expects the number of new issuers tapping the offshore bond market to grow despite the RBI’s restrictions.
Post Comments
More from economy

Fund raising via NCDs halves in Apr-Nov FY15Fund raising by firms through NCDs halves to Rs 6,912 crore in Apr-Nov FY15
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 12, 2014  | 09:55 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Funds raised by listed companies through retail issuance of non-convertible debentures (NCDs) almost halved to Rs 6,912 crore during first eight months of the ongoing 2014-15 financial year as compared to the corresponding period in FY14.
NCDs are loan-linked bonds that cannot be converted into stocks and usually offer higher interest rates than convertible debentures.
An amount of Rs 15,021.73 crore was garnered by companies through 12 issues of NCDs during April-November 2013, as per latest data compiled by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi).
Meanwhile, during the April-November period in FY15, Rs 6,911.99 crore was raised from as many as 18 NCD issues by companies like Shriram City Union Finance, Kosamattam Finance, SREI Infrastructure Finance, ECL Finance, Manappuram Finance and IFCI.
Most of the funds were raised by the listed companies to support working capital requirements and for general corporate purposes.
The highest amount (Rs 1,974 crore) was garnered by Shriram Transport Finance Company in July, followed by IFCI (Rs 1,209.19 crore) in November.
Gold financing company Muthoot Finance raised funds worth Rs 466.19 crore through an issue in June and another Rs 397.78 crore in September.
Among others, ECL Finance mopped up Rs 400 crore, SREI Infrastructure Finance's issue garnered Rs 326.14 crore, Manappuram Finance's issue amounted to Rs 278.55 crore and Muthoottu Mini Financiers mobilised Rs 269.13 crore, in the 2014-15 fiscal.
In FY15, all the companies managed to raise funds above the initially targeted amount under their respective issues.

Bangladesh salvages oil-leaking sunken tanker in SundarbansBy: Press Trust of India | Dhaka |
Posted: December 11, 2014 7:31 pm
Bangladesh on Thursday retrieved an oil-leaking sunken tanker, two days after it capsized in a river at the Sundarbans, as the oil overnight spread in 34,000 hectares at the world’s largest mangrove forest.
“The oil tanker, Southern Star 7, has been salvaged. A rescue vessel pulled it out from the river and towed it to a nearby shoal,” a forest official said.
Only two out of six chambers of the tanker remained intact as rest four emptied after being hit by a cargo vessel, Chairman of nearby Mongla Port Commodore Habibur Rahman said adding that the tanker was carrying 350,000 liters of furnace oil while the two chambers contained 100,000 litres.
No official estimate was issued on the extent of oil spillage but sources said it might have spread over 50 km on the waters of Shela where the tanker sank, and Pashur rivers.
Authorities, meanwhile, ordered an intensified campaign to remove oil from the waters as it had spread quickly through a wide network of rivers and channels in and around the forest.
Shipping Minister Shajahan Khan said powdered chemicals would be sprayed from a vessel to subside the oil so that the risk of oxygen reduction in the water could be minimised.
Officials said the rescue vessel is equipped with oil dispersants, which can handle up to 10,000 litres of oil.
“We have planned measures to remove the oil by the next three days also engaging local fishermen to use their traditional methods of neutralising oil,” Rahman said.
The forest officials, however, began the use of fishing nets to sweep away oil since last night while the local administration also asked the residents at the neighbourhood to collect oil and sell the substance to the state-owned Padma Oil Company to get back incentives.
The government shut down a riverine route pierced through the Sundarbans for movement of vessels “until further order”.
The measures came following an overnight inter-ministerial meeting with the shipping minister amid calls from environmental activists to ban commercial vessels in the routes in and around the Sundarbans.
TV footages showed the Shela river painted with black layers of oil with the oil sweeping across the surface and the mangrove plantation on its both sides.
Locals said they spotted several forest animals like lizards and otters floating dead near the river banks. The scene of the accident is known as a sanctuary for dolphins and different rare aquatic animals and fishes.
The Sundarbans forest, which covers 26,000 square km in India and Bangladesh, is also the habitat of famous Royal Bengal Tigers.

Turkish actress trolled by  Islamists  for being the Pope s translatorTurkish actress trolled by 'Islamists' for being the Pope's translator
AFP
print
Serra Yilmaz said she has been insulted on social media since she acting as a translator for Pope Francis during his visit to Turkey in November. (Source: Wikimedia Commons)
A leading Turkish actress said she has been subjected to a welter of insults on social media since she acting as a translator for Pope Francis during his visit to Turkey in November.
 
Serra Yilmaz said she was "accused of being a Christian" by Islamist trolls, who were angry at the renowned actress agreeing to interpret for Francis.
 
"I was accused of being a Christian just because I acted as the translator of Pope Francis," Yilmaz told university students in the western port city of Izmir, Milliyet newspaper reported Thursday.
 
"It is ridiculous to judge people by their beliefs.
 
"But many people made groundless claims like 'the Vatican hired you,' or insulted me on social media," she said.
 
The 60-year-old stage and screen star, who is fluent in Italian, said she had been hired by Turkish foreign ministry to work as a translator during the pope's three-day visit to Ankara and Istanbul in late November.
 
Yilmaz, best known overseas for her roles in Italy-based Turkish filmmaker Ferzan Ozpetek's films, regularly works as a translator for Italian-speaking dignitaries and politicians visiting Turkey.
 
She had also worked as a translator for Pope Benedict XVI, Francis' predecessor, when he visited Turkey in 2006.
 
Yilmaz had drawn the ire of conservatives in Turkey -- run by an Islamist-rooted government for more than a decade -- when she famously said in 2012 that girls with headscarves scare her and they look like "monsters".
 
"Won't nuns scare Serra Yilmaz, who said headscarved girls look like monsters?" a Twitter user with the handle @hamdiaydinn wrote, while another suggested "it is now clear she is a missionary".
 
While Turkey is run on strictly secular lines, the vast majority of its 76-million inhabitants are Muslim. Turkey's Christian community is no more than 120,000-strong, most of them Greek Orthodox or Armenian.

GOSF a huge success this year: GoogleRoche loses patent for osteoporosis drug in India
Internet giant Google said that response to the ongoing Great Online Shopping Festival (GOSF 2104) has “exceeded wildest expectations”, with Tata Group’s realty arm Tata Housing having bagged 10,000 bookings in a single day.
“The GOSF has exceeded the wildest of our expectations with the response that we have had to GOSF,” Google India Managing Director Rajan Anandan said.
Anandan said that in spite of high traffic, the user experience is seamless and the sites are not going down.
“This is unlike the experience last year, when there were issues with connectivity,” he said.
He said realty firm Tata Housing alone has witnessed 10,000 bookings of flats within the first day of the GOSF, for which Google has tied-up with 450 merchants who are offering special discounts on merchandise.
The Google India head said this is very important as users have to pay Rs 25,000 for the booking.
Meanwhile, Bangalore-based Puravankara booked 125 homes online in less than 12 hours of the offer going live in both the Puravankara and Provident brands.
The sale, which is on till December 12, has seen sales of small and medium online retailers surge by up to ten times, while the same for established retailers like Flipkart and Amazon are up by up to 100 per cent, Anandan said.
The busiest section is a special deal corner offering items at Rs 299, while the busiest time for the shopping is between 1800-0000 hours and during lunch breaks between 1200-1400 hours, he said.
Post Comments
More from companies

Microsoft begins to cut Windows cordRisks high as Microsoft passes cloud milestone
Richard Waters in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1c149432-811a-11e4-b956-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

6 crushed stocks can t blame oil pricesEMAIL
AP
Blame oil! The stock market is down 2.4% from its high this year – and certainly energy stocks are a big reason — but not the only one.
There are six stocks in the Standard & Poor’s 500 that are down 8% or more since the market’s Dec. 5, 2014 peak that aren’t in the energy sector, including game seller GameStop (GME) , casino Wynn Resorts (WYNN) and fast-food chain Yum! Brands (YUM) .
Investors might be tempted to assume the market’s troubles are due to  plunging energy prices. And there’s no question seeing energy giant Exxon Mobil (XOM) fall nearly 6% is a big drag to overcome. But some stocks can’t easily point to oil prices as the reason for their troubles.
GameStop is a great example. The company has all sorts of problems, but falling oil prices aren’t among them. The seller of video games has seen its stock fall nearly 11% since Dec. 5 as consumers increasingly download games rather than visit the mall. Revenue during the quarter ended in November fell nearly 1% and net income dropped nearly 18%.
And over at casino operator Wynn, again, the blame isn’t pointed at energy for the stock’s 10% drop since Dec. 5. The casino operator has made a big bet on gaming in the Asian casino mecca of Macau. That bet isn’t looking great as the economy in China slows.
To be fair, there is somewhat of a direct hit on some companies that aren’t in the energy sector. First Solar (FSLR) , maker of solar equipment, is a great example. Shares are down nearly 6% in part due the fact that cheaper oil makes solar a less viable alternative. Shares of First Solar are down 8% since Dec. 5 as investors get nervous about the demand for solar gear if oil prices don’t rebound.
The bottom line? It’s easy to look past market losses saying it’s just because oil prices are falling and dragging down the market. There are some cases where there’s another very real scapegoat.
S&P 500 STOCKS DOWN THE MOST SINCE THE DEC. 5, 2014 PEAK – THAT AREN’T IN THE ENERGY SECTOR
Company

RBI reviewing priority lending norms for foreign banksRBI reviewing priority lending norms for foreign banks
Abhishek Law
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan, Deputy Governor HR Khan (right) and Economic Affairs Secretary Rajiv Mehrishi the RBI’s Central Board meeting in Kolkata on Thursday SUSHANTA PATRONOBISH
Will nudge them to convert Indian branches into wholly-owned subsidiaries: Rajan
Kolkata, December 10:  
The Reserve Bank of India is reviewing the priority sector lending norms for foreign banks; after which it will “nudge” them to convert their Indian branches into wholly-owned subsidiaries, Governor Raghuram Rajan said here on Thursday.
According to him, foreign banks have expressed their concerns and obligations (to the central bank and the Government) that they will have if they convert their branches into wholly-owned subsidiaries.
The primary concerns raised by these foreign banks relate to priority sector lending, which mandates that the banks lend to certain special sectors such as agriculture, small scale industries and education.
Rajan told reporters that once the norms are revised, the RBI will “nudge the foreign banks into adopting those structures.”
According to Rajan, new foreign banks, which are entering the country will fall under the wholly-owned subsidiary scheme framework.
Foreign banks that entered India after August 2010 will have to convert their branches into wholly-owned subsidiaries. The conversion is however, voluntary for those who have been operating in the country before this cut-off period.
New structure
“Those who are entering India will be coming under the structure; there is no issue with that. It was for those whom it was voluntary that we are trying to give an incentive to move into that structure by detailing the priority sector norms,” he said, and added that the bank was worried about systemic risks arising out of large foreign banks in India. Hence, the RBI had to be explicit about the costs and benefits of their moving into the new structure. “Otherwise it would be retrospective regulation, which we would not want to do,” he said.
However, if existing foreign banks apply for branch licences, the RBI will continue to grant the same. “We haven’t stopped giving branch licences,” Rajan said.
Steps in terms of introducing universal banking licences on tap basis will be taken after the RBI goes ahead with the licences for small and payments banks.
“We will re-examine the criteria we had for the universal banks and then come to a decision on reframing them. And then we will open the window at that point,” he said.
(This article was published on December 11, 2014)
Related

Indirect tax collections rise 7.1% in April-November 2014India manufacturing activity expands to 2-year high as orders surge; PMI at 54.5 in Dec
Indirect tax collections rose marginally by 7.1 per cent in the April-November period to over Rs 3.28 lakh crore, mainly on account of increase in revenue from service tax and customs.
However, excise collection, which is an indication of economic activity, declined by 0.2 per cent during the eight months period to Rs 1,02,762 crore, an official statement said.
Indirect tax collections so far this fiscal have been 52.7 per cent of the budget target of 2014-15, it added.
The government has budgeted to collect over Rs 6.24 lakh crore from indirect taxes in the current fiscal, up 20.28 per cent over the collection in 2013-14.
Service Tax collections increased 11.5 per cent during the eight months ending November to Rs 1,02,592 crore, which amounts to 47.5 per cent of the Budget target.
Mop-up from customs rose 10.2 per cent to over Rs 1,23,308 crore in April-November period, which is 61.1 per cent of Budget estimates.
Total indirect tax collection for November stood at Rs 44,060 crore.
During the April-September period of 2014-15, Index of Industrial Production (IIP) rose by 2.8 per cent, as against 0.5 per cent in same period of previous fiscal.
In the Budget for 2014-15, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had announced a host of measures, including hiking tax exemption limit, incentives for the housing sector and relief in indirect taxes on auto and other sectors to promote industrial output and boost the country’s economic growth.
Post Comments
More from economy

India s direct investment abroad down 58% to $1.34 billion in NovemberDirect investments by Indian firms abroad fell by 58 per cent to USD 1.34 billion in November 2014 compared to the same month last year, as per Reserve Bank of India (RBI) data.
Indian companies had invested USD 3.19 billion in their overseas ventures in November 2013.
In October 2014, Indian companies had invested USD 2.68 billion in overseas markets.
The investments were a mix of issuance of guarantees (USD 836.35 million), loan (USD 303.58 million) and of equity (USD 202.34 million).
Jindal Saw Holdings, JSW Steel, NCC Ltd, McLeon Russel, IDFC Securities, Crompton Greaves, Inox and Aurobindo Pharma were among the major investors.
Jindal Saw Holdings invested USD 142.96 million in its wholly-owned unit in the UAE, while JSW Steel made a total investment of USD 108.84 in three separate tranches in its joint ventures and fully-owned subsidiary in Chile, Mauritius and the US.
NCC Ltd invested USD 68.83 million in a wholly-owned firm in Oman, McLeod Russel USD 33.50 million in a fully-owned unit in the UK, IDFC Securities USD 30.08 million in a wholly-owned subsidiary in Singapore.
Crompton Greaves invested USD 25.12 million in a joint venture in the Netherlands, Inox India USD 25.63 million in two separate deals in a wholly-owned and a joint venture in the Netherlands and the US.
Aurobindo Pharma invested USD 20.97 million in wholly owned company in the Netherlands.
Post Comments
More from economy

Hot Seat with Bhupendra Chaubey: TMC is not desperate  people believe in us: Derek O Briene lounge Rewind: Bollywood stories of 2014
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

ECB fails to woo Europes banksLast updated: December 11, 2014 11:09 pm
ECB fails to woo Europe’s banks
Apparent failure of TLTROs should make ECB more likely to bypass banks and buy government bonds
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/73980684-8157-11e4-a493-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

I have an RSS background and I am proud of it  says Venkaiah NaiduDec 12, 2014 at 12:13am IST
I have an RSS background and I am proud of it, says Venkaiah Naidu
17
0
New Delhi: Parliamentary Affairs Minister Venkaiah Naidu on Thursday said he was proud to have an RSS background. He said he could not remain silent when the parent organization was being attacked by the opposition parties. He said these while replying to a debate on Agra religious conversions in Lok Sabha.
Talking about the accusations against RSS, Naidu said, "What is the relation of this debate with RSS? The RSS is a great organisation of the country, ready for selfless service. I have an RSS background and I am proud of it."
He further said, "When they abuse and accuse the mother organisation from where we have taken inspiration, I cannot remain silent, you may have difference with Dinanath Batra but how can you abuse him?"
Talking about the accusations against RSS, Naidu said, "What is the relation of this debate with RSS? The RSS is a great organisation of the country, ready for selfless service. I have an RSS background and I am proud of it."
#conversion #narendra modi #hindu #muslim
He alleged that some people had allergy for the word Hindu. "The word Hindu is not given by Modi, Venkaiah Naidu or RSS. We are a party which believes in philosophy of India is one."
He said an anti-conversion law was needed in all the states and the issue needed a wider debate while the major opposition parties staged a walkout.
Naidu said that conversion is not a simple issue and it needs wider debate. The opposition parties had accused the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) of spreading communal tension in the country through forced conversions.
Defending his government, Naidu said, "We are clear about what we have promised to the people and we will work hard to fulfill that agenda, others should not have any misconception."
2

TN hikes power tariff by 15 per centUpdated: December 12, 2014 01:42 IST
TN hikes power tariff by 15 per cent
T. Ramakrishnan
electricity production and distribution
Despite widespread protests by consumers and industries against any power tariff hike, the Tamil Nadu Electricity Regulatory Commission (TNERC) on Thursday decided to effect 15 per cent increase for all categories of consumers.
The revised tariff comes into effect from Friday (December 12) and will net Rs 5,225-crore revenue annually including the government’s subsidy to the cash-strapped Tangedco. For 10 lakh consumers, mostly in urban areas and especially Chennai, with consumption of above 500 units on a bi-monthly basis, the minimum power charge would be Rs. 3.50 per unit and the maximum Rs. 6.60 per unit. As per a conservative estimate, the power consumption by the high-end users works out to around 5,000 million units annually, roughly 25 per cent of the total consumption by the domestic consumers.
As of now, they account for 31 per cent of the total annual revenue of Rs. 7,350 crore from them.
Chief Minister O. Panneerselvam announced that the burden of tariff hike would not be passed on to most of domestic consumers.
Out of 1.71 crore domestic consumers, 1.61 crore accounting for 94 per cent of the category would not have to pay more even after the tariff revision by the TNERC. The free power supply would continue for agricultural connections and huts besides sections of handloom and powerloom units, he added.
On the financial front, the government’s subsidy would be Rs.1,310 crore. The electricity charges paid by various types of consumers would be Rs. 3,915 crore.

Centre makes last bid to push GST BillIndia manufacturing activity expands to 2-year high as orders surge; PMI at 54.5 in Dec
The prospect of Parliament initiating constitutional changes for the launch of the Goods and Services Tax (GST) in its current session has been blighted since states are continuing with their opposition to some of the key proposals by the Centre on the design of the proposed comprehensive indirect tax.
Belying finance minister Arun Jaitley’s recent claim that an agreement with the states on most contentious issues was nigh, Empowered Committee of State Finance Ministers chairman Abdul Rahim Rather said after a meeting of the panel here on Thursday that the states can’t agree to a proposal by the Centre to include petroleum taxes in the GST. He added that the states were not happy either with the Centre’s proposal on how they would be compensated for any loss of revenue in the initial years of GST. The states have refused to tread even the middle path suggested by the Centre, which is to include petroleum taxes in GST and keep the rates nominal or even zero so that states can levy supplementary taxes sans input tax credit.
Rather who met Jaitley with a group of state finance ministers told reporters later that it was decided that a smaller panel of state finance ministers will discuss the contentious issues further and then with Jaitley again on Thursday night.
“We hope some solution will be found. We agree to the Constitution Amendment Bill in many respects, but not in toto.” Rather said. At the time of going to print, the discussions were still on, indicating the urgency with which the government wants to resolve the differences.
Earlier in the day, Rather had said, “The Central government shall have to respect the views of the states with regard to their demands in the interest of co-operative federalism.” He hinted that the states are united despite the political affiliations of the governments and added that they have unanimously decided to reiterate their demands.
For Jaitley, who sought to woo states by announcing in Parliament on Wednesday that a sum of R11,000 crore would be sanctioned immediately to the states to make good for the losses in their central sales tax (CST) revenue, the states’ obduracy was rather unexpected.
The Centre has already agreed to put its share of revenue from inter-state GST in the divisible pool, rather than solely in its own kitty. Sources said the Narendra Modi government, which is keen on pushing this crucial tax reform that could potentially add to the country’s economic expansion by reducing cascading of taxes, may accede to some more demands raised by the states.
Jaitley, who is likely to confabulate with the Prime Minister on this issue over the next few days, might even agree to keep petroleum goods outside the GST ambit, sources said.
These apart, the states want the GST compensation to be constitutionally guaranteed.
They say the facility to offset any losses they might suffer by embracing GST should last for five years after the new tax kicks in, whereas the Centre is talking about a period of three years.
Another demand is for exclusion of municipality taxes (also called octroi in some states), the proceeds of which go to local self governments.
How the Centre addresses these demands will be known in the coming days and this will determine whether the Constitutional Amendment Bill will be tabled in the current session of the House.
The inclusion of taxes on petroleum in the GST, the Centre as well as tax experts reckon, is needed for the new tax system to produce intended results like elimination of cascading of taxes and broadening of the tax base.
Petroleum and its byproducts are a major source of revenue for both the Centre and states — as much as 32.5% of their combined indirect tax revenue comes from this sector.
In the case of some states such as Madhya Pradesh, which collected 39% of its VAT/sales tax revenue from petroleum, oil and lubricants (POL) in 2012-13, and Gujarat (36%), the reliance on the sector for revenue is the highest, while Uttar Pradesh gets just around 20% of its VAT/sales tax revenue from POL.
Zero-rating, as was proposed by the Centre, was expected to come with the facility for states to continue to levy their own non-Vatable taxes outside the GST framework. The states’ worry is that if these products are included in GST, they will have to shell out input tax credit to petroleum-sector companies buying GST-paid goods.
Experts say there could be tax cascading at the intermediate goods stage if petroleum goods are excluded from GST as the output taxes could be absent in some cases.
However, there are studies that have vouched for exclusion of petroleum products from GST.
For instance, as per a paper by the National Institute of Public Finance and Policy (NFPIP), bringing these goods into the GST regime, without any other changes in the economy, would imply that GST has to be levied at higher rates for revenues to be protected.
“There is ground for separating out petroleum products for special treatment by keeping them out of the base for GST. GST reforms implemented alongside decontrolling product prices would provide an interesting opportunity to reform without worries about price rise,” said the study.
Post Comments
More from economy

Are lower oil prices good for stocksAP
Q: Aren’t falling oil prices good for the market?
A: Oil prices are collapsing. Consumers are pouring less of their money into their gas tanks. That should be good for the economy and stocks, right?
Not exactly. The stock market is strugging this month as the decline in oil prices intensifies. There are several reasons for this. First is the direct hit. Lower gasoline prices result in lower prices of shares of energy stocks, which are a big contributor to the markets. Exxon Mobil (XOM) is the fourth most valuable company in the Standard & Poor’s 500 so when its shares tumble, that hurts the broad market. Shares of Exxon are down more than 12% this year, creating a big downward draft for the other companies to overcome. The S&P SmallCap 600 Energy index is down a crushing 50% from its level back in June, says Howard Silverblatt of S&P Dow Jones Indices. But it’s not just a speculator and stock-trader event. Analysts have been slashing their earnings forecasts for just about every energy company. Lower energy prices are a problem for nearly all energy companies with the exploration companies getting hit the worst. And that’s a problem. During the third quarter, the energy sector generated about a third of of the S&P 500’s total earnings of $30.03 share, says S&P Capital IQ.
USA TODAY markets reporter Matt Krantz answers a different reader question every weekday. To submit a question, e-mail Matt at mkrantz@usatoday.com or on Twitter @mattkrantz.

States delay Centre s GST plans  againStates delay Centre's GST plans, again
BS Reporter | New Delhi Dec 12, 2014 12:59 AM IST
The Centre's proposed goods and services tax (GST) saw resistance from states on Thursday, with the latter turning down the government's revised draft on a Constitution amendment Bill in this regard. However, the Centre exuded confidence that states would come on board, even as differences persisted between the two, particularly on the inclusion of petroleum products in GST.
The day saw hectic parleys - an empowered committee of state finance ministers met in the morning and, later, met Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley for two hours. As consensus eluded the two sides, a small group of state finance ministers again met Jaitley and finance ministry officials for about two hours. Following the meeting, which went on till 9.30 pm, finance ministry officials claimed some breakthrough, adding they would try to present the Bill before Parliament in the current session.
Sources said the ministry offered to compensate states for any loss owing to GST, in any form they wanted. State finance ministers will again meet Jaitley and his team in a week.
After the meeting of the empowered committee on Thursday morning, its chairman, Abdul Rahim Rather, said, "There is no consensus between the Centre and states on three things (compensation, petroleum tax and entry tax). The empowered committee is not supporting the Bill without these three things." The central government, he said, "will have to respect the views of the states".
States want petroleum and entry tax to be excluded from GST. They are also seeking five years worth of compensation for the revenue loss they will record after the new tax is introduced. However, the Centre has proposed to give them compensation for three years.
Also, the Centre included petroleum in the GST, but stipulated the rate on this be zero, so that the input credit chain wasn't broken.
States also wanted the entry tax imposed by municipalities in lieu of octroi to remain outside the GST ambit. However, in its revised draft, the Centre proposed this be subsumed within the GST.
On compensation, states sought this be included in the Bill so that the Centre would be bound to provide this. The Centre, however, did not do so.
"We were surprised to know the government hasn't agreed to the recommendations we made the last time, except one - putting IGST in the divisible pool," Rather, also the finance minister of Jammu & Kashmir, said.
On petroleum, entry tax and compensation, he said, "The Centre has not agreed to our recommendations."
Later in the evening, state finance ministers apprised Jaitley and other Union finance ministry officials about the deliberations they had carried out. After the meeting, Rather said, "You are going for the biggest tax reform in the country. So, it will not be advisable to go ahead without taking all states on board."
According to sources, Jaitley had said, "Our intention is not to make money at the cost of states. We have been discussing this issue for long. We should not miss the bus now."
The second meeting with Jaitley was attended by a smaller group - of the state finance ministers, only Rather, along with the finance ministers of Gujarat and Punjab attended.
Amid these meetings, Jaitley went to the Prime Minister's Office for a while, to participate in a meeting with Prime Minister Narendra Modi and US economists.
After the last meeting of the day, Rather said, "We have made headway and will meet in a week."
Union finance ministry officials, however, refused to accept states' demand of keeping petroleum products out of the GST ambit completely.
When asked whether the constitutional amendment Bill would be tabled in this session, finance ministry officials said, "We will try our best, though it seems difficult." They added primarily, Maharashtra and Gujarat had some issues with GST, as these have large manufacturing sectors. A state finance minister said only one Opposition-ruled state favoured the constitutional amendment Bill in its current form.
To woo states, Jaitley had assured them they would be given Rs 11,000 crore this year as compensation for the loss in revenue, resulting from a cut in central sales tax (CST). This tax was cut from four per cent to two per cent in phases, after state-level value-added tax (VAT) was introduced on April 1, 2005. CST is a tax imposed on inter-state movement of goods; it isn't consistent with VAT or GST.
Rather welcomed this decision. "As far as CST compensation is concerned, we are happy to know the Centre has agreed to keep a provision of Rs 11,000 crore in the current year's Budget. That will settle the claim of CST compensation up to the year 2010-11," he said, adding the matter of compensation for subsequent years would be discussed with Jaitley.
After the two previous finance ministers refusing to release CST compensation till states extended cooperation on the GST front, Jaitley promised to clear the dues, totalling about Rs 30,000 crore, through three years.
The roll-out of the GST has missed several deadlines because states have failed to reach consensus on crucial issues. The new tax regime, originally scheduled to be implemented on April 1, 2010, might not be implemented before April 1, 2016 even if the constitutional amendment Bill is tabled in the current session of Parliament.
A LONG ROAD
Constitution amendment Bill is required to be passed with two-thirds majority in both Houses of Parliament
Ruling NDA has only 59 seats in the 243-member Rajya Sabha
Two-thirds majority means approval of 162 members, if none is absent
Besides, the Bill will have to be ratified by at least half of India's states
NDA is ruling in 10 states
Some more states might have NDA govts after the ongoing elections
However, composition of RS won't change much before early 2016
For majority in the Upper House, the NDA will have to wait till 2018
Even if the Bill is tabled in this session of Parliament, GST might not come up before 2016-17
This is so because after passage of this Bill, Centre will have to bring its own Bill and model GST Bill
States will bring their own GST Bills and get them passed in Assemblies

Russia to help India build 12 nuclear reactorsRussia to help India build 12 nuclear reactors
Nayanima Basu | New Delhi Dec 12, 2014 12:58 AM IST
India and Russia on Thursday agreed to build 12 new nuclear reactors through 20 years, even as a sanctions-hit Russia plans to supply as many as 25 nuclear units to meet India’s rising energy needs.
“I am pleased that the first unit of the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant (KKNPP) is on-stream. It has added 20 per cent to the existing nuclear power capacity in India. We are on course to installing the next three units of 1,000 Mw each. Today, we have outlined an ambitious vision for nuclear energy of at least 10 more reactors. It will have the highest standards of safety in the world,” Prime Minister Narendra Modi said after a meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin, under the 15th India-Russia Annual Summit.
He added ties in the field of energy would also entail manufacturing equipment and components in India, in line with the government’s ‘Make in India’ policy. “The second unit will go on-stream soon. We have signed a deal to construct more than 20 nuclear plants to produce nuclear fuel,” Putin said, adding talks on civil nuclear cooperation remained one of the most important aspects of the discussions.
Of the 12 nuclear reactors to be built by 2035, two will be constructed at KKNPP.
Their construction would start by 2016, according to the general framework agreement signed on construction and equipment delivery by Russian nuclear energy giant Rosatom, sources told Business Standard.
Chairman of ESSAR Shashi Ruia and President ROSNEFT, Igor Sechin exchange documents after signing an agreement at Hyderabad House in New Delhi
The location for the other nuclear reactors was yet to be decided, officials said.
KKNPP’s first unit became operational in July 2013, achieving complete generation capacity by October 22, 2013. The second unit, the construction of which has been completed, is expected to go on-stream by 2015. An agreement to add two new nuclear blocks at KKNPP, located in southern Tamil Nadu, was signed in April this year.
According to another agreement signed on Thursday, India will import 10 million tonnes of oil a year from Russia, under a 10-year contract signed between Essar Oil and Russian crude oil producer Rosneft. The deal, which could be extended beyond 10 years, was signed between Essar Group Chairman Shashi Ruia and Rosneft chief Igor Ivanovich Sechin.
This was one of the 20 agreements signed between the two countries on Thursday.
In the field of defence, both governments left no stone unturned to reaffirm their partnership. Russia contributes about 70 per cent to India’s total military hardware. “Russia has been India's foremost defence partners through decades … Even as India’s options have increased today, Russia will remain our most important defence partner,” Modi said.
He added Russia had agreed to fully manufacture one of its most advanced helicopters in India, which could be used for military, as well as civilian operations. It has been planned these helicopters will also be exported from India.
Both sides also agreed to push some pending defence projects such as the development of a joint fifth-generation fighter jet and a multi-role transport aircraft.
Earlier, Russia had expressed concern on India's increasing defence purchases from Israel and the US, while the Indian government was unhappy at the fact that Russia had entered into a far-reaching defence agreement with Pakistan, under which it had started supplying Mi-35 helicopters to combat terrorism.
In the wake of severe trade sanctions imposed by the US and the European Union on Russia, the Kremlin hopes India will be a major buyer of its crude oil and nuclear fuel. Russia also plans to ramp up its merchandise trade with India, currently at $10 billion. Both governments plan to double this by 2015.
“The bilateral trade of $10 billion is not enough. We have decided to stimulate our companies to cooperate more closely in increasing trade and investment,” said Putin, on a 24-hour visit here. He added talks on a free trade agreement with the Eurasian Economic Union, comprising Russia, Kazakhstan and Belarus, would be launched soon.
Both sides hailed the progress in promoting diamond trade between them, with a special focus on augmenting it through diamond exchanges in India. Russia has decided to significantly increase its diamond exports to India.
Later in the day, Modi and Putin jointly inaugurated the World Diamond Conference here.
DRUZHBA-DOSTI
Russia's Rosatom to build 12 new nuclear reactors in India
Two of these new reactors will be set up at the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant, while the location for the rest is yet to be decided
Essar Oil and Rosneft signed a 10-year contract under which India will import 10mtpa oil. Contract can be extended beyond 10 years
Rosneft and ONGC Videsh to complete talks on exploration of new oil and gas fields
Proposal to build a hydrocarbon pipeline connecting India and Russia also discussed
Russia to manufacture its advanced helicopters here; Plans to also export those from here
Russia to significantly increase its diamond export to India
India, Russia vowed to achieved bilateral trade worth $20 billion by 2015
Proposal to establish free trade agreement with Eurasian Union also discussed
Russia expressed interest to invest in the Delhi-Mumbai Industrial Corridor and the Smart City project

India  Russia take civil nuclear ties to next levelIndia, Russia take civil nuclear ties to next level
Nayanima Basu | New Delhi Dec 12, 2014 12:48 AM IST
Taking their civil nuclear cooperation agreement to the next level, the Indian and Russian governments announced on Thursday a decision to construct another 12 units at the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant site in southern Tamil Nadu. And, to set up more Russian-designed nuclear power plants elsewhere.
During the first bilateral meeting between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Russian President Vladimir Putin, it was decided India would “expeditiously identify a second site”, other than Kudankulam.
Construction of more Russian-made nuclear power plants is to take into account “India’s demand for power, the then available nuclear technologies, including those that may be developed jointly, mutually acceptable technical and commercial terms, and the prevalent electricity tariffs (rates),” according to a ministry of external affairs statement.
It appears that potential sites have been offered in Gujarat, Andhra Pradesh and Rajasthan. It is learnt that President Putin has plans to sell as many as 25 nuclear reactors to India through Russia's state-owned energy giant, Rosatom.
“The sides (India and Russia) recognise that the agenda for their bilateral cooperation in the nuclear power sector is globally one of the largest between any two countries. They look forward to the construction of additional Russian-designed nuclear power units in India, cooperation in research and development of innovative nuclear power plants, and localisation of manufacturing of equipment and fuel assemblies in India as the goal of their future collaboration,” went the statement.
A 1,000-Mw reactor is operating at full capacity at Kudankulam, with a second one due by 2015. The second unit has been constructed but has to be connected with the power grids, which might happen early next year. A general framework agreement to start the construction of two more units was signed in April this year.
The agreement to construct additional nuclear reactors at Kudankulam was signed in 2008 under the previous government.
It was decided to set up a joint working group, to seek exploration and mining opportunities in other countries and develop a framework for collaboration in radioactive waste management.

City that never sleeps wakes to Brit influenceLast updated: December 11, 2014 5:16 pm
City that never sleeps wakes up to the power of British influence
Matthew Garrahan
US companies seeking digital growth are betting that UK-born journalists may have answers
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b01b9334-8137-11e4-b956-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

How Luxembourg reeled in Silicon ValleyHow Juncker and Luxembourg landed Silicon Valley’s biggest catch
Alex Barker and Vanessa Houlder
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/78abd184-813c-11e4-896c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The scary moment Johnson hit KohliSouth Africa vs West Indies, 3rd Test
1 hour 43 minutes ago
Action images from the third Test between South Africa and West Indies played at Cape Town between January 2-6, 2015. Scorecard More » South Africa vs West Indies, 3rd Test
Exit, the Coolest One - MS Dhoni
Tue 30 Dec, 2014 5:06 PM IST
MS Dhoni's decision to retire from the longest format with immediate effect after the MCG Test has come as an outright shocker. Here's a look at some images from the coolest captain's career. (Text: Reuters/ Amlan Chakraborty; editing by Patrick Johnston) More » Exit, the Coolest One - MS Dhoni
Australia vs India, 3rd Test
Tue 30 Dec, 2014 1:07 PM IST
Action images from the 3rd Test at the Melbourne Cricket Ground, played between December 26-30, 2014. Scores More » Australia vs India, 3rd Test
South Africa vs West Indies, 2nd Test
Fri 26 Dec, 2014 3:12 PM IST
Action images from the 2nd Test between South Africa and West Indies played at Port Elizabeth between December 26-30, 2014. Scores More » South Africa vs West Indies, 2nd Test
New Zealand vs Sri Lanka, 1st Test
Mon 29 Dec, 2014 11:07 AM IST

UP conversion Dec 25event-in-up-dec...    Cached
Another conversion event in UP Dec 25, alert sounded 8:26 AM, December 12, 2014. India(Uttar Pradesh): The Samiti is scheduled to hold the conversion event - Ghar ...
Also Try

Lingaa producer depositscheduled...    Cached
Rainikanth’s Lingaa has been given a go ahead for release as per schedule by a Madurai Bench of Madras High Court, but producers have been asked to deposit Rs 10 ...
More search results

Salman Khan Paris Hiltonparis-hilton/vp-BBgzUeg    Cached
Actor Salman Khan may not be the party enthusiast he used to be, but the Dabangg star is still counted among one of the best hosts. This time American socialite Paris ...
More search results

Shenaz Treasurywala open letterresponse-shenaz...    Cached
Shenaz, Lastly, If you were even one percent sincere in writing this letter, would you consider pledging that – 1. You would not do any film or Ad or show which ...
More search results

Vistara  Air Asia may keep air fares low in ...Vistara, Air Asia & SpiceJet likely to put downward pressure on air fares in 2015
Anirban Chowdhury & Mihir Mishra, ET Bureau Dec 12, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Air Asia
(Daily Delhi-Mumbai, Mumbai-Bangalore…)
MUMBAI | NEW dELHI: Happy New Flying Year? More so for the corporate frequent flyer? Quite possibly. 2015 may see lower domestic fares and more metro-to-metro flights than this year. And no-frills flying, the clear winner in 2014, may yet again see some serious competition from business classplus-free meals flying options.
Three New Year developments are likely to put downward pressure on air fares.
First, the Tata-Singapore Airlines-run full service carrier Vistara (fleet size 5, by March) will start operations early next year and its promised highquality full service will be in direct competition with Jet Airways (fleet size 101), which has discontinued its low-cost operations and is girding up to improve its full-service offering.
Second, low-cost carrier Air Asia (fleet size 3, expected to go up to 5 or 7 in 2015) will significantly increase its metro operations and will be taking an aim at nofrills biggie IndiGo (fleet size 85). And IndiGo itself is adding one aircraft a month to its fleet and will ramp up more once the 180 aircraft it ordered in 2011 start arriving in the last quarter of 2015.
Third, the SpiceJet (fleet size 39) story may not be over. The airline may survive and may recover at least partly from its current ignominy of having had to surrender 186 flying slots to the aviation regulator.
So, simple supply-demand math may produce lower fares. Demand is better now than it was earlier, Yatra.com's President Sharat Dhall says, but it's not red-hot. Therefore, significantly larger supply of flying options and market share-grab compulsions of new and newish players may lead to fare cuts.
John Nair, head of business travel at Cox & Kings, said, "With more options for passengers and shakeup in the market, existing carriers may slash prices to protect market share."
Daily Delhi-Mumbai, Mumbai-Bangalore and Delhi-Bangalore flights total less than 100 now. The travel industry is expecting a sharp jump in that number.
The other 2015 change, which is even better news for the corporate traveller, is that his options for reasonably priced business class flying will jump.
Vistara and Jet will between them provide far more business class flying options than in 2014.
  "We look forward to the Singapore Airlines quality of service coming to Indian skies via Vistara. With this launch, the availability of premium seats is expected to go up significantly. Vistara will add more business class seats," said Rajesh Magow, co-founder and CEO-India at travel portal MakeMyTrip.
Magow also pointed to Jet: "Jet has already announced the termination of its low-cost arm Jet Konnect. This will help them focus on the premium customer base they were historically a favourite of."
And it's not just Vistara plus Jet. International carriers British Airways, Lufthansa, Singapore Airlines and Emirates will be adding more business class seats for flights in and out of India in 2015. Also, the civil aviation ministry finally allowing domestic carriers to fly global without pre-conditions means Vistara will be aligned with Singapore Airlines' international network — that's more competition in international flights out of India.
The unrivalled primacy of low-cost carriers, exemplified by IndiGo, will get challenged a bit in 2015. IndiGo has 37% of the total market, and no-frills flying accounts for 65% of the market. Jet plus Vistara will make a dent, analysts reckon, especially if economy class service in fullservice airlines gets significant upgrades.
MakeMyTrip's Magow sees this as a possibility. "Vistara is expected to have a better full-service offering for economy class passengers compared with the standard no-frills offering by low-cost carriers," he says.
Of course, no-frills will remain the king of aviation in the near future, especially with IndiGo bulking up. "Market conditions may have forced some carriers to change their models but I wouldn't term this as the re-emergence of fullservice carriers. The low-cost model will still be very much relevant," says Peeyush Naidu, senior director, Deloitte.
But for the corporate traveller, 2015 will provide far more flying options where he can stretch his legs, mull over a choice of quality meals and is fussed over by an attentive cabin crew.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Willing to go beyond prescribed standards: O...Bengaluru
(For instance, post the meeting…)
In his first ever interview after several state governments led by Delhi have banned taxi-app companies across the country, Bhavish Aggarwal co-founder of Olacabs, India's largest taxi-app aggregator, tells ET that his company was proactively getting GPS devices fitted in all cars on its network and had also initiated thorough background verification checks for all its drivers.
Are you engaging with the government? How are the discussions going?
We've had meetings in many cities with authorities; we are working with them to ensure that the proposed new guidelines and standards are followed by all driver partners. For instance, post the meeting with the Transport Commissioner in Bengaluru , we have started working on the list of guidelines shared by them.
What steps are you taking to ensure you can continue operations?
In the light of the recent incident in Delhi, we are working on creating an additional layer of tracking in all cabs on the platform. We are proactively getting GPS devices fitted in every car in addition to the phone- based GPS device we already have. We have also initiated thorough background verification checks for every driver on the platform and areworking with local police authorities to complete this at the earliest.
What are the top three priorities for Ola right now?
We have over 50,000 drivers on our platform, (many) have moved from owning just one to many cars. The impact that is created with driver entrepreneurship at this scale is phenomenal. Safety is also paramount to us, apart from an in-app for customers to share ride details well in advance, we track their ride, there is driver training as well as verification of documents. We see that convenience is important even in smaller tier 2 and tier 3 cities where we operate.
The ban order on taxi-apps in Delhi and other states say that point- to- point drops in cities are allowed only for radio taxis. How many of Ola's drivers have a radio-taxi licence?
There are two types of license regimes on taxis in India - radio taxis and tourist permit taxis. We aggregate tourist permit taxis which are duly licensed by the government and they are allowed to ply anywhere in the city, state or country as their permit allows them to.
(Edited excerpts of an email interview with Aditi Shrivastava)
FEATURED ARTICLES

10 new models to help Audi maintain top spot...Audi plans to launch 10 new models in 2015 to maintain top spot in India
By Chanchal Pal Chauhan , ET Bureau | 12 Dec, 2014, 04.15AM IST
Tweet
The company that sells 17 models in the country plans to introduce the R8 LMX and TT sports cars as part of its 10-product strategy for 2015.
NEW DELHI: German auto maker Audi AG plans to intensify efforts to maintain its leadership position in the Indian luxury-car market by introducing 10 new models in 2015, even as rivals try to displace the company from the slot in this fiercely competitive segment. Its fully-owned unit, Audi India, is sure of posting another year of double-digit growth in 2014, as it has sold more than 10,000 cars by the end of November — sales in the whole of 2013 were 10,003 units.
"We have had the best year in terms of sales in 2014 as we have already surpassed last year's total volumes," Audi India head Joe King told ET on the sidelines of an event where it launched the new cabriolet version of the A3 compact sedan. "Now we are repeating last year's feat of double-digit growth this year too even in a flat market, and would further enhance the market share in the luxury segment."
He said the company's "special emphasis" is on the compact luxury segment, which is the fastest growing in the luxury-car space. The A3 Cabriolet is priced at Rs 44.75 lakh before insurance and local levies in Delhi. The four seater has a retractable soft top, 1.8-litre petrol engine and can attain a top speed of 242 km per hour.
The company that sells 17 models in the country plans to introduce the R8 LMX and TT sports cars as part of its 10-product strategy for 2015. It has laid emphasis on new body shapes like the cabriolet variant for its smallest A3 sedan that is the first car to hit the new model lineup. A hatchback version is expected next year. Audi is also expected to bring more top models from its global lineup. "We are working on different product strategies for the Indian market ," King said. According to him, the Indian luxury car market is maturing.
While Audi is expected to hold on to its leadership position this year, rival Mercedes-Benz is narrowing the sales gap. Mercedes is also likely to close the year with sales of more than 10,000 units - it had sold 7,529 units in the first nine months of 2014 and 9,003 cars and sport-utility vehicles in 2013. It is pitching high with the recent launch of the new CClass sedan. The new CLA sedan, expected to hit the market in January, is likely to further boost Mercedes sales.

Bar license bribery case: Vigilance registers case against Kerala minister K M ManiWritten by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram |
Posted: December 12, 2014 12:08 am | Updated: December 12, 2014 9:20 am
Vigilance and Anti-Corruption Bureau (VACB) on Thursday registered a case against Finance Minister K M Mani in connection with the allegation that he had accepted bribe from a bar hotel owner to renew liquor licence.
Mani, chairman of Christian-dominated regional party Kerala Congress (M), is listed as the first accused.
Mani termed the case as an outcome of a political conspiracy and turned down the Opposition demand that he should quit. Kerala Congress (M) and Congress rallied behind the beleaguered minister, one of the senior leaders of the ruling coalition United Democratic Front. Catholic Church and upper class Hindu Nair leadership too rushed its support for Mani. Kerala Catholic Bishops’ Council chairman Cardinal Clemis doubted whether registering a case would make Mani a corrupt politician. Nair leader G Sukumaran Nair said he did not think that Mani was corrupt.
Last month, prominent bar hotel owner and their trade body working president Biju Ramesh levelled the allegation that he had paid a bribe of Rs 1 crore to Mani in two installments against the minister’s demand for Rs 5 crore.
Opposition leader V S Achuthanandan soon rushed a letter to Home Minister Ramesh Chennithala that a case be registered against Mani as per the Prevention of Corruption Act. Accordingly, the VACB went for a quick verification report. Its sleuths recorded the statements of 29 persons and found that prima facie a case could be framed against Mani as per sections 7 and 13 (D) of anti-corruption act. The VACB mainly depended on the statement of Ramesh driver Ambili, who had allegedly gone to Mani’s house in Pala in hand over the money.
While VACB’s quick verification was in the process, two LDF leaders had moved the high court seeking a directive to the agency to register case against Mani. The court rejected the petition, with a rider that VACB director should take a decision based on the quick verification report. The legal adviser at the VACB reported that an FIR could be registered against Mani.
Home Minister Chennithala justified the case, saying that the investigation has to go on to ascertain whether Mani is a culprit or not. Registering a case would not make him an accused, said Chennithala.
LDF would take out a march to the state assembly on December 15, demanding Mani’s resignation.

J&K elections: Riding high on Mufti Sayeed s popularity  PDP eyes all 6 seats in AnantnagPriyarag Verma , IBNLive.com | Dec 12, 2014 at  08:02am IST
Anantnag: Situated to the south of Srinagar, Anantnag district like other parts of Kashmir Valley is surrounded by lofty mountains with crystal clear streams flowing through the region. Even on a winter morning, Anantnag town's Lal Chowk and Reshi Bazar are teeming with people and shops are open even as Central Reserve Police Force personnel keep a strict vigil with their fingers on the trigger of their automatic rifles.
Some terror groups are still active in the district and the area is a high-risk zone. Struggling with problems of their daily life, the residents admit that terror related incidents have gone down in the past few years as compared to the 1990s and so have the crackdown by security forces. They also blame both New Delhi and Islamabad for not being serious about resolving the Kashmir issue.
Yet they are extremely excited about the Assembly elections and indications are that just like several others seats, the six constituencies in Anantnag, too, will witness a heavy voter turnout during the fourth phase of elections on December 14.
PDP patron Mufti Mohammad Sayeed is clearly ahead of his rivals in Anantnag and is also hopeful of occupying the chief minister's chair.
Lal Chowk area of Anantnag is plastered with banners, posters, flags of almost all the candidates. Electioneering is on full swing with vehicles fitted with loudspeakers seeking support for different candidates crisscrossing the area.
"There is no support for boycott. Why should we not vote? It is the time to elect our MLA who can solve our problems. We are happy that heavy voting has taken place in the state till now. We will also vote," said a group of people at Lal Chowk.
With six Assembly constituencies in the district, four of which were won by the Peoples Democratic Party in the 2008 elections, this region is once again very important for the party. PDP patron Mufti Mohammad Sayeed is clearly ahead of his rivals in Anantnag and is also hopeful of occupying the chief minister's chair.
The district's six seats are Anantnag, Dooru, Kokernag, Shangus, Bijbehara and Pahalgam. In the 2008 Assembly elections, PDP had won Anantnag, Shangus, Bijbehara and Pahalgam while the Congress emerged victorious in Dooru and Kokernag.
Six years ago the Congress was in alliance with the National Conference but the two parties are contesting alone this time making it much easier for the PDP which is confident of cashing in on the winds of "badlav" (change) blowing across the state.
All the six seats have their current MLAs in the fray. Sayeed is contesting from Anantnag, which is also known by its old name of Islamabad. PDP is once again banking on Peerzada Mansoor Hussain in Shangus, Abdul Rehman Bhat in Bijbehara and Rafi Ahmad Mir in Pahalgam. The Congress has repeated 2008 winners Ghulam Ahmad Mir from Dooru and Peerzada Mohammad Syed from Kokernag.
Sayeed is riding high not only because of anti-incumbency against the National Conference government but he also has a lot of goodwill as people recall his tenure with fondness. They credit Sayeed for taking several steps to make the live of a common Kashmiri, who has been sandwiched between security forces on one side and terror groups on the other, much easier.
He was in power from November 2002 to November 2005. His government disbanded the elite anti-terror Special Operations Group (SOG) of Jammu and Kashmir Police. The SOG faced several accusations of human rights violations and was feared across the state as being extremely ruthless during crackdowns and interrogations.
"It is not the party but the candidates who matter. Politics has become a very dirty profession and those who are clean have no future. There is too much corruption and there are no jobs for our children. We want change. When Mufti sahib was in power, he did a lot for the state. He put an end to the highhandedness of security forces. Now we can move out easily," said Bashir Ahmed, a shopkeeper in Anantnag town's Reshi Bazar.
With the Omar Abdullah regime facing a tough time due to allegations of massive corruption, a lackadaisical administration, no development agenda, and poor relief and rescue work during the recent floods, Sayeed's party is going all out to grab power in the state.
While the Bharatiya Janata Party has put up candidates in all the six seats, yet it is not really a serious contender. But a Anantnag resident Mohammad Abdul Lone said that he would support the BJP as it is already ruling at the Centre. "BJP is at Centre and it will help the state a lot if it wins in Jammu and Kashmir too. There will be a lot of development if we have the same party at the Centre and state," he said.
But the main contest in the six seats of Anantnag is between the PDP, National Conference and Congress.
With the PDP chief ministerial candidate in the district, the party is not only confident of retaining the four seats it won in 2008, but is also hopeful of bagging Dooru and Kokernag from the Congress.
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

Asian equities reboundAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

IPO market set to fall short of expectationsIPO market set to fall short of expectations
Andrew Bolger
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3f43e204-7fb3-11e4-adff-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Londons Camden Market to floatLondon’s Camden Market brings alternative lifestyle to Stock Exchange
Kate Allen and Roger Blitz
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e2eb204e-7ee5-11e4-a828-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Drunk doctor performs family planning operation on fiveWritten by Ashwani Sharma | Dharmashala |
Posted: December 12, 2014 12:18 am | Updated: December 12, 2014 4:55 am
In a near-repeat of Chhattisgarh sterilization deaths, a drunk doctor performed five sterilization operations and fell asleep, leaving the sixth patient on the operation table in remote Seraj area of Mandi district, Himachal Pradesh.
All five patients who underwent sterilizations are reported to be safe and were discharged on Wednesday. The sixth patient was later rescued by her family members.
Further operations were suspended for the day as family members of patients came to know about the doctor having performed the operations in a drunken state and had left the sixth patient unattended on the operation table at Primary Health Centre (PHC), venue of the sterilization camp at Thunag, 80 km from district headquarters.
In all, there were 67 women registered for the family planning operation in the camp. Out of them, 30 taken-up in the first batch were administered Atropine Injections .
A batch of six patients were taken into the operation room. Due to the doctor’s drunken state he could perform sterilization on only five before he locked himself in a room and fell asleep, leaving the sixth patient unattended. The patient was already administered anaesthesia.
As the next patient was not called in after a long time, the families of the women grew suspicious and questioned the medical staff. It was only after sometime, the staff informed about the “doctor being unwell and taking rest”.
The issue rocked the Himachal Pradesh Assembly when local BJP MLA Jairam Thakur tabled an adjournment motion in the House. The government ordered suspension of Dr Kapil Malhotra and ordered an inquiry into the episode.
“This is a case of gross negligence of the doctor, whose medical examination later confirmed he being in drunken state. It’s sheer luck that all five women who underwent sterilization are safe and no death or medical complication has been reported,” Health Minister Kaul Singh Thakur informed the assembly.
He said a new team of doctors have reached Thunag and, till 1 pm, 25 more sterilizations had been done successfully. All the patients registered for the family planning operation will be looked after by the government.
The health minister, however, claimed that the doctor in question has a good reputation as a government gynecologist and he had already done hundreds of family planning surgeries. “Yet, the government will not spare anyone indulging in such kind of dereliction of duty in the health services, as it’s question of human lives. We have adopted a policy of zero-tolerance in such cases,” said Kaul Singh.
The government, Thakur said, has ordered suspension of the doctor and asked District Programme Officer Dr Praveen Kumar to hold an inquiry.
Earlier, BJP MLA Jairam Thakur raised questions on the state government’s failure alleging that the doctor in question is known for his drinking habit, and during an earlier sterilization camp he had slept on a patient midway in an operation.
“If it was known continued…

Fadnavis announces Rs 7 000 cr package for drought-hit areasWritten by Shubhangi Khapre | Nagpur |
Posted: December 11, 2014 6:53 pm | Updated: December 11, 2014 9:14 pm
Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis on Thursday pledged to make Maharashtra drought free by year 2019, while declaring a Rs 7,000 crore relief and Rs 34,500 crore long term drought package to tackle the agrarian crisis in region of Vidarbha and Marathwada. The state has urged centre to release Rs 4,677 crore for immediate drought relief.
Apart from extending crop loan Rs 480 crore and electricty bill waiver for last three months Rs 215 crore, the government took a big step forward to relieve the farmers from money lenders by repaing their debt of Rs 373 crore. To facilitate farmers from availing the bank loans the government has decided to pay Rs 435 crore for rescheduling the loans at the interest rate of 15 per cent. ” I want to end the exploitation of farmers by money lenders in state.”
Adopting a multi-pronged strategy to address the problems of drought in Maharashtra, chief minister said the farmers suicide is a shame for a progressive state like Maharashtra. Avoiding any political barbs against the opposition who had taken him to task a day earlier, Fadnavis said, ” International standards always treat drought as a manmade calamity and its high time we have to get to the root cause to tackle the farmer’s plight.”
While emphasising on the paradigm shift in tackling drought in Maharashtra, he spoke of convergence of 14 irrigation and agriculture schemes to moblise the funds through integrated approach under one command to serve the ambitious long term projects for enhancing the irrigation potential coupled with severe water management. “We have to make higher investments for the development of enhancing irrigation potental and agriculture growth.”
At present the irrigation potential is just 18 per cent. And agriculture growth is not more than 2.5 per cent. The government has decided to make 5000 villages drought free within one year and 19,059 in next five years.
According to Fadnavis, ” Almost 40 to 45 per cent cases of farmers suicides were an outcome of coercision by money lenders. ” He said, ” The government would strictly enforce the money lenders act. And also crack the whip against money lenders who are operating without legal licenses.”
At the outset he made it clear that the crop loan and electricity loan waiver to farmers by his government was a one time special case for region of Vidarbha and Marathwada considering the magnitiude of the crisis. And that it should not become a trend in future.
Outlining the roadmap of the government he said, ” Undertaking Integrated Water Management Programme we would take water conservation schemes in 50 lakh hectares of land for which Rs 6,437 crore would be invested. There would be 50,000 cement nullas worth Rs 5,000 crore.” The farm ponds covering 2.50 lakh hectares would require Rs 1,500 crore. Another Rs 5,000 crore will be accorded for drip irrigation that would cover 10lakh hectares of land. There were slew of other meaures including collective farm ponds, broad base furrow, dry land projects worth Rs 2,500 crore.”
Explaining that agriculture subsidies continued…

US crude closes below $60  1st time since July 2009You are here: Home > Collections
US crude below $60, first time in 5 years, on oversupply fears
Reuters Dec 12, 2014, 12.56AM IST
Tags:
New York Mercantile Exchange
(US crude fell below $60 a…)
US crude futures fell below $60 a barrel on Thursday, the first time in five years that it breached the psychologically-important support, as oil markets extended this week's losses on oversupply concerns.
New York Mercantile Exchange's front-month West Texas Intermediate contract for US crude was down 96 cents at $59.98 a barrel by 2:18 p.m. EST after touching a session low at $59.85. The contract has lost almost 9 per cent this week and roughly 45 per cent from a June high above $107.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Women fall for me: Uber cabbie reveals sick fantasyComments
Shiv Kumar Yadav believes he is something of a female magnet. Accused of serial rape — the latest being that of a 25-year-old executive in his Uber cab — he has told police interrogators that women naturally succumb to his charm. When they are not offering him sexual favours in exchange for cash or a free ride in his cab, that is.
Police escort Uber taxi driver and accused rapist Shiv Kumar Yadav following his court appearance in New Delhi. (AFP photo)
The 32-year-old, 5-feet-6-inches, 60-kg man has certainly made a big impression on the Delhi Police. Hardened interrogators are surprised at the extent of delusion of this unremarkable-looking man, his obsession with sex, and his consummate urge to lie and mislead.
The police on Thursday said they would add Yadav to the list of repeat sexual offenders. A city court sent him to 14-day judicial custody.
“He can’t stop thinking about sex,” said a senior officer, wishing not to be named. “He fantasizes about the women who sit in his cab, and keeps his friends daily and graphically updated on those fantasies.”
His mobile phones are apparently packed with porn, the glove compartment of his cab well-stocked with contraceptives.
Yadav ran his cab service mostly at night, waiting for customers — especially women — outside malls, cinema halls, restaurants and pubs. He would take special interest in lurking around pubs and bars, hoping for women to come out and hire his cab, too buzzed to resist his advances, police sources said.
He also frequently offered a ride to sex workers late in the night, the police told HT, his favourite hunting ground being MG Road in Gurgaon. The ride would not be entirely free; he asked for sexual favours in return.
Yadav has gone on to effectively use this sex-for-money trope to wriggle out of a 2011 rape charge, and is trying it in the current case as well. His lawyers contend that the victim had asked for R20,000 to let him have his way on December 5 night.
Yadav has apparently told his interrogators that he first had sex when he was 14 with a girl (possibly a minor) from his village in UP’s Mainpuri. He went on to marry his elder brother’s widow — a brother who supposedly was the only one who could discipline him a bit — and has two daughters from her and a stepson.
He visited his family in Mathura on most weekends. Financially, he is not too badly off. His father was a headmaster in a Mainpuri school. The family owns a fair bit of agricultural land.
And lastly, the police are convinced that Yadav is a liar and dodger par excellence. He has two driving licences, one obviously illegal. He said he owned only one phone (an iPhone given by Uber), but the police have recovered two more.
He allegedly faked his character certificate, sends cops on cold trails for clues, contradicts within hours what he utters. A self-appointed Casanova — it seems from police talk — with a strong, criminal drive.

Hindu outfit fixes Rs. 2 lakh to convert Christians  Rs. 5 lakh for MuslimsHindu outfit seeks donations for 'homecoming'
HT Correspondents , Hindustan Times  Agra/Lucknow/Meerut, December 12, 2014
First Published: 00:38 IST(12/12/2014) | Last Updated: 10:44 IST(12/12/2014)
The western Uttar Pradesh unit of the Dharam Jagran Samiti, an RSS-affiliate, has circulated a letter seeking donations ahead of its plan to organise a ‘homecoming’ or ‘ghar wapsi’ camp at Aligarh.
Advertisement
The undated letter issued by Rajeshwar Singh, the unit’s chetra pramukh, claims the ‘homecoming’ exercise has brought back to Hinduism 40,000 people in 20 districts, including 2,000 Muslims, and explains its aim to ‘reconvert’ one lakh people in 2014.
The letter has asked for donations of Rs. 2 lakh to ‘reconvert’ Christians and Rs. 5 lakh for Muslims, explaining that expenses were incurred in such exercises. Attempts made to contact the mobile number provided in the letter were not successful as it was switched off.
Offshoots of the RSS are likely to organise more such camps across districts of western UP, including riot-affected Muzaffarnagar, RSS officials indicated. 
RSS office bearers have said they will continue to hold these camps, albeit secretly. “We have been doing it for a long time but the media has given the Agra camp undue hype. Therefore, our changed strategy may be to conduct such camps secretly,” said a senior RSS official.
The Sangh issued a statement saying that Arya Samaj and other organisations have been working for ‘ghar wapsi’ in  a wilful manner for those who went wayward.
An Agra court, meanwhile, issued a non-bailable warrant against the main accused, Kishore Valmiki, named in the FIR filed in the case. The statement of complainant Ismail was also recorded in court on Thursday.
The Vishwa Hindu Parishad has announced a grand conclave in Lucknow on January 18. While VHP officials claim the programme is being held to mark the 50th anniversary of the organisation, workers of Sangh Parivar’s wings have been directed to clandestinely work to spread the message of homecoming among people who have changed their religion within last 50 years.
VHP secretary Purshottam Narain Singh told HT, “We will organise a grand celebration on January 18 and if anyone reads between the lines it’s their fault."
Maulana Khalid Rasheed Farangi Mahali of Aishbagh eidgah accused the RSS of promoting conversions.“The Centre must clarify whether it has a communal agenda or a development agenda. I will personally meet chief minister Akhilesh Yadav to request him not to allow any programme of VHP on January 18 as it will put the Ganga Jamuna tehzeeb of the city in jeopardy,” he said. 
Meanwhile, enraged members and officials of the Indian Union Muslim League held a protest condemning the Agra conversions.
“We have given a memorandum to the CM demanding action against the event organisers and to ban the organisations behind it,” said Mohd Ovais, the League’s state secretary.
The intelligence department is keeping a watchful an eye on these organisations in the face of growing unrest amongst minorities.

Green Venture Securities buys 12.43 lakh shares of KSSDec 12, 2014, 08.26 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Green Venture Securities buys 12.43 lakh shares of KSS
Green Venture Securities Management Private Limited bought 12,43,200 shares of KSS.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Green Venture Securities buys 12.43 lakh shares of KSS
Green Venture Securities Management Private Limited bought 12,43,200 shares of KSS.
Post your opinion here
 
On December 11, 2014 Green Venture Securities Management Private Limited bought 12,43,200 shares of  KSS at Rs 13.11 on the BSE.
On Thursday, KSS ended at Rs 13 on the BSE.
The share touched its 52-week high Rs 21.50 and 52-week low Rs 11.30 on 03 June, 2014 and 25 April, 2014, respectively.
RELATED NEWS

Current account deficit comfortable despite widening: RajanCurrent account deficit comfortable despite widening: Rajan
Current account deficit comfortable despite widening: Rajan
Rajan said risks remain to the current account deficit even though he was not apprehensive about it.
http://www.indiainfoline.com/article/news-top-story/current-account-deficit-comfortable-despite-widening-rajan-114121200003_1.html
December 12, 2014 08:18 IST
http://content.indiainfoline.com/_media/iifl/img/article/2014-08/20/full/1408515499-2844.jpg
Please enter characters of the above image
 
Money matters for Newly Weds
India Infoline News Service / 11:47, Dec 12, 2014
Stepping into a new life comes with a multitude of responsibilities Therefore, it is important to include your spouse in your monetary affairs at the earliest in order to be on common grounds financially.
Friday, 02 January 2015 19:31 IST
Connect with IIFL :
Accountancy Advertising Budget Commerce Derivatives Economics Finance General Mgmt. HR Mgmt. IT Marketing Material Mgmt.
Stocks:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Mutual Funds:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Insurance:
Disclaimer Disclaimer - Research Disclaimer - Discussion Boards Disclaimer - Chat Disclaimer - Twitter Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
ATTENTION INVESTORS - "Prevent Unauthorized Transactions in your demat / trading account --> Update your Mobile Number/ email Id with your stock broker / Depository Participant. Receive information of your transactions directly from Exchanges on your mobile / email at the end of day and alerts on your registered mobile for all debits and other important transactions in your demat account directly from NSDL/ CDSL on the same day." - Issued in the interest of investors.
"KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary."
www.indiainfoline.com is part of the IIFL Group, a leading financial services player and a diversified NBFC. The site provides comprehensive and real time information on Indian corporates, sectors, financial markets and economy. On the site we feature industry and political leaders, entrepreneurs, and trend setters. The research, personal finance and market tutorial sections are widely followed by students, academia, corporates and investors among others.
Copyright © India Infoline Ltd. All rights Reserved.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. SEBI Regn. No. : INB231097537/ INF231097537/ INE231097537,
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.:INB011097533/ INF011097533/ INE011097533,
MCX Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INB261097530/ INF261097530/ INE261097537,
United Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INE271097532,
5

Expect November CPI to soften furtherLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Expect November CPI to soften further
In key macro data to watch today, November consumer price index (CPI) and index of industrial production (IIP) for October will be released later today. Ekta Batra of CNBC has more details about what to expect.
Post your opinion here

Two trains collide near Patna; no casualty reportedDec 12, 2014 at 08:31am IST
Two trains collide near Patna; no casualty reported
8
0
Patna: In a tragic incident, Anand Bihar-Guwahati Express and Bhojpur-Mokama shuttle train collided near Patna in Bihar on Friday morning.
The accident took place at Barh railway station. Two bogies have been derailed in the collision.
However, no loss of life has been reported yet.
The accident took place at Barh railway station. Two bogies have been derailed in the collision.
more »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Top economic news of the day - December 12  2014Top economic news of the day - December 12  2014
Markets gain on firm global cues; Infosys up 1%Markets gain on firm global cues; Infosys up 1%
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 12, 2014 09:30 AM IST
Markets opened marginally higher tracking gains in their Asian peers and overnight gains on Wall Street with IT majors leading the gains.
Meanwhile, markets are likely to remain volatile ahead of the release of consumer price inflation and industrial production data due later today.
At 9:30AM, the 30-share Sensex was up 28 points at 27,630 and the 50-share Nifty was up 12 points at  8,306 .
On the economic front, progress on the Centre's proposed goods and services tax (GST) slowed further on Thursday as the states turned down the government's revised draft on a Constitution amendment Bill in this regard.
Meanwhile, foreign institutional investors were net sellers in Indian equities worth Rs 808.27 crore and also sold derivatives worth Rs 1,335 crore on Thursday, stock exchange data showed.
Japanese markets have gained on fall in yen and rebound in US markets. Nikkei has gained more than 1%. Chinese stocks have gained ahead of the release of retail sales data as any weakness in the figures is likely to bring about a stimulus dose by Chinese authorities. Hang Seng and Shanghai Composite indices have gained 0.5% and 0.9% each.
Overnight, US markets closed higher after three consecutive sessions of ending lower. Positive retail sales data boosted sentiments. Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 0.3% while S&P 500 and Nasdaq Composite indices closed with gains of 0.4% and 0.5% each.
The BSE IT index was the top sectoral gainer up 1% followed by Capital Goods, Healthcare, Bankex, Oil and Gas index among others.
TCS was up 1% on reports that the information-technology services player is undergoing a restructuring exercise. The workforce optimisation programme, in the planning stage, is expected to be over in February 2015, according to media reports.
Infosys bounced back on short covering after the correction on Thursday and was up over 1.5% while Wipro was up 0.7%.
Oil shares which had witnessed profit taking on the back of declining global crude prices also firmed up on value buying at lower levels with both Reliance Industries and ONGC up 0.3-0.6% each.
SBI, Axis Bank and Bharti Airtel were among the other Sensex gainers.
ITC was the top Sensex loser down 0.7% along with M&M, Gail and ICICI Bank among others.
Among other shares, OnMobile Global is locked in upper circuit of 5% at Rs 72.60 on BSE after the company said its board approved the buyback of equity shares of the company at a price not exceeding Rs 86 per share.
In the broader market, the BSE Mid-cap and Small-cap indices were up 0.6-0.7% each.
Market breadth was positive with 1,009 gainers and 351 losers on the BSE.

Drone revolution hovers on the horizonYou are here: Home > Collections > France
Drone revolution hovers on the horizon
AFP Dec 12, 2014, 09.16AM IST
Tags:
Amazon
(They are also being used…)
PARIS: Drones are about to have a big impact on our lives, even if they will not be delivering out orders from Amazon any time soon, say experts.
Civilian drones began to make headlines in 2014, and hype aside, could soon be in everyday use, particularly in France and the United States, which are at the cutting edge of the technology.
This developing sector is set to explode worldwide as the regulators begin to catch up with the technology, said Emmanuel de Maistre, boss of Redbird, a French start-up which makes drones for industry.
Drones have up until now been mostly confined to the military, but are now being used more and more in civilian roles that go far beyond simple reconnaissance.
Light, adjustable and easy to operate, they often bring better results than traditional means such as helicopters, light aircraft and satellites, and could "help us produce more and better, and in certain cases, more cheaply," according to France's Air & Space Academy (AAE).
Drones are where aeronautics and hi-tech meet and are regulated by the air safety authorities, although they owe more to new technology than they do to aviation.
"In a drone you will find everything that you have in your smartphone," said de Maistre.
The public got its first taste of what drones can do in the TV coverage of big news events such as the Maidan protests in Kiev and the Tour of France cycle race, with viewers given new and surprising camera angles on the action as it unfolded.
In Canada journalism schools are now even giving specialist courses in reporting with drones.
Manufacturers like Parrot have also managed to grab a slice of the action with camera drones controlled by smartphone, a market that the American extreme sports camera maker GoPro would also like a part of.
That said, the business is still only stuttering to life, worth around 500 million euros ($620 million) in Europe -- far from the $82 billion the US industry group Unmanned Vehicle Systems International (AUVSI) claims it will turn over in 10 years, when it expects 100,000 people to be employed in the sector.
France is one of the pioneers in the field, thanks to its liberal 2012 laws on drone use, which has allowed start-ups like Redbird to forge ahead.
Around 3,000 people work in the sector in France, mostly in small companies working overwhelmingly in image gathering.
Redbird is going further offering large industrial groups, including mining companies and electricity and rail giants EDF and SNCF, drones to help optimise their use of their quarries and networks.
They are also being used to increase efficiency in agriculture and for improving the use of fertilisers, which could help the environment.
Above all drones are tools for collecting information, which is why big players in the digital economy like Amazon, Google and Facebook are so interested in them, regularly making headlines with claims they would like to use drones to make deliveries to customers' homes.
That is still a distant prospect, however, according to industry insiders, given the laws as they stand, which ban drones flying over inhabited areas, or flying at night and into "no-fly zones" around airports.
Most see the home-delivery drone hype as a part of a bid to speed up a new law on private drones which is due to be adopted in the US in 2015, and which should give the sector a real boost.
Amazon's founder Jeff Bezos claims that the main barrier in the US is not the technology, but the regulation.
The Federal Aviation Authority (FAA) launched an experimental drone study in six US regions in 2013, and predicts it will be able to allow 7,500 mini-drones in the skies between now and 2018.
There are still many questions about the use of drones, doubts underlined by recent incidents of drones flying over French nuclear power stations. More worrying are at least two reported near-miss incidents with passenger aircraft in 2014, one in the US and one in Britain, highlighting the need for proper training of drone pilots.
Beyond that, there are thorny privacy issues, with drones capable of being used to capture and store images of people without their knowledge.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nifty opens above 8 300; tech  bank  pharma gainYou are here: Home > Collections
Sensex rangebound; top 10 stocks in focus
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 12, 2014, 11.32AM IST
Tags:
Bharti Airtel
(The Nifty opened on a positive…)
MUMBAI: The Nifty opened on a positive note led by gains in technology, banks and healthcare sectors even as the Asian markets remained subdued.
The government will release the Index of Industrial Production (IIP) data for October 2014 which is expected to contract, compared to October. Inflation based on Consumer Price Index (CPI) for October 2014 will also be announced and expectations are that it will be well below 5 per cent.
At 11:28 a.m.; the 50-share index was at 8,292.45, down 0.45 points or 0.02 per cent. It touched a high of 8,321.90 and a low of 8,285.25 in trade today.
The S&P BSE Sensex was at 27,585.1, down 16.91 points or 0.06 per cent. It touched a high of 27,692.32 and a low of 27,570.34 in trade today.
Here is a list of ten stocks which are likely to be in focus today:
Tech Mahindra Ltd: Software services firm Tech Mahindra has expanded its facility in Bhubaneswar providing new job opportunities to over 600 persons.
Reliance Industries Ltd: Reliance Industries has named former UK judge Sir Bernard Rix as its arbitrator in the KG-D6 cost recovery dispute with the government in place of former Chief Justice of India S P Bharucha who quit last week.
TCS Ltd: Tata Consultancy Services (TCS), India's largest information-technology services player, is learnt to be undergoing a restructuring exercise. The workforce optimisation programme, in the planning stage, is expected to be over in February 2015, said media reports.
Essar group shares will be in focus: In one of the biggest oil deals, Essar Group signed a $ 10 billion contract to import crude oil from Russia over a 10-year period.
Tata Power Ltd: Seeking to strengthen its international footprint, Tata Power , along with Russian sovereign wealth fund RDIF, will explore investment opportunities in the Russian energy sector.
NMDC Ltd: Indian mining company NMDC signed a memorandum of understanding with Akron to buy a stake in a potash mine in Russia, an official said on Thursday.
OnMobile Global Ltd: The company has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company have decided on Buy-Back of Company's equity shares of Rs. 10/- each from open market through stock exchange mechanism, at a price not exceeding Rs. 86/- per equity share.
OMCs will be in focus after the price of oil fell below $60 for the first time since July 2009 on Thursday and ended trading in New York at $59.95.
Wipro Ltd: Wipro said trustees of the Wipro Inc Benefit Trust have sold more than 18 lakh shares of the country's third-largest software firm in a deal estimated to be worth over Rs 100 crore.
Allahabad Bank: Rating agency Crisil has assigned a "low credit risk with negative outlook" rating to Allahabad Bank's proposed Rs 500 crore tier-II bonds to be raised this fiscal.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Come  polish in India: PM tells Russian jewellersinternational relations
India is the world’s biggest centre for the cutting and polishing of rough diamonds
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has said India and Russia want to focus on transforming economic relations with the bilateral diamond trade being a key pillar of the relationship. Mr. Modi invited Russia’s diamond mining companies to do business directly with India and asked Russian President Vladimir Putin to ease regulations to boost bilateral diamond trade.
Mr. Modi asked Mr. Putin to encourage Russian jewellers to process rough diamonds in India and asked him to permit duty-free re-import of polished diamonds.
Russia is the world’s largest diamond producer. India is the world’s biggest centre for the cutting and polishing of rough diamonds with $20 billion worth of exports a year.
Inaugurating the World Diamond Conference jointly with Mr. Putin here, Mr. Modi said on Thursday: “I have made proposals to President Putin…I would like Alrosa to have direct long-term contracts with more Indian companies… While most Russian rough diamonds come to India for cutting and polishing, less than 20 per cent come in directly… I want major diamond mining companies to sell directly to Indian diamond industry.”
Alrosa, the Russian Group of diamond miners, signed on Thursday contracts with 12 Indian companies for supply of diamonds worth $2.1 billion over the next three years.
Mr. Modi also invited Russian companies to trade on the Indian bourses. “We have decided to create a Special Notified Zone, in which major mining companies can import rough diamonds on a consignment basis and re-export unsold ones.”
President Putin said India should create favourable climate and sought reforms in customs procedures. “If India and Russia join hands, then diamond will not only sparkle by itself but will sparkle the whole world as well.”

Bengaluru executive behind Islamic State s most influential Twitter accountIS' top Twitter account run by Bangalore man
Saikat Datta , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 12, 2014
First Published: 09:11 IST(12/12/2014) | Last Updated: 23:49 IST(12/12/2014)
Comments
The most influential Twitter account of the Iraqi militant group Islamic State (IS), which has taken 39 Indian workers as hostage, has been found to be operated by an Indian executive working out of Bengaluru, formerly known as Bangalore, a report revealed by UK's Channel 4 has claimed.
Screen grab of the now deactivated @shamiwitness Twitter account.
This was revealed by the TV channel on Wednesday night, which identified the person as ‘Mehdi’ an executive working with an “Indian conglomerate” out of Bengaluru. The channel also claimed that Mehdi used to run the Twitter account @ShamiWitness with  over 17,000 followers, “two-thirds of whom are foreign fighters” fighting for the IS in Iraq and Syria. His tweets were seen over 2 million times making him the “most influential twitter account” for the IS.
In thousands of tweets sent out regularly he was “acting as the leading conduit of information between jihadis, supporters and recruits”. 
The channel says the man's full name has not been disclosed as his life would be in danger.
The report quotes Mehdi as saying he would have joined Islamic State, but his family was financially dependent on him. "If I had a chance to leave everything and join them I might have.. my family needs me here," he is quoted as saying.
Mehdi, the channel reported, is also on Facebook and regularly shares “jokes, funny images, talks about super hero movies, posting pictures of pizza dinners with friends and Hawaiian parties at work.” There are also indications of his “Islamist ideology” in conversations about “Libyan and Egyptian uprisings.”
Mehdi would post thousands of tweets from his Twitter account, using his mobile every month and also tweeted the video of the beheading of US aid worker Peter Kassig “within minutes of it being uploaded to the internet.”
He also tweeted in November that “May Allah guide, protect, strengthen and expand the Islamic State…Islamic State brought peace, autonomy, zero corruption, low crime rate”. The channel also reported how the Twitter account would express happiness at the “deaths and rapes of Kurdish fighters” on Twitter, but later said that these were “taken out of context”.
Mehdi shut down his account after being contacted by Channel 4 News.
Senior Indian intelligence officials Hindustan Times spoke to said that they were unaware about Mehdi and his Twitter account. On being alerted they have contacted their British counterparts to get more details about the account.
Intelligence sources also told HT that most of the radicalised youth from India have been found to be using social media and "influenced by similar accounts" posted by groups like the IS. One of the youths who left to join the IS, Arif Majeed from Kalyan, near Mumbai returned to India recently.
They are also planning to speak to Twitter, India to get the details of the person who was running the account.
Incidentally, a study conducted by researchers in the University of Milan has found that there are more social media followers sympathetic to the IS in Europe and the US than in states like Iraq and Syria. Another study conducted by Brookings Institute claimed that the IS use social media actively to spread and legitimise its activities.

Asian shares tread water  dollar stands tallAsian shares lifted by US data; oil slides
Reuters
Tweet
Tokyo, Dec 12:  
Asian shares got a lift on Friday after upbeat US data suggested weaker oil prices are adding momentum to the American economy, though a continued slide in crude prices kept gains in check.
US crude futures continued to drop after falling below the key psychological support level of $60 a barrel for the first time in five years, and stood at $59.30 in Asia, down more than 1 per cent on the day.
Brent crude continued its march downwards on Friday and dropped to a 5-1/2-year low of $63 a barrel, bringing this week’s losses to more than 8 per cent. It was last down 0.5 per cent at $63.40.
Asia-Pacific shares
MSCI’s broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan edged up about 0.2 per cent, though on track for a loss of over 2 per cent for the week.
Japan’s Nikkei stock average added 1 per cent, extending gains as the US data lifted exporters’s shares, but was poised to book a loss of nearly 3 percent for the week.
“Increasing consumption in the US is a big boost for Japanese exporters,’’ said Masayuki Otani, chief market analyst at Securities Japan, Inc.
Global crude prices have plunged in recent weeks on massive oversupply, raising fears that deflation could hit economies around the world. But data on Thursday showed that cheaper gasoline prices apparently helped US consumer spending mark broad rises last month, and jobless claims also fell.
Senate nod for extension of govt funding
One potential risk on the horizon got a temporary reprieve, when the US Senate approved a two-day extension of government funding late on Thursday to stave off shutdowns of federal agencies that otherwise would have begun at midnight.
Wall Street ended higher on Thursday, but Asian investors have mostly focused on the downside of lower energy costs, which dragged down equities here this week.
“The relentless decline in oil prices continues to unsettle risky asset markets. Oil prices have fallen to levels last reached in mid-2009, as OPEC cut its demand forecast to a 12-year low despite lower prices, and U.S. crude inventories rose,’’ Barclays strategists said in a note.
Dollar vs other currencies
The US data helped the dollar wrest itself off a two-week low of 117.44 yen, and was last flat on the day at 118.63 yen .
The euro slipped about 0.1 per cent to $1.2396, after top-rated euro zone bond yields inched lower on Thursday following a tepid response by banks to the European Central Bank’s second round of long-term loans.
Investors awaited Chinese retail sales data, industrial output and fixed-asset investment data for November, to gauge the strength of the world’s second-largest economy. Any signs of weakness are likely to raise expectations that Beijing will deliver further easing steps.
Spot gold slipped about 0.3 per cent to $1,222.50 an ounce, though it was still on track for a gain of over 2 per cent for a week in which it marked a seven-week high on Wednesday.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

Anubhav Infrastructure lists on MT group securitiesAnubhav Infrastructure lists on ‘MT’ group securities
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 12:  
Anubhav Infrastructure (scrip code: 538833) has informed the trading members of the BSE that its equity shares are admitted to dealings on the exchange in the list of ‘MT’ group securities.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

Will oppose Muslim reservation in T gana: TogadiaIf Mamata Banerjee arrested, Bengal will be on fire: Trinamool Congress MP Idris Ali
Senior Vishva Hindu Parishad (VHP) leader Praveen Togadia today said his organisation will oppose any move by the K Chandrasekhar Rao-led Telangana government in providing 12 per cent reservations to Muslims.
Addressing a ‘Virat Hindu Sammelan’ here on the eve of the golden jubilee celebrations of VHP, Togadia, who is international president of the organisation, said the party will take legal recourse if the state government comes up with any such move.
“VHP will oppose any move by the state government for providing 12 per cent reservations to Muslims and will take legal recourse if needed,” Togadia said.
Providing of reservations to Muslims was one of the promises made by Rao’s Telangana Rashtra Samithi (TRS) in its poll manifesto in April.
Togadia also appealed to Hindus to eradicate untouchability and maintain unity “to save the religion”.
“Each and every Hindu should maintain cordial relations with SC/ST’s and upper and lower castes should share common kitchens,” he said.
Raking up the issue of “love jihad’, Togadia said VHP was not against “pure love”.
“Love jihad is not pure because Hindu girls are converted to Islam after their marriage but in no case any Muslim boy gets converted to Hinduism.. This is clearly the ‘love jihad’ and we are against it,” Togadia said.
He said that construction of the temple of Lord Ram in Ayodhya is the matter of “self respect” to Hindus.
Vishva Hindu Parishad (VHP) national president G Raghava Reddy and regional president Rama Raju also spoke on the occasion.
Post Comments
More from miscellaneous

India needs to overcome  white hair syndrome  to innovate: Tata group s Ratan TataRoche loses patent for osteoporosis drug in India
Tata group’s chairman emeritus Ratan Tata today said Indians have tremendous potential for inventions and innovations but the country needs to overcome its “white hair syndrome” which restricts opportunities.
“I have always really felt India has tremendous potential for inventions and innovations, but we never really had the opportunity because we suffer from the ‘white hair syndrome’. I have white hair (experience) and your idea is never as good as mine,” Tata said at an event where the XPrize organisation launched its India chapter.
Tata said he always visualised that an Indian engineer or an inventor solving global problems.
“An Indian engineer or an inventor could solve a global problem but never had a chance to do that from India, and now this may provide a motivation for that to happen. Your ideas have been so visionary. There have always been things considered technically impossible — artificial eyes, autonomous cars, robots, application of robots, things of this nature,” he said.
“This XPrize really broke that tradition to enable a 20-year old to have a great idea and be recognised on a global level for what he has done, with no limitation on his age or wealth or his name, and makes no limitation on what he chooses to do,” Tata said at the event.
XPrize is a USA-based non-profit organisation, which motivated development of ideas with large prizes, on whose board Tata serves, along with Google founder Larry Page, acclaimed movie maker James Cameron, Arianna Huffington of Huffington Post as well as PayPal co-founder Elon Musk, among others.
“For me, this is an opportunity. You are very receptive to taking XPrize to India and not restricting it to the USA. Why not look at a country like India which I think has enormous capabilities and strength,” Tata said.
Asked about what his dreams are for XPrize India, Tata said, “I think that depends on imagination. What I would like to see is that we give India, and our entrepreneurs, a chance to participate in an area that the US has excelled in, as well as an opportunity to take a chance, to undertake to do something that is considered impossible, and to achieve that in an organised manner with incentives,” Tata said.
“I would hope that one day, XPrize India becomes globally visible as a Nobel Prize and in many ways a Nobel Prize for innovation,” he said.
India has shown its innovation skills in many areas, Tata said.
“In the medical area also, it has been genome sequencing. It has always been something that is not easy to do. Dreams form a spark and you have the satisfaction of converting it into reality,” he said.
Tata said he got attracted to the XPrize as it encouraged to people and faciliated change.
“I was drawn to technological motivation coupled with the physical feat of doing something and not just doing it in a lab, but out in the real world,” he said.
Post Comments
More from companies

Pricol gains on overseas acquisitionPricol gains on overseas acquisition
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 12, 2014 09:52 AM IST
Pricol has rallied 8% to Rs 46 on the National Stock Exchange (NSE) after the company announced the acquisition of auto component manufacturing Company in Brazil, through its wholly owned subsidiary company.
The stock opened at Rs 42.20 and hit a high of Rs 47.40 on NSE. The trading volumes on the counter more than doubled with a combined 685,579 shares changed hands till 0948 hours on NSE and BSE.
“The board of directors of the company at the meeting held on December 11, 2014 has proposed to acquire 99.99% of stake in a Brazil based auto component manufacturing company through its wholly owned subsidiary incorporated in Spain,” Pricol said in a statement.
The aforesaid Company in Brazil achieved sales revenue of Rs 301 crore during the calendar year 2013.
This acquisition will enable Pricol to make a foray into the Brazilian Auto Component Industry. The aforesaid acquisition is expected to be completed by the end of January 2015, it added.

TCS to trim workforce  25K senior workers face role  performance reviewTCS plans to restructure workforce, move may impact senior employees
BS Reporters | Pune / Bengaluru Dec 12, 2014 12:50 AM IST
TCS has issued a clarification on this story. Please read it at the end of the article.
Tata Consultancy Services (TCS), India’s largest information-technology services player, is learnt to be undergoing a restructuring exercise. The workforce optimisation programme, in the planning stage, is expected to be over in February 2015.  
According to company sources, every vertical has been asked to identify senior staff who have not been very productive. Employees who have been put under the scanner are above the rank of consultant — senior consultant, principal consultant, vice-presidents, etc.
“These are employees with around 20 years of experience and some 25,000 employees could fall in this category. They would be reviewed during the process which will get over by February 2015, before the next appraisal cycle starts from March,” the sources added.
ADAPTING TO CHANGE
Every vertical has been asked to identify senior staff who have not been very productive, say sources
 
Those under the scanner are above the rank of consultant - senior consultant, principal consultant, vice-presidents
 
The firm is also pulling back staff from onsite locations, especially those whose roles are not being considered critical
According to one executive, who did not wish to be named, the employees are being evaluated under two criteria - how critical his or her role is and how much revenue he or she has been able to generate for the company. The company is also pulling back staff from onsite locations, especially those whose roles are not being considered as critical. The restructuring, however, will not have any impact on the hiring of junior-level employees and freshers, added the executive.
When contacted, a TCS spokesperson said: “As a performance-driven company, workforce optimisation is a continuous process, which happens throughout the year, taking into account employee performance, business needs, and people aspirations. This leads to some amount of involuntary attrition in the company. This is nothing out of the ordinary or a special situation for us to comment about.” The company went on reiterate that it was on track to hiring 55,000 professional for FY16.
At the end of the quarter ended September 30, TCS had a total headcount of 313,757 following a gross employee addition of 20,000.
Analyst covering the company and the sector are not too concerned about the development. Several of the analysts that Business Standard spoke to said this trend has been happening for some time now and players such as Infosys and Wipro, too, have initiated such programmes.
“Around one to two per cent of involuntary attrition happens in almost all the companies and TCS is not an exception. The overall numbers at TCS may be more pronounced due to its size,” said an analyst on condition of anonymity.
IT services industry body Nasscom has been pointing out to such a situation for some time that warrants companies to focus on upgrading skill sets to remain competitive in the global sourcing market.
According to Nasscom Perspective 2020, the sector is already facing a shortage of employable talent and companies are hiring people who lack skills but are trainable. “An average company is investing 16 weeks to train one employee in areas such as technical skills, soft skills, company orientation and process-specific domain skills. As a result, the training and recruitment cost of technology services companies has risen steadily in the past few years. Recruiting a trainable pool is not sustainable option going forward,” the report noted.
Companies in the sector have been pointing out that going ahead, increased automation will make them reduce the hiring target. In a recent interview to Business Standard, Wipro’s chief executive officer (CEO) T K Kurien had stated: “We believe we should be able to do the same thing that TCS has done, but with a lesser number of people. Large numbers of people are the biggest worry for us because we believe that at some time, you will hit an upper limit. So our target is to reach that kind of performance but with a highest level of automation.”
With TCS aiming to generate annual revenue of $5 billion from its digital services in the next few years, N Chandrasekaran, managing director and CEO of TCS, has in the past said that the world and hence the business has moved to a different paradigm. “Technology innovation will only increase. We have talked about digital issues like cloud, big data, mobility, etc. But going ahead, a lot more technologies will be built on top of that. From our side, the world has moved into a different paradigm and it’s called the default digital paradigm,” he had told Business Standard in an earlier interview.
“It is a fact that there are several IT professionals who joined the industry during the 1990s and have not upgraded their skill. They need to either re-skill themselves, up-skill or leave the organisation. This reset of employee capability is the new reality and will be now evident in every business cycle,” said another analyst.
TCS clarifies:
TCS has clarified that the restructuring will not affect "some 25,000 employees with around 20 years of experience", as mentioned in the report. A TCS statement says as has been mentioned by Ajay Mukherjee, EVP and head of global HR at a press conference  in Bangalore on December 12, "the annual involuntary attrition is between 1-2 per cent across the organisation which includes employees who retire, business associated hired for specific  projects, etc". The error is regretted.

Asia equities rebound despite oil slideUS and Europe stocks lower as oil slides
Jamie Chisholm, Global Markets Commentator
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8b8b5166-81b0-11e4-b956-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Need to overcome  white hair syndrome  to innovate: TataRatan Tata says need to overcome 'white hair syndrome' to innovate
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 12, 2014  | 10:21 IST
Tata Group's chairman emeritus Ratan Tata
Tata Group's chairman emeritus Ratan Tata said on Thursday Indians have tremendous potential for inventions and innovations but the country needs to overcome its "white hair syndrome" which restricts opportunities.
"I have always really felt India has tremendous potential for inventions and innovations, but we never really had the opportunity because we suffer from the 'white hair syndrome'. I have white hair (experience) and your idea is never as good as mine," Tata said at an event where the XPrize organisation launched its India chapter.
Tata said he always visualised that an Indian engineer or an inventor solving global problems.
"An Indian engineer or an inventor could solve a global problem but never had a chance to do that from India, and now this may provide a motivation for that to happen. Your ideas have been so visionary. There have always been things considered technically impossible-artificial eyes, autonomous cars, robots, application of robots, things of this nature," he said.
"This XPrize really broke that tradition to enable a 20-year old to have a great idea and be recognised on a global level for what he has done, with no limitation on his age or wealth or his name, and makes no limitation on what he chooses to do," Tata said at the event.
XPrize is a USA-based non-profit organisation, which motivated development of ideas with large prizes, on whose board Tata serves, along with Google founder Larry Page, acclaimed movie maker James Cameron, Arianna Huffington of Huffington Post as well as PayPal co-founder Elon Musk, among others.
"For me, this is an opportunity. You are very receptive to taking XPrize to India and not restricting it to the USA. Why not look at a country like India which I think has enormous capabilities and strength," Tata said.
Asked about what his dreams are for XPrize India, Tata said, "I think that depends on imagination. What I would like to see is that we give India, and our entrepreneurs, a chance to participate in an area that the US has excelled in, as well as an opportunity to take a chance, to undertake to do something that is considered impossible, and to achieve that in an organised manner with incentives," Tata said.
"I would hope that one day, XPrize India becomes globally visible as a Nobel Prize and in many ways a Nobel Prize for innovation," he said.
India has shown its innovation skills in many areas, Tata said.
"In the medical area also, it has been genome sequencing. It has always been something that is not easy to do. Dreams form a spark and you have the satisfaction of converting it into reality," he said.
Tata said he got attracted to the XPrize as it encouraged to people and faciliated change.
"I was drawn to technological motivation coupled with the physical feat of doing something and not just doing it in a lab, but out in the real world," he said.

Supreme Court rejects Centres appeal denying benefit to disabledsoldiersWritten by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi |
Posted: December 12, 2014 9:52 am
“They are in the line of fire. They sacrifice their life for you and for us. This is the least you could do for them.” It was the message by the Supreme Court to the Centre, which was fighting against the ex-servicemen of Army over a modest increase in their disability pension.
Coming to the rescue of around 15,000 soldiers, the court rejected an appeal by the government against an order of the Armed Forces Tribunal (AFT), which had extended the benefits of an extra amount in their pensions on account of disability due to service conditions.
On Wednesday, a bench led by Chief Justice of India H L Dattu expressed its disgruntlement over the government’s insistence on denying the benefit to the soldiers on the ground that it would burden the exchequer with an additional Rs. 1500 crore.
“So what? The government can have at least this much of budget for its soldiers who are dying for the people of this country everyday. What is the point of having these memorials and placards saluting our defence personnel if you litigate agianst the disabled soldiers till the Supreme Court. You should pay them,” said the bench, also comprising Justices Madan B Lokur and A K Sikri.
With the writing on the wall, the government’s law officer chose not to argue the appeal further and said they would comply with the order. The bench disposed of around 880 appeals against the AFT order on this issue.
Among those who will be benfitted by this order is also Army’s former Vice-Chief Lt Gen Vijay Oberoi, who lost his leg in a gun battle in the 1965 Indo-Pakistan war. Oberoi soldiered on without any financial benefit whilst in service but was categorised as 70 per cent disabled when he retired as the army’s vice chief in 2001.
When the 5th Pay Commission enhanced this to 75 per cent, the Ministry of Defence (MoD) refused to pay. On Oberoi’s petition, the Chandigarh bench of the AFT, in 2010 allowed “broad-banding” benefits to all disabled personnel irrespective of when they left service.
Under the “broad-banding” policy, three bands were to judge disability across the board. Up to 50 per cent disability, a person was to be given the benefits of a 50 percent disability holder; a person with 51-75 per cent disability was to be given 75 per cent disability benefits; while a person with 76-100 per cent disability was to be given 100 per cent disability benefits. The policy was introduced to avoid subjectivity and variance in calculating disability percentage.
This broad-banding was accepted and implemented by the MoD but the benefits were granted to only those who were removed from service by the government on medical grounds, and not to those who retired after their full service. The AFT removed this anomaly and held that all the soldiers shall get the benefit under the policy.
The Department of Ex-Servicemen Welfare (DESW), which comes under the MoD and looks into the grievances and other pension matters of retired defence personnel, filed an appeal continued…

Thanks to IRCTC  stations may soon get CCD  Pizza Hut | Safal to take on McCainYou are here: Home > Collections > Irctc
IRCTC in talks with Cafe Coffee Day, Pizza Hut and others to open eateries at stations
Tasmayee Laha Roy, ET Bureau Dec 12, 2014, 07.13AM IST
Tags:
Hotels
(We would also add another…)
KOLKATA: Come 2015, and your wait in a railway station isn't going to be all that disappointing, especially if you are hungry. IRCTC in its effort to offer better fare at stations is talking to Cafe Coffee Day, Pizza Hut, Barista Coffee, Subway and Jumboking Vadapav, urging them to open eateries at stations.
In doing so, IRCTC is trying to take its annual earnings to Rs 50 crore from the current Rs 30 crore. "To begin with, Mapple Hotels has been selected to run the food plaza at Hardwar station. There are 106 other food plazas and fast food units that are at various stages of commissioning at places like Bhavnagar, Delhi Cantonment, Kanpur Central and others. We would also add another 56 food kiosks at Delhi Metro stations across New Delhi," said RN Kalita, director of catering services at IRCTC.
Travel Food Services (TFS), a Mumbai-based F&B operator that specialises in running restaurants, cafes, food courts and manages lounges across major airports in the country, will launch similar executive lounges across railway stations like Vijayawada, Howrah and Jaipur by next April. These lounges would be anything between 1,500 sq ft and 3,500 sq ft.
"We share the common vision of changing the travel experience of passengers with the Indian Railways. Our big challenge is to organise the scattered F&B services that are available at railway stations," said Gaurav Dewan, COO, Travel Food Services.
TFS, which has franchisee arrangement with brands like KFC, Domino's Pizza, Cafeccino, Haagen-Dazs, The Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf , is also bidding to operate in the food courts and food plazas at various stations. IRCTC will soon finalise 50 food plazas in tier-II cities like Dehradun, Tambaram and Haridwar. Keeping in mind the heterogeneous consumers in railway stations, food items of all price range would be served at the railway and metro stations.
Operating more than 70 vadapav stores across the country, Jumboking Vadapav has proposed 20 outlets across stations in New Delhi, in places like IFFCO Chowk metro station and HUDA City Centre metro station.
FEATURED ARTICLES

US House passes $1.1 trillion govt funding billHouse approves $1.1 trillion spending bill, averts shutdown
Reuters Dec 12, 2014, 08.56AM IST
Tags:
Barack Obama
(A separate bill to fund the…)
WASHINGTON: Facing intense pressure to avoid a government shutdown, the US House of Representatives have narrowly passed a USD 1.1 trillion federal spending bill, sending it to the Senate after it was ushered through barely two hours before a midnight deadline.
Yesterday's 219-206 vote followed a bruising day of arm-twisting by the White House after dozens of Democrats revolted over pro-Wall Street and campaign-finance riders in the bill, dramatically splitting with President Barack Obama over the legislation that funds most federal operations through September.
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said after the vote that his chamber will take up the must-pass legislation today.
Congress passed a two-day extension to keep government open beyond yesterday's witching hour so that the Senate can debate and vote on the measure.
The spending package, which would fund most federal operations through September 30, the end of the 2015 fiscal year, was the focus of extraordinary brinkmanship in Congress, a fitting cap to one of the most polarized eras in Washington.
The deal almost did not happen, forcing the White House and Obama, who came out in favor of the measure, into near-panic mode as they scrambled to get enough Democrats on board.
House Speaker John Boehner was forced to suspend proceedings in the chamber when he realized he was short, fueling a rancorous Capitol Hill showdown.
Progressive Democrats were furious over a clause buried deep in the 1,603-page bill that rolls back key financial regulations on Wall Street.
Top House Democrat Nancy Pelosi joined the revolt. In a stunning rebuke of Obama on the House floor she blasted as "blackmail" the effort to shred reforms in the so-called Dodd-Frank law that prevent big banks from making risky derivatives trades protected by taxpayer-insured funds.
Pelosi and others argued that the change opens the door to another big bank bailout that rescued foundering financial institutions during the worst of the Great Recession. That, Democrats fear, could lead to a repeat of conditions that fueled the financial crisis of 2007-2008.
Democrats are also angered by a rider which would dramatically expand the amount that wealthy individuals can contribute to political parties -- a move which would undercut campaign finance reforms from 2002.
Senior House Democrat Steve Israel warned that the two provisions were poison pills "that Democrats can't swallow," and said he hoped Boehner would strip them out and start anew.
Ultimately, 57 Democrats joined most Republicans in supporting the measure.
FEATURED ARTICLES

McDonald s to pare US menus for speedYou are here: Home > Collections
McDonald's to pare US menus to speed up service, bolster sales
Reuters Dec 12, 2014, 04.06AM IST
Tags:
Extra Value Meals
(Mike Andres, the company's…)
LOS ANGELES:McDonald's said on Wednesday it plans to cut the number of items on its US menus and use fewer ingredients in food as it moves to speed up service, bolster sales and offer consumers personalised options to compete better with Subway and Chipotle Mexican Grill.
Mike Andres , the company's US president, said starting in January menus will have eight fewer food items and five fewer Extra Value Meals . The world's biggest fast-food chain, which has not had a monthly gain in sales at established US restaurants since October 2013, is also making the changes to reach out to consumers who are demanding simpler, more natural food choices. The company is testing its slimmed-down menus in six markets, including Bakersfield, California, and Knoxville, Tennessee, a spokeswoman said.
The simplified menu boar ds will offer one Quarter Pounder with Cheese hamburger as compared with four on the regular menu, one Premium Chicken sandwich versus three, and one Snack Wrap versus three. Andres said McDonald's is not finished tweaking menus. "There's more to come," Andres said on a conference call with investors. "We don't need to have a big menu board to offer variety."
The menu changes come as McDonald's plans to roll out its new "Create Your Taste" sandwich program to 2,000 of its US restaurants by the end of 2015. McDonald's is hoping that giving customers a choice of sandwich toppings will enable it to better compete with Subway and Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc, popular restaurants that allow diners to build their meals ingredient-by-ingredient.
McDonald's abandoned a prior customization drive several years ago. CEO Don Thompson recently told Reuters that technology that allows customers to order from mobile phones and inrestaurant kiosks makes success more likely this time around.
FEATURED ARTICLES

IL&FS Engineering surges over 13% on Rs 464 cr order winYou are here: Home > Collections > Subsidiary
IL&FS Engineering surges over 13% on Rs 464 cr order win
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 12, 2014, 12.52PM IST
Tags:
IL&FS Engineering & Construction
(Shares of IL&FS Engineering…)
MUMBAI: Shares of IL&FS Engineering surged over 13 per cent in trade after its subsidiary bagged Rs 464 crore order in Saudi Arabia.
Maytas Infra Saudi Arabia , a subsidiary of IL&FS Engineering, has received a contract from Saudi Binladin Group for construction of Abraj Kudai Project-P1360 in Makkah, Saudi Arabia.
The project is to be completed in a period of 32 months.
The scope of the work includes supply, delivery, installation, supervision, as built, and handing over of structural and reinforcement concrete works for two towers which are 230 meters in height.
FEATURED ARTICLES

OnMobile fixes buyback price at Rs 86; stock ralliesYou are here: Home > Collections
OnMobile fixes buyback price at Rs 86/share; stock rallies
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 12, 2014, 09.56AM IST
Tags:
OnMobile Global
(Shares of OnMobile Global…)
MUMBAI: Shares of OnMobile Global were hit at 5 per cent upper circuit after the telecom services provider fixed share buyback price at Rs 86 per share.
The company has decided to buy-back equity shares of Rs 10 each from open market through stock exchange mechanism at a "price not exceeding Rs 86 per equity share payable in cash for an aggregate amount not exceeding Rs 49 crores," the company said in a filing to stock exchanges.
The buy-back price is at 24% per cent premium to the stock's previous closing price.
There were 2.76 lakh pending buy orders and no sellers in the counter.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Oil prices struggle after WTI crude sinks below USD 60Dec 12, 2014, 10.05 AM IST  | Source: PTI
Oil prices struggle after WTI crude sinks below USD 60
WTI and Brent prices have fallen precipitously since hitting 2014 peaks of USD 106 and USD 115 respectively in June
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Oil prices struggle after WTI crude sinks below USD 60
WTI and Brent prices have fallen precipitously since hitting 2014 peaks of USD 106 and USD 115 respectively in June
Post your opinion here
 
Oil prices sank further in Asia today, with analysts warning of little respite from the the
selling after plunging more than 40 percent since June.
US benchmark West Texas Intermediate (WTI) for January deliver was down 86 cents at USD 59.09 in mid-morning trade.The contract closed below the psychological USD 60 mark for the first time since July 2009 yesterday.
Brent crude was down 52 cents at USD 63.16.
"There just doesn't seem to be any relief for oil prices at the moment," Michael McCarthy, chief market strategist at CMC Markets in Sydney, told AFP.
"The bearish sentiment is unlikely to change until the end of the year unless we see a significant drop in global production levels or a supply disruption," he said.
WTI and Brent prices have fallen precipitously since hitting 2014 peaks of USD 106 and USD 115 respectively in June.
The drop has been attributed to slowing growth in China and emerging-market economies, a recession in Japan and a near-stall in the eurozone. On top of that, OPEC last month said it would maintain output levels despite ample global supplies, in part due to
cheaper oil extracted from North American shale rock.
McCarthy said at levels below USD 60, prices falls are likely to face "more resistance than at the moment". Analysts said the crude market had largely ignored data showing a healthy rise in US retail sales in November that raised hopes about consumer demand in the world's largest economy. 
RELATED NEWS

Small Cap World Fund sells 15 lakh shares of Tilaknagar IndDec 12, 2014, 08.26 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Small Cap World Fund sells 15 lakh shares of Tilaknagar Ind
Small Cap World Fund Inc sold 15,35,000 shares of Tilaknagar Industries at Rs 28.01.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Small Cap World Fund sells 15 lakh shares of Tilaknagar Ind
Small Cap World Fund Inc sold 15,35,000 shares of Tilaknagar Industries at Rs 28.01.
Post your opinion here
 
On December 11, 2014 Small Cap World Fund Inc sold 15,35,000 shares of  Tilaknagar Industries at Rs 28.01 on the BSE.
On Thursday, Tilaknagar Industries ended at Rs 27.80, up Rs 0.45, or 1.65 percent on the BSE.
The share touched its 52-week high Rs 68 and 52-week low Rs 25.60 on 15 April, 2014 and 24 November, 2014, respectively.
RELATED NEWS

Goa Minister  3 MLAs yet to repay Rs 12 lakh each for Brazil junket during 2014 football World CupGovernment mulling to legalise arms representatives: Manohar Parrikar
Dec 12, 2014 at 09:24am IST
Goa Minister, 3 MLAs yet to repay Rs 12 lakh each for Brazil junket during 2014 football World Cup
111
0
Panaji: Six months after three Goa MLAs and one minister had gone on a junket to Brazil for the football World Cup, they are yet to repay their dues to the Sports Authority of Goa.
Sports Authority of Goa has claimed that they have sent three reminders till now to Fisheries Minister Avertano Furtado, and MLAs Glenn Ticlo, Carlos Almeida and Benjamin Silva. While Furtado is yet to pay Rs 11 lakh, the other legislators have a pending bill of Rs 12 lakh each.
Director Sports Authority of Goa, Sandip Jaques said that they have informed all MLAs and the minister that they should refund the amount as soon as possible.
While the Fisheries Minister is yet to pay Rs 11 lakh, the other legislators have a pending bill of Rs 12 lakh each.
#goa junket #brazil #football world cup #avertano furtado
The state sports department had in June 2014 sanctioned Rs 89 lakh for the tour. After national outrage, then Goa Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar had said that the legislators will foot the bill themselves. However, six months after the tour also, there is still no sign of the money being repaid.
"I have been given an assurance that the payments will be done in next couple of days. We will wait for some days and if they still do not clear the dues, we will take up the matter with CM," Jaques said.
22

Soon we will be bigger than the US in terms of connected users: Google India MDe lounge Rewind: Bollywood stories of 2014
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Venkatesh Valluri quits Ingersoll-Rand Tech ServicesHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Venkatesh Valluri quits Ingersoll-Rand Tech Services
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 12:  
Ingersoll-Rand (India) has informed the stock exchanges that Venkatesh Valluri, Chairman of the Board of Directors, has resigned from the services of Ingersoll-Rand Technologies and Services Pvt Ltd to pursue other professional interests.
Ingersoll-Rand said it received a communication on Friday from Valluri saying that he would be relinquishing the position of President, Ingersoll-Rand, India Region, effective close of working hours on December 15, 2014. Valluri has also confirmed that he would continue to serve as Chairman until March 31, 2015.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

Rupee opens weak at 62.49Rupee recovers marginally to 62.29 vs dollar
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 12:  
After declining to yet another 10-month low of 62.50, the rupee recovered marginally to 62.29 per dollar as the American currency weakened against major global currencies. It had closed at 62.34 on Thursday.
On Friday, the Indian currency lowered to 62.42 in the opening trade, after which it depreciated to 62.50 against the dollar due to heavy sell-off by foreign investors from the domestic market amid concerns in the global economy and dollar demand from oil importing companies.
BSE-benchmark Sensex plunged again by over 250 points (0.91 per cent) to end at 27,350.
However, the market recovered to 62.25 per dollar ahead of the key economic data to be released post trading hours. Government release data on November’s consumer price inflation at 4.38 per cent as compared with 5.52 per cent in October.
While October Index of Industrial Production (IIP) declined to negative at (-)4.2 per cent as against September’s 2.8 per cent.
Market analysts expect the rupee to continue being weighed down by the negative domestic growth data, global macro economy and geopolitical concerns.
Call Rates rise; G-sec yields fall
The overnight call money rates, the interest rates at which banks borrow from each other to overcome liquidity mismatches, ended a tad higher at 8 per cent as against Thursday’s close of 7.90 per cent. Intra-day, it moved in the previously traded range of 7 per cent and 8.15 per cent.
The 10-year benchmark government security (8.40 per cent G-Sec, maturing in 2024) yield dropped to a 1-year low of 7.83 per cent from 7.86 per cent. Yields are currently at their lowest levels since August, 2013.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

CBI summons Madan MitraFiles chargesheet in Odisha chit fund scam
Kolkata, Dec 12:  
West Bengal Transport Minister, Madan Mitra, will appear before the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) today in connection with the multi crore Saradha scam.
Mitra was summoned by the central agency on November 15. He had then received an e-mail from the agency asking him to appear for questioning.
However, the minister citing health reasons had sought relaxation from questioning.
After being discharged from hospital later in November, he called up the CBI expressing his availability.
The Transport minister is expected to be there at the CBI's Kolkata office in Salt Lake around 11 am.
So far, the CBI has arrested Trinamool Congress MP, Srinjoy Bose; suspended MP Kunal Ghosh and party functionary, Rajat Majumdar along with three other people - Debabrata Sarkar, Sandhir Agarwal and Sadanand Gogoi - in connection with the Saradha scam.
The Saradha group, involved in various ponzi schemes, went bust in April 2013 duping thousands of small investors across West Bengal, Assam, Tripura, Bihar and Odisha. Its chairman, Sudipta Sen arrested after the scam broke out by West Bengal police; has since then been in jail.
Charge-sheet in Odisha investigations
The CBI has meanwhile filed a charge-sheet in the ongoing Odisha Chit Fund Scam probe that involves the Artha Tatwa Group.
According to a CBI spokesperson, a charge sheet has been filed in Arthatatwa case against 16 persons and several Artha Tatwa group companies under various sections of the Indian Penal Code - dealing with cheating, breach of trust, criminal conspiracy - and also under sections of Prize Chits and Money Circulation Schemes (Banning ) Act.
Some of the persons named include Asok Mohanty, Ex AG Odisha; Pravat Tripathy, MLA Odisha; PK Sethi, CMD, AT Group amongst others.
"Further investigation with regard to role of other persons in larger conspiracy, money trail and role of other agencies continues," the spokesperson said.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

Markets Live: Sensex trading flat; IIP  retail inflation data eyedWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

Oil spill in Bangladesh Sunderbans; India on high alertOil spill in Bangladesh Sunderbans; India on high alert
BS Reporter | New Delhi/Kolkata Dec 13, 2014 12:40 AM IST
An ecological disaster is in the making in the Sunderbans, the world’s largest mangrove forest spanning across the Indo-Bangla border, after an oil tanker collided with an empty cargo vessel. The incident spilled nearly 350 tonnes of oil into the Sela river, threatening the survival of multiple species of flora and fauna.
The collision sent Indian official agencies, including the West Bengal forest department, Border Security Force (BSF) and the Coast Guard, into a tizzy on speculation that the spillage might cross over to the Indian side of the forest.
The Sunderbans is one of the 32 UNESCO World Heritage Sites in India, known for its cultural and natural importance. The forest is home to the Royal Bengal Tiger, Olive Ridley turtle, Ganges dolphin and several migratory birds from Siberia, apart from rare species of crocodiles.
The tanker was reportedly on way to deliver the oil to a power plant in Gopalganj when struck by the other vessel on Tuesday in a sanctuary for dolphins, including the rare Irrawaddy species. The spill from the oil tanker, named OT Southern Star 7, had spread over an estimated 70 sq km by Friday.
The accident left at least 20 canals connected with the Sela river, apart from a major river, Pashur, affected even as the sunk tanker was salvaged on Thursday. The Bangladesh government has lodged a case against the owners of the two vessels and sent four navy ships to deal with the spill.
Environment activists warned of a massive ecological disaster due to the spill, particularly in the sMechua and Baghamara regions in the southernmost parts of the Sunderban delta, where individual rivers meet the sea. Local officials said a close tab is being kept on the areas likely to get affected.
“There is no report of Indian side getting affected and chances seem remote so far. However, field staff, particularly those deployed in the camps along the Indo-Bangla border, has been alerted,” West Bengal’s Principal Chief Conservator of Forest (Wildlife) Ujjwal Kumar Bhattacharya said. “Patrolling has been beefed up to check if the oil spill is spreading to the Indian Sunderbans.”
THREAT TO FRAGILE ECOLOGY
Sunderbans is one of the 32 UNESCO World Heritage Sites in India, known for its cultural and natural importance
The mangrove forest is home to the Royal Bengal Tiger, Olive Ridley turtle, Ganges dolphin,rare species of crocodiles, and migratory birds. Areas in southern Sunderbans were declared Dolphin sanctuaries in 2011
Environment activists warned of a massive ecological disaster, particularly in Mechua and Baghamara regions in the southernmost parts of the Sunderban delta
The BSF, the Coast Guard and forest guards have been asked to check if the oil spill is approaching the Indian side
Kolkata Port Trust is in constant touch with the Mongla Port in Bangladesh
SPREADING DISASTER
The spill occurred when the oil tanker, OT Southern Star 7, was hit by another vessel on the Sela river, running through the mangrove forest of Sunderbans
350 tonne oil leaked and had spread over an estimated 70 sq km by Friday
Officials said the BSF and Coast Guard have been asked to check if the spill is approaching the Indian border. As part of the effort, Kolkata Port Trust (KoPT) is maintaining constant communication with the Mongla Port in Bangladesh. Patrolling is being intensified in the Harinbhanga river and Raimangal, which forms the boundary between Indian Sunderbans and Bangladesh’s,” a KoPT official said.
Areas in the southern Sunderbans were declared dolphin sanctuaries in 2011 after research showed nearly some 6,000 Irrawaddy dolphins lived there. The accident where the crash took place is a no-go zone for vessels. Environmentalists state that the brackish water shipping route through the Sunderbans is in violation of ecological norms.
According to the standards of Oil Industry Safety Directorate (OISD) under the Indian petroleum ministry, an oil spill of less than 700 tonne is considered Tier-I, the lowest of the three tiers of threat to safety. Oil spills are not uncommon in India. An Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC) pipeline had ruptured near Bhadbhut in Gujarat leading to oil spill in coastal areas of Gulf of Khambhat last year. Another ONGC pipeline had leaked in Gujarat in 2010 leading to a spill that later caused a fire.

UN talks: John Kerry appeals to all to share burden of climatechangeBy: Associated Press | Lima |
Posted: December 12, 2014 10:51 am | Updated: December 12, 2014 10:55 am
US Secretary of State John Kerry on Friday appealed to the countries at UN climate talks to jointly share the burden of combating climate change and draft their energy policies around renewable sources.
Kerry, who addressed representatives of participating countries at the UN climate talks being held, also took a swipe at the US politicians who continue to deny that climate change and its devastating effects are real.
“You don’t need a PhD…you just need to pay attention to see that the world is already changing,” he noted.
He said every country should do its part.
Developed nations have to play a major role in cutting emissions, “but that doesn’t mean that other nations are just free to go off and repeat the mistakes of the past” by not having environmentally-friendly energy policies and investment, he said.
If the US drastically cut emissions on its own, it would still not be enough to save the planet from warming to 2 degrees Celsius because “it’s the net amount of carbon that matters, not each country’s share.”
“The solution to climate change is energy policy,” Kerry said while calling for a focus on renewable energy.
He urged big greenhouse gas emitters to follow the examples of China and the US, saying the two “leaders of opposing camps” in the climate talks have come to an agreement, which should send a message to other countries that the “roadblocks” to a Paris 2015 agreement can be removed.

After 14 years  new hopes for release of IromSharmilaBy: Press Trust of India | Kolkata |
Posted: December 12, 2014 10:44 am | Updated: December 12, 2014 11:15 am
With the central government deciding to decriminalise attempt to suicide, there is fresh hope for the release of civil rights activist Irom Chanu Sharmila who has been on a fast-unto-death for 14 years.
“We are very happy to know that the government will have to release Sharmila once the law is changed. Whatever happens she will continue with her fight for the repeal of the ‘draconian’ Armed Forces Special Powers Act (AFSPA),” said Sharmila’s brother Irom Singhajit.
The family is, however, worried about what will happen to the ‘Iron Lady of Manipur’ if she is not forcibly nose-fed in Imphal’s Jawahar Lal Nehru Hospital, a special ward of which acts as a prison for her.
“There will definitely be a risk to her life in that case but she will carry on her fast. Her resolve is very strong,” he said.
Demanding repeal of the AFSPA, 42-year-old Sharmila has refused to eat or drink anything since November, 2000. On the charge of making an attempt to commit suicide, she had been arrested, released and then re-arrested from time to time.
The maximum punishment under Section 309 of the Indian Penal Code is a one-year jail term. Minister of State for Home Haribhai Parathibhai Chaudhary recently told the Rajya Sabha that with the backing of 22 states and Union territories, the government decided to delete Section 309 of the IPC.
Manipur ADG (Intelligence) Santosh Macherla said the only charge brought against Sharmila was under Section 309.
“There is only one charge against her for which she is kept under judicial custody. We follow the magistrate’s decision according to the law of the land,” he said.
Sharmila’s long-time associate Babloo Loitongbam said that the Section 309 turned Sharmila’s political fight into a criminal act.
“When the law is passed, her movement would become fully political,” Loitongbam, who runs “Just Peace Foundation”, said, adding that to keep Sharmila alive a magistrate can pass orders to feed her.
“Since the state has a responsibility to protect life they can feed her whenever she collapses,” said the human rights activist.
Manipur Women Gun Survivors Network founder Binalakshmi Nepram, however, said the main issue was removal of AFSPA and not Section 309.
“It is AFSPA which is the bigger question before us. Removal of Section 309 is not the concern for the people of Manipur,” she said.

Traffic resumes after Hong Kong clearsprotestersBy: Associated Press | Hong Kong |
Posted: December 12, 2014 10:28 am
Traffic was back to normal Friday in Hong Kong’s financial district after authorities demolished a protest camp at the heart of the city’s two-month pro-democracy movement.
Hundreds of police officers, some armed with chain saws and bolt cutters, on Thursday methodically dismantled barricades, tore down canopies and removed banners in a daylong operation to shut the protest site sprawled across a normally busy highway.
Police said 249 people were arrested for unlawful assembly and obstructing police officers, bringing the total number of those detained since the movement began 75 days earlier to about 900.
There were no violent clashes seen in previous confrontations. The student-led protesters had occupied streets in the Admiralty neighborhood and two other areas since September 28 to protest Beijing’s restrictions on the first election of the city’s top leader.
“It’s now convenient for everybody, but I also feel very unfortunate that we can’t argue with the government,” said Ngai Tsui-kuen, a courier.
The unprecedented campaign, which began as separate protests led by student and activist groups, got a jumpstart in September when police fired dozens of tear gas rounds on a group of demonstrators angered over the prolonged detention of key student leaders.
The resulting movement paralyzed traffic, polarized public opinion and, activists said, marked the start of an era of civil disobedience in Hong Kong, an orderly Asian financial hub where residents are increasingly worried about mainland China’s increasing sway.
It also adds to the challenges for Chinese President Xi Jinping, who has taken a tough stance against dissent in other regions at the country’s edges.
On Thursday, hundreds of demonstrators heeded police warnings to leave the protest zone to avoid being arrested, but dozens remained on the street. They chanted “I want true democracy” and “We will be back” but offered no resistance as they were taken away one by one, many lifted off the ground.
“I feel very sad because it seems that the whole occupy movement is over,” said Mo Lau, a student. “But I believe that we will see more actions as our demand has not been addressed. In the short term, I think there will be a lot of demonstrations or protests.”
Among those arrested were pro-democracy media mogul Jimmy Lai, pop singer Denise Ho, veteran pro-democracy activist Martin Lee and pro-democracy legislators including Albert Ho.
Leaders from the Hong Kong Federation of Students and Scholarism, two student groups that have played key roles in organizing the protests, were also taken to police stations.
The sprawling Admiralty encampment, next to city government headquarters, was the focal point of what became known as the “Umbrella Movement” because of the protesters’ use of umbrellas to fend off police pepper spray.
The protesters reject Beijing’s restrictions on the election of the city’s continued…

Trillion dollar IT trade deal on a knife-edg...GPS devices
(The accord would reduce…)
GENEVA: A trillion dollar deal at the World Trade Organisation to reduce tariffs in the vast information technology sector will stand or fall in the next 24 hours, trade diplomats said on Thursday.
But late on Thursday one trade official involved with the talks said a deal would be very unlikely because of a stand-off between South Korea and China, which was refusing all attempts to broker a compromise.
Countries representing 97 per cent of global IT commerce are trying to agree on expanding the WTO's Information Technology Agreement, which would be the first global agreement on tariff cuts in more than a decade.
The accord would reduce tariffs on such products as medical equipment, GPS devices , video games consoles and next-generation semiconductors, cutting more than 200 tariff lines to zero.
"We have in front of us the most far reaching market access package made in the WTO since 1996, worth more than 1 trillion euros of world trade," European Union Ambassador Angelos Pangratis, chair of the talks, said on Thursday.
"However, while the finalisation of the negotiations appears certainly within reach, there is still some distance, small compared with the long way we have already gone, which needs to be bridged," he told envoys in the WTO's General Council.
Some delegations needed to consult their ministries, but the deal needed to be done on Friday or not at all, Pangratis said.
"Later it will not be easier, rather the contrary. Now is the moment."
Countries negotiating the package have set themselves a goal of reaching an accord by a meeting of the WTO's General Council this week. Although the deadline is an artificial one, the vast majority of states are happy with the deal on the table, and further delay raises the risk that it might unravel.
The talks got a boost last month after a U.S.-Chinese compromise removed a long-standing block to progress - a Chinese demand for a large number of exemptions.
China was now sticking rigidly to the letter of that bilateral deal with the United States and refusing to adapt it in ways that would assuage the concerns of other WTO members, said the trade official involved in the talks, who requested anonymity.
China had refused compromise options put forward by the South Korean delegation and WTO Director General Roberto Azevedo and had not made any suggestions of its own, the same official said.
A senior official at South Korea's trade ministry said on Friday that there were a few products at issue with China, including LCD screens.
"(South Korea) is contacting the Chinese officials through various channels and are at present waiting for their response to our latest proposal," the official said without elaborating and declining to be identified.
"I don't know what (the countries) will do after today but they will probably have to set another schedule if a deal fails to be reached this time," he said.
Chinese officials in Geneva were not immediately available to comment.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Glenmark  Aurobindo Pharma to get astro support: GuptaLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Glenmark, Aurobindo Pharma to get astro support: Gupta
According to Satish Gupta of astrostocktips, Strides Arcolab, Divis Labs, Wockhardt, Glenmark Pharma and Aurobindo Pharma will get astro support.
Post your opinion here
 
By Satish Gupta of astrostocktips:
Today’s planetary position: Moon will be transiting in Leo. Jupiter in Cancer. Ketu in Pisces. Lord Rahu in Virgo, Lord Saturn, Mercury & Sun in Scorpio, Venus in Sagittarius, Mars in Capricorn. Pluto in Sagittarius. Neptune in Aquarius & Uranus in Pisces.
Rahu Kal Time: - 10:30 – 12:00
Following sectors will be getting astrological support:
Every year with commencement on new Samvat (Hindu New Year), astrologically, based on planetary position, certain new sectors start getting astrological support & outperform, while others remain laggard.
During last samavat 2070 among other sectors, pharma and IT sectors received strong astrological support & outperformed.
One should trade only in the stocks of that sectors which are getting very strong astrologically support, since the chances of losing money in such stocks are very less.
Sectors which get strong astro support are not normally affected by downfall in the market.
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
RELATED NEWS

Buy RComm 92.50 Put  sell 87.50 Put: Chandan Taparia08:00 am
Chandan Taparia of Anand Rathi Securities told CNBC-TV18, " Reliance Communications is in bear grip making lower top lower bottom formation. We have seen fresh call writing at Rs 95 and Rs 100 strike. Even after the market rally, the stock is simply going down from last five to six series. Recently it has broken the immediate support of Rs 94."
"Already it is beaten down, so it is better to go for the option strategy. Here we are suggesting bear put spread, buy 92.50 Put and sell 87.50 Put," he said.
RELATED NEWS

ICICI Bank may slip to Rs 340: Rajat Bose08:00 am
Rajat Bose of rajatkbose.com told CNBC-TV18, " Infosys has experienced delivery based selling and in today’s session there is a likelihood of bearish moving average crossover and that might take it down to its immediate support around Rs 1,830. If Rs 1,830 to about Rs 1,785 support area gets broken then Infosys might well hit Rs 1,700 as well. These are sharp fall and with heavy volume, so chances are that if at all it tries to move up again there will be some selling."
" ICICI Bank is also showing weakness but not as much weakness as Infosys. However, wait for today’s session. If it were to maintain above Rs 350 then do not take a short position or do not sell this because this is just going for a course correction, it may come down to Rs 340 but that would be a buying opportunity for this stock again," he said.
RELATED NEWS

Rupee Declines 12 Paise Against DollarRupee Declines 12 Paise Against Dollar
Warner fifty puts Australia in commandWarner fifty puts Australia in command
Pricol plans acquisition of Brazilian auto component manufacturing companyPricol plans acquisition of Brazilian auto component manufacturing company
F&O Tracker: Markets likely to shift to a lower rangeF&O Tracker: Markets likely to shift to a lower range
GLOBAL MARKETS-Asian shares lifted by U.S. data  oil slidesGLOBAL MARKETS-Asian shares lifted by U.S. data  oil slides
Accentia Technologies to hold AGMAccentia Technologies to hold AGM
Rupee Slips Past 62.50/Dollar to Over 10-Month LowRupee Slips Past 62.50/Dollar to Over 10-Month Low
BSE Oil and Gas index hits seven-month lowBSE Oil and Gas index hits seven-month low
Indian utilities face high Capex  fuel shortages in 2015: FitchIndian utilities face high Capex, fuel shortages in 2015: Fitch
Indian utilities face high Capex, fuel shortages in 2015: Fitch
The sector also faces fuel shortages, lower profitability for select issuers and possible up-tick in acquisitions in power generation segment.
http://www.indiainfoline.com/article/news-top-story/indian-utilities-face-high-capex-fuel-shortages-in-2015-fitch-114121200017_1.html
December 12, 2014 08:48 IST
http://content.indiainfoline.com/_media/iifl/img/article/2014-12/12/full/1418354620-6665.jpg
Fitch, Indian power utilities, NTPC Limited
Top Story
Please enter characters of the above image
 
Money matters for Newly Weds
India Infoline News Service / 11:47, Dec 12, 2014
Stepping into a new life comes with a multitude of responsibilities Therefore, it is important to include your spouse in your monetary affairs at the earliest in order to be on common grounds financially.
Friday, 02 January 2015 19:35 IST
Connect with IIFL :
Accountancy Advertising Budget Commerce Derivatives Economics Finance General Mgmt. HR Mgmt. IT Marketing Material Mgmt.
Stocks:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Mutual Funds:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Insurance:
Disclaimer Disclaimer - Research Disclaimer - Discussion Boards Disclaimer - Chat Disclaimer - Twitter Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
ATTENTION INVESTORS - "Prevent Unauthorized Transactions in your demat / trading account --> Update your Mobile Number/ email Id with your stock broker / Depository Participant. Receive information of your transactions directly from Exchanges on your mobile / email at the end of day and alerts on your registered mobile for all debits and other important transactions in your demat account directly from NSDL/ CDSL on the same day." - Issued in the interest of investors.
"KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary."
www.indiainfoline.com is part of the IIFL Group, a leading financial services player and a diversified NBFC. The site provides comprehensive and real time information on Indian corporates, sectors, financial markets and economy. On the site we feature industry and political leaders, entrepreneurs, and trend setters. The research, personal finance and market tutorial sections are widely followed by students, academia, corporates and investors among others.
Copyright © India Infoline Ltd. All rights Reserved.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. SEBI Regn. No. : INB231097537/ INF231097537/ INE231097537,
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.:INB011097533/ INF011097533/ INE011097533,
MCX Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INB261097530/ INF261097530/ INE261097537,
United Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INE271097532,
5

BMW to hike prices from JanHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
BMW to hike prices from Jan
Our Bureau
Tweet
Pune, Dec 12:  
Luxury car maker BMW Group India has announced a price increase of up to 5 per cent across the BMW and MINI product range effective January 1, 2015.
“We want to maintain sustainable leadership in the Indian market with a strong brand and an exceptional model range with unbeatable product substance. With the price increase, BMW Group will maintain its premium positioning in the Indian luxury car segment,” Philipp von Sahr, President, BMW Group India, said in a statement.
Currently, BMW India has 37 sales outlets in the Indian market across Delhi, Noida, Gurgaon, Faridabad, Mumbai, Bangalore, Mangalore, Indore, Chandigarh, Ludhiana, Hyderabad, Chennai, Coimbatore, Pune, Goa, Kolkata, Bhubaneswar, Ahmedabad, Surat, Kochi, Kozhikode, Jaipur, Udaipur, Raipur, Nagpur, Lucknow and Kanpur.
By end of 2015, the company will expand its dealer network to 50 across major metropolitan centres and emerging markets in India.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

Gold futures down at Rs 27 341 per 10 gmGold futures down at Rs 27,341 per 10 gm
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 12:  
Tracking a weak global trend, gold prices eased 0.18 per cent to Rs 27,341 per 10 grams at the futures market today as speculators offloaded their positions.
At the Multi Commodity Exchange, gold for delivery in far-month April fell Rs 50 or 0.18 per cent to Rs 27,341 per 10 grams in a business turnover of one lot.
Similarly, the yellow metal for delivery in February lost Rs 38 or 0.14 per cent to Rs 27,220 per 10 grams in 108 lots.
Market analysts said the fall in gold futures was mostly due to a weak trend in the global market as gains in the US economy boosted speculation that the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates soon, eroding the appeal of the precious metal.
Meanwhile, gold in Singapore dropped 0.48 per cent to $1,221.50 an ounce.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

With WebRTC  the Skype s no longer the limitWith WebRTC, the Skype's no longer the limit
Reuters
Tweet
SINGAPORE, Dec 12:  
WebRTC, a free browser-based technology, looks set to change the way we communicate and collaborate, up-ending telecoms firms, online chat services such as Skype and WhatsApp and remote conferencing on WebEx.
Web Real-Time Communication is a proposed Internet standard that would make audio and video as seamless as browsing text and images is now. Installed as part of the browser, video chatting is just a click away — with no need to download an app or register for a service.
WebRTC allows anyone to embed real-time voice, data and video communications into browsers, programmes - more or less anything with a chip inside. Already, you can use a WebRTC-compatible browser such as Mozilla's Firefox to start a video call just by sending someone a link.
Further ahead, WebRTC could add video and audio into all kinds of products and services, from GoPro cameras and educational software to ATMs and augmented reality glasses. Imagine, for example, wanting to buy flowers online and being able, at a click, to have the florist demonstrate arrangements to you live via a video link.
WebRTC will be a market worth $4.7 billion by 2018, predicts Smiths Point Analytics, a consultancy. Dean Bubley, a UK-based consultant, reckons over 2 billion people will be using WebRTC by 2019, some 60 per cent of the likely Internet population.
Most of these will be mobile. Some versions of Amazon's Kindle multimedia tablet, for example, have a 'Mayday' button which launches a WebRTC-based video call with a customer service representative.
By the end of the decade, consultants Analysys Mason reckon there will be 7 billion devices supporting WebRTC, nearly 5 billion of them smartphones or tablets. Automatic voice and video encryption means web conversations should be safe from eavesdropping or external recording.
FROM DREAM TO REALITY
"The promise is fantastic," said Alexandre Gouaillard, chief technology officer at Singapore start-up Temasys. "There's always a problem with timing, between dream and reality."
Initially championed by Google, WebRTC was adopted by Mozilla and Norway's Opera Software - between them accounting for more than half of the world's browsers. In October, Microsoft committed to including a version of WebRTC on its Internet Explorer browser, leaving only Apple as the main holdout. An Apple spokesperson declined to discuss the company's plans for WebRTC in detail.
Last month, technical experts agreed a compromise on a key sticking point: which of two encoding standards to use to convert video. All sides agreed to support both for now.
Some prominent names are staking out the WebRTC arena.
Skype co-founder Janus Friis this month launched Wire, a chat and voice messaging app that uses WebRTC, and Ray Ozzie, who created Lotus Notes and was chief software architect at Microsoft, is challenging messaging and conferencing services with Talko, an app using WebRTC. Mozilla has teamed up with US-based TokBox to launch Hello, a plug-in-free, account-free web conferencing service within its Firefox browser.
Dozens of mobile apps already leverage WebRTC, including Movirtu's WiFi-based CloudPhone, allowing voice calls over WiFi. Movirtu CEO Carsten Brinkschulte says WebRTC "gives us a lot of things that are free that are normally very hard to do."
"A MAGNIFIER"
This makes some incumbents nervous. One is the $2-billion web and video conferencing industry. And telecoms firms are still reeling from free voice and messaging services such as WhatsApp and Skype. Even those companies look vulnerable as WebRTC reduces the cost of setting up a competing service.
"WebRTC is a magnifier," says Bubley, the consultant. "It makes the opportunities bigger and the threats worse, and everything faster."
Some, though, are putting up a fight.
Microsoft is rolling out a Web-based version of Skype that will, eventually, require no extra software and will be compatible with all WebRTC browsers. And Cisco, whose WebEx is king of web-based video conferencing, has been active in developing standards. But, says Bubley, "it's in no desperate rush to accelerate."
Among telecoms companies, Telefonica bought TokBox "to learn about the space, and they've largely left us to pursue that," said TokBox CEO Scott Lomond. SK Telecom and NTT Docomo are also experimenting with the technology.
But those championing WebRTC say the technology isn't so much about challenging what's available today, but more about creating opportunities for new products and services tomorrow.
Cary Bran, vice president at Plantronics, a headset maker, sees a time when online gamers won't just be able to see and talk to each other, but feed heart-rate and other sensor data into the game, "making it more difficult or easy based on the user's level of engagement."
More prosaically, TokBox is working with banks in the United States and Europe to provide branch visitors with video links to specialists, cutting down on staffing costs.
Such options, says TokBox's Lomond, only scratch the surface of what's possible. "I don't think the broader market has fully appreciated how potentially disruptive this is," he says.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

Spot gold eases to $1 226.20Spot gold eases to $1,226.20
Reuters
Tweet
December 12, 2014:  
Gold slipped on Friday as the dollar got some relief from robust US economic data, but the metal was on track for its largest weekly climb since June on gains earlier in the week from safe-haven demand.
Spot gold had eased 0.1 per cent to $1,226.20 an ounce by 0035 GMT, after ending relatively flat over the past two sessions. It is up 2.9 per cent for the week — its best since the week ended June 20.
The dollar was firmer against most of its major peers early on Friday thanks in part to upbeat US retail sales data, which provided fresh evidence of underlying momentum in the economy.
Strength in the economy and the greenback dulls the appeal of gold, often seen as a hedge. Higher equities also hurt bullion.
Movements in the energy markets were eyed by bullion investors for cues as weaker oil prices would decrease the demand for gold, an inflation hedge.
US crude dropped more than $1 to a fresh 5-1/2 year low below $59 a barrel in early Asian trade on Friday, extending its losses on persistent concerns over a supply glut and a bearish demand outlook.
Earlier in the week, gold had gained as global equities and the dollar tumbled on profit-taking, global growth concerns and political uncertainty in Greece. The metal climbed to a seven-week high of $1,238.20.
An improvement in sentiment was seen in the holdings of the world’s top gold-backed exchange-traded fund, SPDR Gold Trust. The fund’s holdings rose 0.13 per cent to 725.75 tonnes on Thursday — a third straight day of inflows.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

Nifty hovers around 8 300; Bharti Airtel up 2%Nifty hovers around 8,300; Bharti Airtel up 2%
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 12, 2014 10:30 AM IST
Markets remained rangebound amid profit taking at higher levels as trades remained cautious ahead of the November CPI and October IIP data due for release later today.
At 10:30AM, the 30-share Sensex was up 64 points at 27,666 and the 50-share Nifty was up 22 points at  8,315.
Estimates of Index of Industrial Production (IIP) and the consumer price index (CPI), which are to be released later today, are likely to bring cheer, with analysts expecting IIP to grow at a faster pace and inflation to moderate further.
According to ZyFin Research, industrial activity will expand in October, with the monsoon recording a smaller-than-expected deficit, strong August data for the eight core sector industries and the recovery in the US economy.
On the economic front, progress on the Centre's proposed goods and services tax (GST) slowed further on Thursday as the states turned down the government's revised draft on a Constitution amendment Bill in this regard.
Foreign institutional investors were net sellers in Indian equities worth Rs 808 crore and also sold derivatives worth Rs 1,335 crore on Thursday, stock exchange data showed.
Stocks in Japan edged higher led by exporters after the yen weakened against the US dollar while rebound in US markets also improved investor sentiment. The benchmark Nikkei was up more than 1%. Chinese stocks pared early gains and are trading flat while the Hang Seng was trading 0.1% higher and Straits Times gained 0.4%.
The BSE Healthcare index was the top sectoral gainer up 0.7% followed by IT, FMCG and Bankex among others.
In the pharma segment, Sun Pharma and Cipla were up 0.2-0.7% each.
TCS trimmed gains and was up 0.6% on reports that the information-technology services player is undergoing a restructuring exercise. The workforce optimisation programme, in the planning stage, is expected to be over in February 2015, according to media reports.
Infosys bounced back on short covering after the correction on Thursday and was up nearly 1% while Wipro was up 0.8%.
Bharti Airtel was up 2.2%. Recently, the Telecom Disputes Settlement and Appellate Tribunal (TDSAT) has set aside a penalty of Rs 650 crore imposed on the company by Department of Telecommunication (DOT) in a roaming case.
Oil shares were trading mixed with Reliance Industries up 0.2% and state-owned exploration major ONGC down 1.2%
SBI, Axis Bank were among the other Sensex gainers.
ITC was the top Sensex loser down 0.7% along with M&M, Gail and ICICI Bank among others.
NMDC was up 1% on media reports that the company has signed a memorandum of understanding with Akron to buy a stake in a potash mine in Russia.
Tata Chemicals was up 0.8% on reports that the company is planning to invest around Rs 150 crore into setting up a nutraceuticals manufacturing facility in Sriperumbudur, near Chennai in next three years.
Among other shares, IL&FS Engineering has surged 11% to Rs 64.45 on BSE in early morning deal after the company said Maytas Infra Saudi Arabia (MISA), a subsidiary of construction firm has received Rs 464-crore contract from Saudi Binladin Group for construction of Abraj Kudai project in Makkah in Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (KSA).
In the broader market, the BSE Mid-cap and Small-cap indices were up 0.6-0.7% each.
Market breadth was positive with 1,009 gainers and 351 losers on the BSE.

BMW to hike prices by up to 5% from Jan 1BMW to hike prices by 5% from Jan 1
Swaraj S Baggonkar | Swaraj S Baggonkar Dec 12, 2014 10:47 AM IST
BMW Group India has announced a price increase of up to 5% across its BMW and MINI product range effective from 1 January 2015. While not elaborating on the reasons behind the hike despite a global softening of raw material prices, BMW is the first of three luxury car makers that have decided to increase prices.  
 
Philipp von Sahr, President, BMW Group India said, “The success of BMW Group India has always been built on long-term thinking and responsible action. We want to maintain sustainable leadership in the Indian market with a strong brand and an exceptional model range with unbeatable product substance."
The German company, which is struggling against the onslaught of Mercedes-Benz and Audi both of which are flush with a bevy of products, had announced a similar increase in the same period last year. 
"With the price increase, the BMW Group will maintain its premium positioning in the Indian luxury car segment,” von Sahr added. 
All the three companies are offering direct discounts or their dealers are doing so on their range to shore up volumes. BMW is trailing in the third position in the luxury car market after Mercedes-Benz and Audi. 
Audi announced yesterday that it will launch 10 new models in the coming year to maintain its leadership position in India. 

Pricol to foray into BrazilPricol to foray into Brazil
BS Reporter | Chennai Dec 12, 2014 08:40 PM IST
Pricol is set to acquire Brazil based auto component manufacturing firm through its wholly-owned subsidiary incorporated in Spain. The Coimbatore-based auto components major said the acquisition would enable it to make a foray into Brazil.
Pricol's Board of Directors gave nod for the proposed acquisition. As per the agreement Pricol would acquire 99.99 per cent stake in the company, whose name was not disclosed.
The aforesaid Company in Brazil achieved sales revenue of Rs 301.1 crore during the calendar year 2013 and this acquisition will enable Pricol to make a foray into the Brazilian Auto Component Industry.
The aforesaid acquisition is expected to be completed by the end of January 2015.

more on Healthcare Early detection will go a long way in mitigating the effects of breast cancer
About GE StepAhead
GE StepAhead is a platform that takes a look at issues that affect us and our future generations. From healthcare to energy, power to aviation and water management to oil and gas. In ways small and big, all these sectors impact our lives. And not to forget, each one of these sectors contributes not just to economic growth, but is also a measure of social progress. So itâ€™s crucial to look at key challenges and opportunities in these sectors and build on them.

Cancer facts that will shock youArticle |  September 04, 2014, 6.27 PM IST
Cancer facts that will shock you
Cancer is not only a deadly disease but also an expensive one. The facts associated with this disease are equally shocking.
 
Sample this: In India, 2 people are diagnosed with cancer every 60 seconds and 3 people die every 2 minutes. Besides pushing individuals under the poverty line, this disease also puts immense strain on the nation's GDP. If we are to fight cancer, we need to improve accessibility to early detection and also bring down treatment costs.
 
GE Healthcare is at the forefront of creating cancer care solutions that are both affordable and accessible.
Video of the Week
How Discovery IQ can improve outcomes for cancer patients
Terri Bresenham, President & CEO, GE Healthcare,

Fighting cancer with advanced imaging technologyArticle |  September 04, 2014, 6.23 PM IST
Fighting cancer with advanced imaging technology
Every year, thousands of cancer patients flock from all over the country and neighboring countries to the Tata Memorial Hospital in Mumbai, India's premier cancer treatment institution. They travel miles away from home for reasons such as the absence of treatment facilities closer to where they live, and the quality of care that the hospital provides. The Indian government-funded Tata Memorial is one of the few institutions in India that provides a gamut of quality cancer care end to end and also focuses on prevention, education and research in cancer.
 
Imaging technologies – A boon
 
Medical imaging innovation has helped transform modern healthcare. Imaging exams reduce invasive surgeries, unnecessary hospital admissions, lengthy hospital stays and are linked to greater life expectancy. Every day, worldwide, medical imaging leads to earlier diagnoses and better and more targeted treatment. The value of molecular imaging systems like Positron Emission Tomography (PET) imaging is huge in the early detection, staging and monitoring of cancer. More importantly, molecular imaging technology allows doctors to find if treatment is working or not and make informed decisions to treat cancer patients more effectively. However heavy investments required for the imaging system and medical cyclotron needed for FDG (fluorodeoxyglucose, a bio-marker) for the imaging process prevented the growth of this medical innovation in India.
 
The dawn of the PET era in India dates to September 30, 2002 with the inauguration of the India’s first PET scanner – GE  PETtrace and medical cyclotron at the Radiation Medicine Center at Tata Memorial Hospital.  The healthcare community in India was eagerly waiting to use this new technology for the benefits of cancer patients around the country and in a short time it removed all apprehensions of cancer centres about the economic viability of investing in high cost equipment. Tata Memorial Hospital was again the first one to receive India’s first PET/CT - GE Discovery scanner on December 13, 2004 and it triggered investment in this modern and mature imaging technology.
 
GE Healthcare – A game changer
 
One of the biggest problems in setting up molecular imaging centres was heavy investment. While a part of the investment goes into acquiring the imaging scanner – PET/CT,  a larger part was needed to set up FDG production on site in order to cater to the patients. Importing of FDG biomarkers meant considerable delays and also led to increase in costs to the patient as well as the institution.
 
To help overcome this huge barrier that stood in the way of quality healthcare, GE created a business model that aimed at helping healthcare providers set up diagnostic centres or hospitals with lesser investment. GE Healthcare worked with like-minded professionals to set up medical cyclotrons locally and also with private aviation companies to ensure that FDG could be transported across the country within a couple of hours of production.  Today, this "just-in-time" delivery of FDG using 100% domestic production works like a well-oiled machine.  Today, India has about 112 PET/CT molecular imaging systems functional or under installation in India improving access to cancer detection and care but as a country we are still far behind the required number of 1300 units to address the current level of cancer burden. While business innovation has lead to improved reach of these technologies,  GE Healthcare is working towards a new age PET/CT system in India that can further affordable access to this life saving technology.
 
Technology is the key
 
Cancer is one of the leading causes of death in India with 3 people dying every 2 minutes. There are about 2.5 million cancer patients in the country with 1 million getting added every year. There is a chance of incidences of this disease rising five-fold by 2025, prompting the Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) to urge the Government of India to make cancer a notifiable disease.  Cancer also puts immense starin on the nation's GDP. According to estimates, Rs 72000 crores have been shaved off the economy due to healthy life years lost.
 
There is a high probability of treating cancer if detected early – in Stage I or Stage II. However, over 70% of cancer is detected late at a very late stage in India, when treatment is less effective and costly. While low awareness is one significant reason, the other is lack of early cancer detection facilities.
 
 Availability of imaging technologies such as PET/CT scanner can go a long way in early detection and management of cancer to help people lead a healthier life.
Video of the Week
How Discovery IQ can improve outcomes for cancer patients
Terri Bresenham, President & CEO, GE Healthcare,

Now  watch Youtube videos offlineTata Motors sales up 10 pct in December
Video sharing website Youtube today launched an offline viewing service to help users download videos they can watch later, to overcome handicaps posed by low bandwidth and high costs of data plans.
Under the service, which went live in India, Indonesia and the Philippines today, a user can click on the special icon on the site when she is either in a wi-fi zone or a place with good data connectivity, and download a video which can be watched later.
The downloaded videos can be watched as many times within 48 hours and the advertiser’s interests have been protected through an innovation wherein the advertisement appears before a playback of the video, like it would for online usage.
The US-based internet advertising giant said a large number of videos are already available and the company is speaking to more content partners to opt for this service.
Once the device connects back to the internet, analytics around the number of times the video was watched will be transfered to the Youtube servers.
It can be noted that already, there are a slew of applications available online which let users download videos to be watched offline, but Google India’s managing director Rajan Anandan stressed that this is illegal and amounts to piracy of content.
About the need for such a service, he said the mobiles growth has resulted in a situation where we have a large user base, which is estimated to touch 300 million by year-end, but India is “starved” for bandwidth while the data plans are also costly, making it tough to watch videos seamlessly.
“There will not be any difficulties around buffering if you use this service,” he added.
At present, Youtube has 60 million users in the country, while on the content front, there are 10,000 Indian films, 20,000 TV shows and 2.5 lakh songs which are available online, the company said.
Anandan said that 58 million of the approximately 300 million internet users are on the low-speed 2G networks and added that a bulk of the new additions are on the mobile, which do not offer the same speed as broadband.
Already, 40 per cent of the traffic on Youtube comes from a mobile device, and hence, there is a need for some alternate solutions, Youtube’s vice president for engineering John Harding said.
On revenue from partnerships, Google India is placed fifth globally and aspires to be among the top three soon, its regional director for partnerships, Ajay Vidyasagar said.
When asked if the telcos should fear a cut in business due to services like these, Anandan said the service will be “additive”, as it will grow the number of video watchers and the revenues of such companies will not be impacted.
On the impending launch of a faster 4G service, and its impact on the service, Anandan exuded confidence that the country will always be “capacity constrained” and there will be a need for such a service.
Post Comments
More from industry

Power ties: Russia to build 10 more N-plants for IndiaRussian President Putin says talks with Modi ‘substantive and constructive’; several deals inked at summit
New Delhi, December 11:  
Pointing out that Russia has been a pillar of strength for India’s development, security and international relations, Prime Minister Narendra Modi said, “Today, we have outlined an ambitious vision for nuclear energy of at least 10 more reactors. It will also include manufacture of equipment and components in India. This also supports our Make in India policy.”
Atomic energy
According to the document on “The strategic vision for strengthening cooperation in peaceful uses of atomic energy between India and Russia,” conscious of India’s ambitious economic growth strategy, which would require a significant enhancement of power generating capacity, “the two sides have decided to fast-track the implementation of agreed cooperation projects for Nuclear Power Plants. India and Russia will strive to complete the construction and commissioning of not less than 10 units in the next two decades, in accordance with the Agreement of 2008. Towards this objective, the Indian side agrees to expeditiously identify a second site in addition to Kudankulam, for the construction of the Russian-designed nuclear power units in India.”
Modi said Russia will remain India’s most important defence partner even though options have increased today. “The importance of this relationship and its unique place in India’s foreign policy will not change. In many ways, its significance to both countries will grow further,” Modi said after the annual summit-level talks with Russian President Vladimir Putin on Thursday.
Modi said he was pleased that Russia has offered to fully manufacture one of its most advanced helicopters in India.
“It includes the possibility of exports from India. It can be used for both military and civil use. We will follow up on this quickly,” he said. The Russian President “responded positively” to Modi’s proposal that Russia locate in India manufacturing facilities for spares and components of Russian defence equipment. India imports around 70 per cent of its defence requirements from Russia, but has been looking at other countries, including the US. Addressing the media, Putin said the talks with Modi had been “substantive and constructive” adding that he was mostly “content” with the outcome of the visit.
To give further impetus to the bilateral relationship, several commercial contracts were also signed at the summit, including a memorandum of understanding between Tata Power and the Russian Direct Investment Fund for exploring investment opportunities in the energy sector across Russia.
Essar entered into a $10-billion deal with Russian oil major Rosneft to import crude oil over a 10-year period. Infrastructure Development Finance Corporation and Russian Direct Investment Fund signed entered into an MoU to set up on co-investment opportunities of up to a pool in a $1-billion fund which can be used for making investments in both the two countries Russia and India.
Bilateral trade
A joint statement issued at the conclusion of the summit said the leaders set a bilateral trade target of $30 billion by 2025, when the level of mutual investments was expected to exceed $15 billion each way. The current level of bilateral trade stands at $10 billion and the level of mutual investments at about $6 billion.
(This article was published on December 11, 2014)
Related

Forcible conversion of Muslims rocks HouseEYE BROWSE
Forcible conversion of Muslims rocks House; Oppn wants debate
About 300 Muslim slum-dwellers changed their faith at a ceremony in the city of Agra this week. The Bajrang Dal said it had organised the event.
Yahoo India –  Thu 11 Dec, 2014
Print
NEW DELHI: The Opposition has continued its attack on the Modi-led government in the Lok Sabha over the alleged forcible conversion of about 300 Muslims in Agra with almost all Opposition parties demanding the suspension of the question hour and a discussion on the issue.
Responding to the backlash, Parliamentary Affairs Minister Venkaiah Naidu Thursday said the government was ready for a detailed discussion on the issue.
"Let Parliament discuss the issue threadbare and then come to a conclusion, and then let all states and Centre together tackle this challenging task of conversions and re-conversions," Naidu told reporters outside Parliament here.
He also said a legislation to ban conversion could be considered if all parties extend support.
"If all the parties support, let there be a legislation also to ban conversion, because this has been the wish of Mahatma Gandhi," he said.
As soon as the house met for the day, members of the Congress, Trinamool Congress, Rashtriya Janata Dal (RJD) and CPI-M trooped near the speaker's podium, and also raised slogans like "Modi sarkaar hosh mein aao" (Wake up, Modi government) and "Hindu-Muslim bhai-bhai".
Congress leader Mallikarjun Kharge asked Speaker Sumitra Mahajan to allow a discussion on the issue.
"You have full powers to suspend the question hour. The government has already agreed to a discussion, kindly allow us," he said.
Samajwadi Party leader Mulayam Singh Yadav said that the matter should be taken "seriously".
"Otherwise, there might be riots," he said.
About 300 Muslim slum-dwellers changed their faith at a ceremony in the city of Agra this week. The Bajrang Dal said it had organised the event.
Later some of them claimed that they were tricked into attending a fire ceremony by Bajrang Dal leaders, and that they were promised a better life if they gave up Islam and became Hindus.
But police registered a case on Tuesday after several of those who converted said they had been misled.
They were offered government identity cards showing them to be below the poverty line and thus entitled to cheap supplies of the staples wheat and rice. (Agencies)
Recommend

Putin in India: Key Deals on Oil  Gas and Atomic Energy Signed Between India and RussiaPutin in India: Key Deals on Oil  Gas and Atomic Energy Signed Between India and Russia
Make for India  don t ape China model; GST key: RBI s RajanMake for India  don t ape China model; GST key: RBI s Rajan
Frontier Leasin consolidated Sep  14 sales at Rs 0.70 croreFrontier Leasin consolidated Sep  14 sales at Rs 0.70 crore
Insurance Newsletter - December 08 to 12  2014Insurance Newsletter - December 08 to 12  2014
Aluminium futures up 0.25 per cent on firming overseas trendAluminium futures up 0.25 per cent on firming overseas trend
Markets Weak; Nifty Below 8300Markets Weak; Nifty Below 8300
US stocks witness modest rallyUS stocks witness modest rally
CIA torture report: Bobby Jindal defends George BushCIA torture report: Bobby Jindal defends George Bush
Sensex Turns Negative  Nifty Falls Below 8 300Sensex Turns Negative  Nifty Falls Below 8 300
Canadian Dollar Extends Weakness As Oil Trades At Sub$60...Canadian Dollar Extends Weakness As Oil Trades At Sub$60...
Nikkei gains on signs of US resilience  but set for weekly lossNikkei gains on signs of US resilience, but set for weekly loss
Reuters
Tweet
Tokyo, Dec 12:  
Japanese stocks rose on Friday as Wall Street advanced on strong retail sales, raising hopes for resilience in the US economy that could help offset slowing growth in other major economies.
The Nikkei benchmark rose 1.1 per cent by 0138 GMT to 17,449.70, on course to snap a three-day losing streak. However, it looked set to post a loss of around 2.6 per cent for the week.
Canon Inc was a star performer, surging 4.1 per cent to touch its highest since May 2013, after an upward revision to its year-end dividend forecast.
The upbeat retail sales, added to lower unemployment claims and signs of wage growth to come, suggested that the US economy is well-positioned to weather an expected interest rate increase next year.
“Increasing consumption in the US is a big boost for Japanese exporters,’’ said Masayuki Otani, chief market analyst at Securities Japan, Inc.
Along with the US data, exporters’ shares were supported by a weakening yen. The Japanese currency traded around 119.20 against the dollar, moving away from a two-week high of 117.43 hit on Thursday. ‘
Toyota Motor Co ticked up 0.5 per cent, while Mazda Motor Co and Panasonic Corp jumped 1.9 and 0.4 per cent, respectively. Utility stocks gained as US crude prices slipped below $60 a barrel in early Asian trade.
The Tokyo Stock Exchange grouping of electric power stocks gained 1.5 per cent, with Kansai Electric Power Co soaring 3.8 per cent and Tokyo Electric Power Co advancing 2.5 percent.
The speed at which oil prices has plunged has raised deflation concerns across the world. But market participants shrugged off the worries, citing an upside from cheaper energy costs in the form of increased domestic and international consumption.
“It’s a plus in the long-term for the Japanese economy,’’ said Testsuro Ii, president of Commons Asset Management Inc.
The broader Topix added 0.7 per cent to 1,406.34, while the JPX-Nikkei Index 400 also added 0.7 per cent to 12,759.84.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

China factory output growth slows to 7.2% in NovChina factory output growth slows to 7.2% in Nov
Reuters
Tweet
Beijing, Dec 12:  
China’s industrial output rose by a less-than-expected 7.2 per cent in November from a year earlier, though retail sales expanded 11.7 per cent, beating forecasts, the National Bureau of Statistics said on Friday.
Fixed-asset investment, an important driver of economic activity, grew 15.8 per cent in the first 11 months of the year from the same period last year, in line with forecasts but easing slightly.
Economists polled by Reuters had forecast industrial output to rise 7.5 per cent and retail sales to rise 11.5 per cent. Fixed-asset investment for the January-November period was seen up 15.8 per cent.
Output grew 7.7 per cent in October and retail sales rose 11.5 per cent, with January-October fixed-asset investment up 15.9 per cent from the same period a year earlier.
China’s economic growth slowed to 7.3 percent in the third quarter, the weakest pace since the global financial crisis, despite a series of stimulus measures.
The central bank surprised markets by cutting the interest rates on November 21 and analysts see further easing in coming months as Beijing tries to avert the risk of a sharper slowdown.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

Following Irda directive  corporates could see up to 300% rise in fire insurance ratesFollowing Irda directive, corporates could see up to 300% rise in fire insurance rates
M Saraswathy | Mumbai Dec 12, 2014 11:07 AM IST
The insurance regulator’s directive to insurers to better price fire, property and group health risk may prove to be costly for customers. Given that they currently offer discounts of up to 90% in fire portfolio, estimates by Prudent Insurance Brokers show that corporates will likely see an average increase of 200-300% in their rates. 
In its guidelines on pricing of risk, the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has said that industry-wise loss cost must be the starting point and should be considered for pricing a product. Burning costs must also be looked into, the regulator said.
Burning cost is the estimated cost of claims in the forthcoming insurance period, calculated from previous years’ experience adjusted for changes in the numbers insured, the nature of cover and rate of medical inflation. This is a ratio used by insurers to protect themselves from larger claims that exceed premiums paid.
The move will be enforced starting February 1, 2015, having been postponed by a month. 
Pavan Dhingra, CEO, Prudent Insurance Brokers said that after applying these discount rates, at times there is huge difference between the prevailing policy premiums and the burning cost is evident. “Insurance premiums will go up massively for all customers in 2015 when burning cost is the start point,” he said, based on the analysis done by his company to gauge the increase in premium costs that customers will face, taking into account the current discounted rates and the fact that burning cost will be the starting point for determining tariffs. 
The result is startling; most corporate customers will see a 3-4 times increase from current fire policy rates, on average. The lowest increase is about 99% while the highest is over 1400%.
Irda has said that insurance companies can consider burning cost of a particular risk on its own past acceptances for all available products. 
It further said that since burning cost for property risks are published by Insurance Information Bureau of India (IIB) and are for perils other than natural catastrophe, insurers need to consider adequate pricing for the said risks, if offered.
The insurer’s own experience on procurement and management costs also needs to be considered to a large extent of current levels, said Irda. The regulator said that due to aggressive competition in the market, risks are not being adequately priced.
In a bid to retain corporate accounts, certain non-life sector insurers are indulging in the practice of offering high discounts. Industry players said that there is not just transfer of accounts from private to public, but also from one private non-life insurer to the other. Industry experts believe that it is not sensible to offer discounts to large profitable firms, since they are capable of purchasing insurance without a discount.

Nickel up by 0.8% on firm demandNickel up by 0.8% on firm demand
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 12, 2014 11:31 AM IST
Nickel prices shot up by 0.82% to Rs 1,022.80 per kg in the futures market today as speculators enlarged their positions, tracking a firming trend in spot market on increased demand from alloy-makers.
Besides, an encouraging trend in copper and other base metals in the global markets supported the upside.
At the Multi Commodity Exchange, nickel for delivery in current month gained Rs 8.30, or 0.82%, to Rs 1,022.80 per kg in business turnover of 681 lots.
The metal for delivery in January next year rose by Rs 7.70, or 0.75%, to trade at Rs 1,028.40 per kg in 27 lots.
Market analysts said apart from increased domestic demand from alloy-makers, firmness in the base metals pack at the London Metal Exchange (LME) as the US House passed a $1.1 trillion spending bill just hours before government funding runs out in the second-biggest consumer of the metal, influenced nickel prices at futures trade.

Cardamom down by 0.5% on low demandCardamom down by 0.5% on low demand
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 12, 2014 11:30 AM IST
Continued its losing streak for the fourth straight day, cardamom prices fell by another 0.50% to Rs 881.30 per kg in futures trading today as speculators trimmed positions, tracking a weak trend at spot market on easing demand.
Adequate stocks position in the physical market on higher supplies from producing belt further fuelled the downtrend.
At the Multi Commodity Exchange, cardamom for delivery in far-month February moved down by Rs 4.30, or 0.50% to Rs 881.30 per kg in business turnover of 8 lots.
In a similar fashion, the spice for delivery in January contract weakened by Rs 2.50, or 0.29% to Rs 864.50 per kg in 240 lots.
Analysts said besides easing demand in the spot market, adequate stocks position on increased supplies from producing belts kept pressure on cardamom prices at futures trade.

Zinc gains by 0.1% on overseas cuesZinc gains by 0.1% on overseas cues
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 12, 2014 11:30 AM IST
Zinc futures edged up by 0.11% to Rs 137.15 per kg amid a firm global trend and better domestic demand as speculators enlarged positions.
At the Multi Commodity Exchange, zinc for delivery in January next year month edged up by 15 paise, or 0.11%, to Rs 137.15 per kg, with a business turnover of two lots.
The metal for delivery in current month also rose by 10 paise, or 0.07%, to Rs 136.45 per kg with a business turnover of 128 lots.
Marketmen said improved demand in the spot market amid a firming trend in base metals overseas supported the upside in zinc prices at futures trade.

Dell launches rugged notebooks in India at Rs 2.29 lakh onwardsDec 11, 2014 at 11:24am IST
Dell launches rugged notebooks in India at Rs 2.29 lakh onwards
24
0
New Delhi: Computer firm Dell India launched rugged notebooks, made to withstand heavy rains, moisture and over 60 kg weight on to them, with prices starting at Rs 2.29 lakh.
Dell is mainly looking at big organisations in oil and mines, Defence and the infrastructure segment as its potential customers for these products.
"Dell Latitude 12 and 14 Rugged Extreme are our first rugged notebook in India. They are meant for people working in harsh weather conditions. The price of Dell Latitude 12 starts at Rs 2.39 lakh and Dell Latitude 14 starts at Rs 2.29 lakh," Dell India's Director and General Manager Indrajit Belgundi said at the launch.
Dell Latitude 12 and 14 Rugged Extreme are the company's first rugged notebooks in India. They are meant for people working in harsh weather conditions.
#dell latitude 12 #dell latitude 14 #notebooks #laptops
The prices will vary depending on the configuration of notebooks.
"These notebooks are available with Intel processors i3 to i7. They contain solid state drives of various capacity starting 128 GB," Dell India's Product Manager for Commercial Notebooks and Tablets Suresh Muppavarapu said.
The rugged notebooks can operate in temperatures ranging from minus 29 degree Celsius to 63 degree Celsius, withstand drop of about 6 feet, tolerate blowing dust and rains, Dell officials said.
Latitude 12 has 12-inch display screen which can also be taken out of the notebook for use as tablet. It weighs 2.72 kg, while the weight of Latitude 14 is 3.54 kg.
"The battery back-up for these notebooks will support 8 to 9 hours of working," Belgundi said.
26

Moving towards full financial inclusionMoving towards full financial inclusion
Steep 15% hike in TN power tariff; subsidy to offset burdenDec 12, 2014, 09.02 AM IST  | Source: PTI
Steep 15% hike in TN power tariff; subsidy to offset burden
TNERC said it has decided on the hike after considering all suggestions from stakeholders of various categories of consumers in public hearings held state-wide in October
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Steep 15% hike in TN power tariff; subsidy to offset burden
TNERC said it has decided on the hike after considering all suggestions from stakeholders of various categories of consumers in public hearings held state-wide in October
Post your opinion here
 
Tamil Nadu today Thursday announced a steep 15 per cent hike in power tariff but consumers will not have to bear the entire burden as the government has decided to provide subsidy to offset the increase.
"The revised power tariff which will come into effect from tomorrow will be 15 per cent across all segments of consumers," a press release from Tamil Nadu Energy Regulatory Commission said.
Later, Chief Minister O Panneerselvam announced providing subsidy to TANGEDCO to offset the tariff revision to avoid passing on the entire burden to the consumers. Covering domestic consumers, huts, powerlooms and handlooms besides farmers, the subsidy purse will stand at Rs 6,295.32 crore annually, he said in a statement.
TNERC said it has decided on the hike after considering all suggestions from stakeholders of various categories of consumers in public hearings held state-wide in October.
Accordingly, residential units paying Rs 2.60 for a unit for usage of up to 0-100 will now have to pay Rs 3 a unit. For consumption of 51 to 100 units per month or 101 to 200 units for two months, the rate has been revised to Rs 3.25 a unit from the existing Rs 2.80, it said.
Those consuming 0-200 units will now have to pay Rs 3.50 a unit, up from the existing Rs 3, while users in the 201-500 unit band will have to pay Rs 4.50 against Rs 4 per unit. For users of 501 units and above, the price has been revised to Rs 6.60 a unit from Rs 5.75 a unit, the release said. For huts, TNERC has revised the price to Rs 4.95 a unit from Rs 4.30 per unit. Government has also hiked the subsidy given to huts to Rs 290 from the existing Rs 250.
The cost of a unit for government and government-aided educational institutions has been increased to Rs 6.35 a unit from the existing Rs 4.50 a unit. For private educational institutions the price has been revised to Rs 6.35 a unit from the existing Rs 5.50 a unit. For business enterprises, the cost has been increased to Rs 8 per unit as against Rs 7, the release said.
RELATED NEWS

IIP  CPI data likely to show improvementIIP, CPI data likely to show improvement
Ishan Bakshi | New Delhi Dec 12, 2014 09:48 AM IST
Estimates of Index of Industrial Production (IIP) and the consumer price index (CPI), which are to be released later today, are likely to bring cheer, with analysts expecting IIP to grow at a faster pace and inflation to moderate further. 
According to ZyFin Research, industrial activity will expand in October, with the monsoon recording a smaller-than-expected deficit, strong August data for the eight core sector industries and the recovery in the US economy.
The core sector, which accounts for roughly 37% of IIP, grew at 6.3% in the month of October, suggesting that IIP will grow at a faster pace. IIP in the month of September grew at 2.5% after weak growth in the months of July and August.
An uptick in growth is expected in all three segments of the index. Part of the expected rise in manufacturing, which accounts for over 75% of the index, is attributed to the base effect as the segment had contracted 1.3% in October last year. 
Core sector data also showed a sharp uptick in electricity generation. The sector grew at 13.2% after slowing down to 3.9% in the month of September. 
But concerns remain. While capital goods, a proxy for investment demand, had grown at 11.6% in September after contracting in the previous months, it remains extremely volatile. Further, the consumer goods segment has contracted in 11 of the last 12 months suggesting that demand continues to remain weak. 
Retail inflation is likely to moderate further owing to the fall in commodity prices and due to the base effect. CPI had fallen from 6.46% in September to 5.52% in October. But economists expect this moderation to reverse early next year due to the base effect. 

Farm sector growth may remain at 2.5-3% in 2014-15Farm sector growth may remain at 2.5-3% in 2014-15
Sanjeeb Mukherjee | New Delhi Dec 12, 2014 09:38 AM IST
India’s farm sector growth, which slipped to 3.2% in the second quarter of the 2014-15 financial year as against 5% during the same period last year, is expected to remain in the 2.5-3.0% range for the full year due to a drop in kharif farm production.
Agriculture growth in 2013-14 was 4.7%.  Growth in the April-June quarter of 2014-15 was around 3.5%. 
“Full year agriculture growth is expected to be around 2.5-3.0% as against more than 4% in 2013-14 due to drop in kharif foodgrains on account of poor monsoon. Though rains revived in the latter half of the southwest monsoon season, but it will not be sufficient to wipe off the entire deficit,” Ramesh Chand, director of National Centre for Agriculture Economics and Policy Research (NCAP) said.
The southwest monsoon, which is lifeline for millions of farmers across the country, was over 40% less than normal in the first 45 days of the four-month season that started from June. It recovered appreciably thereafter, narrowing the deficit to around 11% by the season end in September. 
However, the MET office said despite the recovery rainfall was less in around 30% of the country and normal in the rest. Four sub-divisions (Himachal Pradesh, west Uttar Pradesh, east Uttar Pradesh and Telangana) saw deficient to scanty rainfall during the four months. 
Rainfall in June was 57% of the Long Period Average (LPA), while it was 90% in July and August and 108% in September. Long Period Average is the average rainfall that the country receives during the last 50 years. 
The maximum impact of the uneven rains was in the final production of coarse cereals, oilseeds and pulses. However, with rains recovering late, there is possibility of better harvest during the Rabi season, sowing for which started from middle of November. 
As per the government’s first advanced estimate, foodgrains production in 2014-15 is expected to be around 120.27 million tonne, around 9 million tonne less than last year. 
Production of rice is expected to be 88 million tonne as against 91.69 million tonne last year, while that of coarse cereals is expected to be 27.05 million tonne as against 31.25 million tonne last year. Kharif oilseeds production is expected to be around 19.66 million tonne as against 22.40 million tonne last year, while that of pulses is expected to be around 5.20 million tonne, down from 6.02 million tonne last year. 

Australian shares post worst weekly fall in 3 weeksAustralian shares post worst weekly fall in 3 weeks
Reuters
Tweet
Sydney, Dec 12:  
Australian shares closed down 0.2 per cent on Friday, their fourth consecutive fall, as miners were hit again with iron ore falling to its weakest level in more than five years.
Financial stocks also took a beating after Australia’s central bank governor sounded reluctant to ease any time soon, dealing a blow to investors who have priced in a one-in-three chance of a quarter-point easing as early as February, when the RBA holds its next policy review.
The S&P/ASX 200 index fell 11.3 points to 5,219.6 points at the close of trade. The benchmark ended down 0.53 percent on Thursday.
It was the worst weekly performance for the market in three weeks, falling 2.2 per cent.
New Zealand’s benchmark NZX 50 index rose 0.23 per cent or 12.9 points to finish the session at 5,514.95.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

Court to pass order on CBIs closure report in Hindalco coal case on Dec 16Court to pass order on CBI’s closure report in Hindalco coal case on Dec 16
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 12:  
A Special Court today reserved for December 16 its order on the CBI’s closure report in the Hindalco coal blocks allocation scam case.
“Certain clarifications sought. Put up for order on December 16,” Special CBI judge Bharat Parashar said.
During the brief hearing, the court asked the CBI about some documents related to the case which have been mentioned in the closure report.
Responding to this, the agency’s investigating officer clarified that all related documents have been filed on the court record.
The court was hearing a case in which an FIR was lodged against industrialist Kumar Mangalam Birla, ex-Coal Secretary P C Parakh and others relating to allocation of Talabira II and III coal blocks in Odisha in 2005 to Hindalco.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

S. Korean shares edge higher; won fallsS. Korean shares edge higher; won falls
Reuters
Tweet
Seoul, Dec 12:  
South Korean shares edged higher on Friday, recovering from a seven-week low hit in the previous session, as investors found some reprieve from further signs that the US economy was on a healthy growth track.
The Korea Composite Stock Price Index (KOSPI) closed up 0.27 per cent at 1,921.71 points.
The South Korean won fell as the dollar resumed its broad rally, with investors pricing in expectations of an earlier rate increase by the Federal Reserve to reflect a string of robust economic data.
The local currency was quoted at 1,103.1 to the dollar at the end of onshore trade, compared to Thursday’s close of 1,100.9.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

Markets Live: Sensex down 67 points on weak global cues; IIP  retail inflation data eyedWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

BMW and Mini car range price hiked by 5 pctMercedes- Benz posts record sales in India during 2014
BMW Group India has announced a price increase of up to 5 per cent across the BMW and Mini product range effective 1 January 2015.
Philipp von Sahr, President, BMW Group India said, “We want to maintain sustainable leadership in the Indian market. With the price increase, BMW Group will maintain its premium positioning in the Indian luxury car segment.”
BMW dealerships in India display the BMW 1 Series, the BMW 3 Series, the BMW 3 Series Gran Turismo, the BMW 5 Series, the BMW 7 Series, the BMW X1, the BMW X3 and the BMW X5 which are locally-produced at BMW Plant Chennai.
BMW dealerships also display the BMW 6 Series Gran Coupe, the BMW ActiveHybrid 7, the BMW X6, the BMW Z4, the BMW M3 Sedan, the BMW M4 Coupe, the BMW M5 Sedan and the BMW M6 Gran Coupe, which are available in the country as Completely Built-up Units.
The BMW 6 Series Individual and the BMW 7 Series can also be ordered as Completely Built-up Units.
In pic: BMW Mini.
The BMW Group will also introduce the BMW i8 in India in 2015.
Currently, BMW India has 37 sales outlets in the Indian market but says by end of 2015 will aggressively expand its dealer network by increasing the number of outlets to 50 across major metropolitan centers and emerging markets in India.
Post Comments
More from automobiles

Gurgaon real estate rejig likely as state seeks info on errant firmsGurgaon real estate rejig likely as Haryana seeks info on errant firms
Mansi Taneja | New Delhi Dec 13, 2014 10:11 PM IST
The landscape of Gurgaon’s real estate market, one of the biggest in India, is likely to see a change under a new government at the helm of affairs in Haryana. After the recently formed Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP)-led state government sought information on errant developers, officials are learnt to have contacted consultants for details. Based on the information procured, sources say, the state wants to adopt a new approach for the real estate sector.
In line with the BJP-led central government’s focus on ‘Housing for all by 2022’, the state government is also concerned about a phenomenal rise in prices of residential property in Gurgaon.
The development comes even as the real estate sector is in the midst of a slowdown and facing sales decline over the past few years. Property buyers have been facing long delays in delivery, mainly in the National Capital Region, resulting in investors moving away.
“To revive faith among buyers, the state government has sought information on specific developers who have been playing truant with customers,” said a person involved in the process. A stern action is also believed to be on the cards for those that have defaulted on delivery.
Gurgaon and Mumbai, the two biggest real estate markets in India, typically draw huge investor interest.
So far known as a destination for premium and luxury properties, Gurgaon is fast emerging as a hub for homes costing between Rs 10 lakh and Rs 20 lakh, with developers lining up a number of projects under the Haryana government’s affordable housing policy.
As of September this year, the state government had received as many as 122 applications from developers for launching affordable housing projects under a policy unveiled last year. Till September, 63 applications had been received for Gurgaon alone, and 16 came for Sohna (extension of Gurgaon).
According to experts, Gurgaon will see a lot of action in the near future, both in luxury and affordable markets. “The new state government in Haryana has to ensure things now move ahead smoothly, with policy changes and other initiatives required to give a thrust to the sector,” a consultant said.

Markets turn choppy ahead of CPI  IIP data; GAIL down 4%Markets turn choppy ahead of CPI, IIP data; GAIL down 4%
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 12, 2014 11:29 AM IST
Benchmark indices are trading flat with a negative bias as losses in oil and gas stocks have wiped off the gains in information technology and pharma shares.  
 
At 11:25 AM, the 30-share Sensex was down 24 points at 27,577 and the 50-share Nifty was down 5 points at 8,288.
 
In the broader market, both BSE midcap and smallcap indices have outperformed their larger peers with gains of around 0.3% and 0.5% each. Market breadth in BSE is positive with 1,287 advances against 1,041 declines.  
 
Investors are cautious ahead of CPI and IIP data. According to media reports, a business survey has estimated Index of Industrial Production (IIP) to increase to 2.8% for the month of October, 2014 compared to 2.5% in the same month last year and Consumer Inflation Index (CPI) to moderate to 4.5% in November, the slowest rate recorded since the data series was first published in 2012. The November CPI and October IIP data is due later today.
 
The rupee is at 62.43, after falling as much as 62.45, matching the session low hit on February, 20.
 
Meanwhile, foreign institutional investors were net sellers in Indian equities worth Rs 808.27 crore on Thursday, as per provisional stock exchange data.
Buzzing Stocks
 
BSE Healthcare index up 0.9% is the top gainer followed by BSE FMCG and IT indices, up 0.4% and 0.2% each.  BSE Realty and Oil & Gas indices, down 1.1% and 0.8% each have lost the most followed by BSE Capital Goods and Consumer Durables indices which have lost around 0.2% and 0.4% each.
 
Infosys has trimmed early gains to trade up by around 1%. Wipro has gained around 0.7% while TCS has gained 0.5% on plans of workforce reduction. At the end of the quarter ended September 30, TCS had a total headcount of 313,757 following a gross employee addition of 20,000.
 
Among the private sector banks, Axis Bank and ICICI Bank have gained 0.4% and 0.6% each while HDFC Bank is marginally down by 0.1%. 
 
Sun Pharma has gained around 0.7%. According to media reports, the company has started working on Competition Commission of India (CCI)'s order which had placed the condition of selling seven brands from the combined entity's portfolio within six months before the sun Pharma and Ranbaxy merger takes place.
 
Bharti Airtel has gained over 2%. According to media reports, the the government is likely to include one slot for 3G services in the upcoming spectrum auction.
 
Auto shares are trading mixed. Maruti Suzuki and Hero Motocorp have gained over 1% while M&M is down by 1.6%.
 
Continued slide in global crude prices has brought pressure on oil and gas shares. GAIL has slumped around 4% while ONGC has lost close to 2%.

Taxi apps ban to affect over a million passengersBan on taxi apps to affect over a million customers
Itika Sharma Punit, Digbijay Mishra, Sounak Mitra & Surabhi Agarwal | New Delhi/Bangalore Dec 13, 2014 12:48 AM IST
After governments across several states began a crackdown on internet-based taxi providers this week, 1-1.5 million people are likely to be affected. But there are divergent tales emerging after the Uber ban. One is of chaos at places like airports — where taxis are the most sought — because of overcharging by drivers, taking advantage of the shortage of taxis. Another is of licensed taxi operators going the extra mile to fix the now-dented trust of consumers. Even without being asked, drivers of Meru are showing their licence to passengers soon after boarding, to assure them of their credentials.
Though implementation of the ban has been patchy, about 10,000 cabs are estimated to be off roads across the country, essentially in the metro cities of Mumbai, Delhi and Hyderabad. Even as users acknowledge the many lapses by taxi aggregator Uber in the Delhi rape case, most say a blanket ban will make commuting and leisure trips inconvenient.
On Wednesday, two days after the ban, the drop-off area at New Delhi airport was in turmoil. Many passengers for early-morning flights were running behind schedule. In the wee hours of the morning, most had relied on radio cabs to travel to the airport. The ban had led to a shortage of taxis plying on roads. Though Uber only suspended its operations that afternoon, while others continued to ply, users were already confused about their status.
This week, the central government asked states to ensure stoppage of unlicensed web-based taxi services. While the decision was sparked by the need to regularise the taxi sector and make sure these services were safe to use, the ban might have quite the opposite impact.
A law graduate assisting a senior lawyer complained she left work late, as lawyers put in long hours. “What are the options a woman dependent on public transport has at 1 am?” she asked, adding Uber, Ola and other web-based services were at least relatively safe and affordable.
Sumeet Kaur, a Bengaluru-based entrepreneur who is a regular user of Uber, says the service was “life changing” for her. “Earlier, I used to rely on auto-rickshaws and have faced terrible behaviour from drivers. With Uber drivers, on the other hand, I never faced any issue.” She found Uber drivers always very polite and courteous. “You cannot take away a service from consumers without giving an alternative,” she added.
In India, mobile apps of the top eight taxi services have been downloaded about 20 million times. This excludes Uber’s five million downloads, which comprises its users all over the world, according to data available on Google Play Store. Downloads through Apple’s iPhones and on the Windows platform will only shore up the numbers. Even if one considers most of the downloads as inactive, at least 1 to1.5 million people will be actively using the apps to book cabs regularly. The number of people who use both mobile applications and the call centres for cab booking would be much higher. Radio taxi service providers like Meru Cabs who operate both ways — traditional call centre booking route and direct mobile app bookings— get about 40-50 per cent of their bookings through mobile applications. But these taxi operators will continue to operate through the call centre route, as they are recognised by the government as legal entities.
Kaur, who chose to take an Uber ride on Wednesday night because her husband was not accompanying her, said no matter how much she prefers travelling by it, she had become more cautious after the Delhi rape and would perhaps feel unsafe using any radio taxi service at night if she was travelling alone.
The user base of web-based taxi services has been growing at an annual rate of 25 to 30 per cent, according to Rohan Dighe of ViralMint, a marketing and consumer acquisition platform. For any e-commerce portal, just about 10 per cent of registered users are active but the number is relatively higher in the case of taxi service providers because of the “nature of the industry”, Dighe added.
Taxi services are at least taking this opportunity to relook at their processes and try to put more safeguards in place. Uber said on Thursday that it was conducting a full audit of its verification, rider feedback and support processes apart from assessing its driver screening processes, Ola is getting GPS installed in all its partner taxis.  Licensed operators such as Meru and Mega are going the extra mile to assure safety. “If a woman is travelling alone at odd hours, she will be contacted by the company call centre to check if she is fine,” said Kunal Lalani, chief executive officer of Mega Cabs.
A TaxiForSure spokesperson said in the wake of the recent developments, it was working with operators closely to meet the regulatory requirements. Perhaps, taxi operators are going an extra few miles to woo back their customers because it is big business now.

Sugar falls by 1.5% on higher supplySugar falls by 1.5% on higher supply
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 12, 2014 11:55 AM IST
Sugar prices dropped by 1.46% to Rs 2,835 per quintal in futures trade today, dragged down by ample stocks in the spot markets on persistent supplies by mills against subdued demand from bull consumers.
At the National Commodity and Derivatives Exchange, sugar for delivery in far-month May dropped by Rs 42, or 0.42% to Rs 2,835 per quintal with an open interest of 3,610 lots.
Similarly, the sweetner for delivery in March contract moved down by Rs 36, or 1.30% to Rs 2,731 per quintal in 17,800 lots.
Market analysts attributed the fall in sugar futures to adequate stocks in the physical market on persistent supplies from millers on higher output reports against low demand from bulk consumers.
Meanwhile, India's sugar production rose by 56% to 17.81 lakh tonnes in the first two months of the current marketing year that started in October, on account of increased production from Uttar Pradesh according to industry data.

Markets have run much ahead of fundamentals: Daljeet KohliMarkets have run much ahead of fundamentals: Daljeet Kohli
Tulemino Antao | Mumbai Dec 12, 2014 11:33 AM IST
In the midst of markets consolidating after hitting fresh record highs Daljeet Kohli, Head-Research, IndiaNivesh Securities tells Tulemino Antao that corporate earnings have to catch up a very fast pace to justify current stock prices and as of now most of the market is moving on hopes of sharp revival.
After hitting fresh record highs the market seem to taking a pause. How do you see the markets panning out till the run-up to the Union Budget?
We believe markets may remain range bound with increased volatility. On the domestic front the markets will take cues from any reform oriented action/announcement by central government while on international front US Fed’s take on increasing interest rates in US, Chinese authorities taking action to revive growth, Euro Zone slippages etc will keep markets nervous.
In terms of valuation, we believe our markets have run much ahead of fundamentals. Corporate earnings have to catch up at a very fast pace to justify current stock prices. As of now, most of the market is moving on hopes of a sharp revival. However ground reality has not changed too much. On top of this, in our opinion all Emerging Markets will have to deal with much greater uncertainty arising out of diversionary monetary policy expected from US Fed and other big economies like European Union or Japan. 
What are your expectations from the third quarter for the Sensex group companies in terms of top line and bottom-line?
We have not increased any earnings estimates for Q3FY15 as we do not see any real change happening. Demand in almost all sectors appears to be muted. We have not seen any strong growth in top line even in the festive season. Hence consumer sectors should remain benign.
Car volumes growth has been erratic in the last 2 months. Major part of growth in auto has come due to taking advantage benefits of excise going away & not from real demand pick up. Similarly cement/steel off take has also not picked up in any meaningful manner. Taking cues from credit off take of meagre 8% in banking sector we believe the growth across the entire manufacturing sector will remain on lower side. Trade data of last 2 months too does not suggest any significant growth in exports.
Overall we believe the top line growth in Q3 may mirror the growth in previous quarters. As regards bottom line again we do not expect any major surprise as we have not witnessed meaningful reduction in raw material or other costs. According to us most of the corporates have minimized expenses and reached cost optimization levels hence not much can be improved from here-on.
According to us, any increase in margins can come only from top line growth (operating leverage) and not from cost cutting. Finance costs have remained elevated since interest rates have not come down in last quarter. Year-on-Year there would be increase in depreciation for some companies due to change in companies act. Hence on net profit level we expect muted growth.
 
The Bank Nifty is trading near its all-time highs. Meanwhile, non-performing assets continue to haunt state-owned banks. With the economy showing signs of pick-up and inflation easing what is your take on the banking sector and which would be your top picks among state-owned banks for 2-3 year horizon?
We agree with street view that macro -economic indicators have become favourable for rate cut. It is only a matter of time when we should start witnessing reduction in interest rates. This coupled with some meaningful action by the government on removing execution bottlenecks especially on stalled/new infra projects should be extremely helpful for all the financial services sector and banking sector in particular. However the benefits to sector will accrue only when some concrete action is taken and things start moving on ground. As of now everything is in the realm of hopes/expectations.
We believe asset quality pain for banks is likely to remain for some more quarters. Government/RBI will have to take some strict /stern actions on defaulters, removing administrative bottlenecks and only then can the asset quality of banks improve. We are estimating capex cycle to revive only some time in FY16. Hence while long term view is positive on banks but near term the pain persists, therefore we are selectively positive on certain banks but overall we feel this sector is overpriced.
For 2-3 year time period we like SBI & BOB. Both these banks have taken certain steps on managing asset quality, both of them are enough capitalized to take advantage of upcoming revival in investment cycle and valuation wise still have some space.
Will IT majors reap the benefits of a weakening rupee during the third quarter? Further, are there any mid-cap IT stocks that are attractively priced at current levels?
Yes we believe IT sector is well placed for growth. Our call is on demand revival from major markets (US and Europe) for most of the Indian companies. We believe visible signs of macro improving in US will lead to many US companies to re-start spending in a big way on IT which they had stopped in last 5 years. Increased spend on technology will lead to strong growth for many Indian companies.
We expect Rupee to remain above Rs 62 levels arising out of impending USFED action leading to strength in dollar against all currencies of the world. Any doubts on funds outflow from emerging markets (including India) will also put pressure on Rupee.
Twin benefits of revival in global demand and weak Rupee will result in good fortunes for all IT companies. Amongst the mid cap IT companies we like OnMobile Global (turnaround story), Thinksoft Global (potential to scale up immensely), KPIT ( strong dollar revenue growth), Mastek (value unlocking post de-merger of insurance and other business).   
Among the defensive sectors pharma companies seem to be on a roll. You have won the Best Analyst award for pharmaceuticals from Starmine. What is your all on the sector and which would be your top two picks among the large-cap and small-cap pharma stocks?
Most of Indian pharma companies have grown on back of timely launches of generic products in US and other regulated markets. However due to patent cliff coming off and long delays in getting approvals for new products from USFDA, the process to launch new products in US has substantially slowed down. Meanwhile, the base business of many India companies has grown very large.
Hence base effect will play adverse to the growth numbers for these companies. Third, major change in US/regulated markets will come from the fact that now the launches are happening for those products where many Indian players are competitors. This means that now Indian players have to compete against other whose costs are similar v/s in previous scenario wherein there used to be pharma companies from other parts of the world.
This effectively means that earlier price erosion at the time of genericisation used to be much lower than what is happening now. Telemisartan is one good example of that product. In view of the aforesaid discussion we expect a gentle pause in strong growth of Indian pharma companies (especially those targeting US) for next few quarters. However in our opinion next growth trigger will come from biosimilars and highly differentiated limited competition products. Many Indian players are already working in this regard. Dr. Reddy’s, Cadila, Lupin, Biocon etc are all working towards these segments.
Most of the pharma stocks are trading at high multiples in present times hence leave limited upside scope. However, we continue to like the sector. We are selective on stocks where valuations are still justifiable and pipeline of products is visible. We like Cadila and Shilpa Medicare even at current levels.
Cadila has  a large products pipeline waiting approvals from USFDA. The hard work that they have done in last 2-3 years is likely to help them now. We expect US business to grow very strongly. On the domestic front Cadila was showing muted growth due to issues related to pricing policy. Now that those issues are settled, we expect Cadila to come back to industry level growth of 15-16% pa. Thus both US and domestic business are poised for strong growth in future. Cadila also has pipeline of 20 biosimilar products and intend to launch 2 of them by 2020 besides the one that they have recently launched.
Shilpa Medicare: This company is involved in high level of R&D on many oncology products. We like the co’s capability to identify the products and build the capacities around that. It is already a very strong and established player for certain oncology related APIs. The company is now in process of building base for a very strong growth in FY17-18 when patents of many of the molecules, that it is working on, will get over. FY14 was exceptionally good year in terms of financials for the company thus optically growth in FY15 may look muted because of high base effect.
We expect FY16 to be normal year and then FY17 or FY18 to be another block buster year for the company. Near term trigger for the stock would be long pending inspection of one of its facility by the USFDA.     
Tyre and paint companies have surged in the previous sessions on the back of declining crude oil prices. What are your views on their valuations at current levels? Which would be your top two picks in the tyre and paint segment?
Both these sectors we do not cover.  While there will be savings for both the sectors but I think stock prices are factoring in much more than what would be actual saving. Hence almost all the stocks are overpriced in both sectors.
Disclosure: I have no personal holdings in the stocks mentioned. However, the directors of IndiaNivesh Securities as well clients may have positions in the stocks recommended.
 

Maruti volumes to rise with new launches  earnings with FX movement: reportMaruti volumes to rise with new launches, earnings with FX movement: report
Swaraj Baggonkar | Mumbai Dec 12, 2014 11:28 AM IST
Armed with nearly half a dozen products to be launched over the next 18 months, India's largest car maker Maruti Suzuki is looking at a volumes growth of 16% and 18%, respectively, in the next two financial years, say analysts.
The Delhi-based automaker will launch five models, including four new cars, in the next 12-18 month period. New launches will include a crossover, a light commercial vehicle, a new premium hatchback and a compact sports utility vehicle.
"The initial response to the company’s recent launches Celerio and Ciaz has been positive and upcoming launches will open up new growth segments for the company. We forecast a 15 per cent CAGR in volumes during FY2015-17E but for existing portfolio we have assumed the volume growth of only 9 per cent CAGR,” Kotak Institutional Equities said in a report.
The company will launch the SX4 Crossover and a diesel-version of the Celerio during the period. Its compact SUV will compete against the like of Ford EcoSport, Renault Duster and Hyundai's upcoming SUV. Reports say that Maruti is looking to have a small diesel engine in the Wagon R, one of its top selling tall-boy design hatchbacks. 
Unlikely its earlier launches, which cannibalised its own existing and established models, newer launches will not have much impact on Maruti Suzuki's current portfolio. The company is expected to improve its market share in passenger cars to 54% in the next two years from 50% reported during the last financial year. 
"It is important to note that newer models are unlikely to cannibalise existing products of Maruti Suzuki, which will support volume growth,” the Kotak report said, adding that the company is also likely to expand the automated transmission technology to more models in its portfolio after Magnetti Marelli expands its capacity for automated manual transmission.  
The positive fluctuations in currency movements against the Japanese Yen has also boosted Maruti Suzuki's earnings. Direct and indirect imports form 16% of the company's net sales while royalty forms 6% of net sales, which is denominated in yen. Costs in yen form 22% of net sales and 8% depreciation of Yen versus Rupee can lead to 176 bps improvement in EBITDA margin if all the benefits are retained by the company.
"We have increased our earnings estimates by 7-10 per cent for FY2016/17E primarily incorporating latest changes to JPY-INR currency assumptions by our economist. We believe Maruti Suzuki is well placed to improve its market share in the passenger vehicle segment driven by a strong product pipeline and weak competition over the next two years. We have raised our target price to Rs 4,000 (from Rs 3,700 earlier) based on 7-10 per cent increase in earnings estimates for FY2016/17E. We maintain our BUY rating on the stock", added the report. 

Suven Life gets 5 new product patentsSuven Life gets 5 new product patents
BS Reporter | Hyderabad Dec 12, 2014 08:46 PM IST
Suven Life Sciences Limited, a Hyderabad-based biopharmaceutical company, has received two product patents from Israel, and a patent each from Japan, China and New Zealand corresponding to the new chemical entities (NCEs) for the treatment of disorders associated with neuro-degenerative diseases.
These patents are valid through 2027, 2028, 2029 and 2030 respectively.
In a filing to the BSE on Friday, Suven Life said the patent includes the class of selective 5-HT compounds discovered by Suven.
These were being developed as therapeutic agents to be used in the treatment of cognitive impairment associated with neurodegenerative disorders like Alzheimer's, attention deficiency hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), Huntington's, Parkinson and schizophrenia diseases.
With these new patents, Suven has two granted patents from Israel, 11 from Japan, 15 from China and 21 from New Zealand.
Products out of these innovations may be out-licensed at various phases of clinical development like at Phase-I and Phase-II, the company said.
Suven Life's scrip is currently trading at Rs 222 on the BSE, up 5.74%, over the previous close of Rs 209.95 a share.

RBI governor believes Urjit Patel s  glide path  fits India wellRajan believes 'glide path' towards lower inflation fits India well
Neelasri Barman | Mumbai Dec 12, 2014 11:57 AM IST
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Raghuram Rajan believes ‘an Urjit Patel glide path’ fits the country well for ensuring moderate growth even while the economy disinflates.
“A ‘Volker’-like disinflation was never on the cards in India, but an Urjit Patel glide path fits us very well, ensuring moderate growth even while we disinflate. Going forward, we will discuss with the government an appropriate timeline within which the economy should move to the centre of the medium-term inflation band of 2-6%,” said Rajan at the Bharat Ram Memorial Lecture in New Delhi.
A committee headed by RBI Deputy Governor Urjit Patel had earlier recommended a ‘glide path’ to disinflation. RBI will be looking to reduce headline retail inflation to 6% by March 2015. The core recommendation of the central bank panel was to ultimately bring the retail inflation rate down to 4% (plus or minus 2%).
In its fifth bi-monthly monetary policy review earlier this month, RBI had kept the repo rate unchanged at 8%, while Rajan had highlighted that risks to the January 2016 target of 6% retail inflation appeared evenly balanced under the current policy stance.
Rajan reiterated that the central bank’s focus on primarily keeping inflation low and stable would ensure the best conditions for growth. “In reacting to developments, however, the central bank has to recognise that emerging markets are not as resilient as industrial economies. So, the path of disinflation cannot be as steep as in an industrial economy, because an emerging market is more fragile, and people’s buffers and safety nets are thinner,” said Rajan.
November data for the Consumer Price Index (CPI)-based inflation are expected later on Friday; most expect it to ease below 5%. The inflation rate had risen to 5.52% the previous month.
“Domestic demand-led growth is notoriously difficult to manage, and typically leads to excess. Therefore, we need to strengthen domestic macroeconomic institutions, so that we can foster sustainable and stable growth. At the same time, we cannot let foreign markets shrink further, and we have to take up the fight for an open global system,” Rajan said.

Coal scam: Court verdict on Hindalco closure report on Dec 16Coal scam: Court to pass order on CBI's Hindalco closure report on Dec 16
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 12, 2014  | 12:51 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
A Special Court on Friday reserved for December 16 its order on the the Central Bureau of Investigation's (CBI) closure report in the Hindalco coal blocks allocation scam case.
"Certain clarifications sought. Put up for order on December 16," Special CBI judge Bharat Parashar said during the hearing of a case in which an FIR was lodged against industrialist Kumar Mangalam Birla, ex-Coal Secretary P C Parakh and others relating to allocation of Talabira II and III coal blocks in Odisha in 2005 to Hindalco.
During the brief hearing, the court asked the investigation agency about certain documents related to the case that have been mentioned in the closure report.
Responding to this, the CBI investigating officer clarified that all related documents have been filed on court record.

Chinas Nobel peace laureate sends message fromjailBy: Associated Press | Beijing |
Posted: December 12, 2014 12:43 pm
The jailed Chinese Nobel Peace Laureate Liu Xiaobo has told a friend that he is relatively healthy but wants the world to pay more attention to other Chinese activists.
“The aura around me is enough already. I hope the world can pay more attention to other victims who are not well known, or not known at all,” said a message sent by Liu to dissident Liao Yiwu, who lives in exile in Germany.
Liao, who posted the message Thursday on Facebook, did not say how he received the message from Liu, who is serving an 11-year jail sentence for inciting state subversion, but Liu’s friends say the message is genuine.
While in prison, Liu was awarded the Peace Nobel Prize in 2010 for his calls for political reforms.

After Agra conversions  Opposition now attacks Govt over Sakshi Maharajs eulogy forGodseBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 12, 2014 12:22 pm | Updated: December 12, 2014 1:45 pm
A united opposition on Friday forced BJP member Sakshi Maharaj to express regret in Lok Sabha and withdraw his remarks terming Mahatma Gandhi’s assassin Nathuram Godse a patriot.
Congress President Sonia Gandhi joined opposition members in raising slogans against the government and the BJP member.
Soon after Speaker Sumitra Mahajan referred to the December 13, 2001 Parliament attack, members from Congress and RJD referred to the BJP MP’s controversial remarks.
When the Speaker informed that she has rejected notices on adjournment motion and suspension of Question Hour to take up the issue, opposition members from Congress, RJD, TMC and Left trooped into the Well raising slogans against the government and Sakshi Maharaj, who was present.
Amid slogans like ‘Hey Ram, hey Ram; Gandhi ke hatyare ko diya samman’ (eulogising Gandhi’s killer) and ‘doshi sarkar hai hai’ (down with the guilty government), the House took up Question Hour.
As the pandemonium continued, Mahajan adjourned the House for 10 minutes up to 11.25 AM.
As soon as the House reassembled, Parliamentary Affairs Minister M Venkaiah Naidu said nobody can accept eulogising the assassin of Mahatma Gandhi. He said the government and the BJP do not agree with the proposition of the MP.
When Congress members said they were not satisfied with the Minister’s reply, Naidu shot back saying there are people who are “killing” the ideology of the Mahatma every day.
He said the opposition has no issue to raise still it is not allowing the House to function.
Disapproving the disruption, Mahajan said from tomorrow she will set aside the first five minutes for apologies.
Sakshi Maharaj rose to make a statement and said he respects the Mahatma and the House. “I withdraw my remarks.
But my friends have no issue…Godse killed Gandhi long back but you killed the Mahatma’s ideology in 1984 during anti-Sikh riots,” he said.
As Congress members opposed his remarks, the BJP member said he expresses “regret” and “withdraws” his remarks.
As Opposition members shouted slogans in the Well, Sonia Gandhi was seen directing her party’s MPs. From her seat in the front bench, she also joined them in raising slogans.
Leader of Congress party Mallikarjun Kharge said the opposition will not allow the government to have its way just because it has majority.
As the din continued, Naidu said the member has already withdrawn his remarks and the government and the party disassociate and condemn such statements.
He said Gandhi never threatened anyone and went by rules and the Opposition was going against his teachings.
At the prodding of the Speaker, Sakshi Maharaj rose again to withdraw his remarks and “express regret before the House and the country.”
The proceedings were observed by a Pakistani delegation of legislators, who were seated in the Speaker’s Gallery.
Earlier, Congress leader Jyotiraditya Scindia along continued…

Bengaluru exec behind Islamic State s top Twitter accountIS' top Twitter account run by Bangalore man
Saikat Datta , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 12, 2014
First Published: 09:11 IST(12/12/2014) | Last Updated: 23:49 IST(12/12/2014)
Comments
The most influential Twitter account of the Iraqi militant group Islamic State (IS), which has taken 39 Indian workers as hostage, has been found to be operated by an Indian executive working out of Bengaluru, formerly known as Bangalore, a report revealed by UK's Channel 4 has claimed.
Screen grab of the now deactivated @shamiwitness Twitter account.
This was revealed by the TV channel on Wednesday night, which identified the person as ‘Mehdi’ an executive working with an “Indian conglomerate” out of Bengaluru. The channel also claimed that Mehdi used to run the Twitter account @ShamiWitness with  over 17,000 followers, “two-thirds of whom are foreign fighters” fighting for the IS in Iraq and Syria. His tweets were seen over 2 million times making him the “most influential twitter account” for the IS.
In thousands of tweets sent out regularly he was “acting as the leading conduit of information between jihadis, supporters and recruits”. 
The channel says the man's full name has not been disclosed as his life would be in danger.
The report quotes Mehdi as saying he would have joined Islamic State, but his family was financially dependent on him. "If I had a chance to leave everything and join them I might have.. my family needs me here," he is quoted as saying.
Mehdi, the channel reported, is also on Facebook and regularly shares “jokes, funny images, talks about super hero movies, posting pictures of pizza dinners with friends and Hawaiian parties at work.” There are also indications of his “Islamist ideology” in conversations about “Libyan and Egyptian uprisings.”
Mehdi would post thousands of tweets from his Twitter account, using his mobile every month and also tweeted the video of the beheading of US aid worker Peter Kassig “within minutes of it being uploaded to the internet.”
He also tweeted in November that “May Allah guide, protect, strengthen and expand the Islamic State…Islamic State brought peace, autonomy, zero corruption, low crime rate”. The channel also reported how the Twitter account would express happiness at the “deaths and rapes of Kurdish fighters” on Twitter, but later said that these were “taken out of context”.
Mehdi shut down his account after being contacted by Channel 4 News.
Senior Indian intelligence officials Hindustan Times spoke to said that they were unaware about Mehdi and his Twitter account. On being alerted they have contacted their British counterparts to get more details about the account.
Intelligence sources also told HT that most of the radicalised youth from India have been found to be using social media and "influenced by similar accounts" posted by groups like the IS. One of the youths who left to join the IS, Arif Majeed from Kalyan, near Mumbai returned to India recently.
They are also planning to speak to Twitter, India to get the details of the person who was running the account.
Incidentally, a study conducted by researchers in the University of Milan has found that there are more social media followers sympathetic to the IS in Europe and the US than in states like Iraq and Syria. Another study conducted by Brookings Institute claimed that the IS use social media actively to spread and legitimise its activities.

Rupee tumbles: But Rajan geared to take on bears this timeDec 12, 2014, 10.57 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Rupee tumbles: But Rajan geared to take on bears this time
Having largely put the inflation genie back into the battle, it appears Rajan will again have to shift his focus back to the rupee.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Rupee tumbles: But Rajan geared to take on bears this time
Having largely put the inflation genie back into the battle, it appears Rajan will again have to shift his focus back to the rupee.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Raghuram Rajan came into office in September last year just when the rupee was fighting one of its toughest battles ever.
The currency had sunk to a lifetime low of 68 to the US dollar, when it was trading at 54 five months back. The new RBI chief had then waded straight into the battle: bringing about several financial reforms right off the bat as well as taking innovative steps to attract US dollars from abroad.
Within a few months, the rupee came and stabilized at around 60-61 levels where it has hovered since – and the RBI chief then got busy fighting another battle, this time with prices.
But having largely put the inflation genie back into the battle, it appears Rajan will again have to shift his focus back to the rupee, after the currency fell to a 10-month low in trade to 62.33.
Unlike the story back then, when at least partially the rupee fall could be attributed to local macro economic factors – weak economic growth, ballooning deficits and high inflation – this time it appears the story is largely of broad US dollar strength rather than rupee weakness.
This has been driven by a resurgent US economy, which has led to the Fed start to unwind its ultraloose monetary policy, and overall weakness in other developed countries, as well as in China.
The US dollar index, which tracks the greenback’s strength against a basket of six major currencies, has risen about 13.5 percent since bottoming out in May this year but the rupee has fallen only 7.3 percent in that time.
The rupee’s relative strength has been because of dollar inflows into the country, thanks to the fact that global investors are again looking at India as a great place to invest, Jamal Mecklai of Mecklai Financial Services told CNBC-TV18 yesterday .
So while inflows are currently blunting the broad dollar strength, it appears the RBI is busy preparing for a rainy day.
"If we are faced with a globally strengthening dollar, then I do not really think the RBI will be putting in too much ammunition in defending the rupee,” LIC Nomura MF debt fund manager Killol Pandya told the Economic Times recently . “It will probably let the currency slide a little more before it draws a fresh defence line for the currency.”
And drawing a fresh defence line it is. Since March this year, the RBI has been busy buying US dollars from the open market in billions. In July, for instance, it purchased as much as USD 5.45 billion, while most other months too, it has been a net purchaser. The central bank’s foreign exchange reserves are near an all-time high of USD 318 billion.
The most RBI has done is come into the market to sell US dollars when it was seeing volatility rise, such as yesterday. In short, it is saving its bullet for a rainy day.
The larger plan is obvious here. Till as long as the rupee slides gradually and without much volatility, the RBI will not mind it, and it would also help exporters, Federal Bank treasury president Ashutosh Khajuria told the Business Standard .
Time and again, the RBI chief has warned of a steep reversal in flows should the US start to reverse its monetary policy stance in a big way. The resultant currency volatility could seriously harm emerging economies.
In fact, it was this very point – that the Fed should be mindful of the effect its policies may have on emerging economies – that saw Rajan get into a minor war of words with former Federal Reserve chief Ben Bernanke (who was sitting in the audience during a discussion among top central bankers around the world). Bernanke, along with a former colleague in the Fed, essentially responded by saying the Fed’s prerogative lied with the US economy and other nations are on their own.
It appears, that on his own, Rajan is preparing for a big fight in 2015.
RELATED NEWS

Gurgaon s pink autos for women a failure despite rising cases of sexual assaultDec 12, 2014 at 11:48am IST
Gurgaon's pink autos for women a failure despite rising cases of sexual assault
14
0
Gurgaon: Unsafe public transport system is often cited as one of the reasons for women commuters being subject to sexual assault. The recent case of rape by a Uber taxi driver and the horrific December 16, 2012 gangrape of a paramedical student by six men in a moving bus in Delhi have seen women vociferously demand a better and safe public transport system.
Gurgaon Traffic Police in January 2013 had relaunched pink autos to ensure a safe transport system for women. But the project has been a failure even though it was relaunched twice in the last two years as Gurgaon has a large number of single women working in IT and related industries.
Pink autos were first introduced in 2010 after several women were assaulted by taxi drivers and in public transport but the move failed to garner a good response. The second time, these autos were equipped with special features like a panic button, a GPS system and launched after the Delhi gangrape, but they still failed to function.
Twenty-two autos were registered for the initial run and were available from MG Road Metro station but are nowhere to be seen now.
#delhi gangrape #bus gangrape #crime against women #delhi rape
Gurgaon Joint Commissioner (Traffic) Bharti Arora said,"We introduced them and also created a stand for them at MG Road Metro station. In fact the autos were given special preference at registered auto stands but still the concept failed because it was less economical."
"The project was started in January 2013 in the wake of gruesome rapes. But we don't know what happened to them after that. We are not aware about them," added Gurgaon Police PRO (Traffic) Subhash Chand.
But women in Gurgaon say they need such a service. A daily commuter Prachi Garg said, "I have been working in Gurgaon since one year but I have never seen any pink auto here. I really wish such projects start again because a lot of safety issues will be resolved then."
Twenty-two autos were registered for the initial run and were available from MG Road Metro station but are nowhere to be seen now.
"I used it just once and now I hardly see any of them. Well, it's more of a laughing matter now. Gurgaon Police should think of better solutions," Vandana Saini, a 25-year old working professional said.
"It may be beneficial but for us it was difficult to sustain as it wasted our time and we also earned less," Sanjay Kumar, an auto driver said.
124

BJP  RSS  Shiv Sena back UP Governor s  Ram temple at Babri site  remark  Opposition fumesDec 12, 2014 at  12:21pm IST
BJP, RSS, Shiv Sena back UP Governor's 'Ram temple at Babri site' remark, Opposition fumes
21
0
New Delhi: Even as the row over forced religious conversions continues to ignite passions, Uttar Pradesh Governor Ram Naik on Friday stirred a hornet's nest by saying that a Ram temple should be built at the site of the demolished Babri Masjid in Ayodhya as per the "wishes of the people of India".
Backing the UP Governor, the Bharatiya Janata Party, Rashtriya Swayamsewak Sangh and the Shiv Sena said that there is nothing wrong in his remark. "Everybody wants to get the Ram temple constructed at his (Ram) birth land. Having this wish is not wrong," BJP leader Vijay Bahadur said.
Shiv Sena also echoed the sentiment and extended its support to the Governor. "There is nothing wrong in his statement. Naik was active during the Ram Mandir movement. Now we have chance to build a Ram temple, it is a national temple," RSS leader Sanjay Raut said.
#uttar pradesh #ram naik #babri masjid #ayodhya
"His statement is not unconstitutional. It's a long pending promise that we have made to the people of this country and hence must be fulfilled," Shiv Sena MP Arvind Sawant added.
While he got support from saffron parties, opposition parties including the Congress, Janata Dal United, Nationalist Congress Party, Samajwadi Party among others strongly criticised Naik's comment.
"This is an objectionable issue to demand the construction of Ram Temple by the person sitting on the position of governor," NCP leader Tariq Anwar said.
The JDU even went ahead and demanded the Governor's resignation over the matter. "We will request the President of India to remove the Governor of Uttar Pradesh as he has violated the Constitution," JDU leader KC Tyagi said.
"Even if it is his personal comment then he should not make such comments because he is not a RSS member or a BJP member but governor of UP," Samajwadi Party leader Naresh Agrawal said.
Naik during a convocation programme of Awadh University at Faizabad had said, "Ram Mandir should be built as soon as possible. That is the wish of the Indian citizens and the wish should be fulfilled."
582

Assocham welcomes comprehensive bilateral pactsAssocham welcomes comprehensive bilateral pacts
Pharma stocks gain on weak rupeePharma stocks gain on weak rupee
Dec 11 is the most popular day of the year to conceiveDec 11 is the most popular day of the year to conceive
Zee Business India s Best Market Analyst Awards on Dec 13Zee Business India s Best Market Analyst Awards on Dec 13
Essar stocks fall; group signs pacts with Russian firmsEssar stocks fall; group signs pacts with Russian firms
TCS honoured at 8th Annual Hr Network National Awards 2014TCS honoured at 8th Annual Hr Network National Awards 2014
Rupee weakens to 62.43 in noon tradeRupee weakens to 62.43 in noon trade
Chana gains by 0.8% on upsurge in spot demandChana gains by 0.8% on upsurge in spot demand
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 12, 2014 12:07 PM IST
Amid rising spot demand and firming trend at producing belts, chana prices moved higher by 0.78% to Rs 3,116 per quintal in futures trade today as speculators enlarged positions.
At the National Commodity and Derivatives Exchange, chana for delivery in January next year moved up by Rs 24, or 0.78%, to Rs 3,116 per quintal with an open interest of 98,380 lots.
Similarly, the commodity for delivery in December contract was up by Rs 22, or 0.73%, to Rs 3,041 per quintal in 17,350 lots.
Analysts said speculators enlarged positions on account of rising demand in the spot market against limited arrivals from the major producing belts, mainly pushed up chana prices at futures trade.

Coca-Cola India in initial talks to claim minority stake in IPTLCoca-Cola in early talks to buy a minority stake in IPTL
Surajeet Dasgupta | New Delhi Dec 13, 2014 12:46 AM IST
The three-day International Premier Tennis League (IPTL), which recently saw top global tennis star Roger Federer taking on reigning number-one Novak Djokovic, surely created a stir among India’s 16,000 viewers who had thus far been starved of quality tennis. However, even as the tennis league hogged limelight, there was another story unfolding behind the scenes.
Beverage major Coca-Cola India had initiated preliminary talks to pick up a minority stake in the Mahesh Bhupathi-controlled company that had organised the tennis league. Those in the know say Coca-Cola’s plan could be to acquire about a 10 per cent stake.
On queries regarding the talks, a spokesperson for Coca-Cola India refused to comment, while Bhupathi did not respond to text messages.
If a deal is struck, it will make good sense for Coca-Cola, which was the title sponsor for the tournament this year. If an equity deal goes through, it will reflect the company has much deeper commitment to the tournament than being a sponsor.  According to industry sources, the title sponsorship for IPTL, being held in four countries, Singapore, the Philippines, India and UAE, went for Rs 5-6 crore.
Beverage companies are not new to sponsoring sport tournaments. Rival PepsiCo, for instance, had shelled out Rs 397 crore for the title sponsorship of the Indian Premier League T20 cricket tournament for five years. It had also beat Coca-Cola to bag the title sponsorship for the Indian Super League (ISL) football tournament. Coca-Cola India’s plan to buy a stake in a tournament, however, could change the rules of the game, a direct investment rather than sponsorship.
The first mover in terms of investing in the equity of a game, though, was STAR TV, which earlier restricted its role to only broadcasting. Among non-cricket sports, the broadcaster has, for instance, picked up a minority stake — in a joint venture with Reliance Industries and IMG — in the company that runs ISL.

Cabinet nod to market fund raising by PSBs  cut govt stake to52%Street sees good show after stellar year
The government today allowed public sector banks to raise up to Rs 1.60 lakh crore from markets by diluting government holding to 52 per cent in phases so as to meet Basel III capital adequacy norms.
“The quantum of capital support needed by banks is huge, which cannot be funded by budgetary support alone,” an official statement said, detailing the decision taken by the Cabinet, headed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, to allow PSBs to raise equity capital from market.
The Cabinet asked the PSBs to broadbase retail shareholding while going in for the fund raising.
Out of 27 PSBs, Government of India controls 22 through majority holding. In the remaining 5 banks, state-run SBI holds majority stake.
“If the PSBs are permitted to bring down Government holding to 52 per cent in a phased manner, they can raise up to Rs 1,60,825 crore from the market,” it said.
The Basel III norms, which will come into effect from March 31, 2019, were put in place following the 2007-08 financial crisis triggered by the fall of Lehman Brothers.
The norms are aimed at improving risk management and governance while raising the banking sector’s ability to absorb financial and economic stress.
As per Basel-Ill norms, the minimum Tier-1 has to be 7 per cent.
The total support provided to PSBs towards capitalisation during the past four years was Rs 58,634 crore, the statement said, adding the provision for the current year is at Rs 11,200 crore.
The total market cap of Government shareholding as on May 2014, stands at over Rs 4.19 lakh crore.
There are over two dozen PSBs and government holding in them is between 56.26 per cent to 88.63 per cent.
Public sector banks require equity capital of Rs 2.4 lakh crore by 2018 to meet Basel III norms.
GoI budgetary support needed for 2015-19 would be Rs 78,895 crore, which will maintain government holding at 52 per cent, the statement said.
However, as Government is likely to receive an amount of Rs 34,500 crore from PSBs as dividend, the net outgo will only be Rs 44,395 crore, it added.
“Going by past trends if we take average Gross Domestic Product (GDP) growth rate for the next five years as 6.5 percent and dividend pay-out ratio as 20 per cent as percentage of net profit or 0.80 of risk weighted assets (RWAs) and credit growth rate at 18 per cent and further RWAs growth at 16 per cent, the total capital would be over Rs 4.60 lakh crore,” the statement said.
Post Comments
More from indianmarkets

India to grow 5-6 per cent in 2015: Moodyseconomic indicator
Indian economy is expected to pick up pace in 2015, and grow in the range of 5-6 per cent, helped by strong domestic demand, rating agency Moody’s said on Wednesday.
“India will have stronger GDP growth in 2015, which we forecast at 5-6 per cent, up from around 5 per cent in 2014,” Moody’s said in a report titled ‘2015 Outlook: Global Credit Conditions’.
The country, it said, had enefited from a strong domestic demand base and diversified export markets that gav protection from the effects of a slowing Chinese economy and muted growth in the eurozone and Japan.
“Employment and consumption are likely to rise in India, and the fall in global commodity prices will help to lower high inflation in the country,” Moody’s said.
As per official estimates, economic growth in the current fiscal ending March, 2015, would be between 5.4 and 5.9 per cent. The growth had slumped to sub-5 per cent in the earlier two consecutive fiscals.
It also projected that corporates would see improved cash flows on account of acceleration in manufacturing activity.
However, Moody’s outlook on the banking system remains negative as it expects poor asset quality to require continued provisioning and strengthened capital buffers.

Top ITC execs cash in on stocks healthy runStreet sees good show after stellar year
The increased price momentum in the ITC stock has led many top executives to cash out on their holdings in the company. The share sale activity by the top in the recent past as the stock has defied concerns of a potential ban on loose cigarette sales. In the last one month, in which the stock has rallied 11%, executives have liquidated as many as 41.2 lakh shares in multiple open market operations. A list of the top share sale shows that YC Deveshwar, chairman and executive director of the Kolkata-based firm has sold 12.7 lakh shares with a total sell value of R47.5 crore. A compilation of large trades of more than 1 lakh shares shows that KN Grant, whole time director, has also sold shares worth R18.5 crore in early November.
In December alone the stock has hit multiple record highs, taking its year to date tally to 23%. As it peaked at R397.85 on Monday, the FMCG major replaced Reliance Industries as the second most valued listed firm in India boasting a market-cap of more than R3.1 lakh crore.
After observing some selling pressure as the health ministry mulled a proposal to prohibit sales of loose cigarettes, given that the cigarette business contributes more than 60% of the company’s annual revenue. However, subsequent media reports that the government is unlikely to carry out such a sanction has led to increased buying interest in the stock.
Post Comments
More from indianmarkets

States oppose GST Bill on compensation concernsStates oppose GST Bill as Centre fails to address concerns on petro tax
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 11, 2014  | 19:22 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
In a setback to the Centre, the draft Goods and Services Tax (GST) Bill was rejected by the States on Thursday on reasons that it did not address their concerns, particularly on entry tax and taxation of petroleum products.
At a meeting of the Empowered Committee of State Finance Ministers, the Centre's plan to bring petroleum goods under the new indirect tax regime was opposed. They also objected to the Constitutional Amendment Bill as it does not contain provisions for giving States compensation against any possible loss of revenue after GST roll-out for five years.
In a bid to roll out the GST, which would subsume excise and service taxes, the Centre has come out with a new Constitutional Amendment Bill.
The GST roll-out has missed several deadlines because of lack of consensus among states over certain crucial issues on the proposed new tax regime .
"There is no consensus between the Centre and States on these three things (compensation issue, petrol tax and entry tax). The Empowered Committee is not supporting the Bill without these three things," the panel's Chairman Abdul Rahim Rather said after a meeting of the state Finance Ministers.
Rather stressed that the central government would have to respect views of the States.
The States want that the Centre to compensate them for any loss of revenue on implementation of the GST for five years and a clause regarding the compensation be included in the Constitution Amendment Bill, Rather said.
The State governments are also keen on keeping the entry tax and tax on petroleum products out of the ambit of the GST.
"The government hasn't agreed to our recommendations made last time, except one recommendation. We had said that the share of Union government in GST should go to the divisible pool and should be devolved among States, that has been agreed by Centre," Rather said.  
The panel head said that the draft of the new Constitutional Amendment Bill , which was received by the Committee earlier in December, did not take on board the suggestions of the state Finance Ministers. But the panel was surprised to learn that government had agreed with only one recommendation made by the committee with regard to putting GST in divisible pool, he added.
Meanwhile, Rather welcomed the decision of the Centre to release Rs 11,000 crore to States as compensation towards the central sales tax (CST) in the current financial year.
The move will settle the claim of CST compensation up to the year 2010-11, he said, adding that the compensation for latter years would be discussed with Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley.
CST, a tax imposed on the inter-state movement of goods, was reduced from 4 per cent to 3 per cent in 2007-08 and further to 2 per cent in 2008-09 after the introduction of Value-Added Tax (VAT).
The Centre had then promised the States that it would bear losses due to reduction of CST.
FM Jaitley announced the release of additional funds to the States while replying to a discussion on supplementary demands for grants in the Lok Sabha on Wednesday.
Clearance of CST compensation arrears has been a bone of contention between Centre and States.
As part of the roll-out of GST, the CST is being phased out and has been reduced to two per cent from the earlier four per cent.
The Centre collects CST and distributes it among states.

NY investigates banks forex algorithmsNY regulator probing Barclays and Deutsche over forex algorithms
Gina Chon in Washington and Martin Arnold in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/863a7b3c-813e-11e4-896c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ministers death stirs Palestinian angerPalestinians threaten repercussions after death of minister
John Reed in Jerusalem
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/11560ad2-814f-11e4-b956-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Obama migrant plan leaves business exposedObama’s immigration policy leaves companies exposed
Barney Jopson in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8fb61048-8159-11e4-b956-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

http://usat.ly/1wkUxnbEMAIL
AP
SeaWorld Entertainment (SEAS) announced it is replacing its CEO James Atchison, the latest drama for the struggling aquatic themepark operator.
The company said Chairman David D’Alessandro would be the interim CEO starting Jan. 15, 2015. until a permanent replacement is named. Atchison will become vice chairman of the board.
SeaWorld has been struggling to maintain attendance ever since the film Blackfish put light on the company’s alleged mistreatment of animals. The company has been trying to make investments to improve the habitats for the animals, but is also undergoing a cost cutting program designed to save $50 million a year.
D’Alessandro was been chairman since 2010. Prior to that, he was president and CEO of John Hancock Financial Services. SeaWorld’s business has been under great strain amid the growing controversy. Total revenue at SeaWorld is expected to fall 6.4% this year, says S&P Capital IQ. And during 2013, revenue grew just 2.6%, the lowest rate of growth since at least 2010.
Shares of SeaWorld have left investors gasping for air. Shares have lost about half their value over the past year. Shares Thursday rose 45 cents, or 2.9%, to $16.09. Afterhours, the shares added 13 cents to $16.22.

Libya burns through its foreign reservesDecember 11, 2014 8:11 pm
Libya burns through foreign reserves to plug payments deficit
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cd84410c-813a-11e4-896c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Wipro  OnMobile Global  Auro Pharma in Focus TodayYou are here: Home Cheat Sheet
Wipro, OnMobile Global, Auro Pharma in Focus Today
NDTV | Updated On: December 12, 2014 17:54 (IST)
Tweet
The Nifty opened lower on Friday as indicated by futures trade on Singapore Stock Exchange. Foreign investors turned net sellers of Indian equities with increased intensity as they have sold stocks worth Rs 808 crore on Thursday. However domestic investors were net buyers to the tune of Rs 432 crore.
Here are the stocks to track in trade today:
Wipro: Trustees of the Wipro Inc Benefit Trust have sold more than 18 lakh shares of the company at an average market price of Rs 552.43 per share. The share sale took place between December 9 to 11, 2014 and total value of share sale was more than Rs 100 crore.
CEAT announced plans to invest Rs 400 crore to build a plant in Butibori, Nagpore, which will be set up in three phases. First tyre from that plant will roll out by April 2016.
OnMobile Global: Board of the company has approved a share buy-back programme, under which the company will buy back its shares at a price not exceeding Rs 86 per share for an aggregate amount upto Rs 49 crore.
IL&FS Engineering and Construction Company: Its subsidiary Mytas Infra Saudi Arabia (MISA) has bagged an order worth Rs 464 crore from Saudi Binladin Group for construction of a project in Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.
Aurobindo Pharma: Its board has approved a fund raising plan of $350 million dollar through issuance of equity shares through a Qualified Institutions Placement ("QIP") to qualified institutional buyers.
Tata Chemicals: As per reports the company is expected to invest around Rs 150 crore into setting up a nutraceuticals manufacturing facility in Sriperumbudur, near Chennai in next three years.
Kolte - Patil Developers has raised Rs 40 crore through issuance of secured redeemable taxable non-convertible debentures of 12.5 per cent coupon.
 

Aam Aadmi Party vows to ban Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh  activities  in DelhiIf Mamata Banerjee arrested, Bengal will be on fire: Trinamool Congress MP Idris Ali
The Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) said on Thursday if it came to power, it will not allow any activity in the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) shakhas in Delhi which is anti-national or promotes hatred towards a community.
“As per today, according to the law, the RSS is allowed to hold shakas. But if it conducts any activity which is anti-national in nature, or anything that promotes enmity towards a particular religion, which will lead to instigation of violence… then we will take action,” party’s Delhi convenor Ashutosh told a news conference here.
He was responding to a question on whether the party would take action against RSS shakas in the national capital if it comes to power.
Condemning the statement of BJP MP Sakshi Maharaj for describing Mahatma Gandhi’s assaisn as a “patriot”, he said this reflected the mentality of the BJP and the RSS.
“Their (the BJP and RSS) mentality has killed Gandhiji. Even, Sardar Patel had told the then RSS chief M S Golwalkar that it was their ideology that killed the father of the nation.
“Narendra Modi keeps on talking about Mahatma Gandhi and had launched Swachch Bharat Abhiyaan on October 2. If he respects Gandhiji so much, then stern action should be taken against Sakshi Maharaj,” Ashutosh said.
The party also demanded action against those involved in reconversions in Agra.
Post Comments
More from miscellaneous

Trust Modi  says Amit Shah in Kashmir ValleyIf Mamata Banerjee arrested, Bengal will be on fire: Trinamool Congress MP Idris Ali
Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) chief Amit Shah asked the Omar Abdullah-led Jammu and Kashmir government to give an account of Rs 1,700 crore central package meant for flood relief, as he alleged that money provided by the Centre for the development of the state does not reach the people.
“The worst floods in a century caused massive devastation here. Centre gave Rs 1,700 crores. I want to ask the state government…Omar Abdullah should answer the people of Jammu and Kashmir as to where did that money go. Why did it not reach (flood-affected)?” Shah said.
Addressing his maiden election rally in Srinagar in support of party candidate Hina Bhat, who is contesting from Amira Kadal constituency, Shah said the money provided by the Centre for the development of the state does not reach the people.
“Every year, around Rs 8,000 to Rs 10,000 crores is sent to Jammu and Kashmir for its development. Why aren’t there any facilities? There are hospital buildings, but no doctors or medicines. This kind of arrangement will not work in today’s times.
“If you want Jammu and Kashmir to move forward in the 21st century, then the state needs to come out of the traditional politics. For once, Jammu and Kashmir should associate with development, for once the people should associate with BJP and with Narendra Modi… You should trust Modi,” he said.
Shah said the BJP-led central government under Modi would provide all possible help in the future as well.
“Developing Jammu and Kashmir is the duty of the Central government, irrespective of which party is in power.
“It is the duty of the Centre to help the people of Jammu and Kashmir hit by the floods. But you tell me, if such governments remain, will the help provided by the Centre reach you?” he said.
The BJP president asked the people to support his party to take the state to new heights of development.
“If you want peace, development and tourists, then ‘lotus’ (BJP symbol) should bloom in your hearts. If you press lotus, then only will development happen,” he said.
Shah said Prime Minister Narendra Modi wanted to make Jammu and Kashmir the number one state in the country in terms of development.
“Modi wants to make Jammu and Kashmir the number one state in terms of development and for that you have to make his hands strong.
“For that to happen, such a government will have to be made in the state which believes in development and not in division. A government which will make sure that the money coming from the Centre reaches people, especially in the Valley,” Shah said here.
He said the Prime Minister has many programmes for the development of the state and people need to give the BJP an opportunity to take the state forward.
“Modi has many programmes for Kashmir. Many blueprints have been made but they can only be implemented by the state government. Give us a chance for six years and BJP will take the state forward. The people of JK have given opportunity to all, give BJP an opportunity too. I want to assure you that you will find BJP your own every time,” he said.
Shah said the state lagged behind in terms of development because the parties like NC, PDP and Congress played with the emotions of the people for the last six decades.
“I am here to tell the people of Srinagar and Kashmir Valley that many states in the country have moved ahead, but Jammu and Kashmir lagged behind. There are many states in the country where electricity is supplied to every house for 24 hours, where if a mother or a father falls ill, a phone number has to be dialled an ambulance, with all facilities, reaches within 10 minutes.
“There are many states where there are big programmes for the employment of youth. There are many states which are beautiful like Kashmir and brimming with tourist activities. I want to ask you that have those, who ruled Jammu and Kashmir for 60 years, been able to give any facility to you?” he asked.
“Is there round the clock electricity in your house? Is clean water supplied to your houses? Are your villages connected through roads? Had they governed well for the last 60 years, then (even) people from Switzerland would have come to visit Jammu and Kashmir. Only domestic tourists come here and foreign tourists do not visit the place,” he said.
Shah said the people of Kashmir gave their love to these parties for all their life, but got nothing in return.
“I want to ask you, does Kashmir Valley want to join the journey for development or not? Whether father-son or father-daughter, and Congress as well, which either goes with the father-son or the father-daughter, have done anything for Kashmir.
“These people played with your emotions for the last 60 years and kept you away from development. For the 60 years, these three parties emotionally blackmailed you and kept you away from development,” he alleged.
Post Comments
More from miscellaneous

Brent hits 5-1/2 year low of $63 on supply glutBrent
(Brent crude continued its…)
BEIJING: Brent crude continued its march downwards on Friday and dropped to a 5-1/2-year low of $63 a barrel, bringing this week's losses to more than 8 percent amid persistent concerns over a global supply glut and a bearish demand outlook.
The Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC), which accounts for a third of global oil output, cut its 2015 demand forecast to the lowest in more than a decade earlier this week.
"The recent bout of weakness has been a function of the concerns shifting a little bit more to the demand side now," said Mark Keenan, head of commodities research in Asia for Societe Generale in Singapore.
"There has been perhaps a little bit of neglect of what the demand profile's going to be like next year."
Brent slipped 23 cents to trade at $63.45 by 0524 GMT, after touching $63.00, the lowest since July 2009. Brent traded above $115 in June.
US crude was down 56 cents at $59.39, after falling more than a dollar to a low of $58.80, also the weakest since July 2009. The contract has lost about 10 percent this week.
Oil markets are now waiting for top energy consumer China to release monthly crude output and refinery data as well as money supply data later in the day for more trading cues.
Weak economic indicators could put more downward pressure on oil prices, which have been hammered this year and plunged around 40 percent over the past five months.
Remarks by Saudi Arabia's oil minister reiterating that the kingdom will not cut output and a surprise jump in US crude and distillate inventories have driven oil down prices this week.
OPEC exporters are locked in a battle for market share. Kuwait has set the official selling price for its crude sales to Asian buyers for January at $3.95 a barrel below the average of Oman/Dubai quotes, a trader said, the lowest it has been since December 2008.
The market outlook is uncertain with some speculating that other OPEC members such as Algeria and Venezuela may convince the group to hold an emergency meeting early next year. Yet others doubt that Saudi Arabia would agree to production cuts even if such a meeting is held.
"We continue to believe that the reversal for an uptrend is not in sight," Daniel Ang of Phillip Futures said in a note.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Traffic resumes after Hong Kong clears protestersBy: Associated Press | Hong Kong |
Posted: December 12, 2014 10:28 am
Traffic was back to normal Friday in Hong Kong’s financial district after authorities demolished a protest camp at the heart of the city’s two-month pro-democracy movement.
Hundreds of police officers, some armed with chain saws and bolt cutters, on Thursday methodically dismantled barricades, tore down canopies and removed banners in a daylong operation to shut the protest site sprawled across a normally busy highway.
Police said 249 people were arrested for unlawful assembly and obstructing police officers, bringing the total number of those detained since the movement began 75 days earlier to about 900.
There were no violent clashes seen in previous confrontations. The student-led protesters had occupied streets in the Admiralty neighborhood and two other areas since September 28 to protest Beijing’s restrictions on the first election of the city’s top leader.
“It’s now convenient for everybody, but I also feel very unfortunate that we can’t argue with the government,” said Ngai Tsui-kuen, a courier.
The unprecedented campaign, which began as separate protests led by student and activist groups, got a jumpstart in September when police fired dozens of tear gas rounds on a group of demonstrators angered over the prolonged detention of key student leaders.
The resulting movement paralyzed traffic, polarized public opinion and, activists said, marked the start of an era of civil disobedience in Hong Kong, an orderly Asian financial hub where residents are increasingly worried about mainland China’s increasing sway.
It also adds to the challenges for Chinese President Xi Jinping, who has taken a tough stance against dissent in other regions at the country’s edges.
On Thursday, hundreds of demonstrators heeded police warnings to leave the protest zone to avoid being arrested, but dozens remained on the street. They chanted “I want true democracy” and “We will be back” but offered no resistance as they were taken away one by one, many lifted off the ground.
“I feel very sad because it seems that the whole occupy movement is over,” said Mo Lau, a student. “But I believe that we will see more actions as our demand has not been addressed. In the short term, I think there will be a lot of demonstrations or protests.”
Among those arrested were pro-democracy media mogul Jimmy Lai, pop singer Denise Ho, veteran pro-democracy activist Martin Lee and pro-democracy legislators including Albert Ho.
Leaders from the Hong Kong Federation of Students and Scholarism, two student groups that have played key roles in organizing the protests, were also taken to police stations.
The sprawling Admiralty encampment, next to city government headquarters, was the focal point of what became known as the “Umbrella Movement” because of the protesters’ use of umbrellas to fend off police pepper spray.
The protesters reject Beijing’s restrictions on the election of the city’s continued…

European shares likely to resume sell-offEuropean shares likely to resume sell-off
Reuters
Tweet
London, Dec 12:  
European stock markets were expected to resume their losing streak on Friday, as renewed decline in oil prices hit energy stocks, while political concerns over Greece also peg back equities.
Financial spreadbetters saw Britain’s FTSE 100 opening down by 65-72 points, or 1.0-1.1 per cent lower. Germany’s DAX was expected to open down by 90-101 points, or 0.9-1.0 per cent lower, while France’s CAC 40 was seen falling by 43-47 points, or down by 1.0-1.1 per cent.
“Despite overnight gains in the US and Asia, we are expecting over 1 per cent drops for the major indices on the open,’’ said Capital Spreads dealer Jonathan Sudaria in a note.
Brent crude continued its march downwards on Friday and dropped to a 5-1/2-year low of $63 a barrel, bringing this week’s losses to more than 8 per cent amid persistent concerns over a global supply glut and a bearish demand outlook.
Greek Prime Minister Antonis Samaras had on Thursday warned that the country risked a “catastrophic’’ return to the depths of its debt crisis if his government fell, raising the stakes before a presidential vote this month.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

Investors furious over Havells  selective disclosure to analystsHavells' selective disclosure to analysts irks investors
Viveat Susan Pinto | Mumbai Dec 13, 2014 12:29 AM IST
Electrical equipment maker Havells India’s move to selectively disclose its slowing sales growth to analysts has upset shareholders.
On Wednesday, brokerages UBS and Motilal Oswal lowered the company’s revenue growth guidance for 2014-15 to 12-14 per cent from 17-20 per cent, citing weaker than expected demand recovery. This came after their meeting with the company’s management. The analyst reports also pointed to possible pension liabilities in the second half of the financial year, which could affect the company’s reported profit, and currency volatility, which might impact its margins in Latin America. Predictably, the Havells India stock tanked on bourses after a lowering of guidance. On BSE, the scrip declined six per cent on Wednesday and over nine per cent on Thursday; it was trading at Rs 265.75 a share at close on Friday. Before the guidance cut, the shares were trading at Rs 346 apiece.
“This is a breach of corporate governance norms,” said Anupam Maheshwari, a Mumbai-based Havells India investor. “I tried contacting the company to seek an explanation on why it chose to do this selectively. It should have disclosed to the stock exchanges first. The company didn’t even indicate this during its results recently. Why now?”
Havells India said in a statement to stock exchanges on Friday that there had been no event or analyst meet conducted by the company that would have required a disclosure or intimation to stock exchanges under Clause 36 of the Securities & Exchange Board of India’s (Sebi’s) listing agreement. “The company, from time to time, keeps attending investor meets organised by recognised market intermediaries, where discussions about the macro environment of the economy are made in general, and the ground situation assessed. Any discussion or information about the company is in line with publicly available information,” it said.
In response to an email, the company said it had nothing more to share beyond the statement issued to stock exchanges. Havells India Managing Director Anil Rai Gupta had on Thursday indicated in an interaction with a television channel that he was hopeful of achieving an Ebitda (earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation) margin of 13-13.5 per cent in 2014-15. But the damage now appears to have been done.
Proxy advisory firms InGovern and Stakeholders Empowerment Services (SES) are in agreement with Maheshwari over selective disclosures. “Clause 36 of Sebi’s listing agreement stipulates that companies must make timely disclosure of price-sensitive information to stock exchanges first. By not doing so, the company has violated Sebi norms,” InGovern founder Shriram Subramanian said. “By selectively disclosing information to a group of people, the company is favouring them over others. Obviously, the latter can quickly act with the information they have; this is like insider trading.”
Former executive director of Sebi and managing director of SES, J N Gupta, said: “A few investors contacted me over the Havells development and I asked them to get in touch with Sebi. These things should be avoided and companies should make efforts to be as transparent as possible.”
In March this year, former Infosys chief executive & managing director, S D Shibulal, was seen as having crossed the line when he indicated at an investors’ forum that Infosys’ revenue could be near the lower end of its 2013-14 guidance. He had also said the lower-than-expected growth in the March quarter of 2013-14 could impact the company’s growth the next financial year. He had attributed this to a slowdown faced by clients in certain industries, as well as a mismatch of skills.
The next day, the Infosys stock had fallen 8.5%, prompting proxy advisory firms like InGovern to question such a statement.

RBI  govt to discuss timeline for 2-6% inflation targetRBI, govt to discuss timeline for 2-6% inflation target
Reuters | New Delhi/Mumbai Dec 12, 2014 11:13 AM IST
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will start talks with the government for an "appropriate timeline" to ensure the economy is within a medium term inflation target of 2-6%, Governor Raghuram Rajan said on Friday.
"Going forward, we will discuss an appropriate timeline with the government in which the economy should move to the centre of the medium term inflation band of 2-6%," Rajan said in a lecture at an industry event.
Rajan added "a glide path" towards lowering inflation to those levels worked best for India by ensuring moderate economic growth.
The RBI governor also proposed a debate on whether India needed more institutions "to ensure deficits stay within control and the quality of budgets is high," noting other countries had independent bodies that provided opinions on fiscal budgets.

Coal scam: Court to order on CBI s report on...Bharat Parashar
(During the brief hearing,…)
NEW DELHI: A Special Court today reserved for December 16 its order on the CBI's closure report in the Hindalco coal blocks allocation scam case.
"Certain clarifications sought. Put up for order on December 16," Special CBI judge Bharat Parashar said.
During the brief hearing, the court asked CBI about some documents related to the case which have been mentioned in the closure report.
Responding to this, the agency's investigating officer clarified that all related documents have been filed on court record.
The court was hearing a case in which an FIR was lodged against industrialist Kumar Mangalam Birla , ex-Coal Secretary P C Parakh and others relating to allocation of Talabira II and III coal blocks in Odisha in 2005 to Hindalco.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Australian co IRL cuts jobs at HCL s Surda mineYou are here: Home > Collections > Hcl
Australian company India Resources cuts jobs at HCL's Surda mine
Rakhi Mazumdar, ET Bureau Dec 12, 2014, 11.11AM IST
Tags:
Arvind Mishra
(IRL, which has operated Surda copper…)
KOLKATA: Australian contract miner India Resources (IRL), which operates Hindustan Copper's lucrative Surda mine, said it has terminated services of 1,200 employees, following the closure of the mine due to the Jharkhand government's refusal to renew HCL's mining lease.
IRL, which has operated Surda copper mine since 2007 and lined up investment of Rs 1200 crore in mining projects in Rajasthan, says given the crisis there is now "real prospect of abandoning our plans in India."
Incidentally, both the projects were included in Prime Minister Narendra Modi's recently launched Make in India campaign.
IRL's decision, stated in an open letter to employees on December 8, came as a shock in the primarily tribal belt of Mosabani where the loss of livelihood of 1,200 full-time IRL employees is leading to social unrest. IRL will maintain only a skeletal staff of about 200 for maintenance jobs like de-watering the mine. With stoppage of work at the mine, maintenance staff too, are not being allowed to go in.
"We were forced to take the step since there is uncertainty about reopening of the mine. Our shareholders are getting anxious," IRL managing director Arvind Mishra told ET. The mine was closed following the Centre's directive on July 18 asking states to clamp down on mines operating under second or third deemed renewals.
"We had no other option, but to issue termination notices to excess employees and only carry on with some workersemployees for carrying out essential services of the mines, to keep the mine fit to start after the mining lease is renewed," Mishra said in his letter to employees. HCL is fighting its case with the state government but with Jharkhand going to polls, decision-making has come to a virtual standstill. IRL too has approached the mines ministry through the Australian high commissioner.
"We are pursuing the re-opening of our mine with state authorities.It is the best mine in Jharkhand and we are the country's only copper miner. Being an underground mine, it may get submerged due to prolonged closure. We stand to lose not only the mineral but also equipment inside the mine with little chance of reviving it," HCL's director (mining) Abhijit Ghosh said. Since 2007, mine productivity has gone up 60% to 40,000 tonnes of ore. As per the agreement, HCL pays IRL per tonne of copper concentrate.
The mine closure has given rise to a piquant situation over who will bear the cost of maintaining the mine till the lease is renewed. "Mining is fraught with several risks, from exploration to development to mine closure. In a (mine developer and operator) MDO system there has to be a logical framework of sharing and managing such risks," said Anjani Agarwal, national leader, metals and mining, E&Y.
IRL says it is unfortunate that it had to resort to job cuts when the Make in India campaign has been launched. "We brought FDI (foreign direct invesment) in mining with plans to invest further. If India wants to attract FDI in mining, investors need a certain confidence level. However, it appears even delayed paperwork can jeopardise a running mine and with it investment plans by foreign companies," Mishra added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Uber vows to improve driver verificationUber vows to improve driver verification; PM Narendra Modi seeks information on ban
Ruchika Chitravanshi & K R Balasurbramanyam, ET Bureau Dec 12, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Andhra Pradesh
(It has also emerged that…)
NEW DELHI | BENGALURU: Karnataka, the state where Uber started its Indian operations, and Andhra Pradesh, became the latest states to join a juggernaut of bans on the Internet-based taxi aggregator, even as the San Francisco-based company issued a contrite statement pledging improvement in its driver verification process.
Transport authorities in Maharashtra, however, appeared to backtrack on a 'ban' which was announced on Wednesday with the state's Transport Secretary SK Sharma saying the state was collecting information on web-based aggregators such as Uber and Ola, adding they were not banned. He, however, pointed out that the firms had started services without permission. Karnataka Transport Commissioner Rame Gowda spoke in a similar vein, saying eight taxi operators, including Ola, were authorised to operate in Bengaluru. Uber was not among them. Gowda said any taxi operator or aggregator would have to register with transport authorities if it wished to continue offering services.
It has also emerged that the country's highest political authorities are engaged with the problems besetting web-based taxi services.
At a meeting on Tuesday evening, Prime Minister Narendra Modi sought information on how the decision to ban Uber came to be taken, a senior official privy to the discussions told ET.
Senior BJP leaders including Nitin Gadkari, road transport minister and Rajnath Singh, home minister, were present in the meeting which was previously scheduled and had been called to discuss changes in the Motor Vehicles Act.
Modi was informed that the decision was taken since local BJP leaders, who were nervous about the impact of Uber incident on the upcoming Delhi elections, wanted immediate action to be taken. Responding to their demands, Singh asked Lieutenant-Governor Najeeb Jung to impose a ban on Uber and other taxi service apps, said the people familiar with the discussions
The Prime Minister's Office (PMO) did not respond to questions seeking comment on the meeting.
Modi, while taking cognisance of Gadkari's remark earlier that day that a ban was not an appropriate response, asked the transport minister to come up with steps to avoid such incidents. "New developments are taking place in transport systems through electronics. Banning the railways for train accidents, buses for bus accidents and taxis is not correct," Gadkari had told reporters outside Parliament House on Tuesday.
  The PM also asked Gadkari about provisions for "radio taxis" - a term used to refer to service providers like Meru or EasyCabs that connect customers to cans through a call centre - in the proposed act. He was told that there is a separate provision for radio taxis that brings them under the purview of the law. The road transport ministry is also attempting to create a legal framework for "aggregators" like Uber and Ola cabs which do not own their own fleet but run taxi services.
The new act would have guidelines for the states to adopt to deal with such service providers. The new version of the Motor Vehicles Act is expected to be soon discussed in the cabinet as the government is planning to introduce the bill in the winter session.
The Prime Minister did not comment on the decision taken by Singh to put a blanket ban on taxi apps.
The ban on the tax-hailing apps comes at a time when Modi's vision of creating a 'Digital India' is a major priority for the government.
In the statement issued on Thursday, Uber said the "events of this week have made us reflect on our operations in India and we are immediately undertaking a number of important actions." Confirming the suspension of operations in New Delhi, it said it was carrying out "a full audit of our verification, rider feedback and support processes".
"Second, we are assessing all driver screening processes. We are evaluating additional screening options to include background checks on all our driver partners in India above and beyond what is currently required. Third, we will also bring in our global best practices where it would enhance our India safety efforts," Uber went on to say.
(With inputs from Mumbai and Hyderabad bureaus)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex slips into red  GAIL cracks 4%  Airtel up 2%; top stock ideasYou are here: Home > Collections
Sensex rangebound; top 10 stocks in focus
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 12, 2014, 11.32AM IST
Tags:
Bharti Airtel
(The Nifty opened on a positive…)
MUMBAI: The Nifty opened on a positive note led by gains in technology, banks and healthcare sectors even as the Asian markets remained subdued.
The government will release the Index of Industrial Production (IIP) data for October 2014 which is expected to contract, compared to October. Inflation based on Consumer Price Index (CPI) for October 2014 will also be announced and expectations are that it will be well below 5 per cent.
At 11:28 a.m.; the 50-share index was at 8,292.45, down 0.45 points or 0.02 per cent. It touched a high of 8,321.90 and a low of 8,285.25 in trade today.
The S&P BSE Sensex was at 27,585.1, down 16.91 points or 0.06 per cent. It touched a high of 27,692.32 and a low of 27,570.34 in trade today.
Here is a list of ten stocks which are likely to be in focus today:
Tech Mahindra Ltd: Software services firm Tech Mahindra has expanded its facility in Bhubaneswar providing new job opportunities to over 600 persons.
Reliance Industries Ltd: Reliance Industries has named former UK judge Sir Bernard Rix as its arbitrator in the KG-D6 cost recovery dispute with the government in place of former Chief Justice of India S P Bharucha who quit last week.
TCS Ltd: Tata Consultancy Services (TCS), India's largest information-technology services player, is learnt to be undergoing a restructuring exercise. The workforce optimisation programme, in the planning stage, is expected to be over in February 2015, said media reports.
Essar group shares will be in focus: In one of the biggest oil deals, Essar Group signed a $ 10 billion contract to import crude oil from Russia over a 10-year period.
Tata Power Ltd: Seeking to strengthen its international footprint, Tata Power , along with Russian sovereign wealth fund RDIF, will explore investment opportunities in the Russian energy sector.
NMDC Ltd: Indian mining company NMDC signed a memorandum of understanding with Akron to buy a stake in a potash mine in Russia, an official said on Thursday.
OnMobile Global Ltd: The company has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company have decided on Buy-Back of Company's equity shares of Rs. 10/- each from open market through stock exchange mechanism, at a price not exceeding Rs. 86/- per equity share.
OMCs will be in focus after the price of oil fell below $60 for the first time since July 2009 on Thursday and ended trading in New York at $59.95.
Wipro Ltd: Wipro said trustees of the Wipro Inc Benefit Trust have sold more than 18 lakh shares of the country's third-largest software firm in a deal estimated to be worth over Rs 100 crore.
Allahabad Bank: Rating agency Crisil has assigned a "low credit risk with negative outlook" rating to Allahabad Bank's proposed Rs 500 crore tier-II bonds to be raised this fiscal.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mkt s 35% gain unlikely to be replicated in 2015: Blackrock08:00 am
The Indian market has gained close to 35 percent this year but is unlikely to replicate that in 2015, says Ewen Cameron Watt, Global Chief Investment Strategist, Blackrock Investment. He does not see this market correcting 15-20 percent anytime soon. 
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Watt says there is a lot of value in the midcaps and they will continue to outperform largecaps going ahead.
On current fall in crude prices, Watt says the fall is good as it will support developing economies like India.
Below is verbatim transcript of the interview:
Q: India has been the best performing market this year, do you expect this outperformance to continue in 2015? If yes, do you think the 35 percent gains will be replicated?
A: I don' think it will be as big a performance in next year as it was this year and that is simply because a year back investors in India did not know what the outcome of the election was going to be and they were still recovering from the balance of payments (BoP) crisis towards the end of 2013.
So, it is difficult to see a year on despite the very strong intentions of the government on pick up in the business cycle. It is difficult to see another 35 percent in a year because the markets have already risen a fair bit and the currency has strengthened.
However, I still think it looks like a decent outcome for next year because we are seeing the business cycle picking up, we will see some reforms being announced through the winter session of the Lok Sabha. Of course the fall in the oil price gives the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) a good chance to cut rates.
The rates can be cut a bit more than what people expect next year because the inflation risk will be quite low.
Q: When do you expect the first rate cut from the RBI and would you be bullish on rate sensitives?
A: The RBI has pretty much indicated that the first quarter of the year sometime is when they would expect to start cutting rates. Now whether or not rate sensitive stocks do as well and continue to do as well, that really depends if the inflation turns out, risk turns out to be quite low and then the RBI cuts by over the course of this next year, 100 basis points rather than 50 basis points or so that people are currently discussing then you will see another bid for rate sensitives.
However, the theme of the consumers, the theme of infrastructure investment, theme of buying corporate earnings recovery will play the Indian market in 2015.
We are now starting to see midcap and smallcap outperforming largecap and that is consistent with domestic investors starting to buy equity funds, getting back into the equity market and we see a lot of value in the midcap area.
Q: We have seen a bit of slowdown in Indian equities in the last two weeks, do you expect any meaningful correction anytime soon?
A: It depends what you mean by correction. If you are talking about 15-20 percent decline, I think that is unlikely. I think there is enough money waiting on the sidelines so I would look on that as an opportunity. It is much more a question of remaining of the view that the government will deliver reform.
The higher the shares prices go the greater the expectations become and therefore, the greater the chances of mild disappointment. So I think a pause at this stage, maybe sideways period for a while is good and doesn't derail the fundamental story.
Q: Coming back to global growth would you be worried about the growth slowdown in several large economies or would you believe that declining crude is going to be good for most economies so a turnaround is around the corner?
A: The single most fundamental thing that is worth discussing here was what is the reason for and the impact of the decline in the oil price, because the reasons are to do with slowing growth in demand and an increase in supply and that will help economies that are substantial users of energy and it will hurt economies that are substantial producers of energy. The biggest change has been the 30-40 percent decline in the oil price which is a massive stimulus for global consumption.
So, if you work in United States and you had an average income and now you are able to buy nearly eight gallons of gasoline and a year ago you could only buy five. So, this is good deflation because it has increased your purchasing power.
The other thing is that the deflation risk arising from the decline in energy which people think about a lot is good from an asset market point of view because it will keep governments with a fairly loose monetary policy; it does stimulate demand because of the lower prices.
Q: What kind of gains do you see for the Indian market in 2015?
A: Less than 35 percent. I am not going to predict an exact number but it is important to think about the direction and the direction should be positive. It should be moving enough to just suffice for the fluctuations in prices you get from time to time for any equities.
Q: What are your sectoral bets? Will you stick to economy-related cyclical stocks or do you simultaneously raise exposure in the familiar defensives like IT and pharma?
A: In an accelerating economy where interest rates are coming down, buying defensive stocks, buying stable businesses does not give you a lot of performance. There will still be rate sensitives, consumer, some of the infrastructure names but not all of them and midcap looks quite interesting on a valuation ground as I said.
RELATED NEWS

Rajan believes Urjit Patel s  glide path  fits India wellRajan believes 'glide path' towards lower inflation fits India well
Neelasri Barman | Mumbai Dec 12, 2014 11:57 AM IST
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Raghuram Rajan believes ‘an Urjit Patel glide path’ fits the country well for ensuring moderate growth even while the economy disinflates.
“A ‘Volker’-like disinflation was never on the cards in India, but an Urjit Patel glide path fits us very well, ensuring moderate growth even while we disinflate. Going forward, we will discuss with the government an appropriate timeline within which the economy should move to the centre of the medium-term inflation band of 2-6%,” said Rajan at the Bharat Ram Memorial Lecture in New Delhi.
A committee headed by RBI Deputy Governor Urjit Patel had earlier recommended a ‘glide path’ to disinflation. RBI will be looking to reduce headline retail inflation to 6% by March 2015. The core recommendation of the central bank panel was to ultimately bring the retail inflation rate down to 4% (plus or minus 2%).
In its fifth bi-monthly monetary policy review earlier this month, RBI had kept the repo rate unchanged at 8%, while Rajan had highlighted that risks to the January 2016 target of 6% retail inflation appeared evenly balanced under the current policy stance.
Rajan reiterated that the central bank’s focus on primarily keeping inflation low and stable would ensure the best conditions for growth. “In reacting to developments, however, the central bank has to recognise that emerging markets are not as resilient as industrial economies. So, the path of disinflation cannot be as steep as in an industrial economy, because an emerging market is more fragile, and people’s buffers and safety nets are thinner,” said Rajan.
November data for the Consumer Price Index (CPI)-based inflation are expected later on Friday; most expect it to ease below 5%. The inflation rate had risen to 5.52% the previous month.
“Domestic demand-led growth is notoriously difficult to manage, and typically leads to excess. Therefore, we need to strengthen domestic macroeconomic institutions, so that we can foster sustainable and stable growth. At the same time, we cannot let foreign markets shrink further, and we have to take up the fight for an open global system,” Rajan said.

Trillion dollar IT trade deal on a knife-edge at WTOIT trade deal worth trillion dollars on a knife-edge at WTO
Tom Miles     Geneva   Last Updated: December 12, 2014  | 15:05 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
A trillion dollar deal at the World Trade Organization (WTO) to reduce tariffs in the vast information technology sector will stand or fall in the next 24 hours, trade diplomats said on Thursday.
However, late on Thursday, a trade official involved with the talks said a deal would be very unlikely because of a stand-off between South Korea and China, which was refusing all attempts to broker a compromise.
Countries representing 97 per cent of global IT commerce are trying to agree on expanding the WTO's IT Agreement, which would be the first global agreement on tariff cuts in over a decade.
The accord would reduce tariffs on products such as medical equipment, GPS devices, video games consoles and next-generation semiconductors, cutting more than 200 tariff lines to zero.
"We have in front of us the most far reaching market access package made in the WTO since 1996, worth more than 1 trillion euros of world trade," European Union Ambassador Angelos Pangratis, chair of the talks, said on Thursday.
"However, while the finalisation of the negotiations appears certainly within reach, there is still some distance, small compared with the long way we have already gone, which needs to be bridged," Pangratis told envoys in the WTO's General Council.
Some delegations needed to consult their ministries, but the deal needed to be done on Friday or not at all, the EU Ambassador said. "Later it will not be easier, rather the contrary. Now is the moment," he added.
Countries negotiating the package have set themselves a goal of reaching an accord by a meeting of the WTO's General Council this week. Although the deadline is an artificial one, the vast majority of states are happy with the deal on the table, and further delay raises the risk that it might unravel.
The talks got a boost in November after a US-Chinese compromise removed a long-standing block to progress - a Chinese demand for a large number of exemptions.
China was now sticking rigidly to the letter of that bilateral deal with the United States and refusing to adapt it in ways that would assuage the concerns of other WTO members, said the trade official involved in the talks, who spoke on conditions of anonymity.
China had refused compromise options put forward by the South Korean delegation and WTO Director General Roberto Azevedo and had not made any suggestions of its own, the same official said.
A senior official at South Korea's trade ministry said on Friday that there were a few products at issue with China, including LCD screens.
"(South Korea) is contacting the Chinese officials through various channels and are at present waiting for their response to our latest proposal," the official said without elaborating and declining to be identified.
"I don't know what (the countries) will do after today but they will probably have to set another schedule if a deal fails to be reached this time," the official added.
Chinese officials in Geneva were not immediately available to comment.
(Reuters)

Get rich in 2015: Macquarie tells you which realty stocks to buy/sellShare on Tumblr
Macquarie sees glimmers of optimism in 2015 after two choppy years for Asian real estate stocks. India specifically, the brokerage feels rents for office segment are rising gradually as demand is picking up and good quality supply remains scarce. It also that rents for retail segment are rising as expectations of consumption growth are returning while capital values of residential segment have stabilised.
So, in this time of uncertainity which realty stocks you should buy or sell in 2015?
 

Buy USDINR around 62.40; target 62.65: ReligareLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy USDINR around 62.40; target 62.65: Religare
Religare Retail Research has come out with its technical outlook on currencies. According to the research firm, one can buy USDINR around  62.40 levels keeping a stop loss of 62.28 for a target of 62.65
Post your opinion here
 
Religare Retail Research's technical outlook on currencies
USDINR pair is like-ly to extend its gains in today’s session with 62.80 being the immedi-ate hurdle for the bulls. Support for the day is residing at 62.40 levels.
USDINR : Buy around 62.40 with a stop loss of 62.28 for a target of 62..65
EURINR : Buy around 77.90 with a stop loss of 77.78 for a target of 78.20
GBPINR : Buy around 98.00 with a stop loss of 97.88 for a target of 98.30
JPYINR : Buy around 52.60 with a stop loss of 52.48 for a target of 52.85
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Rajan for incentivising domestic savingsRajan for incentivising domestic savings
Nifty below 8 300; Oil shares dragNifty below 8 300; Oil shares drag
$1.1 bn World Bank loan for eastern freight corridor$1.1 bn World Bank loan for eastern freight corridor
Delhi High Court Imposes Sanctions on Xiaomi over Ericsson Patent Infringement Case; Phone Sales Banned in IndiaDelhi High Court Imposes Sanctions on Xiaomi over Ericsson Patent Infringement Case; Phone Sales Banned in India
Oil Extends Losses in AsiaOil Extends Losses in Asia
OPPO R5 smartphone coming soon to India at Rs 25 000-Rs 30 000OPPO R5 smartphone coming soon to India at Rs 25 000-Rs 30 000
Realty stocks lead the lossesRealty stocks lead the losses
OnMobile shares soar five percent as stock buy-back approvedOnMobile shares soar five percent as stock buy-back approved
Foxconn to suspend India operations from December 24Foxconn to suspend India operations from December 24
Bank of Maharashtra to issue bonds of Rs 500crDec 12, 2014, 01.15 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Bank of Maharashtra to issue bonds of Rs 500cr
Bank of Maharashtra has informed BSE that the Bank is proposing to issue AT1 Basel III compliant Bonds of Rs 500 crore with Green Shoe Option of Rs 500 crore. The Bank is calling for quotes / bids from merchant bankers / arrangers to participate in the above issue.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Bank of Maharashtra to issue bonds of Rs 500cr
Bank of Maharashtra has informed BSE that the Bank is proposing to issue AT1 Basel III compliant Bonds of Rs 500 crore with Green Shoe Option of Rs 500 crore. The Bank is calling for quotes / bids from merchant bankers / arrangers to participate in the above issue.
Post your opinion here
 
Bank of Maharashtra has informed BSE that the Bank is proposing to issue AT1 Basel III compliant Bonds of Rs. 500 Crore (Rupees Five Hundred Crore only) with Green Shoe Option of Rs. 500 Crore (Rupees Five Hundred Crore only).The Bank is calling for quotes / bids from merchant bankers / arrangers to participate in the above issue.Source : BSE

Tech biggest wealth creator in last five years  says Motilal Oswal studyTech biggest wealth creator for equity investors in last five years, says Motilal Oswal study
Sachin P Mampatta | Mumbai Dec 12, 2014 01:01 PM IST
The technology sector which  faced severe distress at the time of the 2008 financial crisis has emerged as the biggest wealth creator from 2009 onward, according to the 19th Annual Wealth Creation Study by Motilal Oswal Securities. The best sector for wealth creation over the 2009-14 period has been the technology sector as it has created Rs.7.1 lakh crore in investor wealth.
The next biggest sector to create wealth has been auto sector, which grew at a compounded annual growth rate of 41%, with profits after tax growing at 60%. The profits were led by a "major profit turnaround in Tata Motors' overseas subsidiary JLR", according to the study.
The study says that the the overall outlook for the market remains robust and there is significant room for upside. "Subject to global factors, market cap/GDP of 77% leaves room for about 50% upside over the next 2 years as market cap heads towards parity with GDP."
The study is led by value investor and the joint MD and promoter of Motilal Oswal – Mr Raamdeo Agrawal. An equity research stalwart, Mr. Agrawal analyses the most consistent, the fastest and the biggest value creators in the Indian equity universe every year. Though the study is done every year, the report is a reference point of sorts. 

Power Ministry rules our direct regulation of tariffPower Ministry rules out direct regulation of tariff
Anindita Dey | Mumbai Dec 12, 2014 01:18 PM IST
The Ministry of Power has ruled out any direct regulation of power tariff as it will be detrimental to the efforts done by both the government and efficient power companies in streamlining the power generation, distribution and transmission.
 
While these activities entail cost but in the long run this strategy will reduce the total cost of supply of electricity to the consumer. On one hand, the government cannot empahsise discovery of tariff through competitive  bidding  which is a parameter based on market driven efficiency and on the other hand, contemplate to put  regulate the tariff, said official sources.
The issue of regulating power tariff has been suggested as an internal recommendation to bring down the overall cost of power for consumers.
 
In fact, the ministry has launched an integrated power development scheme at a total financial outlay of Rs 76,623 crore for strengthening of sub transmission and distribution networks in the urban areas, metering of distribution transformers/ feeders/ consumers in the urban areas and enablement of the distribution sector through information technology (IT).
All distribution companies including private sector and state power departments will be eligible for financial assistance under this scheme.
One salient feature of the scheme which differentiates it from other scheme is that the financial assistance is for both  development of distribution network for power generated from both conventional and  non conventional sources like solar panels, wind mills etc. 
However, if private distribution companies take financial assistance, the scheme has to be run through a state government agency or state owned companies who will own the assets to be handed over to the private company over a mutually agreed period of time.
Power Finance company is the nodal agency for approval of the scheme and funds will be released in phases upon completion of agreed milestones in the agreement.
The ministry is of the view that it will be too short sighted measure when the overall sector is moving towards an overhaul both in terms of fuel supply, optimization of operations, adopting new business models.
 
In fact the ministry has decided to increase the share of renewable, in addition to the generation capacity addition target of 88,537 MW from conventional sources.
While the capacity addition of about 30,000 MW has been planned from Renewable sources during 12th Five Year Plan, the cumulative installed capacity of renewable power is expected to be 55,000 MW by March 2017.

Clock ticks over US spending billClock ticks over US spending bill as immigration tensions simmer
Megan Murphy in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f05c2f5a-79a1-11e4-9e81-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The worst-kept secretshutterstock/alex saberi
BUSINESS LINE NayanTara Maya Oberoi
A legend for its prices, its stretchy happy hours and its greasy menu, 4S in Delhi is a dive with no complexes… No wonder, wherever I am in the world, I look for 4S
I’ve been trying not to write about my favourite place in the world, since singing its praises has previously backfired, making finding a spot there harder than getting a French visa extension. 4S is now Delhi’s worst-kept secret, and the less people know about it, the better. Still, when the editor told me she had resigned herself to my sneaking an ode to 4S past her, I could no longer restrain myself.
For someone who likes complicated cocktails and bars with gimmicks like teacups, cats, passwords, or basic levels of hygiene, 4S is an atypical choice. But it is, without exaggeration, my favourite bar. I’ve been going there for over a decade, as my stomach lining will attest. (Eat there at your own peril. No, there is no justification for the Crispy Tofu Triangle Peanut Butter Sauce. And yes, even Defence Colony patriots stay away from the ‘Taste of Def Col’ chicken wings.)
A legend for its prices, its stretchy happy hours, and its greasy menu (the frying theme extends even to the ice cream), 4S is a dive with no complexes, a bulwark against all the underwhelming new places in Delhi, and all the hip ‘concept’ bars (please stop bringing me ‘deconstructed’ drinks and making me do all the work).
The interior is a deep-fried golden brown, the rexine is squishy, certain tables are wobbly and others sticky. The loos can be demoralising, and the music is strictly pre-1990. For décor, they have flatscreen TVs, an aquarium that may or may not be the provenance of the fish fingers, and one very luxuriant moustache.
The above-mentioned moustache belongs to Rajinder Chauhan, who stands guard outside, with a pistol-shaped cigarette lighter, and a delighted smile for everybody. Inside, the rest of the staff, led by PK, the manager, is just as welcoming; they remember you and your drink, and appear at your elbow just when you need more ice or interior-desecrating chilli lamb.
This friendly atmosphere and the close-packed tables make for a very sociable bar. Although you might encounter the odd unwelcome chat-up line or two, the staff would never stand for any of their customers, especially women on their own, being harassed, as Chauhan once told me. That’s one of the many reasons 4S endures.
Sadly, my love for 4S is somewhat one-sided. Though they’re always happy to see me, they don’t miss me like I miss them. And I haven’t been initiated into the secret inner circle, which is invited to sample PK’s legendary meat curry. Still, every time I go, the staff smiles, and they conjure up a table, and they already know what I want. “Vodka-tonic, lime juice, chilli potatoes, kung pao chicken?” they say, beaming, as if it’s my name.
Wherever I am in the world, I try to find the local 4S, for comparison’s sake. Every city has one. In Kolkata, I am told, it’s Oly Pub, and in Bengaluru, Koshy’s. In Mumbai, my friend Neha assures me, the 4S of the south is Gokul, while the 4S of the north is Janata. (I’m inclined to agree; Janata even scores points over 4S for having prawns Koliwada on their menu). In Brighton, there are two contenders — the Basketmakers’s Arms, and the Druid’s Head. In Budapest, I suspect it’s the Szimpla Kert, in the ruins of an abandoned Soviet building.
In Paris, I’m still evaluating the possibilities. Despite its frou-frou reputation, Paris is a surprisingly grungy city, and many old-school bars are as impervious to décor, prices or cocktail trends as 4S. Based on popularity and pricing, Aux Folies, a graffiti-ed bar that spills over into the alley outside — always full, always cheap, always welcoming — is a contender, although the waitstaff’s lumbersexual beards are just a hair too hip. For peculiar smell, there is the dirt-cheap Bar Dix, which only serves sangria, among prints that haven’t changed since the 19th century, and an odour that implies someone has been assassinated in one of the wine barrels. And going by a long happy hour and a total disregard for changing times, there is the unpretentious Clair de Lune, a traditional zinc bar in Montmartre with a retro neon sign above the counter. They play Eye of the tiger in the afternoons and reggae in the evenings, and the entire neighbourhood can be found here: burly men with their cloudy Ricards, young couples out for an apéro, office colleagues, harassed mothers, and an old lady who will leave in a huff if they run out of peanuts.
The jury is still out, but in the meantime, please don’t go to 4S. It’s hard enough getting a table without all of you muscling in too.
(Naintara Maya Oberoi is a food writer based in Paris. Follow her on twitter @naintaramaya )
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

Angry Birds go to schoolTweet
The mobile game’s Finnish maker is bringing educational aids to classrooms around the world
The Angry Birds are coming to school. It’s not surprising, considering the second largest market on the planet is education (food is first), that the maker of the addictive mobile game is looking to enter classrooms across the world. Following four years of R&D, Finland-based Rovio has started rolling out its educational products in China and Brazil. In two years, it expects this vertical to be its largest revenue generator.
“It all started when we hired some people from the publishing industry who had worked on educational books. We realised that some of our characters really engage people, and engagement is the key to education,” Peter Vesterbacka, who holds the puzzling designation of Rovio’s Mighty Eagle, said on the sidelines of the Open Innovations Conference in Moscow. Open Innovations is one of Russia’s largest technology events, hosting participants from across continents.
A Rovio team went around the world studying school education. In Finland, schooldays are short and kids hardly get homework. Yet, it’s one of the most successful systems in the world. Countries like Korea, Japan and China too have impressive education standards but kids spend 10-12 hours on schoolwork. “Our approach was to not go the Tiger Mom way. In the Asian model, kids deliver results but it comes at a high cost. We want to make learning fun, an addiction in fact,” Vesterbacka says. So the base of the Rovio model is the Finnish system. To that, they added what they learned through collaborations with leading institutions to come up with their Rovio pedagogy. The popular Angry Birds characters will appear in some lessons — “where they add value” — but don’t form the core of the narrative.
The base philosophy of Rovio’s education business is to not disconnect students from their worlds. Urban kids begin playing games on smartphones and iPads at an early age. Then they go to school, where they are asked to switch off these gadgets and pay attention to the voice of one teacher. It is inevitable that they enjoy it less and absorb even less. In Finland, research showed that boys spoke better English than girls because they played more video games, which were in English. The company’s philosophy then became one of achieving accidental learning — learning while not realising you’re being taught.
Rovio’s educational products are currently made for the early learning category — preschoolers and kids aged three to six; it will build on these products for kids of all ages. The company is partnering with some world-class organisations, including NASA, for its space modules, CERN for interesting ways of teaching physics, especially particle physics, and National Geographic.
Interestingly, last year 47 per cent of Rovio’s revenues came from the sale of physical products — Angry Birds soft toys and such like. The education business too isn’t reliant entirely on technology. “We have built our education system in such a way that we can deploy it even when it’s not digital. So we can go to Africa — to a village that does not have electricity — and still be able to teach kids using these products. That’s not the best way of doing it. But it’s important not to get carried away by technology,” Vesterbacka says.
This is not Rovio’s first brush with children. Last year, they ran Code Week in the US. Using characters from games, Vesterbacka says, they introduced 30 million kids to coding in a week. This year, they extended the programme to the European Union. Soon, it plans to add India, Russia and China to the list.
In India, too, small and large companies focused on improving education have sprung up in the last few years. The Indian market is massive in size — consulting firm Technopak pegs educational software and other expertise providers to be a $15-billion market with potential to grow 15 per cent CAGR. It pinpoints mobile devices, digital content and learning devices as the most promising technologies in the Indian context. Unsurprisingly, the number of players and interested venture capital investors is high. In fact, the latest entrant is rumoured to be Nandan Nilekani, whose Ek Step venture is expected to be announced next month.
(The writer visited Open Innovations at the invitation of Moscow Convention Bureau)
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

Delhi rape: Uber banned in Capital; accused driver sent to police custody till Dec 11Comments
A Delhi court sent on Monday an Uber taxi driver accused of raping a 25-year-old executive to police custody for three days as the state government banned the taxi booking service which came under fire for hiring the driver without background checks.
 
Police said Shiv Kumar Yadav, 32 had earlier spent nearly two years in jail from 2011 over another rape charge before being acquitted last year when the victim allegedly turned hostile and the court found contradictions in her statement.
Police escort Uber taxi driver and accused rapist Shiv Kumar Yadav following his court appearance in New Delhi. (AFP photo)
On Friday night, Yadav allegedly raped an executive from a Gurgaon-based finance company in north Delhi's Sarai Rohilla before dropping her home, sparking outrage in the city weeks before the second anniversary of the fatal gangrape of a 23-year-old medical student in a moving bus.
Although the driver threatened to kill her if she reported the crime to police, the woman took a photo of the car's number plate before alerting the authorities.
 
Police tracked Yadav down and arrested him on Sunday from his home town Mathura,160 kilometers (100 miles) south of New Delhi, where he had fled.
'Uber misled passenger with app, flouted rules'
He refused to participate in an identification line-up after police told the court they had not yet recovered the mobile phone he used during the incident.
Meanwhile, Uber faced criticism for hiring the cab driver without the mandatory police verification. It initially could not produce the call records of the accused as the server was located in the US.
"Keeping in view the violation and the horrific crime committed by the driver, the transport department has banned all activities relating to providing any transport service by the www.Uber.com with immediate effect," said a statement by the transport department.
"The transport department has also blacklisted the company from providing any transport service in the National Capital Territory (NCT) of Delhi in future."
The department also alleged Uber had flouted transport rules and "misled" the passenger with its app.
"M/s Uber also misled the commuter about the nature of the taxi service offered by the "Uber App," it said.
Special commissioner Deepak Mishra said early investigations showed GPS had not been installed in the taxi and police background checks were not conducted on the driver.
 
San Francisco-based Uber had earlier issued a statement saying its thoughts were with the young woman and it was working with the government to address the issue.
 
The criticism of Uber comes at a time when the company has faced critical news coverage over its driver screening in the United States and could spell trouble across the globe for the company.
 
Anger mounted in New Delhi where a crowd of angry protesters rallied outside the home minister's residence, demanding more action by officials to ensure safety for women.
 
"The shocking incident of rape of a young woman in a cab on Friday night exposes the alarming situation about lack of women safety in the national capital," the Aam Aadmi Party said in a statement.
Uber on back foot
Uber tried to shift some of the blame on to the Delhi government for the failure to do background checks on the accused cab driver.
Uber CEO Travis Kalanick issued a statement following, terming the incident horrific.
"What happened over the weekend in New Delhi is horrific. Our entire team's hearts go out to the victim of this despicable crime. We will do everything, I repeat, everything to help bring this perpetrator to justice and to support the victim and her family in her recovery.
"We will work with the government to establish clear background checks currently absent in their commercial transportation licensing programs. We will also partner closely with the groups who are leading the way on women's safety here in New Delhi and around the country and invest in technology advances to help make New Delhi a safer city for women," the statement said.
A day after police served a notice on the firm, Madhur Verma, deputy commissioner of Delhi Police (North), said, "Every violation by Uber will be evaluated and we'll go for legal recourse. The police would take legal advice before opting to press a criminal or civil case.
(With inputs from agencies)

Grouse is sacrificed for US budget peaceGrouse is sacrificed for US budget peace
Barney Jopson, Megan Murphy and Gina Chon in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d861d3a6-8094-11e4-872b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Prabhu Chavan caught zooming in on Priyankas photo in AssemblyUpdated: December 12, 2014 23:33 IST
Prabhu Chavan caught zooming in on Priyanka’s photo in Assembly
K. Jeevan Chinnappa
DRAWING ATTENTION: When the Assembly proceedings began on Wednesday, BJP MLA for Aurad, Prabhu Chavan (left), walked in carrying a basket of rejected ration cards on his head. Photo: D.B. Patil
VIDEO
  Politicos slam BJP MLA caught looking at Priyanka Gandhi's photo in Karnataka Assembly
U.B. Banakar seen playing games on cellphone during session
In yet another case of alleged “inappropriate” behaviour of an MLA inside the Legislative Assembly, the BJP MLA for Aurad, Prabhu Chavan, was caught by television cameras viewing and zooming in on a photo of Priyanka Gandhi Vadra on his mobile phone on Wednesday.
Mr. Chavan did not realise that his act would be caught on camera and the images of him zooming in on Ms. Vadra’s picture would be played repeatedly on television channels later in the day.
Widespread criticism
The act triggered widespread criticism, embarrassing the Opposition Bharatiya Janata Party, which was flexing muscles and taking on the government on the floor of the House.
Soon after the incident, Mr. Chavan maintained that he had zoomed in on Ms. Vadra’s picture “only to read the caption below”. He told reporters that he should not have carried the smart phone to the Assembly when the proceedings were going on.
Reacting to the episode, Chief Minister Siddaramaiah said such an “objectionable” behaviour was not new to the BJP. “It is left to the Speaker to decide on any disciplinary action,” he said.
This is not the first time a BJP MLA has been caught indulging in “inappropriate” behaviour in the Assembly. The then BJP Ministers in the D.V. Sadananda Gowda government Laxman Savadi, C.C. Patil and Krishna Palemar were caught watching a porn clip on a mobile phone when the Assembly was in session. The incident resulted in a public outcry and the BJP later sacked the Ministers.
On Wednesday, another BJP MLA, U.B. Banakar, was shown by TV channels allegedly playing games on his mobile phone during the session. Mr. Chavan’s episode happened after he put up a novel show in the Assembly. As the gong signalling the start of the Assembly proceedings went on at the Suvarna Soudha on Wednesday morning and MLAs started walking in, Mr. Chavan entered the House carrying a basket of rejected ration cards on his head.
Reprimanded
He wanted to draw the attention of the government to the BPL ration cards that were rejected in his constituency during the revision exercise. His experiment, however, was short-lived as the marshals rushed in to confiscate the basket, sparing the cards. Mr. Chavan later put a garland of the cards around his neck, only to be reprimanded by Speaker Kagodu Thimmappa.
RELATED NEWS

Nokia s Here map for Android now available on Google Play; not limited to Samsung Galaxy phones anymoreDec 11, 2014 at  12:12pm IST
Nokia's Here map for Android now available on Google Play; not limited to Samsung Galaxy phones anymore
42
1
New Delhi: Nokia's Here map, which was earlier restricted to Samsung Galaxy phone Android users , is now available for other Android devices. The app, which is an alternative to Google Maps, is available to download for free from the Google Play store.
The app you can download from Google Play brings voice-guided navigation for 18 new countries and territories - Algeria, Angola, Bangladesh, Burkina Faso, Côte d'Ivoire, Cyprus, Iraq, Libya, Mauritania, Mauritius, Nepal, Paraguay, Saint Helena, Senegal, Sri Lanka, Suriname, Zambia, Zimbabwe. The addition of these 18 new countries brings the total number of freely navigable countries to 118.
The Nokia Here app for Android is designed to run on Android devices running Android 4.1 (Jelly Bean) and higher. The company plans to launch Here for iOS in early 2015.
The Nokia Here app for Android is designed to run on Android devices running Android 4.1 (Jelly Bean) and higher.

Modi  Putin discuss defence  energyNEW DELHI, December 11, 2014
Updated: December 12, 2014 01:52 IST
Modi, Putin discuss defence, energy
Suhasini Haidar
Tweet
Reuters
Vladimir Putin and Narendra Modi prepare to light an Indian lamp during the inauguration of World Diamond Conference in New Delhi.
The Hindu
Russian President Vladimir Putin and Prime Minister Narendra Modi during a meeting at the Hyderabad House in New Delhi on Thursday. Photo: R. V. Moorthy
The Hindu
Russian President Vladimir Putin and Prime Minister Narendra Modi during a meeting at the Hyderabad House in New Delhi on Thursday. Photo: R. V. Moorthy
The Hindu
Russian President Vladimir Putin being welcomed by Petroleum Minister Dharmendra Pradhan during his arrival in New Delhi on Wednesday. Photo: V. Sudershan
VIDEO
India
Russia will remain India’s foremost defence partner, Prime Minister Narendra Modi told Russian President Vladimir Putin on Thursday while announcing that Russia had accepted India’s offer to jointly manufacture light-utility helicopters.
India and Russia announced a $10-billion oil deal for Indian company Essar with Russian oil giant ROSNEFT to import about 10 million tonnes of crude oil over the next decade. The two sides also signed seven agreements on atomic energy, military training and health while Mr Modi and President Putin oversaw the signing of 13 commercial contracts.
Though no new defence deals were signed, Mr Modi said “Russia will remain our most important defence partner.” The comment came after months of speculation over a strain in India-Russia defence ties, heightened by Russia’s defence agreement with Pakistan and India diversifying its weapons and aircraft purchases, even though Russia still accounts for 70% of India’s defence inventory.
Times have changed, our friendship has not. Now, we want to take this relation to the next level & this visit is a step in that direction:PM
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) December 10, 2014
12 new reactors
The highlight of the meeting — part of an annual summit between the two countries — was the unveiling of a vision statement on atomic energy cooperation, where Russian nuclear agency ROSATOM and the Department of Atomic Energy and NPCIL have agreed to build at least 12 new reactors supplied by Russia over the next 20 years.
According to officials, 10 of the reactors will be built near the existing Kudankulam nuclear power project, while the Indian government is yet to notify the location for two others.
The bond between the people of Russia & India is very strong. Our nations have stood by each other through thick and thin: PM @narendramodi
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) December 10, 2014
Mr. Modi said: “Russia is the world’s top source for hydrocarbon resources and India one of the world’s largest importers. Despite our close friendship, our collaboration in this sector has been disappointing.” Both sides agreed to “scout and explore” for hydrocarbons in the “arctic shelf,” which could raise eyebrows from other countries in the region as well as environmentalists.
Russian Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin confirmed that Russia plans to assemble about 400 Kamov Ka-226 T twin-engined Russian helicopters in India. “I am pleased that Russia has offered to fully manufacture in India one of its most advanced helicopters. It includes the possibility of exports from India. It can be used for both military and civilian use,” Mr Modi said.
Russian Ambassador Alexander Kadakin told The Hindu that the meeting between Mr. Putin and Mr. Modi was “extremely productive.”

Narendra Modi  Vladimir Putin hold summit talkspicture  others
Narendra Modi, Vladimir Putin hold summit talks
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi met with Russian President Vladimir Putin for summit level talks in New Delhi.
Earlier, Narendra Modi had expressed confidence that the visit will take the bilateral relations to "newer heights."  "delighted to welcome President Putin to India. looking forward to a productive visit that will take India, Russia ties to newer heights," Modi tweeted in Russian ahead of his  talks with Putin tomorrow on close strategic ties particularly in the fields of nuclear energy, hydrocarbons and defence. (Source: Express Photo by Renuka Puri)
About 15-20 agreements are expected to be signed during the meet. Seen here Presidet Putin and PM Modi. (Source: Express Photo by Renuka Puri)
This is Putin's first summit with PM Modi. (Source: Express Photo by Renuka Puri)
Modi and Putin at the meeting. (Source: Express Photo by Renuka Puri)
Russian President Vladimir Putin arrived in New Delhi late on Wednesday (December 10) for annual summit talks with Prime Minister Narendra Modi that is aimed at building on the already close strategic ties, particularly in the fields of nuclear energy, hydrocarbons and defence.
Putin arrived in India for a one day visit with talks about investment ties between the two countries, aimed at boosting trade. (Source: AP)
Putin, who is accompanied by a high-level delegation that included business tycoons, was received by Petroleum Minister Dharmendra Pradhan among other dignitaries.  (Source: PTI)
After the talks at Hyderabad House, the two sides are likely to ink 15-20 pacts. The talks at the highest level have been taking place since 2000 alternately in Moscow and New Delhi.  (Source: PTI)
In his talks with Narendra Modi, both in restricted and delegation level formats, Putin is likely to seek deeper economic engagement with "time-tested" ally India to try to minimise impact of sanctions against Russia by the US and its Western allies over the Ukraine issue. (Source: PTI)
It will be the first annual summit meeting between Putin and Modi. The two leaders had met on the sidelines of the BRICS summit in Brazil in July and during the G-20 summit in Australia last month.  (Source: PTI)
Skip this Advertisement

Moving ahead on railway stationsUpdated: December 11, 2014 01:13 IST
Moving ahead on railway stations
railway
In its first Railway budget, the BJP-led NDA government had focussed on passenger amenities and inviting private participation in the modernisation of infrastructure. While putting Meghalaya on the Railway map recently, Prime Minister Narendra Modi spelt out a scheme to privatise and modernise railway stations. He said 10 to 12 stations will be taken up under the programme to significantly upgrade passenger amenities and make them akin to airport terminal buildings. The thought is not new, nor is the attempt to upgrade major stations. Similarly, the plan to leverage the extensive extent of railway land available has been talked about for years, without much progress being made. Commercial utilisation of railway land could be very profitable, but needs to be done with caution to prevent exploitation or corruption. Now that the government has decided to allow 100 per cent FDI in Railway projects, the Ministry, now under a new Minister, the reform-minded Suresh Prabhu, should work on the details to roll out the programme. The first step will have to be the identification of stations across the country, deciding on what exactly the private sector or partner can do, and the sensitive issue of levying user charges. In any scheme of privatising public space, the question of user charges comes in, and it needs to be addressed in conjunction with the extent of investment and the kind of facilities provided in these stations.
When Mr. Modi spoke of trains running underground and commercial buildings coming on top of that space, the reference must be to the metro rail and stations in major metropolitan centres. What is more pressing is raising standards and facilities at existing railway stations in key cities such as New Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai, Kolkata, Hyderabad, Bengaluru, Thiruvananthapuram, Ahmedabad, Allahabad and Patna, to name a few centres. These are the stations that are old and call for urgent modernisation. In a limited way, the zonal railways have been enhancing amenities such as display boards, seating arrangements and catering facilities, providing in some stations even Wi-Fi. There is so much scope for a significant leap forward in the matter of amenities: these should include retiring rooms, waiting rooms, toilets, electric cars and wheel chairs for the aged and physically challenged, and, above all, maintaining cleanliness. Even where the Indian Railways has tried to provide some of these facilities, there is just no upkeep or maintenance. The area of cleanliness and maintenance is one to which the Railways need to pay immediate attention. The earlier the Railways start finalising this scheme and implementing it, the better. It should not be allowed to go the way of earlier plans.

Facebook to prevent you from posting content that you might regret laterDec 11, 2014 at  04:53pm IST
Facebook to prevent you from posting content that you might regret later
44
2
Washington: Facebook is building an artificial intelligence tool that would warn people when they are about to do something they might regret later such as uploading an embarrassing photo on the social networking site.
Yann LeCun, who heads the Facebook Artificial Intelligence Research (Fair) lab, and his team are now laying the basic groundwork for the tool.
LeCun wants to build a kind of Facebook digital assistant that will recognise when you are uploading an embarrassing photo from a late-night party.
Facebook is building an artificial intelligence tool that would warn people when they are about to do something they might regret later.
#facebook #internet #artificial intelligence
In a virtual way, LeCun said, this assistant would tap you on the shoulder and say: "Uh, this is being posted publicly. Are you sure you want your boss and your mother to see this?"
Such a tool would rely on image recognition technology that can distinguish between your drunken self and your sober self, 'Wired' reported.
The larger aim, LeCun said, is to create things like the digital assistant that can closely analyse not only photos but all sorts of other stuff posted to Facebook.
"You need a machine to really understand content and understand people and be able to hold all that data," he said.
LeCun's Facebook lab has already developed algorithms that examine a user's overall Facebook behaviour in an effort to identify the right content for their news feed - content they are likely to click on - and they will soon analyse the text users type into status posts, automatically suggesting relevant hashtags.
LeCun and his team are also looking towards AI systems that can understand Facebook data in more complex ways. "Imagine that you had an intelligent digital assistant which would mediate your interaction with your friends and also with content on Facebook," LeCun said.
LeCun also envisions a Facebook that instantly notifies you when someone you don't know posts your photo to the social network without your approval.
61

Corporate world recap 2014E-mail
Corporate buzz 2014
The corporate world witnessed a lot of activity in 2014. Scams, major appointments, mergers and acquisitions dominated the corporate space. We take a look at the year that was and major talking points in the business world that you must know about.
PHOTO: Photo: Reuters; Editing: BT Photo
ADVERTISEMENT

Pakistani Taliban criticises Malala after recieveing Nobel Peace PrizeBy: Press Trust of India | Islamabad |
Posted: December 11, 2014 9:30 pm
Pakistani Taliban on Thursday criticised Nobel laureate Malala Yoususzai, saying the teenage activist has entered into an agreement with ‘satanic forces’ to promote western culture and destroy Pakistan.
In its first reaction after the 17-year-old peace activist was awarded the Nobel on Wednesday, Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan (TTP) spokesman Mohammad Khurasani said in a statement that the was given to her to “promote western culture and not education.”
He also criticised Malala’s father, Ziauddin, for working against Islam and said he was using his daughter against the religion and Islamic Society.
Khurasani said both the father and the daughter have entered into an agreement with the “western satanic forces” to destroy Pakistan and Pushtun society.
The TTP spokesman lashed at the democratic system and termed it “worse than worst systems ever witnessed by the world.” He said democracy was responsible for all the worries and anxieties faced by the world.
Malala survived a Taliban attack on 2012 for standing up for the right of education to girls in Pakistan.
Malala along with India’s Kailash Satyarthi was jointly awarded the Nobel in Oslo for their work promoting girl education and child rights.

Dominant holder shows up aluminium issuesDominant holder highlights problems in aluminium market
By Henry Sanderson
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/59ed48e6-7fb0-11e4-adff-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Banks flouted analyst rules for IPO roleBanks flouted analyst rules for IPO role
Tom Braithwaite in New York and Gina Chon in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1ac09a88-814f-11e4-b956-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Havells slips on lower revenue growthguidanceStreet sees good show after stellar year
Havells’ stock price fell sharply after the management scaled down its FY15 standalone revenue growth guidance from 17-20% to 12-14% due to the weak demand environment.
Moreover, the management highlighted that its FY15 ebitda margin guidance of 5-6% for Sylvania is unlikely to be met due to: (a) higher provisions related to pension liabilities; and (b) adverse currency movements in Latin American countries.
Thus, we expect consensus to downgrade its FY15 and FY16 consolidated PAT estimates by 6-9%. The stock is currently trading at rich valuations of 27.0x FY16 P/E, a 50% premium to its cross-cycle average.
Rising competition in switchgears and fans (mostprofitable segments) and no signs of any recovery in the European market can act as negative catalysts for Havells. Our stance and estimates are currently ‘under review’.
Whilst the management’s rationale for the cut in the guidance is the continued weakness in demand in H2FY15 vs the earlier expectation of a revival in demand, we believe one of the reasons can also be the rising competitive intensity.
The management expects an increase in the provisions related to the pension liabilities of Sylvania for FY15. Moreover, the significant currency volatility in Latin American countries is also having an adverse impact on the operating margins of Sylvania. Consequently, the Ebitda margin guidance of 5-6% for Sylvania may not to be met.
Ambit Capital
Post Comments
More from indianmarkets

Commerzbank nears $1bn US settlementCommerzbank US settlement set to top $1bn
Kara Scannell in New York and Gina Chon in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cca4f88c-8151-11e4-a493-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

LendingClub Shares up 56 Percent in DebutWelcome to 2015. What just happened? Where did 2014 go? Television personalities Ryan Seacrest and Jenny McCarthy...
John Locher/AP Photo

Mexico: Dont You Worry About a ThingSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Buy HPCL  Sell Cairn India Today: Sanjiv BhasinSensex Rises More Than 300 Points; Bank Nifty Hits Record
Indian stock markets are expected to remain volatile on Friday. Crude oil prices have now slipped below $60 per barrel and the rupee, which has weakened over the last few days, should also stabilize around 62 per dollar albeit with Reserve Bank's intervention.
The Nifty is heavily oversold in the short term and could consolidate as selling by Exchange Traded Funds is likely to continue.
Trading calls for next week:
1) Buy HPCL: 568-574, stop loss 557, target 594
2) Buy Reliance Capital: 527-532, stop loss 517, target 552
3) Sell Cairn India: 250-254, stop loss 259, target 236
4) Sell Gail India: 445-450, stop loss 460, target 425
Previous trades: PNB (buy), Bank of Baroda (buy), M&M (buy), ICICI Bank (buy), Wipro (sell), Infosys (sell), Eicher Motors (sell), Axis Bank (sell)
(Read full list here and here )
Disclaimer: Investors are advised to make their own assessment before acting on the information
Story first published on: December 12, 2014 08:33 (IST)

Government to use technology to improve governance  curb corruption: Narendra ModiIndia manufacturing activity expands to 2-year high as orders surge; PMI at 54.5 in Dec
Prime Minister Narendra Modi said on Thursday that government would effectively use technology to improve governance and check the menace of corruption.
In his interaction with US-based economists, the Prime Minister underlined the need for “injecting technology” into government processes and decision-making.
These initiatives, he added, would also provide the best possible solution to the problem of corruption.
Corruption, it may be mentioned, was one of the major election planks during the polls earlier this year which saw emergence of BJP as the majority party at the Centre.
Talking to the US economists, the Prime Minister said his government would accord “topmost priority” to skill development and job creation.
All government policies would be youth-centric as 65 per cent of India’s population is below the age of 35, said an official release quoting the Prime Minister.
He said the government’s focus on infrastructure and ‘Digital India’ would boost employment opportunities even in rural areas.
India’s federal structure should be viewed as a “development mechanism” rather than just a “constitutional arrangement,” Modi said, adding that he would endeavour to build “Team India” through a partnership with all state Chief Ministers and by encouraging and facilitating states to take initiatives for economic growth.
Stating that a person, who is unhealthy cannot derive any benefit from exercise, the Prime Minister said in the first six months his government focused on making India healthy once again.
He further said the success of the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana, which was for the benefit of the poor, had boosted the confidence of the government.
Speaking on the occasion, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley gave an overview of the various decisions taken by the government in the last six months in the economic sphere.
The Minister said there was a mood of optimism and expectation from the new Government, and the process of pragmatic and realistic decision-making was giving results.
Post Comments
More from economy

For 6 mths worked to make India healthy  economic exercise begins now  says PMIndia manufacturing activity expands to 2-year high as orders surge; PMI at 54.5 in Dec
Keen to enhance India’s attractiveness as an investment destination, Prime Minister Narendra Modi along with finance minister Arun Jaitley met with 16 top economists from the US on Thursday.
“A person who is unhealthy cannot derive benefit from exercise, the first six months of this government were focused on making India healthy once again. The ‘exercise’ would begin now,” Modi told the economists .
The economists — Gita Gopinath, Martin Feldstein and Emmanuel Farhi from Harvard University; Mark Aguiar from Princeton University; Erica Field from Duke University; Mathew Gentzkow from University of Chicago Booth School of Business; Anne Krueger, former chief economist, World Bank; John Lipsky, former acting managing director of IMF; Karthik Muralidharan from University of California; James Poterba and Abhijit Banerjee from MIT — are in India as part of the NCAER Neemrana Conference.
Jaitley, who gave an overview of the various decisions taken by the government over the last six months in the economic sphere, expressed confidence that these were giving the desired results. “There is a mood of optimism and expectation from the new government, and the process of pragmatic and realistic decision-making is giving results,” he said.
Outlining policies undertaken by the government over the past six months, Modi said skill development and job creation, Pradhan Mantri Jan-Dhan Yojana and Digital India were the key priorities of the government.
These initiatives would boost employment opportunities given that 65 per cent of the country’s population is less than 35 years of age.
“Injecting technology into government processes and decision making  would provide the best possible solution to the problem of corruption,” he stressed.
Post Comments
More from economy

Indian rupee may weather US dollar rise: All you need to knowIndian rupee pares initial losses, down by 2p vs US dollar
Even as the Indian rupee fell to a near 10-month low to touch 62.33 against the US dollar, it has been quite stable when compared with other emerging market currencies.
The rupee fell only 3.9% over the last five months against the strengthening dollar. The Russian ruble has fallen by 61%, the Brazilian real 17.5% and the Mexican peso 11.7% during the same period.
A stronger dollar is here to stay, says a recent report by JP Morgan, and the impact would be limited if the dollar rise is orderly. But a more dramatic strengthening could pose greater risks.
WHY IS THE DOLLAR RISING?
* Relative growth: US economy grew at 3% in Q3 of 2014, while the euro zone, Japan and China have slumped
* Monetary policy: The US Federal Reserve is expected to raise interest rates in 2015 on US growth firming, which will be higher relative to other developed economies. This will attract more capital flows to the US and consequently, a stronger dollar
* Oil output: Increased shale oil output reduces US demand for imported oil. This reduces the current account deficit of the US, reducing the global supply of dollars
Impact on emerging markets
The report says that emerging market equities have had a strong negative correlation with the dollar
A strong dollar leads to capital outflows from emerging markets. But this time, emerging markets may not react the same way and most are better placed to withstand a stronger dollar than the late 1990s
THE RISE AND FALL OF THE US $
The US dollar trade-weighted index (TWI) is a measure of the value of the dollar relative to other world currencies
THE CORRELATION OF EM ECONOMIES WITH THE US $
* The MSCI Emerging Markets Index is designed to measure equity market performance in the global emerging markets.
* The Latin America Index captures large and mid cap representation across 5 emerging markets countries in Latin America.
* Asia EM index captures large and mid cap representation across 8 Emerging Asian Markets
* EMEA Index captures large and mid cap representation across 8 emerging market countries in Europe, Middle East and Africa
Post Comments
More from bankingampfinance

One account for all financial assets soon  say regulatorsIndian rupee pares initial losses, down by 2p vs US dollar
Financial regulators, including RBI, Sebi and IRDA, are working on creating a common account aggregation facility, which may allow people to get details of all their financial assets in one place.
This may include bank accounts, stocks, bonds, insurance and mutual funds, among various financial assets, even if they are managed by institutions under jurisdiction of different regulators.
A suggestion in this regard made by an Inter-Regulatory Technical Group (IRTG) was discussed here today by the Sub-Committee of Financial Stability and Development Council (FSDC), which met here today.
The members of this sub-committee include chiefs of various regulators including RBI, Sebi, IRDA, PFRDA and FMC, as also representatives of the Finance Ministry.
After the meeting, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan said the FSDC Sub-Committee has decided to create a common platform for people to see their accounts across regulatory bodies.
“We have discussed the possibility of creating a platform for people to see their accounts across regulatory bodies,” Rajan told reporters after the meeting.
He said that that it was decided to create such a structure going forward.
The regulators also discussed other issues of mutual interest, Rajan said.
RBI Deputy Governor H R Khan said that deepening of the currency futures market and risks facing the financial system were also discussed.
Post Comments
More from bankingampfinance

Five stories from five startup founders that offer valuable leadership lessonsYou are here: Home > Collections > Entrepreneurs
Five valuable leadership lessons from startup founders
T V Mahalingam & Rajiv Singh, ET Bureau Dec 12, 2014, 10.10AM IST
Tags:
BigBasket.com
(Here are five stories from…)
Startups are the new leadership schools. As they spawn new business models, these upstarts are redefining the way things are done. Here are five stories from five entrepreneurs that hold lessons for aspiring entrepreneurs, established companies — and life.
Lesson 1: "If you chase passion, money will follow"
Vivek Prabhakar CEO & Co-founder, Chumbak, a design-led products company
Back in 2009, when Vivek Prabhakar and his wife Shubhra Chadda, decided to strike out on their own after decade long corporate careers, they ran into an obstacle most first-time entrepreneurs face: money, or the lack of it. Both Vivek & Shubhra are army brats.
Prabhakar's father served in the Indian Navy while Chadda's father was an air force pilot. "Given our backgrounds, we did not have the capital to start our venture. And it was too early to approach venture capitalists," recalls Prabhakar.
The husband-wife team had an idea of creating a company that would sell funky design led products like fridge magnets, designer phone cases and other zany curios. For the better part of a year, they had researched on the kind of products they would want to sell, how they would promote them and in which stores they would sell them in.
There were no market surveys, no retail dipstick studies. "All we had was a gut feeling that there was a space for the products we were so passionate about creating," recalls Prabhakar, who was then the father of a two-year old child.
The couple had a "15-minute discussion" after which they decided to sell their apartment in Bangalore to raise money. The apartment fetched them Rs 40 lakh and the duo started negotiating with manufacturers in India and China. Chumbak launched on the web in April 2010.
Within a year, sales had crossed Rs 2 crore. Last June 2013, the company launched its first store in Bangalore. Today, Chumbak has 35 stores in 10 locations across the country and revenues are growing at 300 per cent. "We have never done a market survey till date. We have let our gut and passion guide us. If you chase passion, money will follow," Prabhakar told ET Corporate Dossier.
It's a philosophy that guides the startup's hiring philosophy as well. "One question I ask potential hires is: what do you do beyond work? We all have a life beyond work and your passions often lie there. If your passion is just work, we don't end up hiring that person," says Prabhakar, who bought "a better, nicer apartment" two years ago.
Lesson 2: "If you are going to fail, don't be afraid of failing spectacularly"
Ambareesh Murty CEO & Co-founder, Pepperfry, a furniture e-tailer
In September 2011, Ambareesh Murty was on a flight to Goa drafting an email which he intended to send to his wife. It was an email explaining to her that Pepperfry, the furniture e-tailing venture he had co-founded six months ago was about to run out of money.
"In fact, we were down to our last Rs 10 lakh. Ashish (Pepperfry co-founder) and I had dug into our personal savings, our mutual funds and it had all burned through pretty quickly," says Murty, who had quit his job as Country Manager of eBay India to found Pepperfry.
Ashish Shah, too, had quit his job as head of eBay Motors India. "We had commitments, in terms of investment term sheets from investors, but actual investments were yet to come," says Murty. The six month old startup was also facing a crucial HR conundrum: most parts of its operations were working in silos.
For example, the folks who crafted furniture were based in Jodhpur and had little idea about how the internet worked. The employees in the Delhi office who understood retailing did not understand the nuts and bolts of the furniture business. The company's HQ in Mumbai had ecommerce experts who knew little about retailing or the furniture business.
As result, communication was down. And money was running out. "Ashish and I had a chat and decided that if this wasn't going to work, let's at least fail spectacularly," recalls Murty. "So we decided to spend most of our last Rs 10 lakh on an offsite in Goa."
In the end, it was money well spent. "People got to know each other and understand how other parts of the business worked. Almost overnight, communication improved," says Murty, who sees that offsite — which 150 people, including suppliers, attended — as a turning point in the company's fortunes.
In the end, he did not send that email and Pepperfry is eyeing revenues of Rs 400 crore by the end of 2014.
  Lesson 3: "Jot down your intent for everybody to see"
Neeraj Kakkar CEO & Co-founder, Hector Beverages, maker of Paper Boat beverages
What's the one street food that people associate Mumbai with? Vada Pav. If Mumbai had a quintessential drink, it would be Kala Khatta, a tangy concoction made from jamuns.

Patna: Trains on same track collide  tragedy avertedA major mishap was averted when the North-East Express and Keul-Patna train, running on the same track, collided at Barh station, about 40 kms from Patna. The collision took place at around 6.55 am on Friday.
Two bogies, reportedly, derailed on platform number 1. Efforts are on to restore traffic on the route.
AK Razak, the chief public relation officer of east central railway (ECR) said it was apparent negligence on part of the driver, who did not heed the signal.
"The express train was to pass through, but the passenger train remained there. Details will be known after thorough investigation. There is no casualty. Doctors have been sent to provide medical aid to anyone injured," he said.
The accident caused panic on the platform, as the impact of the collision led to the train being dragged for a few meters. "It could have been a major accident. There were passengers inside the train, which was suddenly hit by the express train," said a passenger.

Falling inflation may boost chances of RBI rate cutIndia’s retail inflation probably hit a record low in November thanks to falling prices for oil and food items, building the case for the central bank to lower interest rates early next year.
The government will release the latest consumer price index data later on Friday.
According to forecasts from a Reuters poll of analysts the data is likely to show annual retail inflation eased to 4.5 percent in November, the slowest rate recorded since the data series was first published in 2012.
Industrial output data, also due out on Friday, was forecast to show a 2.8 percent rise year-on-year in October, up from 2.5 percent in the same month last year.
Despite the improvement, it still suggests a lack of momentum in India’s recovery from its weakest phase of economic growth since the 1980s.
With growth struggling at 5.3 percent in the July-September quarter, it is likely to be some time before the country  recaptures the 8 percent growth levels needed to create enough jobs for a rapidly expanding workforce.
While not as low as China’s, India’s inflation has come down steeply from over 11 percent in November last year, and it is now lower than other BRIC economies – Brazil, Russia and South Africa.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi swept to power six months ago promising to oversee a revival in an economy suffering a dearth of investment.
He has been helped by a 40 percent fall in global crude prices since July which has brought inflation down, lowered the import bill and reduced government spending on fuel subsidies.
Encouragingly, Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan held out prospects for a cut in the policy interest rate -currently set at 8.0 percent – early next year if inflation trends are favourable and the government controls its fiscal deficit.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, who will present the annual budget in February, told parliament on Wednesday that a rate cut would help the economy, singling out prospects of increased mortgage lending.
“The central bank’s focus on the quality of government’s fiscal consolidation suggests that a rate cut is unlikely prior to the presentation of the Budget,” said Aditi Nayar, an economist at ICRA, the Indian arm of rating agency Moody’s.
Inflation will easily undershoot an RBI target of 8 percent by January next year.
While the rate will rise as a favourable base effect unwinds, the RBI still expects inflation in 2015 to hover around 6 percent- its target for January 2016.
The bank says risks to target are evenly balanced.
Post Comments
More from economy

Saw post Diwali pickup; next 4 months critical: Bajaj Elec08:00 am
From the beginning of the year, the  Bajaj Electricals stock saw a one-way rally till May, post which the company posted weak numbers for two consecutive quarters, which resulted in putting pressure on the stock. This at a time when its peers Havells ,  Crompton Greaves and  TTK Prestige posted good second quarter numbers.
The company is seeing rising weakness in its lighting business. EBIT margin of the segment remained weak at 2.8 percent due to a decline in CFL sales and flat luminaries sales growth. The management expects weakness in the CFL business to continue, given increasing competition from LEDs. Prices of LEDs are falling sharply, which makes the outlook for CFLs look bleak.
Bajaj Electricals CMD Shekhar Bajaj says with winter not setting in yet, sales of winter-dependent products are yet to pick up. Also, with online retailers offering such steep discounts, there is confusion in the minds of consumers. They expect discount on every product and hence wait to make a purchase. Consumers fail to see that these e-tailers offer discount on just 10 percent of their products.
He feels once this confusion clears, consumers will make the come back to the brick and mortar stores. He adds that Diwali sales too were slow, but saw a pick-up post Diwali.
Bajaj Electricals has targeted an ad spend of Rs 60-65 crore in FY15 and has spent Rs 24 cr in the first half of FY15.
Shekhar Bajaj believes that the next four months will be critical to get growth back in place.
Another consumer durable company,  Blue Star reported a decline in order inflow in the second quarter by 37 percent year-on-year (YoY) to Rs 558 crore. Its order book declined by 14 percent to Rs 1,490 crore. However, the company management appears optimistic on order recoveries in the second half of FY14, highlighting a strong enquiry pipeline.
As far as the AC business goes, Blue Star's market share in the air conditioner market (both retail and commercial) currently stands at 8.5 percent, with it being slightly lower in the retail air conditioner market.
Blue Star executive director B Thiagarajan is a happy man. He says Blue Star has seen an increase in sales. In volume terms, while the industry grew 10 percent, the company witnessed 19-20 percent growth between April and November in room air-conditioners. The company also saw 30 percent growth in value terms. In deep freezers and water coolers too the demand healthy, he adds. He expects this demand to continue. However, in large commercial spaces, demand is slow.
Thiagarajan is also comfortable with inventory scene and build up for the summer season.
Below is the verbatim transcript of B Thiagarajan and Shekhar Bajaj's interview with Latha Venkatesh and Sonia Shenoy on CNBC-TV18.
Latha: I have already identified the argument which emanated from what Havells India and TTK Prestige told us. How was the second half shaping up in terms of demand?
Bajaj: As far as we are concerned, November and early December we find that the winter has just not come. Major products like water heaters and room heaters, etc are basically depending on the weather. Therefore we are hoping that the winter is going to set-in in the next few days.
We are still saying that the last quarter, we are looking at double digit growth, whether it will be 12 percent or 14 percent I am not sure but definitely there is a slight slowdown. However, more so because there is a little confusion which is taking place in the market because of the online Flipkart’s and Snapdeal’s, when they start offering such heavy discounts a person says let me wait and watch is it real or not.
My personal experience has been that Filpkart’s and all are giving maybe special pricing for maybe 10 percent of their products but it gives a feeling as if they are always going to be cheaper across the board which is not the case. The brick and mortar stores in most of the products are competitive; it is not that they are going to be not competitive. So, once the consumer knows that this is more of a gimmick and not a reality they will come back to the market.
That is what happened in Diwali, sales were quite slow but immediately after Diwali it picked up. Therefore a double digit growth and especially now with the oil prices coming down, commodity prices coming down and therefore we can expect a clear cut double digit growth taking place in the next four months. December also has started picking up already and we are expecting a good Q4.
Sonia: Were your sales impacted as well because of the heavy discounting that was offered by e-commerce sites?
Thiagarajan: On the contrary, sale has been going up. The industry is growing, up to November for example in volume terms the industry has grown by around 10 percent and value terms around 19 percent. We have grown in volume terms by around 20 percent and in value terms around 30 percent.
The demand continues to be strong and perhaps due to the lower penetration level in the room air conditioners, this must be the reason. Again in deep freezers and water coolers the demand has been very healthy. They are all around 15 percent growth or so. We expect this demand to continue for quite sometime. However, in the large commercial spaces, the slowdown continues.
So, I am a happy person that the room air conditioners continue to hold up, the deep freezers, water coolers continue to hold up. We are preparing for the summer in a big way, at least 25 percent growth we anticipate.
Latha: When you said that you have grown 20 percent in volume and 30 percent in value at Blue Star itself are you referring only to room air conditioners and not to commercial air conditioning? Is it your overall sales volume or the specific product that you were talking about and what period?
Thiagarajan: It is between April and November and even in October, November the growth has been healthy. I am referring to room air conditioners.
The light commercial segments – shop, showroom, boutiques where there is no land clearance is required that is doing well. It is the large commercial spaces – big office complexes, hospitals, etc which is led down very clearly.
In December, there is an announcement which is supposed to happen with regard to the extension of the Central Value Added Tax (CENVAT) rebate that was given. As you recall prior to the Budget last year it was extended up to December. Whether the finance minister will go ahead and extend it till February and take a holistic call or straight away this will continue is one of the anxieties we have. However, irrespective of that demand seems to be healthy.
Sonia: One consumer durable company yesterday was telling us that the ad spends for them have gone up quite a bit because of lower demand and increasing competition as well. As a percentage of sales do you expect that in the next year, your ad spends will go up significantly?
Bajaj: Yes, current year we were still looking at a growth of 15 percent plus which has not taken place and therefore the ad spend percentage has gone up because we had planned for a certain percentage but if your sales doesn’t take place... Also, we get impacted because the inventory is planned on the basis of achieving a certain sales target, you don’t achieve your sales target your inventory goes up. So, therefore there is interest cost which comes in, there is a fixed cost which is on lower volume and that is why the bottomline gets impacted.
Next four months are very critical for us that we are able to again get our growth back in to place and therefore fixed cost and our publicity which we are spending gets covered. Compared to last year we are looking at similar type of advertising amounts though last year we spent about Rs 13 crore for our 75 years campaign; that won’t be there this year. Despite that we are looking at similar ad spend as last year.
Latha: In your second quarter you had said that or it was said by company people that you’ll had a huge build up in inventory and that led to a higher jump in other expenses. The growth that you have seen since that is the months of October-November and half of December have you cleared out inventory, is it definitely lower?
Thiagarajan: In our case the inventory was not a major concern except that in some stock keeping unit (SKUs) we did have inventory but we have exhausted those inventories. The new product launches are planned in the month of January and February so we are very comfortable with regards to the inventory as well as inventory build up for the summer season. As you know in the summer season around 40 percent of the annual sales takes place. So, that build up is also going to commence now from this month onwards.
Bajaj Electric stock price
On January 02, 2015, Bajaj Electricals closed at Rs 237.45, up Rs 4.90, or 2.11 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 384.80 and the 52-week low was Rs 191.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 0.08 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 2968.13. The latest book value of the company is Rs 70.41 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 3.37.
RELATED NEWS

US-based woman to complain against Uber cabbieIf Mamata Banerjee arrested, Bengal will be on fire: Trinamool Congress MP Idris Ali
A US-based woman, who had tweeted about alleged indecent behaviour of Shiv Kumar Yadav, accused in the Uber rape case, when she had taken his cab during her India visit on November 26, has responded to Delhi police’s offer to file a complaint with them in this connection.
Nidhi Shah, who was in India for a week in November, had in a series of tweets on Tuesday said that during her trip in his cab, Yadav had stared at her through the rear view mirror and smiled in a weird way.
Delhi Police contacted her on Twitter and urged her to lodge a complaint with them in this connection.
Shah had replied to the police through emails and expressed interest in filing a complaint. She however has expressed some apprehensions and sought some legal opinion over the issue.
“We will formally reply to her and address her queries and wait for her response,” said a senior police official.
Under the new amendment, staring is also considered an offence and the accused can be booked under section 509 (word, gesture or act intended to insult the modesty of a woman).
The Delhi Police has also asked people to come up and complain if the accused driver had ever misbehaved or assaulted anyone.
“@nps2113 If you wish to lodge a police complaint against Shiv Kumar Yadav for his indecent act, please feel free to contact us,” a senior official had said in a tweet to Shah yesterday.
He also said that she can file a complain through email if she wants.
Shah had also said that she had made a complaint to Uber about this behaviour of their driver. She had also uploaded a picture of the pay slip on Twitter when she hired the cab showing the photograph of the driver and the name.
“They said via email they would check on him. Not soon enough,” she said in a tweet.
There has been massive uproar on the internet over the issue since the incident.
Delhi Police has filed an FIR against Uber charging it with cheating its customers and defying government orders, has been questioning senior Uber officials for the last three days.
The company was banned from operating in the city by Delhi government on Monday.
Shiv Kumar Yadav, who was driving the Uber cab, had allegedly raped the woman on Friday night when the victim, who works for a finance company in Gurgaon, was headed back to her home in north Delhi’s Inderlok area.
Post Comments
More from miscellaneous

Bayer CropScience well placed to deliver high growthStreet sees good show after stellar year
The pace of new molecule introduction in the global agro chemicals space is slowing down as R&D costs and time required for new molecule introduction increases. This slackening in pace, coupled with the shortening life cycle of molecules, has increased the urgency in the pesticide industry to counter this phenomenon.
Against this backdrop, we think companies with a strong focus on R&D, like Indian subsidiary of Bayer AG — Bayer CropScience, will be best positioned to deliver higher than industry growth. We forecast Bayer CropScience domestic formulation business to grow at 18% CAGR over FY14-17e and this in conjunction with margin expansion should spur 27% CAGR earnings growth over FY14-17e. Reiterate ‘buy’ with new face value of R3,377.
The company should be able to reap the benefit of the parent’s strong focus on R&D. A comparison of Bayer AG’s and Bayer CropScience’s product portfolio indicate that 80% of Bayer AG’s core brands and 64% of Bayer AG’s best-selling products are yet to be launched in India. Our interaction with agro chemicals dealers indicates that Bayer’s product portfolio is not just the widest, it also protects against most pest incidences. In the domestic formulation business this essentially should put Bayer CropScience ahead of its domestic peers.
Espirito Santo
Post Comments
More from indianmarkets

RBI s Raghuram Rajan finds falling inflation a hard sell for consumersIndia manufacturing activity expands to 2-year high as orders surge; PMI at 54.5 in Dec
Waiting for the right moment to cut interest rates, Reserve Bank of India faces a problem over public perceptions that price rises will return to double-digits even though forecasts show retail inflation fell to a record low of 4.5 percent last month.
Explaining why he left the policy rate at 8.0 percent, despite inflation’s steep fall from over 11 percent in November last year, Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan said last week that he wanted to be sure inflation and inflationary expectations are really waning.
He also wants to see Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s seven-month-old government to reduce the fiscal deficit. If the signs are good, the RBI could reduce rates early next year, the central bank said in its policy review statement on Dec. 2.
Aside from looking at the strength of on-going deflationary impulses, the RBI is listening to people like Siddhi Mindalkar, a 34-year-old Mumbai housewife, taking into account their views on how prices will behave to determine the best time to cut.
“I am spending about 20 percent less on fruit and vegetables now than six months ago, but prices will probably rise again once the summer comes,” said Mindalkar as she shopped for vegetables at a roadside stall.
Food prices, which have the biggest weighting in the consumer price index, typically rise as the summer heat cranks up in March, and thereafter largely depend on how kind the monsoon rains are to farmers.
The RBI expects inflation in 2015 to hover around 6 percent – its target for January 2016 – and sees risks to the target evenly balanced.
Retail price inflation data is due to be released on Friday. A Reuters poll of analysts forecast that inflation rose 4.5 percent from a year ago in November, down from 5.5 percent in October and the lowest since the data series was introduced in 2012.
The RBI will release its next quarterly survey of inflation expectations at the end of this month. What matters most, according to Rajan, is not what people think inflation will be, but how much their views are changing. Last week, the RBI said expectations for inflation were falling.
The last survey in September showed more than 70 percent of households had expected consumer inflation at double digits in the three months and year-ahead periods.
CAREFUL SPENDERS
“While inflation expectations have started easing, the pace of easing is very slow,” said Rupa Rege Nitsure, chief economist for Bank of Baroda in Mumbai.
Cutting rates when inflation expectations remain too high could make them far less effective in terms of boosting consumer demand –  vital for an economy growing at around 5 percent, well below the 8 percent needed for full employment.
Top Indian consumer companies such as Hindustan Unilever Ltd  remain cautious about demand.
“Inflation has been pretty high in the past few quarters which certainly has had an impact since consumers are being very careful in terms of spending,” said Lalit Malik, chief financial officer of Dabur Ltd, which produces personal and health care products.
Changing perceptions of inflation risks is difficult in a country where food prices are so unpredictable. The situation is exacerbated by India’s structural problems, with bad roads, poor storage facilities leading to high wastage.
Food prices have wrong-footed other central bankers. Duvvuri Subbarao, Rajan’s predecessor, cut rates by 75 basis points in the first three months of 2013 expecting inflation to ease.
Instead, he got surging onion prices after a bad crop, sparking a loss of consumer confidence that contributed to the previous Congress government’s defeat in elections last May.
Tukaram Malusure has been selling vegetables for the past five decades.
“There is no fixed pattern,” the 70-year-old stallholder shrugged. The only certainty, he says, is that “prices go up after the Holi festival” in March.
Post Comments
More from economy

Indirect tax collections rise 7.1% in April-NovIndia manufacturing activity expands to 2-year high as orders surge; PMI at 54.5 in Dec
Indirect tax collections rose marginally by 7.1 per cent in the April-November period to over Rs 3.28 lakh crore, mainly on account of increase in revenue from service tax and customs.
However, excise collection, which is an indication of economic activity, declined by 0.2 per cent during the eight months period to Rs 1,02,762 crore, an official statement said.
Indirect tax collections so far this fiscal have been 52.7 per cent of the budget target of 2014-15, it added.
The government has budgeted to collect over Rs 6.24 lakh crore from indirect taxes in the current fiscal, up 20.28 per cent over the collection in 2013-14.
Service Tax collections increased 11.5 per cent during the eight months ending November to Rs 1,02,592 crore, which amounts to 47.5 per cent of the Budget target.
Mop-up from customs rose 10.2 per cent to over Rs 1,23,308 crore in April-November period, which is 61.1 per cent of Budget estimates.
Total indirect tax collection for November stood at Rs 44,060 crore.
During the April-September period of 2014-15, Index of Industrial Production (IIP) rose by 2.8 per cent, as against 0.5 per cent in same period of previous fiscal.
In the Budget for 2014-15, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had announced a host of measures, including hiking tax exemption limit, incentives for the housing sector and relief in indirect taxes on auto and other sectors to promote industrial output and boost the country’s economic growth.
Post Comments
More from economy

US lawmakers reach $1tn budget deal to avoid shutdownUS lawmakers reach $1tn budget deal to avoid shutdown
Megan Murphy in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8e0ee682-8011-11e4-acf3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China dating app surges despite graft claimsChinese dating app surges on debut despite corruption claims
Sarah Mishkin in San Francisco and Charles Clover in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c72dec8e-81af-11e4-b956-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Asia equities mixed after oil slideUS and Europe stocks lower as oil slides
Jamie Chisholm, Global Markets Commentator
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8b8b5166-81b0-11e4-b956-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

United Technologies chief in surprise exitUnited Technologies chief executive steps down without any explanation
Ed Crooks and Stephen Foley in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/710158ea-73fa-11e4-b444-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US aerospace groups cite mixed demandUS aerospace groups cite mixed demand
By Robert Wright in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/59b1723a-8376-11e3-aa65-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hero to help poor in cycle financingHero to help poor in cycle financing
Mail Today Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 12, 2014  | 16:08 IST
Photo: Reuters
The Hero Group is willing to partner with financial institutions to enable the poor buy cycles on instalments. Co-chairman and managing director of Hero Cycles Pankaj Munjal said in New Delhi on Thursday, "There is an urgent need to provide financial assistance through microfinance to enable rural people to purchase bicycles."
Munjal told senior management of various financial institutions, "We are keen to partner various financial institutions so as to empower rural people to enhance their livelihood."
Around 400 million Indians below the poverty line do not have the financial capability to purchase bicycles, he added.
How these 400 million people look towards bicycles as a big enabler which can help them earn and increase their livelihood.
Hero Cycles, the world's largest cycle manufacturer, wished President Pranab Mukherjee on his 79th birthday and gifted 50 Hero cycles to his staff at the event marking the inauguration of Financial Awareness Festival at Rashtrapati Bhavan.
The cycles will be used by the staff at the Rashtrapati Bhavan for a healthier and environment-friendly commute within the 320-acre President Estate.
Mukherjee flagged off the 'Go Green' initiative along with Munjal, who said, "We at Hero Cycles wanted to take this opportunity to give our best wishes to the President on his birthday. We wanted to wish him a long, healthy life."
During the event, Munjal also announced scholarships for students of Rajendra Prasad Sarvodaya Vidyalaya, which is located within President Estate. The scholarships will be awarded to toppers of standard VI to XI. As part of the celebrations, a drawing competition was also organised for the students.

Why SpiceJet may not go the Kingfisher way | Vistara  Air Asia may keep fares low in  15You are here: Home > Collections
SpiceJet’s decision to reduce its fleet size and cut down on flights not alike Kingfisher’s
Rajesh Naidu, ET Bureau Dec 12, 2014, 11.24AM IST
Tags:
Crude oil
(The comparison between…)
SpiceJet's decision to reduce its fleet size and cut down on flights to address its working capital woes has prompted investors to compare its fate with that of now-defunct Kingfisher Airlines .
While SpiceJet's future prospects depend to a great extent on how quickly its promoters can solicit fresh infusion of funds, a relatively lower debt and lower cost of operations due to its low-cost carrier model puts the airline in a better spot than Kingfisher.
SpiceJet has been facing fund crunch to run its daily operations — referred to as working capital issues. This is partly attributed to the unprofitable operations on its new routes that could not fetch high passenger traffic. Its strategy to offer tickets at abysmally low prices further put pressure on operating profitability.
Amrit Pandurangi, senior director at Deloitte, said, "The comparison between the operations of Kingfisher and SpiceJet ends with the financial difficulties they face. Beyond that, it is Spice-Jet's strategy to offer abysmally low discounts almost at every key route that has worked against it."
The company's revenue doubled to Rs 6,356.3 crore in three years to FY14. However, its accumulated loss in the same period, represented by reserves and funds on its balance sheet, shot up to Rs 1,588 crore from Rs 84.3 crore.
SpiceJet was hit by erratic growth in passenger traffic in the last three years, firm crude prices and weak rupee against the dollar.
Passenger traffic fell by 4.2% in FY12 against an 18% growth in FY11, marginally recovering in FY14 with a 5% growth. Rashesh Shah, aviation analyst at ICICI Securities , said, "SpiceJet derives 90% of its revenues in Indian rupee , while close to 75% of its costs is dollar-denominated."
While SpiceJet's woes are large, they are not insurmountable. What distinguishes it from Kingfisher is that its promoters have shown consistency in infusing funds into the business. SpiceJet's promoters have infused Rs 1,300 crore so far. On Thursday, they paid Rs 5 crore to aviation authorities towards the dues of Rs 200 crore.
Another factor is the relatively lower debt on its books. Kingfisher being a full service carrier had bigger fleet size than SpiceJet's, which is a low-cost carrier. Kingfisher debt, as per figures it last reported, was Rs 7,500 crore as opposed to SpiceJet's Rs 1,506 crore at the end of the September quarter. To reduce its expenses, SpiceJet has reduced its daily flights to 232 from 331 in FY14.
It has also scaled down its capacity to 37 aircraft from 58 in FY14. The recent data shows that passenger traffic has improved by 15% in the past six months.
A sharp fall in global crude oil prices, too, augurs well for the airline. It currently spends Rs 150-200 crore to service debt. With a topline of over Rs 6,000 crore, it needs to generate an operating margin before depreciation of 4-5% to pay interest.
The airline would find it easier to take advantage of the demand revival and gain market share if it can secure a strategic investor, which would help it resolve the working capital issues.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Google festival: Travel holiday cos offer bi...Akbar Travels
(Makemytrip is offering…)
MUMBAI: Travel companies such as Thomas Cook, Kuoni, Yatra .com and Tripfactory have seen a spurt in sales by selling attractive holiday packages at Google India's online shopping festival, said senior executives.
The festival which saw close to 450 online sellers including Snapdeal and Jabong participating, started December 10 and ends today.
"With over 5 million potential shoppers visiting Great Online Shopping Festival, we at Thomas Cook India thought it opportune that we use the 72-hour online-fest to serve the tech-savvy travellers across segments. Much to our joy, in comparison to any other day, day 1 of GOSF kicked off well with our sales teams witnessed a delightful 50% uptake in domestic holidays and 20% in international vacations," said Amit Madhan, chief operating officer for online services at Thomas Cook India. The company offered discounts at up to Rs 10,000 on holiday packages.
Sharat Dhall, president of Yatra.com said airline ticket sales rose 52% for the online portal, hotel room sales rose 217% and holiday package sales more than doubled.
"The festival is especially useful for new companies such as ours as we see a huge spurt in sales," said Vinay Gupta, founder and CEO of online travel search engine and aggregator Tripfactory.com. The company say a 300% rise in bookings on the festival.
GOSF started last year and has been giving major traction to online retailers in India. The e-commerce industry in India is currently booming with billions of dollars pouring in from global investors for local online retail companies. Industry estimates peg the market size at $100 billion in the next five years. Makemytrip , India's biggest online travel portal offered discounts of as much as Rs 21,000 on travel packages. Yatra.com offered packages up to Rs 30,000 cheaper. Cox & Kings gave discounts of as much as 50%. They are among 25 companies offering cheaper holiday packages.
Hoteliers are in it too. The Leela for instance offered 20% discounts on rooms and 30% on suites at its properties across the country. There were offers under which customers booking for two days would get the third day free.
IndiGo , India's biggest airline by market share offered 15% off on base fares on air tickets across the country. The tickets are valid for travel from Jan 15 to end June.
For most travel companies, this was the first time they sold packages at an online shopping festival.
"In the last year Kuoni- SOTC introduced an online app for holiday bookings; with the overwhelming response received we decided to partner with GOSF this year as this is an ideal platform for brand recall with our customers and help increase holiday bookings," said Vishal Suri, CEO, tour operating at Kuoni India. The company has seen a 7% rise in its average online visits as a result of GOSF, said Suri.
Google was this year able to rectify technical glitches that snagged the aggregator site last year. A PTI report yesterday quoted Google India managing director Rajan Anandan as saying the response for GOSF 2014 has exceeded the company's "wildest expectations,"
For instance, Tata Group's reality arm clocked 10,000 bookings in a single day of the festival, the report said. Bangalore-based realtor Puravankara booked 125 properties within 12 hours of going live, it added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nabard pegs Rs 48K cr priority credit for Te...You are here: Home > Collections > Nabard
Nabard pegs priority credit for Telangana at Rs 48,000 crore in FY16
PTI Dec 12, 2014, 12.51PM IST
Tags:
agricultural growth
(The estimates include crop…)
HYDERABAD: National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) today said the priority sector credit estimates for the newly formed Telangana state would be about Rs 48,176 crore for next financial year.
The estimates include crop loans (short term working capital) at Rs 25,780 crore, agriculture term loans at Rs 9,400 crore, loans to MSMEs at Rs 5,554 crore and other priority sector lendings at Rs 7,441 crore, Nabard Chief General Manager Jiji Mammen said during the State Credit seminar held here.
Mammen said the credit estimates is 19 per cent higher than the current fiscal, as he emphasised on focusing on investment credit leading to capital formation for a sustainable agricultural growth .
He also called for addressing critical gaps in infrastructure and support services after factoring in the policy initiatives of the Central government, Reserve Bank of India and Nabarad.
A detailed roadmap for investments in agriculture and rural development sectors that was finalised during the event is expected to serve as the basis for preparation of annual credit plan for the next fiscal.
Telangana finance minister E Rajender and irrigation minister T Harish Rao were among those who spoke at the seminar.
FEATURED ARTICLES

CIA Torture Report: Bobby Jindal defends BushBobby Jindal
(His comment came days after…)
WASHINGTON: Indian-American Louisiana Governor and rising Republican star Bobby Jindal has said the release of a Senate committee report on CIA's detention and harsh interrogation techniques is aimed at attacking former President George W Bush .
"It is clear that the Democrats wrote and released this report in an attempt to once again attack President Bush. I remain very proud to have worked for him, and proud that he kept America safe in the aftermath of 9/11," Jindal said.
His comment came days after the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence released a report which said the interrogation programme of CIA post 9/11 in many cases amounted to torture.
"This report is one-sided and partisan. The Left hates the former President, they always have, and now, six years after he left office they are still campaigning against him," Jindal said in a statement.
"The undeniable truth of the matter is this - President Bush kept America safe after 9/11 from terrorists that wanted to kill us. This is simply a fact. President Bush is a good man and I am honored to have served in his Administration, said Jindal, who is considered to be eyeing at the 2016 presidential run.
He is the first Indian-American Governor of a US State. "If I were to decide a run, this election to me is all about how do we restore the American dream for our children and grandchildren. This President, he has believed in bigger government, redistribution, fewer opportunities, more debt, more tax, and more borrowing," Jindal told Fox News.
"If I were to decide to run I think I've got a unique perspective. My parents came here over 40 years ago in search of the American dream. My brother and I have lived the American dream. We've taken on big challenges. We've taken on the infringed interests. I think the American people are looking for big change in Washington," he said.
In the latest opinion polls of potential Republican presidential aspirants, Jindal is placed at 11th place.
"If I were to decide to run it wouldn't be about poll numbers. I was at less than two percent when I first ran for Governor, I was within the margin of error," he said.
"We have transformed our state. For 25 years we were losing people. Six years in a row now we have more people moving into the state. Took ten charity hospitals. This is the third rail in Louisiana politics, turned them into public/private partnerships.
"Substantially, not only cut the size of government 26 per cent, but have grown the private sector economy. This is not about politicians who are popular by kissing babies and cutting ribbons. This election is going to be about big ideas and big change," Jindal said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India stands a chance to become the best performing stock market in FY16: Nomuraasian markets
('India does stand a very…)
In a chat with ET Now, Michael Kurtz, Global Head of Equity Strategy, Nomura, shares his outlook for the Asian equities in general and the Indian market in particular. Excerpts:
ET Now: What are you advising investors to do with regards to your Asian clients?
Michael Kurtz: We think an Asian portfolio has to be geared first of all towards the ongoing recovery in global growth in 2015, that will be led primarily by the developed markets and principally by the US economic recovery. That means that investors do want to stay exposed to cyclical stocks and with a preference for the export sectors, in particular around Asia. But the crosscurrents come from the fact that as the US economic recovery continues to pick up momentum, it is going to bring with it tightening of the US monetary policy and FED hikes. It also brings a rather curious decline in commodity prices given that US dollar strength is also flowing from the stronger US economy. So Asian investors not only need to be mindful of cyclical opportunities, but also try to steer clear of the challenges of rising rates, stronger dollar and lower commodity prices.
ET Now: India is expected to be the fastest growing economy in 2016. Could it be the best performing equity market in 2015?
Michael Kurtz: India does stand a very strong chance of being the best performer in 2016 and that is a bit ironic given that India is no longer a very cheap market. In fact, it sells at about 16.5 or almost 17 times forward earnings, but because we think the underlying earnings growth in India is likely to be very strong in 2015, that does present the prospect that Indian stocks are going to be outperformers in spite of their expensive multiples. The other issue for India is of course as a downstream consumer and importer of commodities and energy prices that in addition to the top line growth that comes from India's reaccelerating economy, you are going to get a boost to bottom line corporate profitability as costs come down.
ET Now: Is there a case for a PE multiple expansion for India because of all that is happening on the reforms front, would you advise stock picking rather than blanket buying in India then?
Michael Kurtz: Multiples are already a bit challenged, but there are perhaps at least two conditions that may indeed argue for a slight re-rating of Indian PEs. The first of them is that inflation seems to be coming down markedly and we think structurally part of it is external. It is being driven by the fact that India as a big importer of energy prices is benefiting from the decline in global oil and on top of that, we have much more credible monetary policy under RBI Governor Rajan who took over at the central bank in September of last year. Lower CPI historically does allow Indian multiples to move higher.
  ET Now: So 2015 then is also likely to see US FED hiking rates. Do you see it having a major impact especially on fund flows in markets which are capital deficient right now?
Michael Kurtz: FED hikes indeed are likely to be the biggest challenge for emerging market equities in 2015. Historically as the US interest rates are rising, that is going to tend to put pressure on what we call the carry trades. The hot money flows that go into the emerging markets are funded out of very low cost dollar borrowing sources. As US interest rates rise, some of those carry trades or the hot money flows are likely to either dry up or even reverse, and that is going to put perhaps a bit of extra pressure on those economies that either suffer the current account deficits and therefore, rely on the availability of relatively affordable cross-border capital or for that matter on the higher yielding markets, such as, for example, Indonesia in Asia where you have seen a lot more of hot money inflows to try to tap into the opportunity for a pickup in yield. Either way as the FED's hiking rates, it does suggest that the capital flow environment is going to be quite a bit choppier for the emerging markets next year.
ET Now: What are the key risks that Asian equities may face in 2015?
Michael Kurtz: The Fed hiking is going to put some pressure on capital flows, especially for the structurally weaker or higher yielding markets in the region. The China slowdown we do believe is ultimately going to be constructive and positive for the medium to longer term. Markets are going to have to learn to live without cheap dollars and markets are also going to have to learn to live without that super strong Chinese growth story as a principal underpinning of their earnings outlook.
ET Now: So just an extension of that point, does China slowdown and associated jitters worry you right now?

Rajan Mantra For Way Forward: Make in India  Make for IndiaReserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Raghuram Rajan while addressing an industry body at an event in New Delhi on Friday said, it is important not just to 'Make in India' but also 'Make for India'.
Former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh is also present at the event.
Here are the highlights from his speech:
Important to plan for a global economy which won't be as strong as in the pre-crisis years
India should focus on 'Make In India' as well as 'Make For India'
To improve productivity improve human capital- make sure they are healthy and enabled with appropriate education
For Make in India, we need to improve the efficiency of producing in India
We will have to be reliant on domestic demand
'Make in India' is more about creating the environment rather than specific sectors
To attract foreign investment we must ensure policies, especially on taxes are transparent
We have to work towards a more fair global system
We have to pay attention to financial stability
RBI will start talks with the government for an appropriate timeline to ensure the economy is within a medium term inflation target of 2-6 per cent
Several economies flirting with deflation
Global economy weak despite recovery in the US
Emerging markets have to depend on domestic demand
Domestic demand has to be financed responsibly
Banks have to learn from past mistakes in project evaluation
Low and stable inflation ensure best conditions for growth
Strong US growth could move the world economy out of tepid recovery
Low oil prices are net positive for the world economy
 

Pricol spikes 10% on auto component maker buy in BrazilDec 12, 2014, 10.38 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Pricol spikes 10% on auto component maker buy in Brazil
"The board of directors of the company at its meeting, on December 11, proposed to acquire 99.99 percent of stake in a Brazil based auto component manufacturing company through its wholly owned subsidiary incorporated in Spain, said the company in its statement.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Pricol spikes 10% on auto component maker buy in Brazil
"The board of directors of the company at its meeting, on December 11, proposed to acquire 99.99 percent of stake in a Brazil based auto component manufacturing company through its wholly owned subsidiary incorporated in Spain, said the company in its statement.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Pricol climbed as much as 11 percent intraday Friday on acquisition of auto component manufacturing company in Brazil by its subsidiary.
"The board of directors of the company at its meeting, on December 11, proposed to acquire 99.99 percent of stake in a Brazil based auto component manufacturing company through its wholly owned subsidiary incorporated in Spain, said the company in its statement.
Pricol is engaged in the business of manufacturing and exporting of automotive instruments and precision engineering products.
The Brazilian company achieved sales revenue of Rs 301.1 crore during the calendar year 2013, it added.
"This acquisition will enable Pricol to make a foray into the Brazilian auto component industry and the same is expected to be completed by the end of January 2015," said the company in its filing.
At 10:20 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 45.80, up Rs 3.05, or 7.13 percent amid high volumes on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Parliament live: BJP MP Sakshi Maharaj apologises for comments on Godsemore »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

No funds for climate change: Rich nations tell India  ChinaHi Guest
No funds for climate change: Rich nations tell India, China
The developing countries have been demanding a clear map for ramping up the funds to the $ 100 billion target over past two years but developed countries have blocked such a decision.   Image: India has sought financial aid from developing nations to fund climate change projects. Photograph: Reuters Developed countries do not wish to provide a road map before 2019 for their financial commitments to fight climate change. But at the Lima talks they have demanded that the linked actions of ...

Foxconn to suspend India operations from Dec 24Foxconn to suspend India operations from Dec 24
PTI
Tweet
Chennai, Dec 12:  
Foxconn, the Taiwan-based contract manufacturer of mobile phone parts, will suspend operations at its facility near Chennai from December 24, following a change in manufacturing requirements of clients in the country.
“We can confirm that our India operation, FIH India Pvt Ltd, will be suspending all operations at our manufacturing facility in Chennai effective December 24, 2014,” the Taiwan-based company said in a statement.
The action was being taken due to a change in the Chennai facility customer base and a related change in the manufacturing requirements of our customers in India, it said.
“This action also related to a restructuring being carried out of our India operations that is designed to ensure that we are able to meet both the current and future needs of our customers in that important market,” it said.
Noting that about 1,700 employees would be affected by this move, the company said it was working with the Government and the “relevant” labour unions to ensure that “this action is carried out in a manner that follows all relevant laws and regulations and is fair.”
“We will continue to consider investments in manufacturing operations in India when they make sense commercially and when they are consistent with the needs of our customers,” the company said, adding the details regarding new investments would be announced once decisions were made and all the necessary approvals were received.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

Max Sound files patent suit against Google  YouTube in GermanyMax Sound files patent suit against Google, YouTube in Germany
Reuters
Tweet
Bengaluru, Dec 12:  
Technology company Max Sound Corp said it filed a lawsuit against Google Inc and YouTube in Germany earlier this month, alleging infringement of a video-streaming patent.
Max Sound claimed that all the products that use the H.264 video-encoding format for video compression infringed its asserted patent.
Max Sound's allegations include current versions of Google operating system, Android, installed on mobile phones and tablets. The complaint also addresses Google's latest products in the market such as Nexus5, Nexus 6, Nexus9 chromebook and chromecast.
The company also alleged violation of patent in the video service from YouTube, in which a newer format VP8 is used along with H.264.
The lawsuit was filed with the District Court of Mannheim, Germany against Google Commerce Ltd, Dublin, Ireland, Google Germany GmBH, Germany, and YouTube, Google's subsidiary, the company said.
Max Sound holds a worldwide license of the EU 2 026 277 patent for efficient transfer of digital content, which was founded by VSL communications.
Max Sound, inventor of Max-D HD Audio, which improves audio quality without increasing file size, said the court ruling is expected in less than 12 months.
Arnold Ruess, Dusseldorf and Witt-Mann Hernandez in Germany advised Max Sound Corp.
Google was not immediately available for comment outside of regular U.S. business hours.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Aluminium up by 0.2% on firming overseas trendAluminium up by 0.2% on firming overseas trend
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 12, 2014 12:10 PM IST
Aluminium prices edged higher by 0.25% to Rs 121.15 per kg in futures trade today as speculators enlarged positions amid a firming trend overseas.
Further, increased demand at domestic spot markets also influenced the prices.
At the Multi Commodity Exchange, aluminium for delivery in December month contracts rose 30 paise, or 0.25%, to Rs 121.15 per kg in a business turnover of 54 lots.
Metal for delivery in January next year contracts traded higher by 15 paise, or 0.12%, to Rs 122 per kg in four lots.
Market analysts said the rise in aluminium prices at futures trade was mostly in tandem with a firming trend in copper and other base metals at the London Metal Exchange and rising demand at spot markets here.

Japan runs short of butter as dairy farmsdwindleBy: Associated Press | Tokyo |
Posted: December 12, 2014 1:05 pm
When Japanese pose for pictures, instead of saying “Cheese!” some say “Butter!” These days, butter is more likely cause for frowning, since it is rationing that comes to mind. As the Christmas Eve cake rush approaches, grocery stores are limiting customers to a maximum of two packages of butter each.
Last week the government announced its latest plan for “emergency imports” to ease shortages of the spread. The butter shortfall stems from several factors including stressed out dairy cows, aging farmers, rising costs and trade and price restrictions.
The official reason for short supplies of milk used to make butter is lower output due to unusually hot weather last summer in the northern island of Hokkaido, Japan’s dairy basket. Fresh milk sells for more per ton than butter, so dairy producers are said to be giving butter short shrift and butter sections are often bare on shelves crammed with various margarines and other spreads.
But the worsening shortages are also a symptom of industry protections that limit farm imports and of deeply entrenched resistance to a market-opening overhaul. Prime Minister Shinzo Abe will be struggling to deliver on reform promises even if his party wins a stronger mandate for his “Abenomics” policies in an election Sunday.
Apart from overworked cows and difficulties growing enough forage to feed them, dairying is among many Japanese agricultural industries in decline. Farmers are retiring without heirs willing to take over their farms and prices for feed and fuel have surged, cutting into profits.
Japan had 417,600 dairy farms in 1963. As of February, it had 18,600 despite heavy government subsidies. Japanese farmers, like those in the U.S. and many other countries, traditionally have been protected from foreign competition, both to ensure a degree of food self-sufficiency for this resource-scarce island nation and for political reasons.
Despite Abe’s vows to modernize farming and “drill deep” through the country’s bedrock of bureaucracy and vested interests, his government has made little headway apart from tinkering with land reforms. Tariffs on imports of farm produce average 23 percent. Overall, the government pays a subsidy to dairy farmers of 12.8 yen (11 cents) per kilogram for butter and 15.41 yen (13 cents) per kilogram for cheese.
Dairy farmers like Shinjiro Ishibashi, who is raising about 300 head of cattle on his farm in Chiba, east of Tokyo, count on the support. Japan’s farm lobby remains a stronghold for the ruling Liberal Democratic Party, which while talking up sweeping reforms is also reassuring farmers it will continue to look after their interests.
“Mr. Abe says he will preserve our ‘beautiful Japan,’ and I expect him to do it,” said Ishibashi, alluding to Abe’s constant praise for Japan’s traditional farming lifestyle.
Japan’s farm protection policies are one reason the 12 nations negotiating a U.S.-led trans-Pacific trade pact have been unable to reach an agreement. Negotiators meeting in Washington this week look likely to end another year without a consensus.
Among the countries negotiating the trade pact, Japan has the second largest food market after the U.S. and foreign dairy and other continued…

Bangalore man ran pro-Islamic State Twitter handle  saysreportBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 12, 2014 1:03 pm | Updated: December 12, 2014 10:13 pm
The individual operating the Islamic State (IS) propaganda Twitter handle @ShamiWitness is based in Bangalore, Britain’s Channel 4 News reported on Friday.
“The man operating the account is called Mehdi and he is an executive in Bangalore working for an Indian conglomerate,” Channel 4 said, adding that it had “chosen not to reveal (the man’s) full name as he says his life would be in danger if his true identity was made public”.
The account, which is now no longer operative, had over 17,700 followers, making him “perhaps the most influential Islamic State Twitter account”, Channel 4 said. The tweets, the report said, were seen two million times each month.
“Two thirds of all foreign fighters on Twitter followed him. When a fighter’s Twitter account is suspended, he often promoted the new one and urged people to follow it,” the report said. “He spoke to British jihadis regularly, before they leave to join the Islamic State, after they arrived, and if they died he praised them as martyrs.”
The name Shami is derived from the Arabic word for the Levant, al-Shams. The handle provided graphic accounts of the IS war, based on information provided to him by his online followers. The account also had links to graphic images of executions and military operations.
Investigators for Channel 4 discovered that @ShamiWitness used a personal email address, ElSaltador@gmail.com to set up @ElSaltador, a personal Twitter account he used prior to opening @ShamiWitness.
Based on this lead, Channel 4 was able to find that the same email address had also been used by ‘Mehdi’ to open personal LinkedIn and Google Groups accounts.
‘Mehdi’ told Channel 4 that he would have gone to join the IS himself, but his family was financially dependent on him: “If I had a chance to leave everything and join them I might have… my family needs me here,” the report quoted him as saying.
According to the report, on his Facebook pages, ‘Mehdi’ shared jokes, funny images and talks about superhero movies, and posted pictures of pizza dinners with friends, and Hawaiian parties at work.
@ShamiWitness tweeted the video of the execution of US aid worker Peter Kassig, and dozens of Syrian soldiers within minutes of it being uploaded to the Internet, Channel 4 said. “May allah guide, protect, strengthen and expand the Islamic State … Islamic State brought peace, autonomy, zero corruption, low crime-rate”, he wrote on Twitter in November.
News that a major IS-linked digital operation was running undetected in Bangalore, if established to be correct, will come as a major embarassment for the government, which has long been warned by the intelligence services that they lack the tools and personnel to adequately monitor potential terrorist threats online.
The Indian Express had reported in August that NETRA , a super-secret National Technical Research Organisation project intended to enable India to monitor terrorism-related traffic, had come to a dead-end because of the lack of adequate resources.
In a recent article , Washington Institute fellow Aaron Zelin noted that digital propaganda played a key role in drawing western jihadists to Syria, adding that “the Syrian jihad is cool and a relatively comfortable activity compared to braving the wilderness in the mountains or deserts of Afghanistan, Yemen, Somalia or Mali. In Syria, for example, many foreigners have lived in villas with pools and video game rooms”.

Islamic State s top Twitter account run by Bangalore executiveIS' top Twitter account run by Bangalore man
Saikat Datta , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 12, 2014
First Published: 09:11 IST(12/12/2014) | Last Updated: 23:49 IST(12/12/2014)
Comments
The most influential Twitter account of the Iraqi militant group Islamic State (IS), which has taken 39 Indian workers as hostage, has been found to be operated by an Indian executive working out of Bengaluru, formerly known as Bangalore, a report revealed by UK's Channel 4 has claimed.
Screen grab of the now deactivated @shamiwitness Twitter account.
This was revealed by the TV channel on Wednesday night, which identified the person as ‘Mehdi’ an executive working with an “Indian conglomerate” out of Bengaluru. The channel also claimed that Mehdi used to run the Twitter account @ShamiWitness with  over 17,000 followers, “two-thirds of whom are foreign fighters” fighting for the IS in Iraq and Syria. His tweets were seen over 2 million times making him the “most influential twitter account” for the IS.
In thousands of tweets sent out regularly he was “acting as the leading conduit of information between jihadis, supporters and recruits”. 
The channel says the man's full name has not been disclosed as his life would be in danger.
The report quotes Mehdi as saying he would have joined Islamic State, but his family was financially dependent on him. "If I had a chance to leave everything and join them I might have.. my family needs me here," he is quoted as saying.
Mehdi, the channel reported, is also on Facebook and regularly shares “jokes, funny images, talks about super hero movies, posting pictures of pizza dinners with friends and Hawaiian parties at work.” There are also indications of his “Islamist ideology” in conversations about “Libyan and Egyptian uprisings.”
Mehdi would post thousands of tweets from his Twitter account, using his mobile every month and also tweeted the video of the beheading of US aid worker Peter Kassig “within minutes of it being uploaded to the internet.”
He also tweeted in November that “May Allah guide, protect, strengthen and expand the Islamic State…Islamic State brought peace, autonomy, zero corruption, low crime rate”. The channel also reported how the Twitter account would express happiness at the “deaths and rapes of Kurdish fighters” on Twitter, but later said that these were “taken out of context”.
Mehdi shut down his account after being contacted by Channel 4 News.
Senior Indian intelligence officials Hindustan Times spoke to said that they were unaware about Mehdi and his Twitter account. On being alerted they have contacted their British counterparts to get more details about the account.
Intelligence sources also told HT that most of the radicalised youth from India have been found to be using social media and "influenced by similar accounts" posted by groups like the IS. One of the youths who left to join the IS, Arif Majeed from Kalyan, near Mumbai returned to India recently.
They are also planning to speak to Twitter, India to get the details of the person who was running the account.
Incidentally, a study conducted by researchers in the University of Milan has found that there are more social media followers sympathetic to the IS in Europe and the US than in states like Iraq and Syria. Another study conducted by Brookings Institute claimed that the IS use social media actively to spread and legitimise its activities.

Delhi: Minimum temperature dips  rains likely tonight4
0
Delhi: Delhiites on Friday woke up to a chilly morning with the minimum temperature settling at 5.1 degrees Celsius, three notches below the season's average.
MeT department has forecast overcast conditions after noon and light rains after midnight which is likely to bring the temperature further down.
"There was mist and shallow fog in the morning. It may turn partly cloudy from noon onwards. Light rain or showers could happen in some parts of the city after midnight.
MeT department has forecast overcast conditions after noon and light rains after midnight which is likely to bring the temperature down.
The maximum temperature is likely to hover at 23 degrees," said the weatherman.
The humidity was recorded at 83 per cent at 8.30 AM.
11

BJP MP Sakshi Maharaj expresses regret thrice in Lok Sabha after uproar over his Godse remarkDec 12, 2014 at  12:36pm IST
BJP MP Sakshi Maharaj expresses regret thrice in Lok Sabha after uproar over his Godse remark
19
0
New Delhi: Conceding to the demands of the unrelenting opposition, Bharatiya Janata Party MP from Unnao Sakshi Maharaj was forced to express regret not once or twice but thrice for saying that "Nathuram Godse is as much a nationalist as Mahatma Gandhi". The BJP MP was also forced to withdraw his statement in the Lok Sabha.
Withdrawing his earlier comments, he said, "Mahatma Gandhi was murdered by Godse when it happened, but the Congress murdered Gandhi when Sikhs were killed in 1984."
However, the Congress continued to chant anti-Sakshi Maharaj slogans and anti-government slogans in Parliament. "The entire country wants Sakshi Maharaj to tender an unconditional apology. If the government thinks they have clear majority and can get away with anything, this will not happen. We will not let this happen," Congress leader Mallikarjuna Kharge said in Lok Sabha.
As the uproar continued, Parliamentary Affairs Minister Venkaiah Naidu addressed the House and asked Sakshi Maharaj to apologise yet again.
229

Hong Kong media tycoon Jimmy Lai arrested over democracy protest  quitstabloidApple Daily Newspaper owner Jimmy Lai before he is taken away by police officer at an area previously blocked by pro-democracy supporters, outside the government headquarters in Hong Kong. (Source: Reuters photo)
By: Reuters | Hong Kong |
Posted: December 12, 2014 1:29 pm
Hong Kong publishing tycoon Jimmy Lai, an outspoken critic of Beijing, has stepped down as editor-in-chief of the popular Apple Daily after being arrested for refusing to leave a key pro-democracy protest site in the centre of the city.
Hong Kong police arrested nearly 250 activists on Thursday and cleared most of the main protest site near the Central business district, marking an end to more than two months of street demonstrations in the Chinese-controlled city. Public broadcaster RTHK said on Friday all of those arrested, including Lai, had been released.
Lai, a self-made millionaire, has been the main financial patron of the pro-democracy movement since Hong Kong’s 1997 handover to Communist Party rulers in China. “Jimmy Lai was taken away around 5 pm (on Thursday). Jimmy Lai also resigned as editor-in-chief of Apple Daily, and Next Media’s Print Media CEO Ip Yut-kin will succeed (him),” a video clip shown on Apple Daily’s website said.
Next Media Ltd publishes Next Magazine and the pro-democracy Apple Daily tabloid newspaper. Lai has come under the scrutiny of Hong Kong’s anti-graft agency this year.
In August, agency officers raided his home, and the following month he went to the Independent Commission Against Corruption (ICAC). It is common for the agency to call in individuals for questioning as part of its investigations.
Police reopened the multi-lane highway in downtown Admiralty district on Thursday night after clearing the main protest site, ending one of the most serious challenges to China’s authority since the 1989 pro-democracy demonstrations and bloody crackdown in and around Beijing’s Tiananmen Square. Frustrated retailers whose takings have been badly hit by the protests welcomed the resumption of business.
“I’m glad it’s over, I can take a breather,” said 60-year-old Sammy Wu who owns a tailor shop in a plaza adjacent to the main protest site near the city’s administrative headquarters. “Our business fell 50 percent during the occupy period. Now I expect the sales can be up by 20 percent as compared with last month.”
Mainland tourists had shunned Hong Kong, a renowned shoppers’ paradise, with tours dropping by up to 30 percent during the tense standoff between pro-democracy activists and the city’s police force. Protesters set up camp on the main road in the Admiralty district in September, locking down the area and causing traffic chaos.
On Friday, taxi, buses and lorries were seen driving down the main thoroughfares, past government buildings and the city’s PLA headquarters, where thousands of brightly coloured tents and large scale art installations had been dotted.

2015 to see turnaround in pay; 10.5% hike e...Asia
NEW DELHI: A turnaround is expected globally during 2015 in terms of salary, with companies in India likely to dole out an average pay hike of 10.5 per cent, says a report.
According to HayGroup's 2015 salary forecast, salaries across the globe are set to rise by an average 5.4 per cent in 2015 as compared with 5.2 per cent last year.
"This year we are seeing a big turnaround when salary rises are compared with predicted inflation rates," a Haygroup report said, adding that "in some emerging markets -- the boom area of the last ten years -- real wages are falling".
Among Asian economies, India is expected to see a salary rise of 10.5 per cent, followed by Indonesia at 10 per cent, China (8 per cent), Philippines (7.5 per cent), Malaysia (6.4 per cent), Thailand (6 per cent), Korea (5 per cent), Singapore (4.4 per cent) and Hong Kong (4 per cent).
According to the report, real pay (after taking inflation into account) is now rising in many European markets with previously struggling economies such as Greece and Ireland showing signs of recovery with small real rises.
The slowdown in Russia, Brazil and Ukraine was mirrored with real wage cuts, while high inflation erodes salaries in Latin American countries such as Venezuela and Argentina.
While the Latin America regional average stood at 9.7 per cent, Africa regional average at 6.9 per cent, Asia regional average was 6.8 per cent, middle east (5.6 per cent), Europe (3.1 per cent) and North America (2.8 per cent).
Haygroup further noted that salaries are still rising in some Asian markets as the war for talent continues and globally Asia is likely to see the highest growth in real salaries in 2015.
The pay database was drawn from 16 million people in 24,000 organisations to show predicted salary increases forecast for 2015. We have compared them to inflation forecast data from Economist, October 2014.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Max Sound files patent suit against Google  ...You are here: Home > Collections > Youtube
Max Sound files patent suit against Google, YouTube in Germany
Reuters Dec 12, 2014, 01.02PM IST
Tags:
android
(Max Sound claimed that all…)
Technology company Max Sound Corp said it filed a lawsuit against Google Inc and YouTube in Germany earlier this month, alleging infringement of a video-streaming patent.
Max Sound claimed that all the products that use the H.264 video-encoding format for video compression infringed its asserted patent.
Max Sound's allegations include current versions of Google operating system, Android , installed on mobile phones and tablets. The complaint also addresses Google's latest products in the market such as Nexus5, Nexus 6, Nexus9 chromebook and chromecast.
The company also alleged violation of patent in the video service from YouTube, in which a newer format VP8 is used along with H.264.
The lawsuit was filed with the District Court of Mannheim, Germany against Google Commerce Ltd , Dublin, Ireland, Google Germany GmBH, Germany, and YouTube, Google's subsidiary, the company said.
Max Sound holds a worldwide license of the EU 2 026 277 patent for efficient transfer of digital content, which was founded by VSL communications.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Capital to remain a challenge for PSU banks:...Additional Tier 1
(State banks account for…)
MUMBAI/SINGAPORE: The government's plans to reduce its stake in state-owned banks to 52% by 2019 will enable these banks to exercise greater flexibility in raising capital in the equity market - by allowing the dilution of government holdings for the purpose of raising core equity, said Fitch Ratings .
There is no indication as yet that the government has planned this decision as part of a broader privatisation initiative in the banking sector, and Fitch believes that the government's stakes in state-owned banks is unlikely to go below 51% in the medium term.
Fitch expects access to core equity to remain challenging, however, with state banks largely trading below book value. As such, state-owned banks will likely have to continue relying on Additional Tier 1 (AT1) hybrid instruments to strengthen capitalisation in the short term, despite the government's planned sell-downs.
Thus far, state banks have been slow in issuing AT1 capital, with only two issues of Rs 2500 crore each - Bank of India in August 2014 and IDBI bank in October 2014. Combined, these two issues constitute roughly 5% of the Fitch estimated total AT1 requirement through to 2016; affirming Fitch's view of the uncertainty regarding the ability of the domestic market on its own to fulfill the AT1 requirement of banks.
Fitch estimates the banks to have large Basel III capital needs totalling $200 bn up to 2019, of which state-owned banks will account for around 85%.
However, progress to strengthen capital has been slow, due to a low internal rate of capital accretion and limited access to core equity - owing to below-book valuations for many banks. Asset quality and earnings continue to remain stressed for most state banks notwithstanding some signs of early recovery.
Expectations of higher restructuring in 2HFY15 and muted credit growth could further mean that earnings (and valuations) recovery will be slow and protracted. As such, the plan to reduce government stakes may have to wait until there is a meaningful recovery in earnings and, therefore, equity valuations.
State banks account for nearly 75% of total banking system assets but hold 90% of the system's stressed loans, with the stress on mid-sized state banks being particularly acute.
By comparison, private banks are in a significantly stronger position than their state-owned peers in terms of capital and asset quality.
A cyclical recovery in FY16 should help ease the level of stressed assets, which Fitch expects to peak by March 2015, although we maintain that private banks' superior credit profiles puts them in a better position to take advantage of a cyclical upturn. Nonetheless, a recovery should provide an environment for greater stability in bank Viability Ratings heading into the new fiscal year.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex in red; Sun TV plunges 8%  GAIL cracks 4%: top 17 stock betsYou are here: Home > Collections
Markets in red; top trading strategies for today
ET Now Dec 12, 2014, 02.50PM IST
Tags:
Amara Raja Batteries
(The benchmark indices pared…)
MUMBAI: The benchmark indices pared early gains and slipped in the negative territory on concerns of global economic recovery. According to analysts, the market is likely to shift to lower end of trading range in coming sessions.
"FIIs unwound their long positions last week. As we highlighted, their open interest has reduced much more than Nifty and Bank Nifty open interest since the beginning of December series. This unwinding has continued and now we are witnessing formation of short positions by them with sell figures emerging in cash market segment as well," said Siddarth Bhamre, head - derivatives, Angel Broking.
At 2:48 pm, the Sensex was at 27,350.11; down 251.90 points.
The Nifty was at 8,223.50; down 69.40 points.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Mitesh Thacker, Technical Analyst, www.miteshthacker.com
Buy Glenmark Pharmaceuticals with stoploss of Rs 814 for target of Rs 865
Buy Andhra Bank with stoploss of Rs 88 for target of Rs 95
Buy Aurobindo Pharma with a stoploss below Rs 1130 for target of Rs 1200
Buy Canara Bank with a stoploss below Rs 421 for target of Rs 455
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO,www.powermywealth.com
Buy Glenmark Pharmaceuticals with stoploss of Rs 815 for target of Rs 848.
Buy Amara Raja Batteries with stoploss of Rs 735 for target of Rs 785.
Sell Cairn India with stoploss of Rs 250 for target of Rs 232.
Sell Sun Tv with stoploss of Rs 362 for target of Rs 342.
Prakash Gaba, www.prakashgaba.com
Buy Sun Pharma with stoploss of Rs 835 for target of Rs 870.
Buy Talwalkars with stoploss of Rs 270 for target of Rs 295.
Buy Tata Motors DVR with stoploss of Rs 335 for target of Rs 350.
Siddhartha Chatterjee, Trustline Securities
Buy DCB Bank with stoploss of Rs 107 for target of Rs 113
Buy SKS Micro with stoploss of Rs 392 for target of Rs 408
Buy Amara Raja with stoploss of Rs 735 for target of Rs 759
Gaurav Ratnaparkhi, Technical Analyst, Sharekhan
Buy Tata Communications with stoploss of Rs 431.50 for target of Rs 457
Buy Ashok Leyland with stoploss of Rs 49.40 for target of Rs 53.50
Buy Grasim with stoploss of Rs 3325 for target of Rs 3500
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

TCS falls ahead of business update - tradersTCS falls ahead of business update - traders
Govt chalking out strategy for PSBs to meet much-required growth capital: NomuraGovt chalking out strategy for PSBs to meet much-required growth capital: Nomura
US House narrowly passes spending bill  averts government shutdownUS House narrowly passes spending bill  averts government shutdown
UN condemns attack on French institute in KabulUN condemns attack on French institute in Kabul
UN Projects India s Economic Growth At 6.3% In 2016UN Projects India s Economic Growth At 6.3% In 2016
West Bengal Transport minister Madan Mitra quizzed by CBIWest Bengal Transport minister Madan Mitra quizzed by CBI
China refutes Vietnam s claims over islands in South China SeaChina refutes Vietnam s claims over islands in South China Sea
UN declares June 21 as  International Yoga Day   BJP says big achievement for IndiaUN declares June 21 as  International Yoga Day   BJP says big achievement for India
Coal scam: Madhu Koda  seven others charge sheeted by CBICoal scam: Madhu Koda  seven others charge sheeted by CBI
Buy ITC  target Rs 420: Amit HarchekarLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy ITC, target Rs 420: Amit Harchekar
Amit Harchekar – Chief Technical Strategist at A PLUS Analytics recommends buying ITC with a target of Rs 420 in next three trading sessions.
Post your opinion here
Halftime Report
Amit Harchekar – Chief Technical Strategist at A PLUS Analytics told CNBC-TV18, " ITC has already given a flag breakout after three months of consolidation and that transforms into a price target of around Rs 440-450 on the higher side. However in the short-term we are expecting the stock could test levels of Rs 420-430 and then it could enter into a consolidation zone."
"The short-term uptrend would be reverse only if the stock manages to move back below Rs 380. So keeping Rs 382 as a stoploss we recommend a buy at these levels with a target of Rs 420 in next three trading sessions," he said.
Disclosure: Analyst and his family members do not have any positions in the stock mentioned but may have recommed to his clients.
RELATED NEWS

Rajan asks govt not to over-emphasise on merchandise export-led growthRajan sings a different tune, pitches for 'Make for India'
BS Reporter | New Delhi Dec 13, 2014 12:25 AM IST
As the Narendra Modi government goes on an overdrive in its  ‘Make  in India’ campaign, there is a word of advice from  Reserve Bank  of India (RBI) Governor Raghuram Rajan.
Amid the slowing of the world economy, Rajan on Friday cautioned the government against too much focus on merchandise export-led growth through this campaign and advised to supplement it with ‘Make for India’.
However, since domestic demand tends to get overstimulated, the government will have to frame suitable fiscal policies and RBI itself will have to ensure inflation remains  low, Rajan said in his Bharat Ram Memorial Lecture here.
He  said the path  of  disinflation may not be as  steep in India as in industrialised nations and disclosed that  RBI  will  talk to the government on the timeline beyond 2016 to keep inflation at four per cent, plus-minus two per cent.  
To finance domestic demand responsibly, he advised that it be financed primarily through internal  sources and suggested some more budgetary benefits  for savings in this regard.
The finance ministry has already started preparing for the Budget for 2016-17.
“The world is unlikely to be able to accommodate another export-led China,” Rajan said in his address, organised by industry body Ficci, in New Delhi on Friday.
Clarifying he was not suggesting pessimism for exports, he said, “I am counselling against an export-led strategy that involves subsidising exporters with cheap inputs, as well as an undervalued exchange rate, simply because it is unlikely to be very effective at this juncture.”
Rajan, formerl chief economic advisor in the finance ministry, said India would have to compete with China, which still has some surplus agricultural labour to draw on, when it decided to push manufacturing exports. “Export-led growth will not be as easy as it was for the Asian economies that took that path before us.”
Besides, industrial countries had themselves been improving capital-intensive flexible manufacturing, so much so that some manufacturing activity was being “re-shored”, he said. “Any emerging market wanting to export manufacturing goods will have to contend with this new phenomenon.”
If external demand growth is likely to be muted, India has to produce for the internal market. “This means we have to work on creating the strongest sustainable unified market we can which requires a reduction in transaction costs of buying and selling across the country,” the governor said.
Improvements in the physical transportation network would help but so would fewer, but more efficient and competitive intermediaries in the supply chain from the producer to consumer, he said.
At a time when the Centre is struggling to evolve a consensus with states on the issue of a national goods & services tax (GST), Rajan said: “A well designed GST Bill, by reducing state border taxes, will have the important consequence of creating a truly national market for goods and services, which will be critical for our growth in years to come.”
He also said the government would have to frame suitable fiscal policies and RBI itself would have to ensure inflation remained low, since domestic demand tends to get overstimulated.
He further pointed out that the path of disinflation might not be as steep in India as in developed nations and the glide path as advocated by the Urjit Patel committee suited the country.
He said RBI would consult the government on the timeline beyond 2016 to keep inflation at 4% (plus or minus 2%), and suggested domestic demand had to be financed responsibly, as far as possible through domestic savings.
“Our banking system is undergoing some stress. Our banks have to learn from past mistakes in project evaluation and structuring, as they finance the immense needs of the economy,” he advised. They (banks) would also have to improve their efficiency as they compete with new players like the recently licensed universal banks, as well as the soon-to-be licensed payment and small finance banks.
“At the same time, we should not make their task harder by creating impediments in the process of turning around, or recovering, stressed assets. RBI, the government, as well as courts have considerable work to do here,” Rajan said, pitching for financial inclusion and some Budget sops to boost savings.
“The income tax benefits for an individual to save were largely fixed in nominal terms until the recent Budget; this means the real value of the benefits has eroded. Some budgetary incentives for household savings could help ensure the country’s investment is largely financed from domestic savings,” he said.
Rajan said it was worth debating whether India needed more institutions to ensure deficits stayed within control and the quality of Budgets remained high.
“A number of countries have independent Budget offices and committees that opine on Budgets. These offices are especially important in scoring budgetary estimates, including unfunded long-term liabilities that industrial countries have shown are so easy to contract in times of growth, and hard to actually deliver.”
In addition to inflation, he said, a central bank had to pay attention to financial stability. This was a secondary objective but might become central if the economy entered a low-inflation credit and asset-price boom. “Financial stability sometimes means regulators, including the central bank, have to go against popular sentiment.”
The role of regulators was not to boost the Sensex but to ensure the underlying fundamentals of the economy and its financial system were sound enough for sustainable growth, he said. “Any positive consequences to the Sensex are welcome but are only a collateral benefit, not the objective.”
While emphasising on policies to attract foreign direct investment to fund the country’s current account deficit, Rajan said policies should not compromise India’s interests.
In this regard, Rajan said, the requirements to patent a medicine in India were perfectly reasonable, no matter what  international drug companies said. He also said policies should not focus only on FDI but promote young entrepreneurs, arguing “if we make it easier for young Indian companies to do business, we will also make it easier for foreign companies to invest, for both are outsiders to the system”.
This meant a transparent and quick legal process to deal with contractual disputes, and a proper system of bankruptcy to deal with distress — both issues the government had taken on, he said.
Noting that India did not belong to any power bloc, Rajan advised it, besides other emerging countries, to not only ensure quota reforms in the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank but inject new agenda, new ideas and new thinking into the global arena. “No longer will it suffice for India to simply object to industrial countries’ proposals; it will have to put some of its own on the table.”

Power Ministry rules out direct regulation of tariffPower Ministry rules out direct regulation of tariff
Anindita Dey | Mumbai Dec 12, 2014 01:18 PM IST
The Ministry of Power has ruled out any direct regulation of power tariff as it will be detrimental to the efforts done by both the government and efficient power companies in streamlining the power generation, distribution and transmission.
 
While these activities entail cost but in the long run this strategy will reduce the total cost of supply of electricity to the consumer. On one hand, the government cannot empahsise discovery of tariff through competitive  bidding  which is a parameter based on market driven efficiency and on the other hand, contemplate to put  regulate the tariff, said official sources.
The issue of regulating power tariff has been suggested as an internal recommendation to bring down the overall cost of power for consumers.
 
In fact, the ministry has launched an integrated power development scheme at a total financial outlay of Rs 76,623 crore for strengthening of sub transmission and distribution networks in the urban areas, metering of distribution transformers/ feeders/ consumers in the urban areas and enablement of the distribution sector through information technology (IT).
All distribution companies including private sector and state power departments will be eligible for financial assistance under this scheme.
One salient feature of the scheme which differentiates it from other scheme is that the financial assistance is for both  development of distribution network for power generated from both conventional and  non conventional sources like solar panels, wind mills etc. 
However, if private distribution companies take financial assistance, the scheme has to be run through a state government agency or state owned companies who will own the assets to be handed over to the private company over a mutually agreed period of time.
Power Finance company is the nodal agency for approval of the scheme and funds will be released in phases upon completion of agreed milestones in the agreement.
The ministry is of the view that it will be too short sighted measure when the overall sector is moving towards an overhaul both in terms of fuel supply, optimization of operations, adopting new business models.
 
In fact the ministry has decided to increase the share of renewable, in addition to the generation capacity addition target of 88,537 MW from conventional sources.
While the capacity addition of about 30,000 MW has been planned from Renewable sources during 12th Five Year Plan, the cumulative installed capacity of renewable power is expected to be 55,000 MW by March 2017.

Vote for the best image from the Week in Pictures.vote for the best image from the week in pictures.
Microsoft COO sees autumn release for Windows 10 OSMicrosoft Corp plans to release Windows 10 in autumn 2015, says COO
Bill Rigby     Seattle   Last Updated: December 11, 2014  | 11:51 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Microsoft Corp, the American software major, expects to have its new Windows 10 operating system on the market by autumn 2015, slightly later than previous comments had suggested.
Chief Operating Officer Kevin Turner told Japanese news service Nikkei on Wednesday that the new system would be released "early next fall".
Microsoft has not publicly set a firm timetable for the release of its Windows 10 OS, but only last week suggested the possibility of an earlier release.
"By next late summer and early fall we'll be able to bring out this particular OS (operating system). That's the current plan of record," Turner told the Credit Suisse Technology Conference on November 4.
An autumn release would put Windows 10 on track for launch three years after Windows 8, which got a mixed reception as it confused many traditional PC users with a design more suited to tablets.
The software major unveiled the name Windows 10 in late September, saying the jump in numbers from 8 to 10 marked a leap as it looks to unify the way people work on tablets, phones and traditional computers.
An early test version of Windows 10, which blends the traditional look and much-loved start menu with newer features, has been available for download from Microsoft's website for more than two months.
Windows is still a core part of the company's business and dominates the desktop computing market with 1.5 billion users. However, the growth of smartphones and tablets means Windows now runs on only about 14 per cent of computing devices worldwide, according to tech research firm Gartner.
(Reuters)

Post Uber rape  police to use mini drones to patrol Delhi streetsPost Uber rape, police to use mini drones to patrol Delhi streets
PTI  New Delhi, December 11, 2014
First Published: 23:17 IST(11/12/2014) | Last Updated: 23:22 IST(11/12/2014)
Comments
In a first of its kind project in the country, mini drones fitted with night vision cameras will be used to patrol the streets of the national capital by the Delhi Police in order to make the city safer for women.
Protesters from All India Students Association (AISA) demonstrate on Sunday outside the Delhi Police headquarters after a taxi driver from the international cab-booking service Uber allegedly raped a woman in New Delhi. (AP Photo)
As the rape of a 27-year-old finance company executive by an Uber cab driver brought the spotlight back on women security in the city, the force has decided to patrol dark stretches and crime prone areas with the help of drones which will be fitted with night vision thermal imaging cameras. The project will be launched in north district area by next month.
Incidentally, the Uber rape case took place in the same area this Friday. "With this project, North Delhi will become the first district with complete camera surveillance in Delhi. This would be achieved with the combined range of with CCTVs and drones. The only areas which will be kept out of it will be the LG House, Delhi Assembly and Metcalfe House," said a senior police official.
Every drone will fly at a height of approximately 200 metres and will cover a hexagonal grid area of three to four kilometers. Technologically it will be ensured that the area covered by two drones does not overlap. "We can further enhance its capabilities by linking each drone to a Quick Response Teams (QRT). The video can be streamed to the QRT vehicle which will monitor it in real time and respond quickly if it sees something wrong," he said.
The North district has already made the dry runs for the project by using drones to monitor immersions of Durga and Ganesha idols at the Yamuna ghats in the area. "Its suitability has been checked and we have got the sanction for the project from the police headquarters. We are in the process of procuring the hardware and software component.
The drones will have night vision and thermal imaging cameras and its video and images can be used as evidence in case of a crime. "It will also have anti-shaking software which will cancel any tremble in the video caused by the rotating blades of the flying machine and provide us steady picture. It will be capable to operate under all weather conditions.
We will deploy three to four drones in the entire district and each one of them will cost around 10 lakh," he said. So far, Delhi Police had used drones after taking it on rent from DRDO at around Rs. 50,000 per day. Using drones for patrolling will be of huge help for the police as it will not have to manually patrol the entire district which is hampered due to manpower crunch. "If we deploy a drone at all the entry routes of the district, we will be able to keep a tab of every vehicle entering the area. Once it's successful in north Delhi, it can be implemented in other areas as well," he said.

Vote for the Week in Pictures: Dec. 4 - 11vote for the week in pictures: dec. 4 - 11
IT Stocks Gain After Rupee Falls to Over 10-Month LowSensex Rises More Than 300 Points; Bank Nifty Hits Record
Shares in IT outsourcers gained on Friday.
Infosys gained 1.6 per cent, Tata Consultancy Services was up 0.8 per cent, while Wipro and HCL Technologies gained 0.4 per cent each.
Traders hope weak rupee would aid margins.
Rupee fell to a low of 62.51 per dollar on Friday, its lowest level since February 6.
Likely that 62/$1 becomes fresh support level, say traders.
Dollar strengthened against most of its major peers after upbeat US retail sales data.
Copyright: Thomson Reuter 2014

China at risk of sharp slowdown; investment expansion at 13-yr lowChina November output, investment data show further weakness, more stimulus expected
Reuters Dec 12, 2014, 12.52PM IST
Tags:
Beijing
(Fixed-asset investment,…)
BEIJING: China's economy showed further signs of fatigue in November, with factory output growth slowing more than expected and growth in investment near a 13-year low, putting pressure on policymakers to unveil fresh stimulus measures.
In a sign that banks were already responding to Beijing's instructions to reflate the economy, however, new lending jumped 56 per cent in the month.
Weighed down by a sagging housing market, China's economic growth had already weakened to 7.3 per cent in the third quarter, so November's soft factory and investment figures suggest full-year growth will miss Beijing's 7.5 per cent target and mark the weakest expansion in 24 years.
"The data bodes ill for GDP growth in the fourth quarter, which is bound to slow further," said Dariusz Kowalczyk, senior economist at Credit Agricole CIB in Hong Kong.
Growth in real estate investment also slipped for the first 11 months of 2014, though property sales registered their best month this year, buoyed by Beijing's efforts to revive a sector on which so much of the economy depends.
After September's move to cut mortgage rates and downpayments for some home buyers, the People's Bank of China cut interest rates on Nov. 21 for the first time in two years.
The surprise rate cut signalled policymakers' growing concern that a sharper slowdown in the economy would raise the risk of job losses and loan defaults.
Factory output rose 7.2 per cent in November from a year earlier, down from October's 7.7 per cent, the National Bureau of Statistics said on Friday, and missing analysts' forecasts of 7.5 per cent.
Fixed-asset investment, an important driver of growth, grew 15.8 per cent in the first 11 months from the same period last year, slipping from 15.9 per cent in the first 10 months.
FREER LENDING
The rise in new loans comes after sources told Reuters on Thursday that the People's Bank of China (PBOC) had instructed banks to lend more and had quietly relaxed the enforcement of loan-to-deposit ratios to further that end.
"The lending numbers give hope that investment will pick up now that there is more funds available to pay for capital spending projects," said Kowalczyk.
Not all the new lending is being put to productive use, however, as some will just replace existing debt, and there is evidence that speculators are ploughing some of it into a wild stock market rally of recent weeks.
Other data this week showed China's export growth slowed sharply in November, while imports unexpectedly shrank.
And despite the resulting expansion in the money supply, consumer inflation hit a five-year low, stoking expectations that Beijing may move more aggressively to stave off deflation, including a cut to banks' reserve requirement ratio (RRR), which would allow them to lend still more.
"We're ready for an RRR cut at any point. We think there will be 100 basis points of cuts over the next couple of quarters," said Tim Condon, head of Asia research at ING in Singapore.
The closure of many factories in northern China early in November to reduce air pollution as Asia-Pacific leaders met in Beijing likely curbed industrial output, but demand for products such as concrete and steel was also hit by slackening growth in export orders and the cooling housing market.
A bright spot in November was retail sales, where growth ticked up to 11.7 per cent from 11.5 per cent in October, which was the slowest pace since early 2006.
Analysts expect further interventions by Beijing in 2015 after top leaders at the annual Central Economic Work Conference on Thursday pledged to make fiscal policy "more forceful" while keeping monetary policy "not too tight or too loose".
Economists who advise the government have recommended that China lower its economic growth target to around 7 per cent in 2015.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Hikal gains ahead of board meet for stock splitHikal gains ahead of board meet for stock split
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 12, 2014 12:52 PM IST
Shares of Hikal were up over 6% at Rs 745 after the company said that its board will meet on December 17, 2014 to consider stock split of equity shares.
The total paid-up equity capital of the company is Rs 16.44 crore comprising of 164.40 lakh shares of face value Rs 10/- each. Promoters held 68.77% stake in the company as of September 2014, shareholding data on the BSE showed.
The stock opened at Rs 720 and touched a high of 783 on the BSE. At 12:50PM, over 75,000 shares were trade on the stock exchanges.

PSBs continue to face capital challenges: FitchPSBs to find capital raising challenging: Fitch
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec. 12:  
Despite Government’s attempt to reduce stake in state-owned banks, the public sector banks will continue to face capital challenges in the near future, according to Fitch Ratings.
The Government's plans to reduce its stake in state-owned banks to 52% by 2019 will make it easier for banks to raise capital in the equity market - by allowing the dilution of government holdings to raise core equity.
Fitch expects access to core equity to remain challenging, however, with state banks largely trading below book value. As such, state-owned banks will likely have to continue relying on Additional Tier 1 (AT1) hybrid instruments to strengthen capitalisation in the short term, despite the government's planned sell-downs,” Fitch said in a statement.
It added that there is no indication as yet that the government has planned this decision as part of a broader privatisation initiative in the banking sector, and Fitch believes that the government's stakes in state-owned banks is unlikely to go below 51% in the medium term.
So far, state banks have been slow in issuing AT1 capital, with only two issues of Rs 2,500 crore ($400mn) each - Bank of India in August 2014 and IDBI bank in October 2014. Combined, these two issues constitute roughly 5 per cent of the Fitch estimated total AT1 requirement through to 2016 affirming uncertainty on the ability of the domestic market on its own to fulfil the AT1 requirement of Indian banks.
Fitch estimates Indian banks to have Basel III capital needs to the tune of about Rs 12.47 lakh crore ($200 billion) up to 2019, of which state-owned banks will account for around 85 per cent. However, progress to strengthen capital has been slow, due to a low internal rate of capital accretion and limited access to core equity - owing to below-book valuations for many banks.
Asset quality pressures
Asset quality and earnings continue to remain stressed for most state banks notwithstanding some signs of early recovery. Expectations of higher restructuring in H2 FY15 and muted credit growth could further mean that earnings (and valuations) recovery will be slow and protracted. As such, the plan to reduce government stakes may have to wait until there is a meaningful recovery in earnings and, therefore, equity valuations.
State banks account for nearly 75 per cent of total banking system assets but hold 90 per cent of the system's stressed loans, with the stress on mid-sized state banks being particularly acute. By comparison, private banks are in a significantly stronger position than their state-owned peers in terms of capital and asset quality, Fitch said.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

Sakshi Maharaj expresses regret in LS over Godse remarksSakshi Maharaj expresses regret in LS over Godse remarks
PTI
The Hindu Sakshi Maharaj
New Delhi, Dec 12:  
A united opposition today forced BJP member Sakshi Maharaj to express regret in Lok Sabha and withdraw his remarks terming Mahatma Gandhi’s assassin Nathuram Godse a patriot.
Congress President Sonia Gandhi joined opposition members in raising slogans against the government and the BJP member.
Soon after Speaker Sumitra Mahajan referred to the December 13, 2001 Parliament attack, members from Congress and RJD referred to the BJP MP’s controversial remarks.
When the Speaker informed that she has rejected notices on adjournment motion and suspension of Question Hour to take up the issue, opposition members from Congress, RJD, TMC and Left trooped into the well raising slogans against the government and Sakshi Maharaj, who was present.
Amid slogans like ‘Hey Ram, hey Ram; Gandhi ke hatyare ko diya samman’ (eulogising Gandhi’s killer) and ‘doshi sarkar hai hai’ (down with the guilty government), the House took up Question Hour.
As the pandemonium continued, Mahajan adjourned the House for 10 minutes up to 11.25 a.m.
As soon as the House reassembled, Parliamentary Affairs Minister M Venkaiah Naidu said nobody can accept eulogising the assassin of Mahatma Gandhi. He said the government and the BJP do not agree with the proposition of the MP.
When Congress members said they were not satisfied with the Minister’s reply, Naidu shot back saying there are people who are “killing” the ideology of the Mahatma every day.
He said the opposition has no issue to raise still it is not allowing the House to function.
Disapproving the disruption, Mahajan said from tomorrow she will set aside the first five minutes for apologies.
Sakshi Maharaj rose to make a statement and said he respects the Mahatma and the House. “I withdraw my remarks. But my friends have no issue...Godse killed Gandhi long back but you killed the Mahatma’s ideology in 1984 during anti-Sikh riots,” he said.
As Congress members opposed his remarks, the BJP member said he expresses “regret” and “withdraws” his remarks.
As Opposition members shouted slogans in the Well, Sonia Gandhi was seen directing her party’s MPs. From her seat in the front bench, she also joined them in raising slogans.
Leader of Congress party Mallikarjun Kharge said the opposition will not allow the government to have its way just because it has majority.
As the din continued, Naidu said the member has already withdrawn his remarks and the government and the party disassociate and condemn such statements.
He said Gandhi never threatened anyone and went by rules and the Opposition was going against his teachings.
At the prodding of the Speaker, Sakshi Maharaj rose again to withdraw his remarks and “express regret before the House and the country.”
The proceedings were observed by a Pakistani delegation of legislators, who were seated in the Speaker’s Gallery.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

Suven Life Sciences obtains 5 product patentsHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Suven Life Sciences obtains 5 product patents
G Naga Sridhar
Tweet
Hyderabad, Dec 12:  
Suven Life Sciences Ltd has obtained two product patents from Israel and one each from from Japan, China and New Zealand for its New Chemical Entities (NCEs).
In a release issued here on Friday, the Hyderabad-based company said the granted claims of the patents include the class of selective 5-HT compounds discovered by Suven and were being developed as therapeutic agents.
``They are useful in the treatment of cognitive impairment associated with neurodegenerative disorders such as Alzheimer’s disease, attention deficient hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), Huntington’s disease, Parkinson and Schizophrenia,’’ it added.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

Panacea Biotec up 7% on strategic alliance with ApotexPanacea Biotec up 7% on strategic alliance with Apotex
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 12, 2014 12:57 PM IST
Panacea Biotec has gained 7% to 165 on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) after the company announced that it has entered into a strategic alliance with Apotex Inc. for research, development, license and supply of two drug delivery-based generic products for US, Canada, Australia and New Zealand.
Both companies intend to expand the scope of the alliance by adding new drug delivery based complex generic products to the collaboration.
Panacea Biotec shall undertake product development and shall manufacture and supply the products to Apotex, while Apotex shall be responsible for regular affairs, Hatch Waxman litigation and commercialisation activities in the territories, the company said in a statement.
The stock opened at Rs 153 and touched a high of Rs 174 on BSE after the announcements. A combined 225,113 shares changed hands till 1254 hours on BSE and NSE.

Sony exec says sorry for  insensitive  emails about Obama s raceSony executive says sorry for 'insensitive' emails about Barack Obama's race
Lisa Richwine     Los Angeles   Last Updated: December 12, 2014  | 14:27 IST
US President  Barack Obama
Sony Pictures Entertainment Co-Chairman Amy Pascal apologized on Thursday for "insensitive" jokes she made about President Barack Obama in emails that were stolen by hackers who recently attacked the studio's computer network.
The emails were exchanged between Pascal and film producer Scott Rudin, according to a report on the BuzzFeed website. Ahead of a breakfast event with the president, the pair joked about the type of movies Obama might like, mentioning films with African-American themes or stars.
"Should I ask him if he liked Django?" Pascal wrote, referring to slave revenge tale "Django Unchained." She later suggests "The Butler" or "Think Like a Man," the report said.
Reuters could not verify the accuracy of the emails.
In a statement on Thursday, Pascal acknowledged the existence of the emails, but did not confirm any details.
"The content of my emails to Scott were insensitive and inappropriate but are not an accurate reflection of who I am," Pascal said in a statement.
"Although this was a private communication that was stolen, I accept full responsibility for what I wrote and apologize to everyone who was offended," she said.
Civil rights activist Reverend Al Sharpton, who has recently spoken out against police brutality in dealing with black people, said Pascal's apology was "not enough" and her comments "reflect a continued lack of diversity in positions of power in Hollywood."
"These emails nominate Amy Pascal to be considered by some of us in the same light" as former Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling, Sharpton said in a statement.
Sharpton called on Pascal to immediately meet with black leaders, and said Sony must take steps "to respect the African American community and reflect that respect in their hiring and business practices."
Rudin also apologized on Thursday, saying the emails were "written in haste" and "meant to be in jest."
"To anybody I've offended, I'm profoundly and deeply sorry, and I regret and apologize for any injury they might have caused," he said in a statement.
Sony Pictures, a unit of Japan's Sony Corp, was the target of a massive cyber attack that became public on November 24 by unidentified hackers who released a trove of internal company data and emails. Sony has acknowledged that a large amount of data was stolen, but has declined to confirm specific documents.
(Reuters)

Notices to telcom firms for under-reporting of Rs 10 800 cr: GovtNotices to telcom firms for under-reporting of Rs 10,800 cr: Govt
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 12:  
Government has served showcause notices to various telecom firms for alleged under-reporting of revenues of over Rs 10,800 crore till November 2012, Lok Sabha was informed today.
“We have served notices for claims of Rs 10,826.69 crore to different telecom companies for under-reporting of revenues till November 2012,” Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said during Question Hour.
He, however, said most of the companies have approached the Telecom Disputes Settlement Appellate Tribunal and various courts against the government notices for claims of under-reporting and the tribunal and courts gave stay orders.
The Finance Minister refuted the claims by AAP member Bhagwant Mann that no case of under-reporting of revenue was registered by the government saying it was the Department of Telecom which dealt with such cases and not the Securities Exchange Board of India.
Many cases of under-reporting of revenues were registered by the DoT, he said.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

India can achieve 8-9% growth rate: Manmohan SinghIndia can achieve 8-9% growth rate: Manmohan Singh
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 12, 2014 01:47 PM IST
India can achieve a growth rate of 8-9 per cent provided there is a "national consensus" on methods to take advantage of globalised world, said former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, whose tenure saw the economy registering three years of 9-plus growth rate.
"I think that even though many other emerging economies are not doing too well, India has an opportunity to move towards a growth rate of 6-7 per cent and thereafter to 8 per cent," Singh said while delivering a lecture at Ficci.
He said the country is poised to take advantage of globalisation and engage in trade to finance its imports through exports.
"Today we cannot grow in isolation... India is well placed to take advantage of this situation provided we evolve a meaningful national consensus to move ahead," he said.
Except for India, other emerging economies -- like Brazil, Russia and South Africa -- are not doing well, Singh said, adding the country is posed for a 8-9 per cent growth.
"We are working towards a growth rate of 8-9 per cent. There are opportunities, there are risks. India is currently at least poised to create a milieu in which the growth story of India can be another worthwhile chapter in the evolving global economies," he said.
Indian economy was growing at over 9 per cent for three years before it was impacted by the global financial crisis of 2008. The growth rate fell to sub-5 per cent in two consecutive fiscals -- 2012-13 and 2013-14.
In the current fiscal, the government estimates the growth to be between 5.4-5.9 per cent.
Singh said a meaningful solution to India's problems of poverty, ignorance and diseases can be found only in the framework of rapidly expanding economy.
"There is a broad consensus that we need a growth rate of 8-9 per cent to create 10-12 million jobs every year if we have to conquer unemployment within our life-time," he said.

Sun TV stock falls on ED probing Maran brothersSun TV stock falls 8.55% on report ED probed Maran brothers
BT Online Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 12, 2014  | 17:44 IST
The Sun TV stock fell on Friday on a news report that the Enforcement Directorate has questioned the Maran brothers-Dayanidhi and Kalanithi-in connection with the criminal case in the money laundering probe linked to the Aircel-Maxis deal .
At 2:03 pm, the stock fell to Rs 345.15, down 8.18 per cent on the BSE. It fell to Rs 335.65 intra day, down 10 per cent. The Sensex was trading 167 points lower at 27,434 points. The stock fell 8.55 per cent to Rs 343 on the BSE.
"Both the Marans have been questioned and their statements recorded under the provisions of the Prevention of Money Laundering Act. They could be summoned again," sources told Press Trust of India.
The duo were questioned about their personal and official financial dealings and on specific charges related to the deal.
Some documents submitted by them are being scrutinised, they said.
(With PTI inputs)

US envoy says no sign North Korea wants to reopentalksBy: Associated Press | Beijing |
Posted: December 12, 2014 1:58 pm
Despite North Korea’s recent freeing of three American captives, the hardline communist state’s leadership appears no closer to reopening a dialogue with the outside, the chief U.S. envoy for North Korea said Friday.
Ambassador Sung Kim said the U.S. and others still believe that six-nation talks on ending North Korea’s nuclear programs are the best way to proceed. Kim said the U.S. would also welcome talking directly with North Korea if there was a possibility of substantive discussions.
However, he told reporters in Beijing at the end of a regional visit that North Korea had ignored the opportunity for discussions offered by the release in October and November of the three Americans.
“Unfortunately, we haven’t seen any indication that the release of American citizens is changing North Korea’s attitudes or approach on the nuclear issue,” Kim said. “On the important question of how we can resume serious negotiations toward denuclearization, so far they have indicated no interest in doing so.”
The six-party talks, also including Japan, Russia, China and South Korea, stalled six years ago after North Korea withdrew.
Americans Jeffrey Fowle, Kenneth Bae and Mathew Miller were unconditionally released by North Korea. Bae and Miller left Pyongyang aboard an official U.S. government plane accompanied by U.S. spy chief James Clapper, marking an extremely rare visit to North Korea by an American Cabinet official.
The U.S. and North Korea fought each other during the 1950-53 Korean War and have no diplomatic relations amid continuing tensions between the North and U.S. ally South Korea.

US envoy says no sign North Korea wants to reopen talksBy: Associated Press | Beijing |
Posted: December 12, 2014 1:58 pm
Despite North Korea’s recent freeing of three American captives, the hardline communist state’s leadership appears no closer to reopening a dialogue with the outside, the chief U.S. envoy for North Korea said Friday.
Ambassador Sung Kim said the U.S. and others still believe that six-nation talks on ending North Korea’s nuclear programs are the best way to proceed. Kim said the U.S. would also welcome talking directly with North Korea if there was a possibility of substantive discussions.
However, he told reporters in Beijing at the end of a regional visit that North Korea had ignored the opportunity for discussions offered by the release in October and November of the three Americans.
“Unfortunately, we haven’t seen any indication that the release of American citizens is changing North Korea’s attitudes or approach on the nuclear issue,” Kim said. “On the important question of how we can resume serious negotiations toward denuclearization, so far they have indicated no interest in doing so.”
The six-party talks, also including Japan, Russia, China and South Korea, stalled six years ago after North Korea withdrew.
Americans Jeffrey Fowle, Kenneth Bae and Mathew Miller were unconditionally released by North Korea. Bae and Miller left Pyongyang aboard an official U.S. government plane accompanied by U.S. spy chief James Clapper, marking an extremely rare visit to North Korea by an American Cabinet official.
The U.S. and North Korea fought each other during the 1950-53 Korean War and have no diplomatic relations amid continuing tensions between the North and U.S. ally South Korea.

Ami Bera new co-chair of Congressional India...Ami Bera
(Representing Sacramento…)
WASHINGTON: Ami Bera , the lone Indian- American serving in the Congress and his Republican colleague George Holding would be the new co-chairs of the powerful Congressional Caucus on India.
The outgoing co-chairs Joseph Crowley from New York and Peter Roskam from Illinois announced that Bera from California and Holding from North Carolina will serve as the new co-chairs for the 114th Congress.
"Ami is an accomplished physician, a staunch advocate for his constituents, and is a go-to member when it comes to working constructively in Congress," Crowley said.
"His passion for the issues is impressive, and there is no question the Caucus will be in excellent hands. The Indian-American community has a wonderful partner in Ami Bera, and I look forward to working with him, and the entire India Caucus, as we continue our efforts to strengthen relations between the US and India," Crowley said.
He was recently elected for his second consecutive term. "I'm excited to take on this new role at a critical time for the partnership between the US and India," he said.
"Building on Prime Minister Modi's visit to the US in September and President Obama's upcoming trip to India, I look forward to working with Congressman Holding and our colleagues in the Caucus to continue to grow the economic and strategic relationship between our countries and to advocate for the Indian American community," Bera said.
The US-India bilateral relationship can be one of the defining partnerships of this century, Holding said.
"With a shifting geopolitical situation in Asia, unwavering cooperation between the US and India is essential to promoting peace and stability," Holding said.
Representing Sacramento County in Congress, Bera, born and raised in California, is a physician and only the third Indian American ever to serve in Congress.
A member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, Bera is a proponent of strengthening United States' strategic and economic ties with India and Asia and is working to open Asian markets to California products to create new jobs. He is also fighting for equal rights for the Indian American community.
Crowley has served as co-chair of the India Caucus in the 112th and 113th Congresses.
Formed in 1993, the India Caucus is a bipartisan group of members that is dedicated to championing strong ties between the US and India and supporting the Indian-American community.
FEATURED ARTICLES

TCS sinks about 3% on rejig buzz | Sun TV cracks 8%  GAIL down 4%You are here: Home > Collections > Tcs
Tata Consultancy Services falls on rejig buzz
Reuters Dec 12, 2014, 04.48PM IST
Tags:
commentary
(TCS fell as much as 2.62%…)
Tata Consultancy Services fell as much as 2.62 per cent in intraday session as traders speculated that the company may announce some restructuring, which may impact earnings outlook.
The stock ended the day at Rs 2,455.70; down 1.48%, on the BSE.
TCS will provide a business update later in the day, according to analysts.
TCS does a sell-side meeting before every quarter end. Management's commentary on FY15 dollar revenue growth will be key, according to analysts.
Stock has 34 'buy' ratings, 16 'hold' and 2 'sell' ratings, Thomson Reuters data showed.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sakshi Maharaj regrets Godse remarks in Lok SabhaSakshi Maharaj regrets Godse remarks in LS
PTI  New Delhi, December 12, 2014
First Published: 13:17 IST(12/12/2014) | Last Updated: 17:03 IST(12/12/2014)
Comments
A united opposition on Friday forced BJP member Sakshi Maharaj to express regret in Lok Sabha and withdraw his remarks terming Mahatma Gandhi's assassin Nathuram Godse a patriot.
Congress president Sonia Gandhi joined opposition members in raising slogans against the government and the BJP member. Soon after speaker Sumitra Mahajan referred to the December 13, 2001 Parliament attack, members from Congress and RJD referred to the BJP MP's controversial remarks.
When the speaker informed that she has rejected notices on adjournment motion and suspension of Question Hour to take up the issue, opposition members from Congress, RJD, TMC and Left trooped into the Well raising slogans against the government and Sakshi Maharaj, who was present.
Amid slogans like 'Hey Ram, hey Ram; Gandhi ke hatyare ko diya samman' (eulogising Gandhi's killer) and 'doshi sarkar hai hai' (down with the guilty government), the House took up Question Hour.
As the pandemonium continued, Mahajan adjourned the House for 10 minutes up to 11.25am. As soon as the House reassembled, parliamentary affairs minister M Venkaiah Naidu said nobody can accept eulogising the assassin of Mahatma Gandhi.
He said the government and the BJP do not agree with the proposition of the MP. When Congress members said they were not satisfied with the Minister's reply, Naidu shot back saying there are people who are "killing" the ideology of the Mahatma every day.
He said the opposition has no issue to raise still it is not allowing the House to function. Disapproving the disruption, Mahajan said from tomorrow she will set aside the first five minutes for apologies.
Sakshi Maharaj rose to make a statement and said he respects the Mahatma and the House. "I withdraw my remarks. But my friends have no issue...Godse killed Gandhi long back but you killed the Mahatma's ideology in 1984 during anti-Sikh riots," he said.

Sensex Fall Over 150 Points; Gail Sinks 6%You are here: Home Market
Sensex Turns Negative, Nifty Falls Below 8,300
NDTV | Updated On: December 12, 2014 12:10 (IST)
Indian markets turned negative in the noon trade as IT stocks which pushed the benchmark indices higher in the morning trade succumbed to selling pressure.
The Sensex fell over 50 points to 27,545, while the 50-share Nifty fell to 8,279.
Infosys, which was up over 2 per cent pared some of its gains and was up 1 per cent only. Other IT outsourcers like TCS, HCL Tech and Tech Mahindra all turned negative falling between 0.5 to 1.5 per cent. The IT sub-index of National Stock Exchange was up only 0.1 per cent, off from its day's high.
Shares in oil explorers continued to drag the benchmark indices further. Cairn India fell nearly 3 per cent, while ONGC was down over 2 per cent amid margin concerns on account of falling crude oil prices. GAIL India slumped nearly 4 per cent to be the top Nifty loser.
Pharma and FMCG stocks gained as investors preferred to stay with defensives amid uncertainty in the market. Sun Pharma gained 1.3 per cent, while Lupin was up around 1 per cent. The CNX Pharma index gained 0.8 per cent and the FMCG index was up 0.3 per cent.
As of 11.47 a.m. Sensex traded 37 points lower at 27,565 and the Nifty was down 8 points at 8,285.
Story first published on: December 12, 2014 12:10 (IST)

Expect 10% correction in Tata Motors: Amit HarchekarLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Expect 10% correction in Tata Motors: Amit Harchekar
Amit Harchekar – Chief Technical Strategist at A PLUS Analytics expects at least 10 percent correction in Tata Motors.
Post your opinion here
Halftime Report
Amit Harchekar – Chief Technical Strategist at A PLUS Analytics told CNBC-TV18, "Our view on entire auto sector is negative. Tata Motors  has seen a formation of a bearish diamond top on the daily chart and we believe that is a highly bearish pattern. Technically, the stock has already broken down below the crucial support of Rs 510 and that transforms into a price target around Rs 455-465."
"On the derivative front, the stock has seen a massive build up of short positions. We have seen additions of nearly 22 lakh shares of open interest on the short side in the last trading session. So we believe that the stock is poised for at least a 10 percent correction in the
coming days," he said.
Disclosure: Analyst and his family members do not have any positions in the stock mentioned but may have recommed the stock to his clients.
RELATED NEWS

Short HDFC  advises Amit HarchekarLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Short HDFC, advises Amit Harchekar
Amit Harchekar – Chief Technical Strategist at A PLUS Analytics recommends shorting HDFC with a target of Rs 1020.
Post your opinion here
Halftime Report
Amit Harchekar – Chief Technical Strategist at A PLUS Analytics told CNBC-TV18, " Housing Development Finance Corporation (HFDC) has formed a bearish head and shoulder pattern and today the stock has already moved below the neckline support of Rs 1,110. So, we believe that the stock is likely to head towards the support zone of Rs 1,020-1,050 in the coming days. It has seen addition of nearly 17.2 lakh shares of open interest in last eight trading sessions and we believe this would force some delivery based selling in the coming days."
"Keeping a stoploss of Rs 1,140 we are recommending going short on HFDC for a target of Rs 1,020 in the coming days," he added.
At 13:51 hrs Housing Development Finance Corporation was quoting at Rs 1,087.80, down Rs 5.65, or 0.52 percent. It has touched an intraday high of Rs 1,102 and an intraday low of Rs 1,086.
Disclosure: Analyst and his family members do not have any positions in the stock mentioned but may have recommed the stock to his clients.
RELATED NEWS

Capri Global Capital s board meeting on December 19  2014Dec 12, 2014, 02.03 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Capri Global Capital's board meeting on December 19, 2014
Capri Global Capital Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on December 19, 2014, to consider and approve the merger of four wholly owned subsidiary companies with the Company.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Capri Global Capital's board meeting on December 19, 2014
Capri Global Capital Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on December 19, 2014, to consider and approve the merger of four wholly owned subsidiary companies with the Company.
Post your opinion here
 
Capri Global Capital Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on December 19, 2014, inter alia, to consider and approve following items of agenda:1. Merger of four wholly owned subsidiary companies with the Company.2. Investment in a Joint venture abroad.Furdier, as per the Company's Code for Prohibition of Insider Trading, the trading window for dealing in the shares of the Company shall remain closed from December 12, 2014 to December 22, 2014 (both days inclusive) for the Directors/ officers/ designated employees of the Company, who have already been informed of the same.Source : BSE

Make in India  should not merely focus on manufacturing:RajanMake in India  should not merely focus on manufacturing:Rajan
BSE SME listed firms  market value crosses Rs 10 000 cr markBSE SME listed firms  market value crosses Rs 10 000 cr mark
Hong Kong protest site opens upHong Kong protest site opens up
Raghuram Rajan calls for incentivising domestic savingsRaghuram Rajan calls for incentivising domestic savings
Indian share markets remain in redIndian share markets remain in red
Govt likely to resolve GST deadlock this weekGovt likely to resolve GST deadlock this week
Rajan asks govt to widen focus beyond merchandise export-led growthRajan sings a different tune, pitches for 'Make for India'
BS Reporter | New Delhi Dec 13, 2014 12:25 AM IST
As the Narendra Modi government goes on an overdrive in its  ‘Make  in India’ campaign, there is a word of advice from  Reserve Bank  of India (RBI) Governor Raghuram Rajan.
Amid the slowing of the world economy, Rajan on Friday cautioned the government against too much focus on merchandise export-led growth through this campaign and advised to supplement it with ‘Make for India’.
However, since domestic demand tends to get overstimulated, the government will have to frame suitable fiscal policies and RBI itself will have to ensure inflation remains  low, Rajan said in his Bharat Ram Memorial Lecture here.
He  said the path  of  disinflation may not be as  steep in India as in industrialised nations and disclosed that  RBI  will  talk to the government on the timeline beyond 2016 to keep inflation at four per cent, plus-minus two per cent.  
To finance domestic demand responsibly, he advised that it be financed primarily through internal  sources and suggested some more budgetary benefits  for savings in this regard.
The finance ministry has already started preparing for the Budget for 2016-17.
“The world is unlikely to be able to accommodate another export-led China,” Rajan said in his address, organised by industry body Ficci, in New Delhi on Friday.
Clarifying he was not suggesting pessimism for exports, he said, “I am counselling against an export-led strategy that involves subsidising exporters with cheap inputs, as well as an undervalued exchange rate, simply because it is unlikely to be very effective at this juncture.”
Rajan, formerl chief economic advisor in the finance ministry, said India would have to compete with China, which still has some surplus agricultural labour to draw on, when it decided to push manufacturing exports. “Export-led growth will not be as easy as it was for the Asian economies that took that path before us.”
Besides, industrial countries had themselves been improving capital-intensive flexible manufacturing, so much so that some manufacturing activity was being “re-shored”, he said. “Any emerging market wanting to export manufacturing goods will have to contend with this new phenomenon.”
If external demand growth is likely to be muted, India has to produce for the internal market. “This means we have to work on creating the strongest sustainable unified market we can which requires a reduction in transaction costs of buying and selling across the country,” the governor said.
Improvements in the physical transportation network would help but so would fewer, but more efficient and competitive intermediaries in the supply chain from the producer to consumer, he said.
At a time when the Centre is struggling to evolve a consensus with states on the issue of a national goods & services tax (GST), Rajan said: “A well designed GST Bill, by reducing state border taxes, will have the important consequence of creating a truly national market for goods and services, which will be critical for our growth in years to come.”
He also said the government would have to frame suitable fiscal policies and RBI itself would have to ensure inflation remained low, since domestic demand tends to get overstimulated.
He further pointed out that the path of disinflation might not be as steep in India as in developed nations and the glide path as advocated by the Urjit Patel committee suited the country.
He said RBI would consult the government on the timeline beyond 2016 to keep inflation at 4% (plus or minus 2%), and suggested domestic demand had to be financed responsibly, as far as possible through domestic savings.
“Our banking system is undergoing some stress. Our banks have to learn from past mistakes in project evaluation and structuring, as they finance the immense needs of the economy,” he advised. They (banks) would also have to improve their efficiency as they compete with new players like the recently licensed universal banks, as well as the soon-to-be licensed payment and small finance banks.
“At the same time, we should not make their task harder by creating impediments in the process of turning around, or recovering, stressed assets. RBI, the government, as well as courts have considerable work to do here,” Rajan said, pitching for financial inclusion and some Budget sops to boost savings.
“The income tax benefits for an individual to save were largely fixed in nominal terms until the recent Budget; this means the real value of the benefits has eroded. Some budgetary incentives for household savings could help ensure the country’s investment is largely financed from domestic savings,” he said.
Rajan said it was worth debating whether India needed more institutions to ensure deficits stayed within control and the quality of Budgets remained high.
“A number of countries have independent Budget offices and committees that opine on Budgets. These offices are especially important in scoring budgetary estimates, including unfunded long-term liabilities that industrial countries have shown are so easy to contract in times of growth, and hard to actually deliver.”
In addition to inflation, he said, a central bank had to pay attention to financial stability. This was a secondary objective but might become central if the economy entered a low-inflation credit and asset-price boom. “Financial stability sometimes means regulators, including the central bank, have to go against popular sentiment.”
The role of regulators was not to boost the Sensex but to ensure the underlying fundamentals of the economy and its financial system were sound enough for sustainable growth, he said. “Any positive consequences to the Sensex are welcome but are only a collateral benefit, not the objective.”
While emphasising on policies to attract foreign direct investment to fund the country’s current account deficit, Rajan said policies should not compromise India’s interests.
In this regard, Rajan said, the requirements to patent a medicine in India were perfectly reasonable, no matter what  international drug companies said. He also said policies should not focus only on FDI but promote young entrepreneurs, arguing “if we make it easier for young Indian companies to do business, we will also make it easier for foreign companies to invest, for both are outsiders to the system”.
This meant a transparent and quick legal process to deal with contractual disputes, and a proper system of bankruptcy to deal with distress — both issues the government had taken on, he said.
Noting that India did not belong to any power bloc, Rajan advised it, besides other emerging countries, to not only ensure quota reforms in the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank but inject new agenda, new ideas and new thinking into the global arena. “No longer will it suffice for India to simply object to industrial countries’ proposals; it will have to put some of its own on the table.”

U.S.-Bound Jet Diverts After Passengers  Crew Get Sicku.s.-bound jet diverts after passengers  crew get sick
Govt sets April deadline for rollout of foodlawCommodities see longest losing streak in 23 years
The food ministry on Wednesday asked states, including UP, West Bengal, Gujarat, Odisha and Andhra Pradesh, to roll out the National Food Security Act (NFSA) by March 2015 or else they would have to buy foodgrains meant for above poverty line (APL) families at the minimum support price (MSP) given to farmers.
For distribution of foodgrains to APL families through Targeted Public Distribution System (TPDS), the food ministry provides foodgrains at R6 per kg for wheat and R8 per kg for rice. While NFSA envisages providing foodgrains at R2 per kg and R3 per kg for rice and wheat respectively to all the targeted beneficiaries.
Eleven states and Union territories — Punjab, Haryana, Rajasthan, Himachal Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, Bihar, Chhattisgarh, Maharashtra, Karnataka, Delhi and Chandigarh — have so far implemented the Act, some fully and others partially.
However, many of the larger states, including Uttar Pradesh, West Bengal, Odisha, Jharkhand, Andhra Pradesh and Telangana, with a substantial poor population, are yet to take the plunge.
“We have asked 25 states to expedite implementation of food law. We have given a warning that if they fail to meet April deadline, the Centre will stop supply of subsidised APL foodgrains to them”, food minister Ram Vilas Paswan said .
Food ministry official said that there is no provision for supply of subsidised foodgrains to APL families under the new law and, therefore, the government has issued such a warning.
At present, the government is allocating foodgrains to 11 states or UTs as per the new food security law, while the rest 25 are getting foodgrains quota as per earlier TPDS norms.
“We have given time till February to states which have implemented partially to put in place requisite infrastructure. If digitisation of beneficiaries is not completed, we will supply foodgrains to the extent of the online list of beneficiaries,” Paswan said.
However, Jharkhand and Odisha have informed the food ministry that they will be able to roll out the food security legislation by only June and August, 2015, respectively.
Paswan said that Gujarat and Andhra Pradesh have assured that they will be able to roll out food security legislation by April, 2015.
“In Haryana, only less than 10% computerisation of TPDS has been done. In Himachal Pradesh and Karnataka, no mechanism has been put in place for door step delivery of ration supply, while Madhya Pradesh has not yet completed Aadhaar card coverage,” Paswan said.
In October, the government had deferred the country-wide rollout of the NFSA, 2013 by another six months, to the first week of April 2015, because of states’ inability to create requisite infrastructure and identify beneficiaries.
This is the second time the government has deferred the pan-India roll-out of the Act, which envisages providing highly subsidised foodgrains to 84 crore people. The food security legislation was passed in Parliament in July last year and states were given a year’s time to complete the roll- out.
Post Comments
More from commodities

Bourses fortnightly turnover records first rise of thisfiscalCommodities see longest losing streak in 23 years
The turnover of commodity exchanges rose for the first time this fiscal in the second fortnight of November, according to the latest FMC data. Although the turnover went up 8.3% to R8.32 lakh crore in the second fortnight of November, trading value during the April-November period this fiscal was still down 48% from a year before.
Trading in high-value products such as bullion, energy and metals — the worst performing segments in the futures market this fiscal — rebounded in November, boosting the overall turnover of various exchanges.
The turnover of bullion trading across exchanges rose 3.5% during the second fortnight of November. However, it was still down 58.5% year-on-year since April, mainly due to a steep fall earlier this fiscal. Similarly, trading in energy futures was the best performer last fortnight with a 57.1% rise in turnover, although the segment has still witnessed a 47.5% fall since April. Interestingly, the trading value of farm commodities dropped the most (41.6%) in the last fortnight from a year before.
The latest rise in the trading of bullion and energy futures augur well for MCX, which primarily deals in metals and energy products.
Earlier, analysts had blamed a 0.01% of transaction tax on non-farm commodity derivatives, imposed since last July, the spill-over effect of a settlement crisis at the National Spot Exchange (NSEL) and an investor shift towards equity for the plunge in the overall turnover across exchanges. The FMC data showed that the turnover of various exchanges during the April 1-November 30 period was still down at R39.88 lakh crore.
NCDEX gets nod for 17 more contracts
The Forward Markets Commission (FMC) has allowed the National Commodity and Derivatives Exchange (NCDEX) to launch 17 more futures contracts.
The contracts are in cotton (29 mm), barley, castor seed, chilli, coriander, crude palm oil, chana, guar gum, guar seed, jeera, rapeseed-mustard seed, refined soyaoil, shankar kapas, soybean, turmeric, cotton seed oil-cake and wheat, the commodity futures market regulator said on Wednesday.
Norms for warehouse accreditation relaxed
The Warehousing Development and Regulatory Authority (WDRA) has relaxed certain norms to expedite the process of registration as well as accreditation of warehouses.
“The WDRA has taken various steps to ensure faster registration of warehouses. WDRA has issued revised norms for accreditation of warehouses by which requirement about insurance, laboratory and testing requirements, plinth height requirements, fire fighting mechanisms, have been relaxed,” the FMC said in its latest report, citing a meeting of WDRA chairman with various warehouse service providers on November 27.
“Further, WDRA has also relaxed the requirement of submission of registered lease deed/rent agreement for warehouses, wherein the unregistered lease deed/ rent agreement which clearly mentions that the warehouse is in possession of warehouse service provider (WSP) would be accepted by WDRA for the purpose of registration,” the report said.
The government made it mandatory for warehouses to register with the WDRA after the R5,600-crore settlement crisis at the National Spot Exchange (NSEL) last year.
Last month, the FMC issued uniform norms for accreditation of warehouse services providers by the commodity exchanges to ensure credibility of warehouses and the warehousing receipts issued by them. Currently, commodity exchanges follow different norms while giving accreditation to warehouses on their platform.
Post Comments
More from commodities

No Pope meeting for Dalai Lama as Vatican eyes China tiesTata Motors sales up 10 pct in December
Pope Francis will not meet the Dalai Lama when the exiled Tibetan spiritual leader visits Rome this weekend, a Vatican spokesman said today — a decision apparently seeking to avoid upsetting China.
The Dalai Lama arrives in the Italian capital tomorrow for three days to attend a meeting with other Nobel peace laureates. The event was moved to Italy from South Africa after the Pretoria government, anxious to foster economic ties with Beijing, declined to issue a visa for the 79-year-old Buddhist leader.
Sources said the Vatican decision to sidestep an opportunity to meet the Dalai Lama reflects concern over what would inevitably be a furious Chinese reaction, and a desire not to jeopardise efforts to build bridges with Beijing or risk retaliation against the country’s small Catholic community.
“Pope Francis obviously holds the Dalai Lama in very high regard but he will not be meeting any of the Nobel laureates,” the Vatican spokesman said, adding that the pontiff would be sending a video message to their conference.
It is now more than eight years since the Dalai Lama was last granted a papal audience by Francis’s predecessor Benedict XVI in October 2006.
Critics of the pacifying approach say it is at odds with the pope’s emphasis on interfaith dialogue. Relations with Buddhism are expected to be a central theme of Francis’s visit to Sri Lanka next month.
The Vatican has not had diplomatic relations with China since they were broken off by Mao in 1951.
On a visit to South Korea in August, the pope called for a normalisation of relations, but insisted that could only happen if China’s Catholics are accorded the right to exercise their religion freely, and when the Vatican is allowed to appoint bishops in the world’s most populous country.
On his way back from Korea, Francis said he would visit China as soon as the Church was allowed to do its job there.
Researchers say there are about 12 million practising Catholics in China, half of whom attend services under the auspices of a state-controlled association. The other half are involved in clandestine churches which swear allegiance to the Vatican.
Post Comments
More from industry

GENE BLEVINS / Reutersgene blevins / reuters
US Crude Drops Below $59  Weakest Level Since July 2009You are here: Home Commodities
US Crude Drops Below $59, Weakest Level Since July 2009
Reuters | Updated On: December 12, 2014 08:00 (IST)
Non-subsidised LPG Rate Cut by Rs 43.50 Per Cylinder
Seoul: US crude dropped more than $1 to a fresh 5-1/2 year low below $59 a barrel in early Asian trade on Friday, extending losses on persistent concerns over a supply glut and a bearish demand outlook.
Front-month US crude was down 87 cents at $59.08 a barrel by 2351 GMT after falling as low as $58.85, the weakest intraday level since July 2009. The contract has lost more than 10 per cent so far this week, on course for a third weekly drop.
January Brent crude slipped 56 cents to settle at $63.68 per barrel on Thursday after marking a fresh 5-1/2-year low of $63.05.
Brent has nearly halved in value since June when it traded above $115. It has lost nearly 8 per cent this week.
"Following earlier gains amid short-covering, oil quickly fell as its fundamentals - lower forecast demand and a supply surplus - remain weak," Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Ltd (ANZ) said in a note on Friday.
The ANZ note added that weak Chinese economic data could retain downward pressure on prices of commodities, referring to China's monthly activity indicators due later on Friday.
Oil prices have tanked since Wednesday after a 5 per cent drop was caused by a surprise jump in US crude and distillates inventories and remarks by Saudi Arabia's oil minister Ali al-Naimi reiterating that the kingdom will not cut output.
The market outlook is uncertain with some speculating that other OPEC members such as Algeria and Venezuela may convince the group to hold an emergency meeting early next year. Yet others doubt that Saudi Arabia would agree to production cuts even if such a meeting is held.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

LIC Reduces Stake in Indian Hotels by 2.01%You are here: Home Market
LIC Reduces Stake in Indian Hotels by 2.01%
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 11, 2014 22:43 (IST)
Sensex Rises More Than 300 Points; Bank Nifty Hits Record
New Delhi: State-owned Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) has reduced its stake in Tata group hospitality firm Indian Hotels Company by 2.01 per cent as it sold 11.75 crore shares in the open market.
LIC, which had 14.56 per cent stake earlier, brought down its shareholding in the company to 12.55 per cent by selling shares between November 26, 2009, and December 10, 2014, said in a filing to the BSE.
For the second quarter September 30, 2014 Indian Hotels Company reported a narrowing of its consolidated net loss to Rs 97.69 crore against a net loss of Rs 433.48 crore for the corresponding quarter of the previous fiscal.
Its consolidated total income from operations in the second quarter grew to Rs 937 crore for the quarter under consideration as against Rs 895.92 crore for the same period a year ago.
Shares of Indian Hotels closed at Rs 118.05 apiece, down 2.60 per cent from their previous close on the BSE.
Story first published on: December 11, 2014 22:42 (IST)

After 14 years  new hopes for release of Irom SharmilaBy: Press Trust of India | Kolkata |
Posted: December 12, 2014 10:44 am | Updated: December 12, 2014 11:15 am
With the central government deciding to decriminalise attempt to suicide, there is fresh hope for the release of civil rights activist Irom Chanu Sharmila who has been on a fast-unto-death for 14 years.
“We are very happy to know that the government will have to release Sharmila once the law is changed. Whatever happens she will continue with her fight for the repeal of the ‘draconian’ Armed Forces Special Powers Act (AFSPA),” said Sharmila’s brother Irom Singhajit.
The family is, however, worried about what will happen to the ‘Iron Lady of Manipur’ if she is not forcibly nose-fed in Imphal’s Jawahar Lal Nehru Hospital, a special ward of which acts as a prison for her.
“There will definitely be a risk to her life in that case but she will carry on her fast. Her resolve is very strong,” he said.
Demanding repeal of the AFSPA, 42-year-old Sharmila has refused to eat or drink anything since November, 2000. On the charge of making an attempt to commit suicide, she had been arrested, released and then re-arrested from time to time.
The maximum punishment under Section 309 of the Indian Penal Code is a one-year jail term. Minister of State for Home Haribhai Parathibhai Chaudhary recently told the Rajya Sabha that with the backing of 22 states and Union territories, the government decided to delete Section 309 of the IPC.
Manipur ADG (Intelligence) Santosh Macherla said the only charge brought against Sharmila was under Section 309.
“There is only one charge against her for which she is kept under judicial custody. We follow the magistrate’s decision according to the law of the land,” he said.
Sharmila’s long-time associate Babloo Loitongbam said that the Section 309 turned Sharmila’s political fight into a criminal act.
“When the law is passed, her movement would become fully political,” Loitongbam, who runs “Just Peace Foundation”, said, adding that to keep Sharmila alive a magistrate can pass orders to feed her.
“Since the state has a responsibility to protect life they can feed her whenever she collapses,” said the human rights activist.
Manipur Women Gun Survivors Network founder Binalakshmi Nepram, however, said the main issue was removal of AFSPA and not Section 309.
“It is AFSPA which is the bigger question before us. Removal of Section 309 is not the concern for the people of Manipur,” she said.

BSE Sensex recovers 64 points ahead of inflation  IIP dataStreet sees good show after stellar year
The benchmark BSE Sensex today recovered over 64 points in early trade as participants indulged in fresh buying ahead of the retail inflation and IIP data due later in the day.
The 30-share index gained 64.20 points, or 0.23 per cent, to trade at 27,766.21 with stocks of IT, capital goods, metal and realty sectors leading the recovery. It had lost 229.09 points in the previous session.
The National Stock Exchange Nifty regained the 8,300-mark by rising 24.45 points, or 0.29 per cent, to 8,317.35.
Brokers said fresh buying by speculators and funds ahead of industrial production (IIP) data for October and inflation for November, to be released later in the day, contributed to the rise.
Further, a firming trend in other Asian markets following overnight gains at the US markets influenced trading sentiments here, they said.
Among other Asian markets, Hong Kong’s Hang Seng was up 0.15 per cent while Japan’s Nikkei rose 0.35 per cent in early trade today.
The US Dow Jones Industrial Average ended 0.36 per cent higher in yesterday’s trade.
Post Comments
More from indianmarkets

Havells slips on lower revenue growth guidanceStreet sees good show after stellar year
Havells’ stock price fell sharply after the management scaled down its FY15 standalone revenue growth guidance from 17-20% to 12-14% due to the weak demand environment.
Moreover, the management highlighted that its FY15 ebitda margin guidance of 5-6% for Sylvania is unlikely to be met due to: (a) higher provisions related to pension liabilities; and (b) adverse currency movements in Latin American countries.
Thus, we expect consensus to downgrade its FY15 and FY16 consolidated PAT estimates by 6-9%. The stock is currently trading at rich valuations of 27.0x FY16 P/E, a 50% premium to its cross-cycle average.
Rising competition in switchgears and fans (mostprofitable segments) and no signs of any recovery in the European market can act as negative catalysts for Havells. Our stance and estimates are currently ‘under review’.
Whilst the management’s rationale for the cut in the guidance is the continued weakness in demand in H2FY15 vs the earlier expectation of a revival in demand, we believe one of the reasons can also be the rising competitive intensity.
The management expects an increase in the provisions related to the pension liabilities of Sylvania for FY15. Moreover, the significant currency volatility in Latin American countries is also having an adverse impact on the operating margins of Sylvania. Consequently, the Ebitda margin guidance of 5-6% for Sylvania may not to be met.
Ambit Capital
Post Comments
More from indianmarkets

Sensex  Nifty marginally up; Bharti gains 2%  GAIL falls 4%Dec 12, 2014, 12.04 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex, Nifty marginally up; Bharti gains 2%, GAIL falls 4%
Bharti Airtel, Sun Pharma, Maruti, Tata Power and Infosys are top gainers while GAIL, ONGC, M&M, Sesa Sterlite and BHEL are laggards in the Sensex.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex, Nifty marginally up; Bharti gains 2%, GAIL falls 4%
Bharti Airtel, Sun Pharma, Maruti, Tata Power and Infosys are top gainers while GAIL, ONGC, M&M, Sesa Sterlite and BHEL are laggards in the Sensex.
Post your opinion here
11:04
Moneycontrol Bureau
11:50 am Interview: From beginning of the year, the Bajaj Electricals stock saw a one-way rally till May, post which the company posted weak numbers for two consecutive quarters, which resulted in putting pressure on the stock. This at a time when its peers Havells, Crompton Greaves and TTK Prestige posted good second quarter numbers. The company is seeing rising weakness in its lighting business. EBIT margin of the segment remained weak at 2.8 percent due to a decline in CFL sales and flat luminaries sales growth.
The management expects weakness in the CFL business to continue, given increasing competition from LEDs. Prices of LEDs are falling sharply, which makes the outlook for CFLs look bleak. Bajaj Electricals CMD Shekhar Bajaj says with winter not setting in yet, sales of winter-dependent products are yet to pick up. Also, with online retailers offering such steep discounts, there is confusion in the minds of consumers. They expect discount on every product and hence wait to make a purchase. Consumers fail to see that these e-tailers offer discount on just 10 percent of their products.
11:30 am Market outlook: Crude is the big theme that will drive market trend in the near to medium term, says Raamdeo Agrawal, Joint MD, Motilal Oswal. He says that falling crude is a bigger theme than even the change of government at the centre earlier this year. “Provided the fall in crude prices is sustainable and not just a one-quarter phenomenon,” Agrawal added as a caveat.
He sees petrochemical companies posting huge losses in the September quarter because of the steep decline in their inventory of crude. However, it will fire up the earnings of many companies whose raw material prices are linked to crude. Agrawal says it will give a big boost to the earnings of consumer companies as it will be upto them to decide how much of the benefits they would like to pass on. Commodity companies will have no such advantage as they will have to pass on the fall in commodity prices.
Don't miss: Exide rises 2%, bullish Citi ups target on stable pricing
The market is still consolidating with positive bias. The Sensex is up 67.87 points at 27669.88 and the Nifty is up 21.05 points at 8313.95. About 1423 shares have advanced, 801 shares declined, and 98 shares are unchanged.
Bharti Airtel, Sun Pharma, Maruti, Tata Power and Infosys are top gainers while GAIL, ONGC, M&M, Sesa Sterlite and BHEL are laggards in the Sensex.
Crude oil futures plunged 2.57 percent to Rs 3,718 per barrel today as participants indulged
in offloading their positions amid a weakening trend in Asian trade where it sank below the psychological USD60-mark. At the Multi Commodity Exchange, crude oil for delivery
in current month contracts fell sharply by Rs 98, or 2.57 percent, to Rs 3,718 per barrel in 1,952 lots.
Gold slipped as the dollar rose after robust U.S. economic data but the metal was on track for its biggest weekly climb since June following gains earlier in the week from safe-haven demand. The metal has risen 2.8 percent this week, although it failed to build on strong gains that took it to a seven-week high on Wednesday.
10:00

ILFS Engineering up 13%  arm bags order in Saudi ArabiaDec 12, 2014, 11.00 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
IL&FS Engineering up 13%, arm bags order in Saudi Arabia
"Maytas Infra Saudi Arabia (MISA), a subsidiary of IL&FS, on Thursday received a contract from Saudi Binladin Group for construction of Abraj Kudai Project, Makkah in Kingdom of Saudi Arabia," said the company in its filing to the exchange.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
IL&FS Engineering up 13%, arm bags order in Saudi Arabia
"Maytas Infra Saudi Arabia (MISA), a subsidiary of IL&FS, on Thursday received a contract from Saudi Binladin Group for construction of Abraj Kudai Project, Makkah in Kingdom of Saudi Arabia," said the company in its filing to the exchange.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Investors lapped up huge shares of  IL&FS Engineering and Construction Company on Friday after its subsidiary bagged a contract in Saudi Arabia. The stock rallied as much as 13 percent intraday.
"Maytas Infra Saudi Arabia (MISA), a subsidiary of IL&FS, on Thursday received a contract from Saudi Binladin Group for construction of Abraj Kudai Project, Makkah in Kingdom of Saudi Arabia," said the company in its filing to the exchange.
The total value of the contract is Saudi Riyals 290.27 million (Rs 464 crore approximately) and the completion period is 32 months.
The scope of work involves supply, delivery, installation, supervision, as built, and handing over of structural and reinforcement concrete works for two towers.
IL&FS said MISA recently commenced work on road drainage works for King Abdul-Aziz International Airport Development Project, Jeddah in KSA worth Rs 268 crore.
At 10:38 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 65.15, up Rs 6.90, or 11.85 percent on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Eye 20-25% topline growth in next 2 yrs at least: WonderlaWe have priced our ticket prices quite reasonably and are able to pass on that 10 percent hike in our ticket prices annually
Arun K Chittilapilly
MD
Wonderla Holidays
Wonderla Holidays  expects 20-25 percent growth in topline in next two years at least, says MD Arun K Chittilappilly. According to him, since the company has reasonable ticket prices, it is easier to pass on the 10 percent hike annually to consumers.
The amusement park operator garnered around Rs 180 crore through initial public offering in May 2014 and has so far deployed only Rs 7 crore towards getting approvals. The company now has all its approvals in place for FY15 capex plans.
The debt of the company stands at around Rs 12 crore.
Wonderla Holidays is likely to begin construction of Chennai park when the Hyderabad project is on stream. The extra revenue generated from the Hyderabad park will be used to develop the Chennai project, adds Chittilappilly.
Below is verbatim transcript of the interview:
Q: I was reading the recent report that has come out from one of the brokerages, they had a management visit with you all and one of the things indicated in terms of the takeaways is that you expect a 5-7 percent growth in footfalls and around 8-10 percent growth in ticket prices in the medium-term. What are you clocking on those two parameters at this point in time and when you say medium-term, what does it mean?
A: Right now we are getting about 7-8 percent growth in our footfall in the first half and we are hoping to continue that. We see the same kind of growth pattern going forward in the next couple of years at least. That is what we mean by medium-term.
The healthy sigh that we see is that we are getting a lot of new footfalls which is first time visitors to our amusement parks in Cochin and Bangalore. So that is a very healthy sign and that is what is driving these growth numbers.
We have priced our ticket prices quite reasonably and are able to pass on that 10 percent hike in our ticket prices annually and are reasonably confident of doing that in the coming years as well. So both clubbed together, we will see 20-25 percent growth in our topline for the next two years at least. After which we will have a new project come on-stream and then we can see a jump in our revenues at that point.
Q: How much of your IPO money have you already deployed and how much of it is left to be deployed?
A: We have raised about Rs 180 crore through our IPO out of which we have deployed maybe about 6-7 as of now, mostly for approvals and basic work that we have started in our Hyderabad site. But we have got all approvals and are just starting our major expansion into that work at this point.
Most of the capex will happen in the next financial year because that is when all the big machinery and a lot of capital civil structures and those kinds of things will happen more in the next financial year and so, that is when most of the money will be utilised.
Q: You are also planning to start a park in Chennai. How do you plan to raise money for that because the IPO money would entirely be used for the third plant plus you would need some more money because the overall money required for that is Rs 250 crore or so?
A: As part of our five-year plan, we had planned two parks, one in Hyderabad and one in Chennai and these two projects are coming pretty close to each other.
We believe to do 1:1 debt equity ratio and as of now we have only Rs 12 crore debt on our books. So once we deploy our IPO money for Hyderabad, we will still be debt free and by the time we start construction in Chennai, a Hyderabad project will be onstream and it will be revenue generating. So we will be able to fund a chunk of our investment in Chennai through this added cash flow that we are going to generate.
Also we will take a small amount of debt, probably about Rs 120-130 crore of debt when Chennai project is fully on-stream.
After taking the debt on, we will still not be at 1:1 and will still have lower debt than our equity. So that is the plan for our growth.
Q: Can you give us a sense whether the two parks that you are operating currently have already broken even? What is the rollout plan in tier I cities, by when can we expect it, you spoke about Chennai in particular but what are the other cities you are targeting and by when and what would be the capex involved?
A: We are running medium-sized to large-sized amusement parks and the way we run it, we are looking at Rs 250-300 crore kind of investment per location including land and our current two projects are already broken even, all our projects are operationally profitable from year one and at a profit after tax (PAT) level profitable from year three or year four. So our current parks have been profitable for at least four-five years for Bangalore and almost nine years for Cochin.
When we have two new projects, which is Hyderabad and Chennai, these two projects will also behave in a similar manner, they will be operationally profitable from year one and at a PAT level, they will be profitable from year three or year four. Our vision is to have these sized amusement parks in larger tier II and tier I cities.
Right now we are focusing on Hyderabad and Chennai but after that we will look at Pune, Mumbai. We are looking at all the big cities because we feel there is scope to do something like this there as well. 
Wonderla stock price
On January 02, 2015, Wonderla Holidays closed at Rs 308.15, up Rs 0.00, or 0.00 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 355.50 and the 52-week low was Rs 156.50.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 9.00 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 34.24. The latest book value of the company is Rs 29.10 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 10.59.
RELATED NEWS

UP teacher held for showing pornographic clip to studentsDec 13, 2014 at  12:02am IST
UP teacher held for showing pornographic clip to students
53
6
Mathura: Police arrested a primary school teacher on Thursday evening when parents of students filed a complaint against the teacher accusing him of  showing pornographic clips to kids on his mobile.
Police Circle Officer Anil Kumar Yadav said a lady teacher also was named in connection with the case and has been called in for questioning.
Police said a case was registered against the male teacher under POSCO (the Protection of Children against Sexual Offences) Act, 2012.
Police said a case was registered against the male teacher under POSCO (the Protection of Children against Sexual Offences) Act, 2012.
#pornography #uttar pradesh #posco #primary school
The mobile phone belonged to the woman teacher who was questioned at the Krishna Nagar police station in the presence of the principal Urmila Sharma of Takshila School. Reportedly, the woman teacher had deleted the clips.
Children told police that the two teachers were with the device when two girls came up to them and saw them viewing the clip. They immediately informed others and soon the parents also came to know.
While the man was locked up in a room by the students and the other teachers, the lady tutor managed to flee from the school. Girls of the fourth standard complained of attempts made by the male and female teacher to show them the pornographic clip.
7

Web inventor Tim Berners-Lee says Internet should be  human right23
1
London: The computer scientist credited with inventing the World Wide Web says affordable access to the Internet should be recognised as a human right, as a report showed that billions of people still cannot go online and government surveillance and censorship are increasing.
Tim Berners-Lee said Thursday the Internet can help tackle inequality - but only if it comes with the rights to privacy and freedom of expression. The Briton, who launched the Web in 1990, made the remarks as he released his World Wide Web Foundation's latest report tracking the Internet's global impact.
The Web Index found that laws preventing mass online surveillance are weak or nonexistent in more than 84 percent of countries. It also said that almost 40 per cent of surveyed countries were blocking sensitive online content to a "moderate or extreme degree," and that half of all Web users live in countries that severely restrict their rights online.
Tim Berners-Lee said the Internet can help tackle inequality - but only if it comes with the rights to privacy and freedom of expression.
#tim berners lee #world wide web #internet
Almost 4.4 billion people - most of them in developing countries - still have no access to the Internet, the Web Index said.
"It's time to recognise the Internet as a basic human right," Berners-Lee said. "That means guaranteeing affordable access for all, ensuring Internet packets are delivered without commercial or political discrimination, and protecting the privacy and freedom of Web users regardless of where they live."
Denmark, Finland, and Norway were ranked as top overall, meaning they were best at using the Internet for economic, political and social progress. At the bottom of a list of 86 countries were Yemen, Myanmar and Ethiopia.
Berners-Lee was working an engineer at the CERN laboratory in Geneva when he proposed the idea of a World Wide Web in 1989.
7

Markets Live: Sensex trading flat on weak global cues; IIP  retail inflation data eyedWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

Trillion-dollar IT trade deal on a knife-edge at WTOIT trade deal worth trillion dollars on a knife-edge at WTO
Tom Miles     Geneva   Last Updated: December 12, 2014  | 15:05 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
A trillion dollar deal at the World Trade Organization (WTO) to reduce tariffs in the vast information technology sector will stand or fall in the next 24 hours, trade diplomats said on Thursday.
However, late on Thursday, a trade official involved with the talks said a deal would be very unlikely because of a stand-off between South Korea and China, which was refusing all attempts to broker a compromise.
Countries representing 97 per cent of global IT commerce are trying to agree on expanding the WTO's IT Agreement, which would be the first global agreement on tariff cuts in over a decade.
The accord would reduce tariffs on products such as medical equipment, GPS devices, video games consoles and next-generation semiconductors, cutting more than 200 tariff lines to zero.
"We have in front of us the most far reaching market access package made in the WTO since 1996, worth more than 1 trillion euros of world trade," European Union Ambassador Angelos Pangratis, chair of the talks, said on Thursday.
"However, while the finalisation of the negotiations appears certainly within reach, there is still some distance, small compared with the long way we have already gone, which needs to be bridged," Pangratis told envoys in the WTO's General Council.
Some delegations needed to consult their ministries, but the deal needed to be done on Friday or not at all, the EU Ambassador said. "Later it will not be easier, rather the contrary. Now is the moment," he added.
Countries negotiating the package have set themselves a goal of reaching an accord by a meeting of the WTO's General Council this week. Although the deadline is an artificial one, the vast majority of states are happy with the deal on the table, and further delay raises the risk that it might unravel.
The talks got a boost in November after a US-Chinese compromise removed a long-standing block to progress - a Chinese demand for a large number of exemptions.
China was now sticking rigidly to the letter of that bilateral deal with the United States and refusing to adapt it in ways that would assuage the concerns of other WTO members, said the trade official involved in the talks, who spoke on conditions of anonymity.
China had refused compromise options put forward by the South Korean delegation and WTO Director General Roberto Azevedo and had not made any suggestions of its own, the same official said.
A senior official at South Korea's trade ministry said on Friday that there were a few products at issue with China, including LCD screens.
"(South Korea) is contacting the Chinese officials through various channels and are at present waiting for their response to our latest proposal," the official said without elaborating and declining to be identified.
"I don't know what (the countries) will do after today but they will probably have to set another schedule if a deal fails to be reached this time," the official added.
Chinese officials in Geneva were not immediately available to comment.
(Reuters)

India buys less gold as traders await clarity on import policyIndia buys less gold as traders await clarity on import policy
Reuters
Reuters
SINGAPORE, Dec 12:  
India is importing lower quantities of gold despite a recent move to ease curbs as bullion banks and traders await clarifications on new import policies, market sources said.
The world's second-biggest bullion buyer scrapped a rule late last month mandating traders to export 20 per cent of all gold imported into the country, even as the market was expecting it to tighten the curbs.
But customs officials, awaiting directions from the Reserve Bank of India on the new import procedures, were not clearing fresh imports, prompting importing agencies to hold back, traders said.
"Banks are holding back because we are waiting for clarification on the new rules from RBI and customs," said a trader with a top bullion bank in India.
"Customs officials are not clearing fresh imports as they are waiting for instructions. There is no point in importing now and having gold stuck with them."
Struggling with a high trade deficit, India last year imposed a record 10 per cent import duty on gold and the so-called 80-20 rule to limit purchases.
The export rule had triggered changes in the way imports were cleared, requiring firms to show proof of exports. The reversal of the rule will likely require more changes.
Traders had expected clarifications to the 80-20 rule earlier this week, but there have been none yet.
Another reason for the lack of strong imports is the adequate supply of bullion in the market.
Anticipating tighter rules, dealers had stocked up in the previous months, with imports likely to have crossed 100 tonnes for a third straight month in November.
"Imports in December are going to be less than that because people are waiting for clarification," said Bachhraj Bamalwa, director at All India Gem and Jewellery Trade Federation.
Consumer demand has also weakened because of the slowdown in the number of weddings, with demand expected to pick up again after mid January, Bamalwa said.
Gold prices in India were either flat or at a small premium of $2 an ounce, down from last week's $5, traders said.
"There is no incentive to import at low premiums and there is enough supply in the market," said another trader at a bank.
Elsewhere in Asia, buying was steady as gold prices moved higher.
Premiums in top consumer China ranged between $1 and $2, while in Hong Kong and Singapore, they were unchanged at a little over $1.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

European shares extend sell-off as energy stocks sufferEuropean shares extend sell-off as energy stocks suffer
Reuters
Tweet
London, Dec 12:  
European shares slid on Friday, with further declines in the price of oil hitting energy stocks, while political concerns over Greece also pegged back equities.
The pan-European FTSEurofirst 300 index fell 1.1 per cent to 1,342.24 points, while the euro zone’s blue-chip Euro STOXX 50 index also declined 1.1 per cent to 3,123.04 points.
European stock markets had managed to stabilise slightly on Thursday, but a new fall in the prices of oil meant the region’s equity indexes resumed their losing streak.
The STOXX Europe 600 Oil & Gas Index fell 1.7 per cent to touch its lowest level so far in 2014, as Brent crude dropped to a 5-1/2-year low of $63 a barrel for a weekly loss of more than 8 per cent, amid persistent concerns over a global supply glut and a bearish demand outlook.
Traders also remained concerned by Greece.
In Greece, Prime Minister Antonis Samaras had on Thursday warned the country risked a “catastrophic’’ return to the depths of its debt crisis if his government fell, raising the stakes before a presidential vote this month.
“Greece is rearing its ugly head again. It’s not good for the euro zone,’’ said Darren Courtney-Cook, head of trading at Central Markets Investment Management.
The Athens ATG equity index was flat. The index had slumped 7.4 per cent on Thursday and has fallen by roughly 20 per cent this week.
Concerns about Greece and the lower oil price drove up the Euro STOXX 50 Volatility Index — the European equivalent of the US VIX volatility index that is often seen as a gauge of fears about the global economy.
The Euro STOXX 50 Volatility Index surged 12 per cent to 23.27 points.
Greek Prime Minister Samaras is stepping up rhetoric against his archrival — the anti-bailout Syriza party — in a bid to win the backing of lawmakers in the presidential vote and avoid early elections.
Failure to elect a president triggers early elections, which opinion polls show Syriza is likely to win. Samaras this week brought the presidential vote forward by two months — leaving a final bailout review and plans for an exit from the programme up in the air while he seeks parliamentary backing.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

Sri Lankan stocks down in low-volume tradeSri Lankan stocks down in low-volume trade
Reuters
Tweet
Colombo, Dec 12:  
Sri Lankan stocks were slightly weaker in low-volume trade on Friday as investors continued to be cautious due to political uncertainty ahead of the January 8 presidential poll.
At 0712 GMT, the main stock index was down 0.07 per cent at 7,238.19.
The central bank kept key policy rates steady at record lows for an eleventh straight month on Friday as expected, saying past policy measures have helped achieve the economic growth target of 7.8 per cent for this year.
“Very low trade and nothing much is happening. Interest is not there, trading is very low with huge drop in retail activity ahead of holidays and elections,’’ said Dimantha Mathew, manager research, at First Capital Equities (pvt) Ltd.
Stock brokers expect the market to remain sluggish until investors see clear direction on the political front.
Presidential election
Nineteen candidates, including President Mahinda Rajapaksa and former Health Minister Mithripala Sirisena, the consensus candidate of a united Opposition, submitted their nominations for the polls.
Eleven loyalists from Rajapaksa’s United People's Freedom Alliance, including Sirisena, defected after he announced snap elections last month.
Speculation over more defections also weighed on the sentiment, analysts said.
Turnover stood at 415.7 million Sri Lankan rupees ($3.17 million), with 9.72 million shares changing hands.
Rupee forwards
Four-day rupee forwards traded steady as mild importer dollar demand offset greenback sales by exporters, dealers said.
The spot currency and three-day forwards, or spot-next, were not traded after the central bank capped the currency at predetermined levels to prevent volatility.
Central bank officials were not available for comment.
Dealers said four-day forwards traded steady at 131.96/132.00 per dollar at 0739 GMT, compared with Thursday's close. ($1 = 130.9500 Sri Lankan rupees)
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

Islamic State suicide bomber detonates tank in easternSyriaBy: Reuters | Beirut |
Posted: December 12, 2014 2:22 pm
An Islamic State suicide bomber detonated a tank at a Syrian air base in the province of Deir al-Zor, one of the last remaining government strongholds in eastern Syria, jihadist social media and a monitoring group said on Friday.
One Islamic State Twitter account published two photos of a smiling man it named Abu al-Farouq al-Libi, who it said carried out the “suicide operation”. The al Qaeda offshoot Islamic State has been gradually consolidating control of the oil-producing Deir al-Zor region this year.
President Bashar al-Assad’s forces have held on to the local military air base and parts of the provincial capital. On December 6, militants entered the base but were swiftly repelled. Deir al-Zor borders territories in Iraq are also controlled by Islamic State. The province’s oilfields are a source of revenue for the group.
Syria’s state news agency SANA said the army had pursued Islamic State fighters in the area around Deir al-Zor base and killed many.
The British-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said The tank blew up on the outskirts of the base. It gave no details of casualties or other damage. After the blast, clashes took place on Friday morning, it added.
Islamic State has been under pressure from U.S. air strikes in Syria since September, but that has not stopped it from launching attacks on Assad’s forces and rival rebels.

35-yr-old Indian worker found dead inSingaporeBy: Press Trust of India | Singapore |
Posted: December 12, 2014 2:21 pm
A 35-year-old Indian worker was on Friday found dead under mysterious circumstances at a dormitory in Singapore’s northern region.
Yeacop Joseph, a worker with a construction company, was found dead by his fellow workers early this morning at a forest area near the dormitory, The Straits Times reported.
He had been working with the firm for six months and stayed at Kranji Lodge 1 situated on Woodlands Road in the northern urban of Singapore.
A supervisor, who wished not to be named, said Joseph had not reported to work on Thursday.
The man’s wife had called him on his phone last evening but he had not answered the call, K Kumar, one of his relatives told the paper, adding that other acquaintances had also telephoned him at night but to no avail.
Police cordoned off part of a parking space and the spot while probing to ascertain the cause and reason behind his death. Further investigations were underway.

Sri Lanka air force plane crashes  killing4By: Associated Press | Colombo |
Posted: December 12, 2014 2:10 pm | Updated: December 12, 2014 3:38 pm
A Sri Lankan air force plane crashed Friday outside the island’s capital, killing four and injuring one, air force and police said.
Air force spokesman Gihan Seneviratne said the plane crashed in foggy weather early Friday in Authrugiriya just outside the capital Colombo.
Seneviratne said the plane was flying between two airports near Colombo and the pilot had reported difficulty in locating his landing strip.
The police spokesman’s office said four bodies were recovered from the crash site and that one injured survivor has been admitted to a hospital.

US approves $1.1 tn spending bill  averts sh...House approves $1.1 trillion spending bill, averts shutdown
Reuters Dec 12, 2014, 08.56AM IST
Tags:
Barack Obama
(A separate bill to fund the…)
WASHINGTON: Facing intense pressure to avoid a government shutdown, the US House of Representatives have narrowly passed a USD 1.1 trillion federal spending bill, sending it to the Senate after it was ushered through barely two hours before a midnight deadline.
Yesterday's 219-206 vote followed a bruising day of arm-twisting by the White House after dozens of Democrats revolted over pro-Wall Street and campaign-finance riders in the bill, dramatically splitting with President Barack Obama over the legislation that funds most federal operations through September.
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said after the vote that his chamber will take up the must-pass legislation today.
Congress passed a two-day extension to keep government open beyond yesterday's witching hour so that the Senate can debate and vote on the measure.
The spending package, which would fund most federal operations through September 30, the end of the 2015 fiscal year, was the focus of extraordinary brinkmanship in Congress, a fitting cap to one of the most polarized eras in Washington.
The deal almost did not happen, forcing the White House and Obama, who came out in favor of the measure, into near-panic mode as they scrambled to get enough Democrats on board.
House Speaker John Boehner was forced to suspend proceedings in the chamber when he realized he was short, fueling a rancorous Capitol Hill showdown.
Progressive Democrats were furious over a clause buried deep in the 1,603-page bill that rolls back key financial regulations on Wall Street.
Top House Democrat Nancy Pelosi joined the revolt. In a stunning rebuke of Obama on the House floor she blasted as "blackmail" the effort to shred reforms in the so-called Dodd-Frank law that prevent big banks from making risky derivatives trades protected by taxpayer-insured funds.
Pelosi and others argued that the change opens the door to another big bank bailout that rescued foundering financial institutions during the worst of the Great Recession. That, Democrats fear, could lead to a repeat of conditions that fueled the financial crisis of 2007-2008.
Democrats are also angered by a rider which would dramatically expand the amount that wealthy individuals can contribute to political parties -- a move which would undercut campaign finance reforms from 2002.
Senior House Democrat Steve Israel warned that the two provisions were poison pills "that Democrats can't swallow," and said he hoped Boehner would strip them out and start anew.
Ultimately, 57 Democrats joined most Republicans in supporting the measure.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Healthcare stocks shine for a third straight session as rupee weakens; surge about 4%You are here: Home > Collections > Rupee
BSE Healthcare gains for third session as rupee weakens
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 12, 2014, 01.34PM IST
Tags:
Aurobindo Pharma
(Shares of pharmaceuticals…)
MUMBAI: Shares of pharmaceuticals companies made gains for a third straight session as the rupee depreciated further against the US dollar. General weakness in global markets also led to investors shifting to the defensives pack.
The BSE Healthcare Index has risen 1.77 per cent in three sessions against 0.86 per cent decline in the Sensex in the same period. Aurobindo Pharma rallied as much as 3.81 per cent in intraday trade.
According to analysts, the recent decline in rupee bodes well for the pharmaceutical exporters as it boosts their profit margins.
"Exporters have been clear beneficiaries (of rupee depreciation) which include pharma. That is the reason, the sector will continue to do well," said Kunj Bansal, ED & CIO, Centrum Wealth Management.
The rupee has been on a decline recently and has slipped to 10-month low today as the US dollar strengthened against global currencies. It has extended losses for fifth straight session.
At 01:00 p.m; the partially convertible rupee was at 62.37, down 4 paise against, previous close of 61.33.
"We have pegged a week depreciating trajectory for the INR versus the USD over the next 12 months. We have about half a rupee kind of depreciation built into our models. So I would probably expect that it is more a case of dollar strength rather than a rupee weakness," said Jitendra Sriram , Director & HoR, HSBC Securities.
At 01:05 p.m.; the BSE Healthcare Index was up 1.05 per cent against 0.16 per cent decline on the BSE.
Aurobindo Pharma (up 3.42 per cent), Ipca Labs (up 2.59 per cent), Torrent Pharma (up 2.15 per cent), Wockhardt Pharma (up 2 per cent) and Sun Pharma (up 1.68 per cent) were among the top gainers in BSE Healthcare Index.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mastek arm to acquire Agile Tech s business: Farid Kazani01:30 pm
Insurance technology and core system software solutions company  Mastek has signed an agreement to acquire Agile Tech. Acquiring Agile, which has revenues of over USD 9 million, is a significant step in execution of Majesco's aggressive growth strategy. This acquisition will close in January 2015.
Majesco will continue to male investments and build its product portfolio through acquisitions and ongoing research and development.
Mastek group CFO and director finance Farid Kazani says the company is not acquiring Agile Tech, just acquiring its business. It is a strategic acquisition that will provide the company with great amount of leverage, he says. "It comes with 20 clients (Agile’s clients) and almost 50 highly skilled employees," he adds.
Below is the verbatim transcript of Farid Kazani's interview with Ekta Batra & Reema Tendulkar on CNBC-TV18.
Ekta: Can you take us through the details with regards to the acquisition. What is the structure in terms of payout as well as how much this acquisition is worth?
A: We are not acquiring the company Agile Technologies. We are acquiring the business of Agile Technologies. This is a very sweet acquisition, pretty strategic in nature in terms of how Majesco is planning to grow its business globally. We announced the demerger of our insurance business from Mastek in terms of creating a pure play insurance group which focuses on both the property and casualty (P&C) and life business from the US and also building that globally.
Agile is a very unique acquisition because it is in the insurance space and it’s in the insurance IT consulting space which is where we needed to build on further in terms of our services for the insurance companies that we service. It’s an acquisition that we believe will give us great amount of leverage. The good part is it comes with 20 clients that they have been servicing, they have done over USD 9 million of revenue in this year and they have got around 50-odd highly domain insurance technology professionals which will improve our complete services to what we need to deliver to the insurance group across the globe.
Reema: What is the consideration that you have paid to acquire the business of Agile Tech?
A: For confidential reasons I will not be able to disclose the consideration. The only kind of input that I can share is that we structured the consideration in terms of certain fixed payment that we will be making to the promoters of Agile Tech which is roughly around 60 percent and balance 40 percent is going to be earn out over three years. The earn outs are structured in terms of the target that we build on, revenues, EBITDA and new clients logos.
Ekta: The cash on books for the company in the previous quarter ended stood at around 173.5 crore, if I am not mistaken. Can you then give us a sense that post the acquisition how much of what your current cash on books would be?
A: You will see that in our results in January while as I mentioned that there is some payout which should be made for the acquisition which is not too heavy. It is not going to significantly drop our cash flows but this business will need funds to build on both organic and inorganic. We will be able to share the cash flow details as we declare the results in January.
Reema: Will this acquisition be EPS accretive from year one?
A: Definitely.
Reema: Could you help us with what the financials of Agile Tech were in the previous year. You told us about the revenue USD 9 million, what about the margins?
A: Margins are pretty healthy. It is in the consulting business.
Reema: More than what Mastek enjoys?
A: In the insurance space there is a requirement for us to spend on product and at this point of time since our investments are heavy, we are in low EBITDA percentage in our Majesco insurance business. This business will see synergies that will bring an improvement in overall EBITDA of the Majesco combined company.
Ekta: Can you give us a sense, what the inorganic strategy of the company would be hereon for the insurance as well as solutions business?
A: We will come back to it at an appropriate time. We have aggressive plans to grow the insurance business. At this point of time Majesco is close to around USD 75 million, Agile will add USD 9 million. We want to grow to USD 100 million mark and see how best we can build that both organically and inorganically.
Reema: Any such plans for the solution side of the business. We have been talking about insurance so far. What about the solution side. Do you have inorganic plans for that business too?
A: Too early to state but the way we see it with the demerger that will happen and hopefully we should see that happening in another four-six months time. We will have a plan chalked out to even grow the solutions business aggressively.
Mastek stock price
On January 02, 2015, Mastek closed at Rs 401.25, up Rs 1.90, or 0.48 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 424.90 and the 52-week low was Rs 156.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 23.36 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 17.18. The latest book value of the company is Rs 153.14 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 2.62.
RELATED NEWS

WebRTC  a free browser-based technology  could change the way we communicate30
3
Singapore: WebRTC, a free browser-based technology, looks set to change the way we communicate and collaborate, up-ending telecoms firms, online chat services like Skype and WhatsApp and remote conferencing on WebEx.
Web Real-Time Communication is a proposed Internet standard that would make audio and video as seamless as browsing text and images is now. Installed as part of the browser, video chatting is just a click away - with no need to download an app or register for a service.
WebRTC allows anyone to embed real-time voice, data and video communications into browsers, programs - more or less anything with a chip inside. Already, you can use a WebRTC-compatible browser like Mozilla's Firefox to start a video call just by sending someone a link.
Web Real-Time Communication is a proposed Internet standard that would make audio and video as seamless as browsing text and images is now. ( Video chat , via Shutterstock)
#webrtc #internet #google #mozilla
Further ahead, WebRTC could add video and audio into all kinds of products and services, from GoPro cameras and educational software to ATMs and augmented reality glasses. Imagine, for example, wanting to buy flowers online and being able, at a click, to have the florist demonstrate arrangements to you live via a video link.
WebRTC will be a market worth $4.7 billion by 2018, predicts Smiths Point Analytics, a consultancy. Dean Bubley, a UK-based consultant, reckons over 2 billion people will be using WebRTC by 2019, some 60 per cent of the likely Internet population.
Most of these will be mobile. Some versions of Amazon's Kindle multimedia tablet, for example, have a 'Mayday' button which launches a WebRTC-based video call with a customer service representative.
By the end of the decade, consultants Analysys Mason reckon there will be 7 billion devices supporting WebRTC, nearly 5 billion of them smartphones or tablets. Automatic voice and video encryption means web conversations should be safe from eavesdropping or external recording.
From dream to reality
"The promise is fantastic," said Alexandre Gouaillard, chief technology officer at Singapore start-up Temasys. "There's always a problem with timing, between dream and reality."
Initially championed by Google, WebRTC was adopted by Mozilla and Norway's Opera Software - between them accounting for more than half of the world's browsers. In October, Microsoft committed to including a version of WebRTC on its Internet Explorer browser, leaving only Apple as the main holdout. An Apple spokesperson declined to discuss the company's plans for WebRTC in detail.
Last month, technical experts agreed a compromise on a key sticking point: which of two encoding standards to use to convert video. All sides agreed to support both for now.
Some prominent names are staking out the WebRTC arena.
Skype co-founder Janus Friis this month launched Wire, a chat and voice messaging app that uses WebRTC, and Ray Ozzie, who created Lotus Notes and was chief software architect at Microsoft, is challenging messaging and conferencing services with Talko, an app using WebRTC. Mozilla has teamed up with US-based TokBox to launch Hello, a plug-in-free, account-free web conferencing service within its Firefox browser.
Dozens of mobile apps already leverage WebRTC - including Movirtu's WiFi-based CloudPhone, allowing voice calls over WiFi. Movirtu CEO Carsten Brinkschulte says WebRTC "gives us a lot of things that are free that are normally very hard to do."
"A magnifier"
This makes some incumbents nervous. One is the $2 billion web and video conferencing industry. And telecoms firms are still reeling from free voice and messaging services like WhatsApp and Skype. Even those companies look vulnerable as WebRTC reduces the cost of setting up a competing service.
"WebRTC is a magnifier," says Bubley, the consultant. "It makes the opportunities bigger and the threats worse, and everything faster."
Some, though, are putting up a fight.
Microsoft is rolling out a web-based version of Skype that will, eventually, require no extra software and will be compatible with all WebRTC browsers. And Cisco, whose WebEx is king of web-based video conferencing, has been active in developing standards. But, says Bubley, "it's in no desperate rush to accelerate."
Among telecoms companies, Telefonica bought TokBox "to learn about the space, and they've largely left us to pursue that," said TokBox CEO Scott Lomond. SK Telecom and NTT Docomo are also experimenting with the technology.
But those championing WebRTC say the technology isn't so much about challenging what's available today, but more about creating opportunities for new products and services tomorrow.
Cary Bran, vice president at Plantronics, a headset maker, sees a time when online gamers won't just be able to see and talk to each other, but feed heart-rate and other sensor data into the game, "making it more difficult or easy based on the user's level of engagement."
More prosaically, TokBox is working with banks in the United States and Europe to provide branch visitors with video links to specialists, cutting down on staffing costs.
Such options, says TokBox's Lomond, only scratch the surface of what's possible. "I don't think the broader market has fully appreciated how potentially disruptive this is," he says.
151

All the rage a year ago  bitcoin sputters as adoption stallsDec 12, 2014 at 01:29pm IST
All the rage a year ago, bitcoin sputters as adoption stalls
45
0
New York: After skyrocketing to more than a thousand dollars in price late last year and attracting global attention, bitcoin, the leading digital currency, has stalled.
Figures obtained by Reuters show that while "wallets" - cyberspeak for accounts - are being created at a steady clip, many of them are empty. Analysts also provided Reuters with data that shows liquidity in the cryptocurrency remains limited.
Bitcoin, a virtual currency created through a "mining" process where a computer's resources are used to perform millions of calculations, has been hailed as revolutionary because of its lack of ties to a central bank and its potential as an alternative to credit cards for paying goods and services.
After skyrocketing to more than a thousand dollars in price late last year, bitcoin, the leading digital currency, has stalled.
#bitcoin #cryptocurrency
However, the currency's volatility has slowed broader acceptance. The price of bitcoin has plummeted roughly 50 per cent so far this year. It most recently traded at $356.26, down from a peak of $1,163 in December 2013.
Two of its primary appeals - the lower transaction fees compared to credit cards and its use in cross-border transactions - have not been enough to offset its ups and downs.
Until a unique application emerges that separates it from credit cards, online payments or other currencies, the expansion may remain slow, many market insiders said.
"There has to be some motivation that would help this whole bitcoin system explode, like really good applications for consumers," said Jonathan Levin, a London-based digital currency consultant and co-founder of the Oxford Virtual Currency Group. "At the moment, there isn't."
Last week's second auction of bitcoins by the US Marshals Service, which showed a drastic drop in bidders from the first sale in June, demonstrated just how far bitcoin has fallen off the radar. The first auction attracted 45 unique bidders, with 63 bids, while the December sale showed just 11 buyers and 27 bids.
Despite declining demand, billionaire venture capitalist Tim Draper, one of the most ardent supporters of the digital currency, believes bitcoin is still one of the "greatest technological breakthroughs since the Internet."
He is betting that bitcoin will be widely accepted by consumers who want to make secure purchases without costly bank or credit card fees.
Many applications are still being developed by start-up companies that will affect the way consumers operate, said Draper, who was the sole winner of the first US Marshals' bitcoin auction and also took a portion of last week's sale.
More retailers accepting bitcoins, but...
The number of online merchants, including Overstock.com and Dell which accept bitcoin as payment jumped to 76,000 at the end of September from just 10,000 a year ago, according to digital currency news website Coindesk.
Still, actual retail sales using bitcoin remain paltry.
The only figures on retail sales in bitcoin are estimates and Tim Swanson, head of business development at Melotic, a Hong Kong-based exchange for digital assets, told Reuters global retail sales in bitcoin come to about $2.3 million daily (5,000-6,000 bitcoins). By comparison, consumers spend about $15 billion daily in the United States.
The vast majority of bitcoins are also immediately converted into traditional currencies like dollars and euros when handled in retail transactions. Fees for this typically run at about 1 per cent or less.
Bitpay, one of the two biggest bitcoin payment processors, is doing about $1 million in transactions per day, Stephanie Wargo, BitPay's vice president of marketing said. Coinbase, the other big payment processor, declined to disclose retail transaction volumes.
One development many bitcoin supporters hope could change this is the Atlas bitcoin card, the first bitcoin US debit card for buying goods and services and a business backed by venture capitalist Draper.
But Atlas still has to run the gauntlet of regulatory approvals before the card hits the market, the company's co-founder, Mickey Costa said. He declined to elaborate.
Draper said Atlas could eventually save retailers the 2-1/2 to 4 percent fee they pay credit card companies.
What's in your wallet
Just like retailer acceptance of bitcoin, the creation of wallets - which store secure digital keys used to access bitcoin addresses and sign transactions - has also surged.
At the end of the third quarter, the latest figures available, wallets grew to 6.5 million from 1.3 million a year earlier, according to Coindesk.
However, opening a wallet is cost-free, and of the 6.5 million wallets, only about 250,000 to 500,000 have actual bitcoins in them while the rest are empty, Melotic's Swanson said.
For Brian Armstrong, chief executive officer at Coinbase in San Francisco, a better measure of consumer adoption is daily transaction volume, which crossed 100,000 in December for the first time, according to Blockchain.info, a wallet company.
But the bulk of that transaction volume has nothing to do with the actual buying of goods and services: activities such as miners moving bitcoins between wallets, said Jeffrey Robinson, who has written a book on bitcoin.
Bitcoin liquidity has also remained constrained.
John Ratcliff, a software engineer at Nvidia who has done extensive analysis on bitcoin transactions, estimated that monthly liquidity is about 10-20 percent of the entire 13.6 million bitcoin in circulation. The rest are either being hoarded or don't trade because they're fractional in size.
Where bitcoin could be valuable though is remittances across borders, especially in emerging markets, where transaction costs can be very expensive, said Steven Englander, global head of G10 FX strategy at CitiFX in New York.
"But in the end, you want to ask yourself, does bitcoin hold promise of making certain transactions efficient? The answer is yes," said Englander. "Does it cater to any market niche that is not already being taken care of? I am more sceptical."
6

Clear policy on having representatives for defence purchases by Jan'Clear policy on having representatives for defence purchases by Jan'
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 12:  
Clear-cut policy will be in place by January on having representatives for defence purchases, Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar has said.
A policy will be in place to decide on the issue of blacklisting firms, Parrikar said.
He added that the Government is seriously considering implementing the ‘one rank one pension policy’ and an announcement would be made in four to eight weeks.
There has to be some strong response, which will once and for all end or at least reduce these blatant attacks, Parrikar said on terror attacks emanating from Pakistan.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

BSE SME listed firms market value crosses Rs 10 000-cr markBSE SME listed firms’ market value crosses Rs 10,000-cr mark
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 12:  
The market valuation of companies listed on the BSE’s SME platform today crossed the landmark Rs 10,000-crore mark within two years of its launch.
Commenting on the achievement BSE MD & CEO, Ashishkumar Chauhan, said: “Reaching market capitalisation of Rs 10,000 crore in listed BSE SME companies is a small but significant step for Indian capital markets.
“BSE is delighted to be of help to SME companies in raising the capital, creating wealth for various stake holders, bringing corporate governance and visibility and providing liquidity on the platform. MSME sector is one of the largest provider of jobs in India and engine of job creation.”
The BSE SME platform currently has 82 companies listed on its platform. Additionally, 16 more companies are at various stages of listing.
“Regulatory framework set up by SEBI and policies by Ministry of Finance have helped create a conducive environment for SME companies to list on BSE SME platform,” Chauhan added.
India has a huge potential for SMEs and the success at BSE SME in less than 3 years of its setting up has opened up important avenues for high growth SME companies to raise funds for their growth from public, he said.
This also proves that Indian investors are willing to invest in right companies, however small, Chauhan noted.
Recently, the market cap of companies listed at the BSE crossed Rs 100 lakh crore milestone.
BSE is the world’s largest stock exchange in terms of the numbers of companies listed on its platform which stands at 5,530.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

Hiring meet for start-upsTweet
Hyderabad, Dec 12:  
Headstart Network, which promotes Startup Saturdays in various cities, will host hiring meet for start-ups here on December 20. The event, branded Headstart Higher, will be held at the International Institute of Information Technology (Gachibowli).
Headstart Network, which addresses the early stage ecosystem for start-ups, said the event facilitates “maximum interactions between start-ups and candidates in minimum time through its unique speed dating format''.
Candidates and start-ups are required to get through an online assessment prior to the event, which ensures quality and value for both, Arpit Agarwal, co-founder of Headstart Network, said.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

Brazilian man admits killing 41 people just forfunBy: Agence-France Presse | Rio De Janeiro |
Posted: December 12, 2014 2:39 pm | Updated: December 12, 2014 2:54 pm
RIO DE JANEIRO: A Brazilian man accused of stabbing a woman to death in a Rio suburb has confessed to have murdered 41 people, almost all of them women, “for the fun of it,” police said on Thursday.
“He wanted to kill women — white women, not black ones. He followed the victims, studying them closely before committing the crimes,” said police commissioner Pedro Henrique Medina from the northern suburb of Nova Iguacu.
The man was identified as Sailson Jose das Gracas, a 26-year-old whom police describe as a psychopath.
They said they were checking his statements against past investigations, and so far they tally with the evidence.
Gracas says he murdered 37 women, three men and a two-year-old child over a nine-year killing spree, explaining he killed the child because he feared it would cry and attract neighbors’ attention.
“I observed them, I studied them. I waited for a month, sometimes a week, depending on the place. I tried to ascertain where they lived, what their families were like. I kept watch on their houses and then after a while went there at dawn, waited for my chance and entered,” broadcaster Globo’s G1 news portal quoted Gracas as saying.
He explained he started out as a petty thief.
“At 17, I killed the first woman and that gave me a buzz. I kept on doing it and I enjoyed it,” he said, adding on one occasion a couple, Cleusa Balbina and her former husband Jose Messias, contracted him to kill someone for money.
The pair are now under arrest. Gracas said he used a gun in contract killings but strangled his other victims.
He planned his crimes meticulously, wearing a rain jacket in order to conceal his identity and gloves in order not to leave fingerprints, adding he became addicted to murder.
“When I wasn’t killing someone I got uptight. I would pace up and down at home. Killing calmed me down,” he was quoted saying.
“I’d kill someone and then would think about the victim for two or three months. After that, I’d go off hunting” for another victim, Gracas revealed.
“I don’t feel remorse — if I go to jail for 10, 15, 20 years, then as soon as I get out, I’ll do the same thing all over again,” he insisted.
Under Brazilian law, the maximum prison term is 30 years. The country has never had capital punishment.

Sensex sinks 250 pts; GAIL cracks 6% | TCS plunges 3% on rejig buzzYou are here: Home > Collections
Markets in red; top trading strategies for today
ET Now Dec 12, 2014, 02.50PM IST
Tags:
Amara Raja Batteries
(The benchmark indices pared…)
MUMBAI: The benchmark indices pared early gains and slipped in the negative territory on concerns of global economic recovery. According to analysts, the market is likely to shift to lower end of trading range in coming sessions.
"FIIs unwound their long positions last week. As we highlighted, their open interest has reduced much more than Nifty and Bank Nifty open interest since the beginning of December series. This unwinding has continued and now we are witnessing formation of short positions by them with sell figures emerging in cash market segment as well," said Siddarth Bhamre, head - derivatives, Angel Broking.
At 2:48 pm, the Sensex was at 27,350.11; down 251.90 points.
The Nifty was at 8,223.50; down 69.40 points.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Mitesh Thacker, Technical Analyst, www.miteshthacker.com
Buy Glenmark Pharmaceuticals with stoploss of Rs 814 for target of Rs 865
Buy Andhra Bank with stoploss of Rs 88 for target of Rs 95
Buy Aurobindo Pharma with a stoploss below Rs 1130 for target of Rs 1200
Buy Canara Bank with a stoploss below Rs 421 for target of Rs 455
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO,www.powermywealth.com
Buy Glenmark Pharmaceuticals with stoploss of Rs 815 for target of Rs 848.
Buy Amara Raja Batteries with stoploss of Rs 735 for target of Rs 785.
Sell Cairn India with stoploss of Rs 250 for target of Rs 232.
Sell Sun Tv with stoploss of Rs 362 for target of Rs 342.
Prakash Gaba, www.prakashgaba.com
Buy Sun Pharma with stoploss of Rs 835 for target of Rs 870.
Buy Talwalkars with stoploss of Rs 270 for target of Rs 295.
Buy Tata Motors DVR with stoploss of Rs 335 for target of Rs 350.
Siddhartha Chatterjee, Trustline Securities
Buy DCB Bank with stoploss of Rs 107 for target of Rs 113
Buy SKS Micro with stoploss of Rs 392 for target of Rs 408
Buy Amara Raja with stoploss of Rs 735 for target of Rs 759
Gaurav Ratnaparkhi, Technical Analyst, Sharekhan
Buy Tata Communications with stoploss of Rs 431.50 for target of Rs 457
Buy Ashok Leyland with stoploss of Rs 49.40 for target of Rs 53.50
Buy Grasim with stoploss of Rs 3325 for target of Rs 3500
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex Fall Over 200 Points; Gail Sinks 6%You are here: Home Market
Sensex Turns Negative, Nifty Falls Below 8,300
NDTV | Updated On: December 12, 2014 12:10 (IST)
Indian markets turned negative in the noon trade as IT stocks which pushed the benchmark indices higher in the morning trade succumbed to selling pressure.
The Sensex fell over 50 points to 27,545, while the 50-share Nifty fell to 8,279.
Infosys, which was up over 2 per cent pared some of its gains and was up 1 per cent only. Other IT outsourcers like TCS, HCL Tech and Tech Mahindra all turned negative falling between 0.5 to 1.5 per cent. The IT sub-index of National Stock Exchange was up only 0.1 per cent, off from its day's high.
Shares in oil explorers continued to drag the benchmark indices further. Cairn India fell nearly 3 per cent, while ONGC was down over 2 per cent amid margin concerns on account of falling crude oil prices. GAIL India slumped nearly 4 per cent to be the top Nifty loser.
Pharma and FMCG stocks gained as investors preferred to stay with defensives amid uncertainty in the market. Sun Pharma gained 1.3 per cent, while Lupin was up around 1 per cent. The CNX Pharma index gained 0.8 per cent and the FMCG index was up 0.3 per cent.
As of 11.47 a.m. Sensex traded 37 points lower at 27,565 and the Nifty was down 8 points at 8,285.
Story first published on: December 12, 2014 12:10 (IST)

Buy Kapas  Cocudakl on dip; Mentha oil above Rs 718: GeofinLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy Kapas, Cocudakl on dip; Mentha oil above Rs 718: Geofin
Geofin Comtrade has come out with its report on agricultural commodities. The research firm has recommended to buy Kapas, Cocudakl on dip and Mentha oil above Rs 718, in its research report dated Dec 12, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Geofin Comtrade's report on agricultural commodities
Jeera Jan NCDEX: Jeera prices rebounded initially after making a high of 12895 and later closed at 12760. If prices are able to hold the support of 12670 could see pullbacks initially towards 12950 and later to 13100 levels. But major upside bias is seen above 13100 for the bulls to act towards 13120 followed by 13250/13360 levels. Moreover, the increase in OI along with volume seems to supportive for day. On the other side, unable to rise above trend line resistance of 13100 a choppy session for the day. Hence, we recommend wait and watch approach for buying during the day.
Menthaoil Dec MCX: Menthaoil prices traded higher from the low of 705.80 and later closed the day at 716.60. Prices need to break above the trend line resistance of 718 for the bullish momentum to continue towards 726 followed by 750 levels. Moreo-ver, the stochastic indicator is showing a bullish crossover, indicate a near term bullish view. However, on the other hand, unable to do so could see a choppy session for the day. Weakness is seen below 690 regions in the near term.
Kapas April NCDEX : As prices cleared the upper trend line resistance of 805 could see upside moves to 812/820 levels.
Strategies

Rubber has support at Rs 10650/10500: GeofinLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Rubber has support at Rs 10650/10500: Geofin
Geofin Comtrade has come out with its report on Rubber. According to the research firm, support for Rubber NMCE Jan has at Rs 10650/10500 However, resistance at Rs 11250/11360.
Post your opinion here
 
Geofin Comtrade report on Rubber
As the week’s session culminates, a rebound is being witnessed in natural rubber prices in the overseas market. TOCOM rubber futures inched up while SHFE rubber futures gained more than two per cent. Upbeat economic data from the US along with Thailand’s moves to buy rubber lend support.
While sentiments stayed feeble a mixed trend was witnessed in the local natural market on Thursday. RSS4 in the physical market made a fresh five year low while on NMCE the most active January rubber futures ended the session in green. Poor demand from the tyre sector continued to weigh on. However, a recovery being witnessed in the overseas market along with limited supplies is likely to lend lower level support.
RUBBER Jan NMCE
The bounceback being witnessed after taking support at 11025 is likely to continue towards 11400-11500 ranges if it clears the immediate resistance of 11250. Alternatively, a direct fall below 11025 with volumes will intensify weakness.
SUPPORTS

Mutual Funds Newsletter  December 08 to 12  2014Mutual Funds Newsletter  December 08 to 12  2014
Exit GAIL India at around Rs 430-435: Manas Jaiswal02:00 pm
Manas Jaiswal of manasjaiswal.com told CNBC-TV18, " GAIL India has broken its 200 day moving average today and this trend will go down to around Rs 360 to 370. So, if one gets a price of around Rs 430-435 then exit from the long positions."
At 14:48 hrs GAIL India was quoting at Rs 418.70, down Rs 25.05, or 5.65 percent.
The share touched its 52-week high Rs 551.35 and 52-week low Rs 332.25 on 31 October, 2014 and 17 December, 2013, respectively.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 36.07 per share. (Sep, 2014). The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 11.61. The latest book value of the company is Rs 213.42 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company was 1.96. The dividend yield of the company was 2.48 percent.
RELATED NEWS

TVS Motor may hit Rs 264  says Kunal BothraLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
TVS Motor may hit Rs 264, says Kunal Bothra
According to Kunal Bothra of LKP Securities, TVS Motor Company may hit Rs 264.
Post your opinion here
01:30 pm
Kunal Bothra of LKP Securities told CNBC-TV18, "Out of the midcap names TVS Motor Company  is one of the few midcap names which is very close to breaking its swing high. It is taking support around the short-term moving averages which is I think a good sign building up for TVS. It just requires a good couple of days from the market. If that push happens then TVS could be one of the few midcap names which could give some strong performance. I am looking at a target of Rs 264 on TVS with a stoploss of Rs 246."
At 14:39 hrs TVS Motor Company was quoting at Rs 253, up Rs 2.30, or 0.92 percent. It has touched an intraday high of Rs 256.15 and an intraday low of Rs 252.
Disclosure: Analyst has no personal holdings in the stock and it is possible that he may have recommended the same to his client at LKP.
RELATED NEWS

Hold Reliance Communications for long term: Manas Jaiswal02:00 pm
Manas Jaiswal of manasjaiswal.com told CNBC-TV18, "For short-term  Reliance Communications is looking weak. From the level of Rs 115 the stock is making lower-tops and lower-bottom and yesterday it broke the important support of Rs 92, so the stock can go down to around Rs 80."
He further added, "The long-term investors can hold it because the long trend is still positive and one will get the opportunity to exit from the stock near to Rs 120-130 in next six to eight months time."
At 14:42 hrs Reliance Communications was quoting at Rs 90.45, down Rs 2.15, or 2.32 percent. It has touched a 52-week low of Rs 89.95 on the BSE.
RELATED NEWS

Namibia uses BEL s electronic voting machinesNamibia uses BEL's electronic voting machines
Anil Urs
Tweet
Bangalore, Dec 12:  
The Electoral Commission of Namibia (ECN) had conducted the Presidential and National elections in Namibia on November 28 and 29 using Electronic Voting Machines (EVMs) made by Indian public sector undertaking - Bharat Electronics Ltd (BEL).
ECN used 5,850 customised EVMs supplied by BEL in three instalments along with battery packs, tabulators and printers.
Namibia became the first African nation to embrace electronic voting and the event was closely watched by the members of the African Union and the South African Development Council, apart from the global media.
To provide support during the general elections, a team of 30 engineers/technicians led by Krishna Kumar P, Additional General Manager, BEL, was sent to Namibia on November 21.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

Make in India  shouldn t merely focus on manufacturing: RajanRajan punches holes in Modi's 'Make in India' programme
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 12, 2014 02:06 PM IST
Sounding a note of caution against Prime Minister Narendra Modi's 'Make in India' campaign, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan today said it should not focus only on manufacturing.
"I am...Cautioning against picking a particular sector such as manufacturing for encouragement, simply because it has worked well for China. India is different, and developing at a different time, and we should be agnostic about what will work," Rajan said while speaking at the Bharat Ram Memorial Lecture in Ficci.
He further said there is "danger when we discuss Make in India" as something which is focused on manufacturing, "an attempt to follow the export-led growth path that China followed. I don't think such a specific focus is intended".
Modi had announced the ambitious 'Make in India' programme at his first Independence day speech from ramparts of Red Fort to attract overseas investments and make the country a global manufacturing hub.
He said when India pushes manufacturing exports, it will have China to contend with and an export-led growth will not be as easy as it was for the Asian economies who took that path before India.
"...I am counselling against an export led strategy that involves subsidising exporters with cheap inputs as well as an undervalued exchange rate, simply because it is unlikely to be as effective at this juncture," he added.
Further, he also said it may not be proper to see 'Make in India' as a strategy of import substitution through tariff barriers.
"This strategy has been tried and it has not worked because it ended up reducing domestic competition, making producers inefficient, and increasing costs to consumers," Rajan said.
He also said that India should also focus on domestic demand and create a unified market with a view to reduce transactions cost.
"If external demand growth is likely to be muted, we have to produce for the internal market. This means we have to work on creating the strongest sustainable unified market we can, which requires a reduction in the transactions costs of buying and selling throughout the country.
"Improvements in the physical transportation network... will help...A well designed GST bill, by reducing state border taxes, will have the important consequence of creating a truly national market for goods and services, which will be critical for our growth in years to come," he added.

India s GDP Growth May Surpass China in 2 Years: Kotak LifeArun Jaitley Resolves to Encourage Public, Private Investment in 2015
India's GDP growth is likely to recover in the next financial year 2015-16 and may surpass China's growth by 2016-17, Hemant Kanawala, head of equity at Kotak Life Insurance, told NDTV.
"The Indian GDP is likely to recover in FY16. We are expecting that growth will recover above 6 per cent next year and by CY16 (Calendar Year 2016) or FY17 India is likely to surpass GDP growth of even China. India is likely to emerge one of the fastest growing economies among the emerging markets," he said.
India's growth has been stuck at sub-5 per cent for the last two fiscals - its worst ever performance in 25 years. While China's economy grew by 7.7 per cent in the last fiscal, India grew at 4.7 per cent.
"The expectation is Chinese growth will come off...for FY17 or CY16, which investors globally see, Indian GDP is likely to be in the range of 7 per cent whereas China is likely to go below that as of now, this is what the current estimates suggest," he said. ( Watch Video )
The Reserve Bank of India or RBI sees India's GDP growth at 5.5 per cent in FY15. The World Bank pegs it at 5.6 per cent.
Investors expect FY16 GDP in the range of 6-6.5 per cent, Mr Kanawala said. "But the exact GDP in March 16 is likely to be between 6.5-7 per cent," he added.
The International Monetary Fund or IMF expects China's growth to slow down to 6.5 per cent sometime in 2016, while the World Bank sees China's growth slide to 7.1 per cent in 2016.
Kotak expects the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to lower interest rates next year, which it believes will propel growth.
"If inflation remains lower, then there will be greater ability of RBI to lower interest rates, which is one of the first requirements for the economy to recover and grow faster," Mr Kanawala said.
Wholesale inflation in October cooled to a 5-year low of 1.77 per cent, helped by fall in food and fuel prices; while retail inflation eased for the third straight month to 5.52 per cent.
Faster clearance of projects which are stalled and reforms on land and labour will be the key to India's growth recovery, Kotak said.
Story first published on: December 10, 2014 16:56 (IST)

Cabinet Allows PSU Banks to Cut Government Stake to 52%You are here: Home Economy
Government Agrees to Cut Stakes in State Banks; Could Raise $26 Billion
Reuters | Updated On: December 11, 2014 00:01 (IST)
Arun Jaitley Resolves to Encourage Public, Private Investment in 2015
New Delhi: The Cabinet on Wednesday approved plans to raise about Rs 1.6 lakh crore ($25.76 billion) by selling some of government stakes in state-run banks by 2019.
The government holds stakes ranging from 56 per cent to 84 per cent in 27 state-run banks. They account for 70 per cent of total outstanding loans of about $1 trillion in Asia's third-largest economy.
The state-run lenders are estimated to need as much as $60 billion in capital over the next four years to meet new global regulations and to build a buffer against rising bad loans.
"While permitting banks to raise capital from the market, the banks would be advised to preserve the Government holding at minimum 52 per cent," the statement said, adding that the lenders could phase in sales of shares in the market.
Cutting the government stakes would substantially reduce the requirement to provide for injections of capital into public-sector banks, Minister of State for Finance Jayant Sinha told Parliament last month.
While the government has in the past funded the state lenders - by about $13 billion over the past decade - it is now striving to reduce the capital injections to lower its Budget deficit.
The government said it would need to put Rs 78,895 crore ($12.70 billion) into the banks over the next four years to maintain 52 per cent stakes. It could get nearly Rs 34,500 crore ($5.56 billion) as dividends.
Analysts say bigger state-run banks have a better chance of raising capital from the market. They remain sceptical that smaller lenders can attract investors.
Indian state-run banks have been burdened by high levels of bad debt and by corporate governance issues. An RBI-appointed panel this year recommended the government cut its stake in state lenders to less than 50 per cent.
(1 dollar = 62.1050 rupees)
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014
Story first published on: December 10, 2014 20:33 (IST)

Non-food credit grows11.44%Street sees good show after stellar year
Non-food credit — loans given by banks to companies and individuals — grew at a subdued 11.44% year-on-year for the fortnight ended November 28, taking the outstanding credit in the system to Rs 61,76,881 crore, according to RBI data. The number for the fortnight ended November 14 was an equally dull 11.13% y-o-y.
Meanwhile, growth in deposits came in at 11.70% y-o-y, taking total deposits to Rs 83,17,049 crore. While time deposits grew at 11.20% y-o-y to Rs 75,43,725 crore, demand deposits were up 16.82% y-o-y at Rs 7,73,328 crore.
Credit growth, which had plummeted to a decade low of 9.8% in the fortnight ended September 5, has picked up in subsequent fortnights thereafter. With few takers for project loans, much of the disbursements relate to working capital. However, several corporates have been tapping other means of cheaper funding, such as the commercial paper (CP) market. With project sanctions having dropped by a sharp 32% in FY14, demand for project loans is unlikely to be very high this year. After announcing State Bank of India’s results for Q2FY15, chairman Arundhati Bhattacharya had said it could be a while before demand for credit picked up meaningfully.
Demand for retail loans had been fairly subdued in the festive season, bankers said. With liquidity ample, banks have been lending even to AA-rated corporates at the base rate. The base rates of most banks are in the region of 10-10.25%. Some firms have tapped the bond market where AAA-rated firms can raise 10-year bonds at anywhere between 9.40% and 9.60%.
Post Comments
More from indianmarkets

Maharashtra sugar mills get legal notices for non-payment ofFRPCommodities see longest losing streak in 23 years
Legal notices are being issued to several sugar mills in Maharashtra for non-payment of fair remunerative price (FRP) for the new season. Mills have been asked to reply to the notices in a week failing which they have been called for hearings for recovery proceedings to be held at the State Sugar Commissionerate in the next three days.
Almost all mills in Ahmednagar, Pune, Solapur, Kolhapur and Sangli have received these notices. The first instalment of cane payment in Maharashtra is expected to be either on par with FRP or more than FRP. This year, in the absence of any decision on the first instalment, mills have been instructed to pay FRP rates to farmers.
Confirming the development, Maharashtra sugar commissioner Vipin Sharma said the primary notices were issued by the regional joint directors (RJDs) in their respective regions for non-payment of FRP. “Normally, the first instalment of cane payment is made to mills after 15 days of the start of the season. This year, the season began early from November 1. However, a majority of mills in the state are yet to make cane payments to farmers,” Sharma told FE.
“A status report which speaks of the deficit in the sugar rates this year and the increasing cost of production has been sent to the state government with a recommendation for measures to be taken by the government,” he said.
The FRP for 9.5% recovery has been fixed at R2,200 a tonne and there will be a rise of R232 a tonne for every 1% rise in recovery. For 11% recovery, FRP comes to R2,650 a tonne.
Sanjiv Babar, MD, Maharashtra State Cooperative Sugar Factories Federation ( MSCSFF) said that several mills have been issued legal notices for non-payment of FRP. “The sugar industry in Maharashtra is on the verge of collapse. Sugar prices have fallen and several mills with a negative networth who are not in a position to raise finances have no option but to resort to distress sales,” he said.
Post Comments
More from commodities

No proposal to reduce age limit for civil services: GovtWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.
Union Budget 2014-15 Highlights
Following are the highlights of the Union Budget 2014-15 presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament on July 10, 2014
Income-tax exemption limit raised by Rs 50,000 to Rs 2.5 lakh and for senior citizens to Rs 3 lakh
Exemption limit for investment in financial instruments under 80C raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh.
Investment limit in PPF raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh
Deduction limit on interest on loan for self-occupied house raised to Rs 2 lakh from Rs 1.5 lakh.
Committee to look into all fresh tax demands for indirect transfer of assets in wake of retrospective tax amendments of 2012
Fiscal deficit target retained at 4.1% of GDP for current fiscal and 3.6% in FY 16
Rs 150 crore allocated for increasing safety of women in large cities
LCD, LED TV become cheaper
Cigarettes, pan masala, tobacco, aerated drinks become costlier
5 IIMs to be opened in HP, Punjab, Bihar, Odisha and Rajasthan
5 more IITs in Jammu, Chhattisgarh, Goa, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala.
4 more AIIMS like institutions to come up in AP, West Bengal, Vidarbha in Maharashtra and Poorvanchal in UP
Govt proposes to launch Digital India’ programme to ensure broad band connectivity at village level
National Rural Internet and Technology Mission for services in villages and schools, training in IT skills proposed
Rs 100 cr scheme to support about 600 new and existing Community Radio Stations
Rs 100 cr for metro projects in Lucknow and Ahmedabad
Govt expects Rs 9.77 lakh crore revenue crore from taxes
Govt’s plan expenditure pegged at Rs 5.75 lakh crore and non-Plan at Rs 12.19 lakh crore.
Rs 2,037 crore set aside for Integrated Ganga Conservation Mission called ‘Namami Gange’
Kisan Vikas Patra to be reintroduced, National Savings Certificate with insurance cover to be launched
FDI limit to be hiked to 49% pc in defence, insurance
Disinvestment target fixed at Rs 58,425 crore
Gross borrowings pegged at Rs 6 lakh crore
Contours of GST to be finalised this fiscal; Govt to look into DTC proposal.
‘Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya New Teachers Training Programme’ launched with initial sum of Rs 500 crore
Govt provides Rs 500 crore for rehabilitation of displaced Kashmiri migrants
Set aside Rs 11,200 crore for PSU banks capitalisation
Govt in favour of consolidation of PSU banks
Govt considering giving greater autonomy to PSU banks while making them accountable
Rs 7,060 crore for setting up 100 Smart Cities
A project on the river Ganga called ‘Jal Marg Vikas’ for inland waterways between Allahabad and Haldia; Rs 4,200 crore set aside for the purpose.
Govt proposes Ultra Modern Super Critical Coal Based Thermal Power Technology
Expenditure management commission to be setup; will look into food and fertilizer subsides
Impasse in coal sector will be resolved; coal will be provided to power plants already commissioned or to be commissioned by March 2015
Long term capial gains tax for mutual funds doubled to 20%; lock-in period increased to 3 years
Rs 4,000 cr set aside to increase flow of cheaper credit for affordable housing to the urban poor/EWS/LIG segment.
EPFO to launch the ‘Uniform Account Number’ service to facilitate portability of Provident Fund accounts
Mandatory wage ceiling of subscription to EPS (Employee Pension Scheme) raised from Rs 6,500 to Rs 15,000
Minimum pension increased to Rs 1,000 per month

State-run Banks May Issue Equity With Differential Voting Rights: SBIRBI Extends Deadline For Niche Banks' Licensing Spplications
New Delhi: With the government indicating that it won't continue to fund public sector banks (PSBs), SBI chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya today said they could look at issuing shares with differential voting rights to raise funds to meet the Basel-III capital adequacy norms.
"The writing on the wall is very clear...they (PSBs) have to think of differential voting rights. It is time to lay out some kind of road map on how much the banks need to do and how much support it would get," she said while talking to reporters on the sidelines of a conference.
The government yesterday allowed PSBs to raise up to Rs 1.60 lakh crore from markets by diluting government holding to 52 per cent in phases so as to meet Basel III norms.
Pitching for consolidation in the banking sector, Bhattacharya said that it was important to have three-four major banks.
"It is extremely important for India to have 3-4 major banks. ... We should allow the banks to come together and talk among themselves. In the past also we have seen government has forced some mergers...it is very important for the banks to determine who should be their correct partners," she added.
According to Bhattacharya, "it is better to merge good banks with good banks."
She further said the government has shown its intent to continue with reforms in the banking sector by deciding to bring down its stake to 52 per cent.
"The news that the government has allowed PSBs to bring down government stake to 52 per cent kicks off the next round of reforms... because for the first time clear signal has been given (to PSBs) to source capital from the market.
"The big daddy back there is not going to be around to give them capital as and when they need. If they need to be competitive and want to grow, then they definitely need to look at other places for more capital," Bhattacharya added.
Out of 27 PSBs, Government of India controls 22 through majority holding. In the remaining 5 banks, state-run SBI holds majority stake.
The Basel III norms, which will come into effect from March 31, 2019, were put in place following the 2007-08 financial crisis triggered by the fall of Lehman Brothers.
The norms are aimed at improving risk management and governance while raising the banking sector's ability to absorb financial and economic stress.
As per Basel-III norms, the minimum capital level for Tier-1 has to be 7 per cent.
Story first published on: December 11, 2014 16:28 (IST)

France unveils reforms to kick-start economy© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5c1e25dc-8068-11e4-872b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Modis popular touch is a weapon in the battle for reformModi’s popular touch is a weapon in the battle for reform
David Pilling
Even on seemingly dry topics, he has the flair to relate potential reforms to everyday lives
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d8648da0-7ee4-11e4-a828-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Russia s Rosneft Reaches Preliminary Oil Supply Deal with EssarAshiana Housing To Enter Chennai, Kolkata; Eyes Pune
Russia's top oil producer Rosneft struck oil and gas deals with India on Thursday, seeking to strengthen ties with Asia and diversify its exports away from Europe, under pressure from Western sanctions.
During President Vladimir Putin's one-day visit to the Soviet-era ally, Rosneft signed an initial deal to supply 10 million tonnes a year or 200,000 barrels per day (bpd) of oil to India's Essar Group over 10-years, its head Igor Sechin told reporters. Supplies could begin as early as in 2015.
Essar Group said in a statement that the two companies signed key terms of crude and oil product supplies by Rosneft to its Indian refinery. Russian bank VTB also signed a deal to open a $1 billion credit line to Essar.
Essar last year signed a similar $1 billion debt-for- fuel deal with China, but the contract has yet to take off.
"There is a possibility of a swap deal between Rosneft and Essar, which may have got a deep discount in prices to justify freight for a long haul crude," said Ehsan Ul Haq, senior consultant at UK-based consultant KBC Energy Economics.
Essar has recently opened a trading office in Geneva.
Haq said Essar may cut imports from Iran to accommodate Russian barrels. Essar depends heavily on Iran to feed its 400,000 bpd Vadinar refinery.
In January, sources told Reuters that Russia and Iran were negotiating an oil-for-goods swap deal.
Russian Economy Minister Alexei Ulyukayev was quoted on November 30 as saying the deal with Iran might be sealed soon. Iran Oil Minister Bijan Zanganeh however played down the news earlier this week.
Sechin, a long-standing ally of Putin, also told reporters that India's ONGC would join its liquefied natural gas project in Russia's Far East. Rosneft already has one foreign partner in the project, U.S. ExxonMobil.
The plant is designed to produce 5 million tonnes of frozen gas initially starting from 2018-2019.
ONGC is already a stakeholder in the Rosneft-led Sakhalin-1 oil and gas project in Russia's Far East.
Sechin said Rosneft would continue talks with ONGC on increasing the participation of the Indian company in its upstream projects in Russia.
Rosneft has offered a 10 per cent stake in the Vankor oilfields, but New Delhi is pushing for a 25 per cent interest. India is also seeking tax breaks on a proposed 49 per cent stake in Yurubcheno-Tokhomskoye, a greenfield project in eastern Siberia.
Russo-Indian trade, at $10 billion a year, is only one-ninth of the volume of trade between Russia and China.
Russian fertilizer company Acron also signed a preliminary agreement with miner NMDC, to help a group of Indian firms buy stake in its $2 billion Potash mine in Russia.
Copyright: Thomson reuters 2014

Mercedes Benz takes engagement with polytechnics to a higher levelHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Mercedes Benz takes engagement with polytechnics to a higher level
Our Bureau
CSR initiative Eberhard Kern, Managing Director & CEO, Mercedes-Benz India handing over the training car to PV Sarode, Regional Director, Technical Education & Principal, Government Polytechnic, Pune
Donates two training cars, diagnostic units
Pune, Dec 11:  
Mercedes Benz India has donated two new training cars and the latest Star diagnostic units to two Government Polytechnic institutes in Maharashtra.
The German luxury car maker has been supporting an advanced one-year-long Mechatronics programme it has developed for these institutes to help students keep pace with advancement in automotive technology, and develop skilled manpower.
Today the Govt Polytechnic Pune received the keys to a third Mercedes C-Class sedan, while the Govt Polytechnic Aurangabad got its second such car from the Company.
“In the service area, we are growing at a CAGR of 30%, and the demand for trained manpower is so high that there is a fight for them,” Eberhard Kern, MD and CEO, MBI said. The Company has trained 370 students since the inception of the course in 2006, and absorbed nearly half of them in their workshop and service outlets.
MBI currently also runs the course in Thiruvananthapuram and plans to forge a partnership with a fourth Institute in the northern part of the country.
(This article was published on December 11, 2014)
Related

Beheading at LoC: Poll over  NDA backs what UPA didWritten by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi |
Posted: December 12, 2014 3:48 am | Updated: December 12, 2014 10:04 am
“When Pakistan beheaded our soldiers, we fed their PM chicken biryani… The Centre lacks courage.” These words were used by Narendra Modi at an election rally in the run-up to the Lok Sabha elections to slam the UPA government’s response to the killing of two soldiers — Hemraj Singh and Sudhakar Singh — along the LoC in January, 2013.
Sushma Swaraj, the then Leader of Opposition in Lok Sabha, had said, “We should take revenge… If we don’t get his (Hemraj’s) head, we should get 10 of theirs.”
Now, in an affidavit filed in the Supreme Court, the Modi-led NDA government has significantly toned down that rhetoric. In fact, it lists what it calls UPA government’s “stern” warning and the steps taken by the Manmohan Singh government in the wake of the incident.
The Ministry of External Affairs has said in the affidavit that following a warning by the then Prime Minister, “the Pakistan DGMO began conveying the assurance that instructions had been issued to its troops along the LoC to abide by the ceasefire”.
Listing the measures taken by the previous government, the affidavit said, “On January 15, 2013, the Hon’ble Prime Minister of India, in a
stern public warning to Pakistan, said that it cannot be business as usual after the killing and brutal beheading of Indian soldiers on the LoC. Those responsible for killing and mutilating Indian soldiers should be brought to book.”
It also recorded the statement made by the then external affairs minister Salman Khurshid, who had said that Pakistan should not think such incidents will be ignored, or that bilateral ties will remain unaffected.
“The Hon’ble Minister also clarified that these provocative actions by the Pakistan Army, in contravention to all norms of international behaviour, would lead us to draw appropriate conclusions about Pakistan’s seriousness in pursuing normalisation of ties with India,” it added.
The Centre’s affidavit also states that the MEA spokesperson had then made a statement that Pakistan needed to take practical measures on the ground. The affidavit does not spell out any steps proposed or being contemplated by the NDA government, but simply records the measures by the UPA government.
The government was responding to a court notice on a PIL moved by one Sarwa Mitter, who had sought the court’s intervention on account of “inaction” by the government in taking steps to address the killings of the two personnel.
The court is hearing this petition along with a separate PIL filed by the father of Kargil martyr Captain Saurabh Kalia, who was reportedly tortured and killed in captivity by the Pakistan Army in 1999. In this matter too, the court had issued notices to the Centre.
The Centre has also challenged the maintainability of the petition, arguing that foreign policy was purely an executive function to be performed by the government and that no PIL could seek an action against a foreign state.

Sensex  Nifty recover ahead of inflation  IIP dataMarket update: Sensex tanks 251 points to close at 6-week low, Nifty falls 68 points
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 12, 2014  | 20:32 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) index Sensex on Friday, weighed down by a sluggish European opening amid release of macro-economic data later in the day, stumbled further by over 251 points to end at a fresh over 6-week low of 27,350.68.
Sustained selling by foreign funds ahead of Christmas holidays also aided the down trend, while foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) sold shares worth Rs 808.27 crore on Thursday, as per provisional data provided by the bourses.
The 30-issue BSE barometer resumed stable and improved to a high of 27,692.32 on firm Asian cues on the back of rally on Wall Street on Thursday.
Later, however, it met with strong resistance and fell back to settle at 27,350.68 on bearish European opening, showing a fall of 251.33 points (or 0.91 per cent).
On Thursday, the gauge had tanked by 229.09 points (or 0.82 per cent). On a weekly basis , the Sensex had tumbled 1,107.42 points (or 3.89 per cent).
Refinery stocks continued to suffer the most as RIL, ONGC, Gail India and Cairn India dropped further on sustained worries over the sustained fall in global crude oil prices.
Sensex-based RIL ONGC and Gail India contributed over 85 points to the sensex fall.
Brent crude oil prices fell to an over 5-year low of near US $63 a barrel.
Besides refinery, realty, consumer durable, capital goods, metal and power shares too were at the receiving end and put pressure on the BSE index.
Selling was mainly seen across-the-board as 11 of 12 sectoral indices finished in the red while only the Healthcare index ended in the green on defensive buying.
On similar lines, the broader 50-share National Stock Exchange (NSE) index Nifty also plummeted by 68.80 points (or 0.83 per cent) to 8,224.10.

Persecution of LGBT surges after SC rulingIf Mamata Banerjee arrested, Bengal will be on fire: Trinamool Congress MP Idris Ali
There has been a surge in crimes against India’s sexual minorities, including rape, assault, blackmail and harassment, since the country’s top court reinstated a ban on gay sex a year ago, activists said on Thursday.
The Supreme Court, ending four years of decriminalisation that had helped bring homosexuality into the open in this deeply conservative country, ruled in December last year that only parliament could change a colonial-era law banning homosexual sex.
Activists said the ruling had resulted in a marked increase in the persecution of Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual and Transgender (LGBT) people, forcing many to conceal their sexual identity.
“Across the country, we are getting many more reports about threats, intimidation, police harassment, rapes and especially cases of blackmail and extortion,” said Abhina Aher, programme manager for Pehchan, a charity providing healthcare for sexual minorities.
“People have gone back into the closet after the Supreme Court ruling. There is no doubt about that. There is so much more fear than before.”
Aher, who was speaking at an event marking the first anniversary of the Supreme Court decision, said her organisation had recorded 2,064 cases of violence against sexual minorities in the past year, but had no figure for previous years.
In the past year, police have raided homes and arrested LGBT people, while extortion rackets by people in internet chat rooms posing as gays to entrap people were mushrooming, she said.
Victims from New Delhi, and states such as Maharashtra, Odisha, Gujarat and Andhra Pradesh, used the event to tell stories of abuse and discrimination since the Supreme Court ruling.
One transgender woman spoke of being pulled into a car by four men at night and gang raped. When she reported the attack, she was treated like a criminal by police, she said.
A gay man told of being entrapped by a man he met in a gay internet chat room. When they met in a hotel room, the man stole his wallet and extorted money from him, saying he would tell the victim’s colleagues and family about his sexual identity.
“I didn’t know what to do and whether to go to the police. I was scared … what they would do to me,” said the man, who did not wish to be identified, but said he was from the business city of Mumbai.
In 2009, the Delhi High Court ruled unconstitutional a law dating back to 1860 that prohibits “carnal intercourse against the order of nature with any man, woman or animal” and lifted the ban on sex between consenting adults of the same sex.
The Supreme Court threw out that decision, saying that only parliament could change Section 377 of the penal code, widely interpreted to refer to homosexual sex. Violation of the law can be punished with up to 10 years in jail.
The Supreme Court’s move shocked rights activists, who had expected the court simply to rubber-stamp the High Court ruling, and prompted the United Nations to call it a “significant step backwards for India.”
Post Comments
More from miscellaneous

Sugar stocks soar after govt fixes ethanol procurement priceStreet sees good show after stellar year
While markets slipped on Thursday, sugar stocks bucked the trend with gains of 3-12% following Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs’ (CCEA) decision on ethanol procurement. On Wednesday, the CCEA decided to fix a price of R48.5-49.5 for ethanol procurement by oil marketing companies (OMCs).
Among the major gainers were Simbhaoli Sugars (12.8%), Balrampur Chini (4.9%), Shree Renuka Sugars (4.1%), Bajaj Hindusthan (4.5%) and Dhampur Sugar Mills (3.7%).
However, analysts point out that CCEA’s decision will only make marginal difference as ethanol and cogeneration together don’t contribute more than 25% to a sugar mill’s topline. “Bulk of the revenues are generated from sugar production, which remains a loss-making proposition.
Unless the Rangarajan pricing formula is not adopted by UP, sugar mills will not see a turnaround in their earnings,” said S Ranganathan, head of research, LKP Securities.
According to Bloomberg data, for Dhampur Mills, revenues from chemical production including ethanol, accounted for 23% of its FY14 revenues of R1,823 crore. For Shree Renuka Sugar, ethanol production amounted to 3% of FY14 revenue of R11,546 crore.
In an official release post-market hours on Wednesday, the CCEA said, “The delivered price of ethanol may be fixed in the range of R48.50 per litre to R49.50 per litre, depending upon the distance of sugar mill from the depot/installation of the OMCs as per the slab …”
As per the slabs outlined by CCEA, price of R48.50/litre is fixed for 0-100 kms. For distance of 101-300 kms, the price is fixed at R49/litre and for the distance more than 300 kms between the mill and the OMC depot, price has been fixed at R49.5/litre.
OMCs presently pay R29/litre for ethanol. Under the new mechanism, OMCs will incorporate “Supply or Pay” clause duly backed up with bank guarantee in their supply agreement with ethanol suppliers.
Additionally, OMCs will sign MOU with state governments for a comprehensive system for uninterrupted inter-depot transfer of ethanol within a State. This may include annual excise permits to OMCs for movement of ethanol and other relevant measures.
Post Comments
More from indianmarkets

Re hits day s low of 62.50 versus $ | Oil @ $63You are here: Home > Collections
Rupee ends day at 62.29 versus US $
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 12, 2014, 06.33PM IST
Tags:
forex
(Continuing its fall for…)
MUMBAI: Continuing its fall for a fifth straight day, the rupee lost further ground against the US dollar.
The Indian currency slipped to a fresh 10-month low of 62.505 against the US dollar in intraday deals at the Interbank Foreign Exchange due to sustained demand for the American unit from importers.
Forex dealers said apart from dollar's gains against other currencies overseas on upbeat US retail sales data, increased demand from oil importers for the American currency kept pressure on the rupee but a higher opening in the domestic equity market capped the fall.
The rupee had plummeted to a 10-month low of 62.33 against the greenback, down 31 paise in yesterday's trade, on strong dollar demand due to oil firms stepping up purchases of crude oil which is trading near 5-year lows.
(With inputs from PTI)

OnMobile buyback price Rs 86; stock gains 5%You are here: Home > Collections
OnMobile fixes buyback price at Rs 86/share; stock rallies
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 12, 2014, 09.56AM IST
Tags:
OnMobile Global
(Shares of OnMobile Global…)
MUMBAI: Shares of OnMobile Global were hit at 5 per cent upper circuit after the telecom services provider fixed share buyback price at Rs 86 per share.
The company has decided to buy-back equity shares of Rs 10 each from open market through stock exchange mechanism at a "price not exceeding Rs 86 per equity share payable in cash for an aggregate amount not exceeding Rs 49 crores," the company said in a filing to stock exchanges.
The buy-back price is at 24% per cent premium to the stock's previous closing price.
There were 2.76 lakh pending buy orders and no sellers in the counter.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nifty call: Outlook is bearishNifty call: Outlook is bearish
Lokeshwarri SK
Tweet
BL Research Bureau:  
The Nifty Futures contract opened on a positive note at 8,346 slightly higher than its previous close of 8,342. After encountering resistance at around 8,360, the contract lost its positive momentum and resumed its short-term downtrend. Traders with a near-term perspective can sell the contract on rallies while maintaining a stop-loss at 8,360. The contract can decline to 8,300 levels. An emphatic downward break of 8,300 can pull the contract down to 8,275 and then to 8,250 levels.
Nevertheless, a decisive rally above 8,360 can push the contract higher to 8,380 or 8,400 levels. The contract needs to conclusively break the key resistance at 8,500 levels to alter the short-term downtrend.
Strategy: Outlook is bearish. Sell the contract with a stop-loss at 8,360 levels.
Supports: 8,300 and 8,275
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

Panacea Biotec surges on strategic alliance with ApotexPanacea Biotec surges on strategic alliance with Apotex
Dedicated Freight Corridor: Rs 20 000 cr orders soonDedicated Freight Corridor: Rs 20,000 cr orders soon
Dev Chatterjee | Mumbai Dec 12, 2014 01:24 PM IST
The Indian Government is all set to give Rs 20,000 crore worth of orders on behalf of the Dedicated Freight Corridor (DFC) which is to be commissioned by 2019. This is good news for L&T, GMR, and GVK and other construction companies. Indian Railways is setting up the project aimed to supplement the rail transport capacity with a project cost of over Rs 80,000 crore.
Here is an update on the issues which slowed down the mega project: 
Land Acquisition:  Like any other infrastructure projects, there are stretches of land that have been difficult to acquire for the government.For example, the western corridor of DFC was to pass through Panvel and then proceed towards Jawaharlal Nehru Port Trust (JNPT). But acquiring land for DFC has been difficult at Panvel where several other projects are also converging like proposed CST-Panvel fast corridor, upcoming airport at Navi Mumbai, suburban sections on the Virar- Vasai-Diva-Panvel line and finally, construction of the Panvel Coaching complex. The DFC authorities have now requested for additional land from CIDCO. 
Management change:  Frequent management changes and availability of adequate resources at the mid level have been a bane for DFC till date. “The company continues to suffer lack of institutional strength as a result of non-availability of adequate resources at the middle level. The post of all the directors and MDs constituting the functional board has been short of its strength since 2011 continuously and in absence of full strength of functional directors, various roles are already clubbed, which is affecting smooth functioning of the company,” confesses the annual report of DFC. 
Not enough bidders: Given the conditions set by the Japanese government (which is giving soft loans) and which stipulates involvement of a Japanese partner, the total number of bidders has been low for the Western corridor. This has twin impact as cost will be higher and delays in award of orders, given final bids have only two players (in most recent cases). Of this, even if one backs out, then the entire bid process is put to jeopardy. 
Cancelled tender: A tender for design and construction of civil, building and track work for a 102-km-long double railway line in JNPT-Vaitran section in Maharashtra was recently cancelled (Sojitz-L&T and Mitsui-IRCON were the qualified bidders) and fresh bids have been floated. The pre-qualification process for this package was originally initiated during November 2013 and was to be awarded in FY2015. Cancellation of a tender and iterating the process again have a ripple effect on the overall advancement of the project, says a Kotak analyst. 
Slow orders: The DFC has recently awarded two big orders to GMR and L&T consortiums. The contract value at Rs 5,080 crore to GMR while L&T-Sojitz was awarded electrification works for the 915-km stretch. More than 40% of the ordering will be imported Japanese products – substation equipment, electric wires and other equipment for railway electrification. After a long lull, the government plans to give orders worth Rs 20,000 crore. This could be good news for the Indian companies as long as the orders are not delayed like earlier.

Govt caps prices of 52 more "essential" drugs  including painkillers & antibioticsYou are here: Home > Collections
Government caps prices of 52 more "essential" drugs, including painkillers & antibiotics
PTI Dec 12, 2014, 01.38PM IST
(These drugs include commonly-used…)
NEW DELHI: To keep a check on prices of essential medicines, the government has brought 52 new drugs under its price control mechanism including some commonly used painkillers and antibiotics, as also those useful in treatment of cancer and skin diseases.
Following the latest move, more than 450 drug formulation packs are now under the price control mechanism of the National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (NPPA), which entails the regulator fixing ceiling and retail prices for such medicines.
"The NPPA has fixed/revised the prices in respect of 52 formulation packs both ceiling and retail price packs under DPCO, 2013," the drug pricing regulator said.
The NPPA was established by the government to to fix or revise the prices of controlled bulk drugs and formulations and to enforce prices and availability of the medicines in the country under the Drugs Prices Control Order (DPCO).
According to industry experts, the major drugmakers likely to to be impacted by the latest price control decision include Lupin, Cadila and Merck.
The new drugs that have come under price control include commonly-used antibiotics and painkillers as well as medicines used for treating cancer and skin disorders.
The bulk drug formulations that have been added to the controlled list include those containing Paracetamol, Glucose, Amoxycilline, Diazepam, Codeine Phosphate, Ciprofloxacin, Losartan and Diclofenac.
Earlier in September, NPPA had capped the prices of 43 formulation packs including drugs such as antibiotic Ciprofloxacin, BCG vaccine and anti-diabetic Metformin.
In July also, NPPA had reduced the prices of some of the key medicines and had fixed the price of 108 non-scheduled formulation packs of 50 anti-diabetes and cardiac medicines.
The NPPA is also entrusted with the task of recovering amounts overcharged by manufacturers for the controlled drugs from the consumers. It also monitors the prices of decontrolled drugs in order to keep them at reasonable levels.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India can achieve 8-9% growth rate: Manmohan...economy
(He said the country is poised…)
NEW DELHI: India can achieve a growth rate of 8-9 per cent provided there is a "national consensus" on methods to take advantage of globalised world, said former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , whose tenure saw the economy registering three years of 9-plus growth rate.
"I think that even though many other emerging economies are not doing too well, India has an opportunity to move towards a growth rate of 6-7 per cent and thereafter to 8 per cent," Singh said while delivering a lecture at Ficci.
He said the country is poised to take advantage of globalisation and engage in trade to finance its imports through exports.
"Today we cannot grow in isolation... India is well placed to take advantage of this situation provided we evolve a meaningful national consensus to move ahead," he said.
Except for India, other emerging economies -- like Brazil, Russia and South Africa -- are not doing well, Singh said, adding the country is poised for a 8-9 per cent growth.
"We are working towards a growth rate of 8-9 per cent. There are opportunities, there are risks. India is currently at least poised to create a milieu in which the growth story of India can be another worthwhile chapter in the evolving global economies," he said.
Indian economy was growing at over 9 per cent for three years before it was impacted by the global financial crisis of 2008. The growth rate fell to sub-5 per cent in two consecutive fiscals -- 2012-13 and 2013-14.
In the current fiscal, the government estimates the growth to be between 5.4-5.9 per cent.
Singh said a meaningful solution to India's problems of poverty, ignorance and diseases can be found only in the framework of rapidly expanding economy.
"There is a broad consensus that we need a growth rate of 8-9 per cent to create 10-12 million jobs every year if we have to conquer unemployment within our life-time," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India buys less gold as traders await policy...You are here: Home > Collections > Bullion
India buys less gold as traders await clarity on import policy
Reuters Dec 12, 2014, 02.05PM IST
Tags:
bullion
(The world's second-biggest…)
SINGAPORE: India is importing lower quantities of gold despite a recent move to ease curbs as bullion banks and traders await clarifications on new import policies, market sources said.
The world's second-biggest bullion buyer scrapped a rule late last month mandating traders to export 20 percent of all gold imported into the country, even as the market was expecting it to tighten the curbs.
But customs officials, awaiting directions from the Reserve Bank of India on the new import procedures, were not clearing fresh imports, prompting importing agencies to hold back, traders said.
"Banks are holding back because we are waiting for clarification on the new rules from RBI and customs," said a trader with a top bullion bank in India.
"Customs officials are not clearing fresh imports as they are waiting for instructions. There is no point in importing now and having gold stuck with them."
Struggling with a high trade deficit, India last year imposed a record 10 per cent import duty on gold and the so-called 80-20 rule to limit purchases.
The export rule had triggered changes in the way imports were cleared, requiring firms to show proof of exports. The reversal of the rule will likely require more changes.
Traders had expected clarifications to the 80-20 rule earlier this week, but there have been none yet.
Another reason for the lack of strong imports is the adequate supply of bullion in the market.
Anticipating tighter rules, dealers had stocked up in the previous months, with imports likely to have crossed 100 tonnes for a third straight month in November.
"Imports in December are going to be less than that because people are waiting for clarification," said Bachhraj Bamalwa, director at All India Gem and Jewellery Trade Federation.
Consumer demand has also weakened because of the slowdown in the number of weddings, with demand expected to pick up again after mid January, Bamalwa said.
Gold prices in India were either flat or at a small premium of $2 an ounce, down from last week's $5, traders said.
"There is no incentive to import at low premiums and there is enough supply in the market," said another trader at a bank.
Elsewhere in Asia, buying was steady as gold prices moved higher.
Premiums in top consumer China ranged between $1 and $2, while in Hong Kong and Singapore, they were unchanged at a little over $1.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Xiaomi to comply with Delhi HC order barring...Xiaomi to comply with Delhi High Court order barring sales
Gulveen Aulakh Dec 12, 2014, 01.56PM IST
Tags:
Delhi High Court
(Xiaomi is selling Red…)
DELHI: Chinese smartphone maker Xiaomi says it will fully comply with the Delhi high Court order asking it to stop sales of its smatphones in the country, Manu Jain, head of the company's India operations, told ET.
Xiaomi, the third largest smartphone maker in the world, had earlier suspended the upcoming flash sale of its Red Mi 1S and Red Mi Note smartphones.
"We have not been served the notice till now, but we know about the issue. If the court has asked us not to do it, we won't do it," Jain said referring to the high court order barring Xiaomi from selling, importing or advertising mobile phones in India until February 5, the next date of hearing. "We would want to be 100% compliant with Indian rules and regulations."
The order, which followed telecom equipment maker Ericsson's plea that Xiaomi was infringing on its patents, leaves its future flash sales and business prospects in ambiguity even as the fast growing smartphone maker is trying to work out legally to resolve this issue in a critical market for the company.
"We will explore all options including legal options on what can be done. Our lawyers and legal teams are working on it but we don't know how this will proceed. We will communicate and explain very openly to our users about what the order says, once we get it," Jain added.
The Delhi High Court on Tuesday had asked Xiaomi and its exclusive partner Flipkart to stop selling and importing phones in India until February 5 on Ericsson's allegations that Xiaomi had infringed upon eight of its registered standard essential patents.
Hugo Barra, head of international operations at Xiaomi, apologised to enthusiasts in a Facebook post on Thursday night while informing them about the company's decision to suspend sales. He added however, that the company 'firmly' intends to continue operations in India.
"We have been forced to suspend sales in India until further notice due to an order passed by the Delhi High Court. As a law abiding company, we are investigating the matter carefully and assessing our legal options," Barra said. He added that the company was doing all it can to revert the situation.
Xiaomi is selling Red Mi 1S and Red Mi Note in India via flash sales through e-commerce partner Flipkart.com and has received about 150,000 registrations for the Note.
  A Flipkart spokesperson said it was yet to receive official communication. "We will work with Xiaomi and the authorities and cooperate with them wherever required," the spokesperson said. At present, pre-registrations for both devices have been closed and the next flash has been suspended.
As per the court order, seen by ET, the interim injunction effectively bars the company from manufacturing, assembling, importing, selling or advertising, including their third party website, any devices into India. Both companies have also been asked to furnish details of quantum of devices sold by them till date in India that are 3G, EDGE compliant and the revenue earned from the sales of these devices.
Xiaomi's top executives had told ET earlier that they intend to manufacture handsets in India within a couple of years, starting off with assembling devices locally, and were exploring the potential with their existing partners in China besides looking at regulatory constraints, tax implications and financial requirements.
When asked whether the ban would impact their local manufacturing plans, Jain did not comment directly but added that Xiaomi was committed to stay in India for long and plans to invest in its operations here in terms of people and products over the coming years. Barra had earlier told ET that India has the potential to become one of its top two markets as Indians buy more smartphones that are being made available at lower prices.
Xiaomi has managed to gain massive traction in India after selling more than 800,000 smartphones, including the popular Mi 3 and low cost Red Mi 1S since its launch in July. It has sold more than 50,000 units of the newly-launched third device Red Mi Note. The company has more than 1% share of the burgeoning smartphone market and is steadily moving towards the 1-million devices mark.
In a similar plea by Ericsson, the Delhi High Court had asked home-grown handset maker Micromax to pay a royalty of up to 1% of the selling price of its devices to the Swedish equipment maker for using its patents on technologies that are essential to manufacture mobile devices. The interim order for Micromax holds until December 31, 2015, the deadline set by the court to conclude the case.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India can be best performing stock market  says NomuraIndia can be best performing stock market  says Nomura
36 charged in Brazil s Petrobras corruption scandal36 charged in Brazil s Petrobras corruption scandal
Confusion at JFK Airport as Korean Air nut incidentbrokeBy: Reuters | Seoul |
Posted: December 12, 2014 2:51 pm
“You mean you need to replace a crew member?” The Korean Air Lines official was speaking to staff aboard flight 086, which had just left the gate at New York’s John F. Kennedy International Airport, bound for South Korea.
“Oh, so he’s been told to get off?” the official asked in Korean, according to recordings on an air traffic broadcast website.
Minutes later, the plane returned to its gate and the cabin crew chief walked off the Airbus A380 jumbo jet, expelled after a senior Korean Air executive travelling in first class took issue with another flight attendant for serving her macadamia nuts in a bag, not a dish.
Heather Cho, 40, the daughter of the airline’s chairman and until this week vice president in charge of the carrier’s in-flight service, has since apologised. The incident, which is being investigated by South Korean transportation authorities, provoked anger and mockery and led to her resignation.
According to recordings on LiveATC.net, a U.S.-based website that archives and shares live air traffic control broadcasts, the incident also triggered bemusement among airport staff.
“Please confirm, do you need to return to the gate sir?” one female operator at JFK repeatedly asked the Korean Air crew, evidently failing earlier to get an answer to the same question.
For nearly 20 minutes the flight crew and officials on the ground discussed whether to replace the ousted cabin crew chief, according to the recordings. Other radio operators asked if a spare jumpseat – a folding seat used by cabin crew – was available on other flights that night.
“OK. The cabin crew chief can leave the plane and the deputy can take over his role, we don’t need another crew member…We’re told we can go without a cabin crew chief when the crew chief gets off.”
The flight arrived at Incheon, near Seoul, 11 minutes late. On Friday, Heather Cho publicly apologised for the incident and said she would personally apologise to the crew member.

A look at pro-Islamic States @ShamiWitnessaccountBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 12, 2014 2:45 pm | Updated: December 12, 2014 4:33 pm
The Bangalore man who is said to be behind the pro-Islamic State Twitter account @ShamiWitness was an active user on the micro-blogging platform until he deactivated it on Friday.
Most retweeted tweets of @ShamiWitness.
He used to post on an average of 147 tweets per day and has posted close to 130,000 tweets. The account had over 17,000 followers. It was widely regarded as a must-follow account for updates about the Islamic State’s ground operations in Syria and Iraq.
A few hours after the account went offline, pro-Islamic State users on Twitter expressed their solidarity with @ShamiWitness.
“I Joined Twitter just so I can follow Shami back when he was still not a “radical”. It is never going to be the same without him,” one user tweeted.
Another user expressed similar views in a tweet that read: “Twitter is just not the same without Shami. He will be back with a vengeance. In Shaa Allah.”

Rohtak sisters: With no witness in favour  duo gets non-Jat propHaryana's caste divide shows up in Rohtak sisters controversy
Sukhdeep Kaur , Hindustan Times  Rohtak, December 11, 2014
First Published: 09:10 IST(11/12/2014) | Last Updated: 17:52 IST(12/12/2014)
Comments
The controversy behind the videos showing Rohtak sisters thrashing their "molesters" on a moving bus and in a park is refusing to die down and now the entire episode has taken caste overtones with non-Jat groups asking the Haryana government to reinstate the bravery award announced for the girls.
Pooja (L), 19, and Aarti, 22, at their home in the district of Sonepat. (AFP Photo)
The groups — Kabir Samaj, Ravidass Samaj, Sain Samaj, Jangra Samaj, Bairagi Samaj, Panchal Samaj, Kashyap Samaj, Kumhar Samaj, Dhiman Samaj, Teli Samaj and Jogi Samaj — have written to Haryana chief minister Manohar Lal Khattar threatening to launch a fast-unto-death protest if the CM fails to meet their demands within a week.
The groups have also demanded that "negative" publicity in the media against the girls — Aarti and Pooja — be banned.
The sisters belong to an Other Backward Class (OBC) community of Thana Khurd village in Sonepat.
The state government had announced earlier this month that it will honour the sisters at the Republic Day function and give an award of Rs. 31,000 each. It later decided to put the award and felicitation on hold .
The three men, who were beaten up by the sisters on a Haryana Roadways bus, were arrested and then released on bail while the bus driver and conductor were suspended and then later reinstated subject to internal inquiry.
Now, Harish Ahlawat, a Rohtak businessman, claims he saw one being 'filmed' at Rohtak's Tilyar lake complex when the sisters were allegedly thrashing and abusing a young man.
Ahlawat says he saw a boy filming a video about a month ago.
"The two sisters were hurling the choicest of expletives and thrashing a young man. I was with my wife and children. When I intervened and asked the boy why was he shooting a video of the girls, he threatened to fix me too. The young man whom they were fighting with told me later that they took away all the money from his wallet," he told HT.
New twist
While no witness has turned up in favour of the sisters after the video showing them taking on their "molesters" on a bus on November 28 went viral on social media, an "uncut" version of the bus video has now surfaced. It shows them asking a third girl, who allegedly filmed the incident, to return their phone.
A witness, Sonia Mittal, an MPhil student of Rohtak's Maharshi Dayanand University, too has claimed that Pooja gave her the phone to a girl to shoot the video in her affidavit and statement to the police. It contradicts the sisters' claim that the video was made by a woman on her mobile phone and sent to them through WhatsApp.
Mittal told HT, "The argument over the seat had ended and the boy had moved to the front area of the bus and there was complete silence for a few minutes. I heard Pooja telling a girl to help her by making a video."
"When the two sisters were hitting him, the boy jumped out when the bus slowed down. Pooja was holding him by his shirt and she, too, fell out of the bus with him. He pushed her to free himself but she ran after him and hit him with a stone. The boy then ran towards a sugarcane field. The girl who made the video got down before them," she added.
The sisters were showing the video to others soon after getting down from the bus at Kharkhauda, which was the last stop, Mittal said.
So far, nine witnesses have recorded their statements with the police.
Witnesses 'planted'
But the sisters and their lawyer, Attar Singh, rubbish the statements claiming the witnesses have been "planted".
"One of their witnesses is a relative of the main accused, Kuldeep, while one has not signed on his affidavit. Sonia Mittal has not given her address in the affidavit. Another witness, Naveen, has been shown travelling on the bus but his village does not even fall on that route. Our witnesses are being pressurised by social groups not to depose in the favour of the sisters," Singh claimed.
He also alleged the park video had been shot by a friend of the boy who was beaten up.
"It was made and uploaded by one of the boy's friends, who lives in Hansi, after the bus video went viral. The girls are not involved in its
recording. We have alerted the cyber cell of the police about it," Singh added.
Flanked by leaders of backward class and Dalit groups in the district court, Aarti and Pooja agree to share the bus video with the reporter but don't.
"They touched us and passed lewd comments. We will not tolerate this. Will you?" they ask.
A backward class leader, Virender Swami, says they are fighting for the "dignity of women".
With the case snowballing into a caste row, two Dalit witnesses from their village have also testified before the police in favour of the accused, Kuldeep, Mohit and Deepak. All the three men are from Asan village of Rohtak.
Moniya has in her affidavit claimed that she was travelling on the bus that day and saw no molestation taking place.
Sitting outside the Rohtak court with her father, Naresh, who claims to be a "personal singer" at the programmes of former Haryana CM Bhupinder Singh Hooda, she told HT, "The sisters told the boys that they beat up people like them everyday. Their language was very abusive. I came forward to give my version after seeing TV reports that they are being honoured," she said.
The other Dalit witness, Santosh, has deposed against them, though she was not travelling in the bus on that day.

HB Estate Developers: Updates on scheme of amalgamationHB Estate Developers: Updates on scheme of amalgamation
Havells India shares fall for third straight dayHavells India shares fall for third straight day
Sony executive apologises for emails about Obama s raceSony executive apologises for emails about Obama s race
False Excitement in OnmobileFalse Excitement in Onmobile
Hong Kong shares edge downHong Kong shares edge down
Reuters
Tweet
Hong Kong, Dec 12:  
Hong Kong shares edged down on Friday as investors stayed cautious, with some worrying that good US retail data will cause the Federal Reserve to starting raising interest rates not too far into 2015.
The Hang Seng index fell 0.3 per cent to 23,249.20, while the China Enterprises Index lost 0.2 per cent, to 11,236.39 points.
For the week, both indexes fell 3.1 per cent, posting their biggest weekly losses since mid-March.
Among the most actively traded stocks on Hong Kong’s main board were Mongolian Mining Corp, up 31.3 per cent to HK$0.02, CCT LAND, unchanged at HK$0.02 and CGN Power, down 2.2 per cent to HK$3.54.
Chinese investment flowing from Shanghai into Hong Kong through the mutual market access pilot programme took up 0.31 billion yuan ($50.12 million) of the 10.5 billion yuan daily quota.
Total trading volume of companies included in the HSI index was 1.6 billion shares. ($1 = 6.1853 Chinese yuan renminbi)
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

Shots fired at Israeli embassy in AthensShots fired at Israeli embassy in Athens
Reuters
Tweet
ATHENS, Dec 12:  
Unidentified assailants opened fire on the Israeli embassy in Athens with a Kalashnikov assault rifle in the early hours of Friday, police said, but no injuries or damage were reported.
Four people on two motorcycles fired shots at the embassy building in a northern suburb of Athens, a police official said. Bullets were lodged in the walls and 54 spent bullet cases were found about 40 metres (yards) from the building, police said.
The Greek government condemned the incident.
"Any terrorist attack hitting at the heart of democracy hits the heart of the country," government spokeswoman Sofia Voultepsi said.
Police have cordoned off the area around the embassy, which has not been a target in other acts of violence in Greece in recent years as an economic crisis raises social and political tensions.
Shots were also fired at the German ambassador's residence in Athens last year.
Bomb and arson attacks that cause little damage and rarely injure are common in Greece, which has a long history of far-leftist violence.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

Job fair for persons with disabilityJob fair for persons with disability
Anil Urs
Tweet
Bangalore, Dec 12:  
EMC, IBM, Infosys BPO, Accenture, Wipro, TCS, Vindhya Infotech, Gensys and Unilog will take part in a job fair exclusively for persons with disability.
The job fair, to be held by the Vocational Rehabilitation Centre, Ministry of Labour & Employment, Bangalore on December 16, is expected to hire 200 people.
The centre has invited applications from persons with disabiliy with educational qualification from class 12 Pass to under graduate/post graudate/MBA/MCA/BE/BTech freshers or with experience. They are invited to participate in the job fair with six copies of their bio-data.
More details can be hand from: Vocational Rehabilitation Centre for Handicapped A-4 BPO 17, 1ST “B” Main, 1st Cross, Peenya 1st State (Behind Peenya Police Station), Bangalore 58 (near Jalahali cross bus stop).
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

Defensives gain; Nifty tumbles towards 8 200Markets end lower ahead of CPI, IIP data; oil shares weigh
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 12, 2014 03:30 PM IST
Markets ended lower on caution ahead of the CPI and IIP data. Decline in crude prices and geopolitical concerns dampened the sentiments of the market participants.
Provisionally, the 30-share Sensex ended down 251 points at 27,351 and the 50-share Nifty shed 65 points to close at 8,228.
_______________________________________________________________
(updated at 3.30 PM)
Markets edged lower in noon trades as investors booked profits on account of geopolitical concerns and steadily declining oil prices. Defensives were back in focus with FMCG and Health Care being the only green pockets at 1430 hrs.
The Sensex was down 204 points or 0.7% at 27,398 and the Nifty slipped 56 points or 0.7% at 8,237.
Broader markets too were under pressure with the mid and smallcap indices down nearly 1% each.
The rupee was at 62.35, after falling as much as 62.45, matching the session low hit on Feb. 20. Traders were on watch for RBI intervention via state-owned banks to support the Indian currency.
Investors are cautious ahead of CPI and IIP data. According to media reports, a business survey has estimated Index of Industrial Production (IIP) to increase to 2.8% for the month of October, 2014 compared to 2.5% in the same month last year and Consumer Inflation Index (CPI) to moderate to 4.5% in November, the slowest rate recorded since the data series was first published in 2012. The November CPI and October IIP data is due later today.
All the sectoral indices except FMCG and Health Care were in red with losses upto 2.3%.
Realty, Oil & Gas, Power, Metal, Capital Goods and Consumer Durables indices down 1-2.3% were the top sectoral losers.
GAIL, BHEL, Sesa Sterlite, Tata Steel, ONGC, TCS, Hindalco, HDFC and RIL down 2-6% were the top losers among Sensex-30.
Meanwhile, Bharti Airtel, Maruti, Sun Pharma, Infosys, HUL, Coal India and Hero MotoCorp up 0.3-1.5% were the only exceptions in green.
Bharti Airtel was the top Sensex gainer on media reports that the government is likely to include one slot for 3G services in the upcoming spectrum auction.
Sun Pharma gained on media reports, the company has started working on Competition Commission of India (CCI)'s order which had placed the condition of selling seven brands from the combined entity's portfolio within six months before the sun Pharma and Ranbaxy merger takes place. Cipla is trading with marginal gains.
The market breadth was negative on BSE. 1882 stocks declined while 927 stocks advanced.
Global Markets
Asian shares got a lift on Friday after upbeat U.S. spending data suggested weaker oil prices have some upside for the American economy. A spate of China data added up to more concerns for investors, with factory growth slowing more than expected last month to its second-worst reading since the global crisis and investment expansion hovering near a 13-year low.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan edged up about 0.1%, though on track for a loss of over 2% for the week.
Japan's Nikkei stock average ended up 0.7%, extending gains as the U.S. data lifted exporter shares, but booked a loss of 3.1% for the week.

Agri loans not only reason behind farmers  indebtedness: GovtAgri loans not only reason behind farmers' indebtedness: Govt
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 12, 2014 02:40 PM IST
Loans for cultivation are not the major reason for the indebtedness of farmers, as successive crop failures and expenditure on health and marriages are other among factors, Rajya Sabha was informed today.
"Loans for cultivation of various crops, including Bt Cotton, are by themselves not responsible for the indebtedness of the farmers.
"Successive crop failure and expenditure on health, marriages and other social ceremonies are major reasons for indebtedness of farmers in the country," Agriculture Minister Radha Mohan Singh said during Question Hour.
To a question on whether the promotion of cultivation of Bt Cotton had lead to increase in indebtedness among cotton growers in Maharashtra, Singh answered in the negative and said Bt Cotton hybrids had been widely accepted by farmers.
"The area under Bt Cotton covers more than 90% of the total area under cotton cultivation," he said.
The Minister said government fixes Minimum Support Price of various crops including cotton after taking into account the recommendations of the Commission for Agricultural Costs and Prices (CACP).
"Government is also implementing crop insurance schemes to compensate farmers, including cotton growers, against losses in crop yield due to non-preventable risks such as natural calamities, pests and disease and adverse weather conditions," he said.

RBI  govt to discuss timeline for 2-6 pct inflation target: RaghuramRajanNew Delhi/mumbai |
Posted: December 12, 2014 3:12 pm
The Reserve Bank of India will start talks with the government for an “appropriate timeline” to ensure the economy is within a medium term inflation target of 2-6 percent, Governor Raghuram Rajan said on Friday.
“Going forward, we will discuss an appropriate timeline with the government in which the economy should move to the centre of the medium term inflation band of 2-6,” Rajan said in a lecture at an industry event.
Rajan added “a glide path” towards lowering inflation to those levels worked best for India by ensuring moderate economic growth.
The RBI governor also proposed a debate on whether India needed more institutions “to ensure deficits stay within control and the quality of budgets is high,” noting other countries had independent bodies that provided opinions on fiscal budgets

Man carrying gold worth Rs 1 crore in shoes heel arrested at GayaairportBy: Express News Service |
Posted: December 12, 2014 3:09 pm
A man carrying gold worth Rs 1 crore in heels of his shoes was arrested on Thursday at Gaya airport by a joint team of Intelligence Bureau and CISF.
The man, identified as Bipin Gupta, had arrived at Gaya from Bangkok, where he reportedly purchased gold and fitted in soles of his specially designed shoes.
Gupta, who was first handed over to customs department to complete legal formalities, was brought to Patna for interrogation. Gupta revealed some more names who are in illegal trade of transporting gold from Bangkok and other cities.
An Intelligence source said: “We had information about a person carrying 4 Kg gold. When police searched Gupta’s belongings, there was no gold. Our team suspected his high heels and was surprised to see how about 4 kg gold was fitted in specially-designed shoes”.

Korean Air executive apologises after nuts incident sparks nationaloutrageBy: Reuters | Seoul |
Posted: December 12, 2014 3:05 pm | Updated: December 12, 2014 3:06 pm
The former Korean Air Lines executive who delayed a flight because she was unhappy with the way she was served macadamia nuts apologised on Friday over the incident, which fuelled outrage and ridicule in South Korea.
Heather Cho, the daughter of the airline’s chairman and head of in-flight service before she stepped down from the post this week, also said she would apologise to the cabin crew chief, who had been ordered to disembark, delaying the flight.
“I will apologise sincerely… in person,” Cho said in response to a question by a reporter as she arrived at a transportation ministry office where she was expected to answer questions about last Friday’s incident at New York’s John F. Kennedy International Airport.
Dressed in black, Cho, 40, emerged from a black Hyundai sedan at a building near Gimpo International Airport. She stood before cameras but looked towards the ground as snow fell, her voice barely audible.
“I sincerely apologise for causing trouble for everyone. I’m sorry,” she said. “I will truthfully answer questions,” said Cho, who is also under a separate investigation by local prosecutors following a complaint filed by a civic group that accused her of breaking multiple laws.
The incident was first reported on Monday, and public outrage grew after Korean Air issued what many in the country took to be a half-hearted apology that rationalised her conduct in the face of inadequate performance by the cabin crew chief.
The event unfolding in the cabin led to confusion at JFK as flight crew and officials on the ground discussed returning the plane to the gate to drop off the crew chief, and whether they needed to replace him.
Earlier on Friday, the airline’s chairman, Cho Yang-ho, said his daughter was being removed from all posts at affiliate companies. She had already quit her position as vice president.
“I apologise to the people of this country as chairman of Korean Air and as a father for the trouble caused by my daughter’s foolish conduct,” said Cho, who bowed deeply in front of media crowded in the lobby of the airline’s headquarters.
His daughter, who was seated in first class on the flight, was displeased with being served macadamia nuts in a bag and not a dish. The pilot brought the plane back to its gate for the cabin crew chief to be expelled. The Airbus A380 arrived at Incheon, near Seoul, 11 minutes behind schedule.
The Transport Ministry said it was reviewing whether Heather Cho violated aviation laws. She could face prosecution and a fine if found to have committed wrongdoing, an official said.
Investigators searched the offices of Korean Air on continued…

Agricultural loans not only reason behind farmers indebtedness:GovtBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 12, 2014 3:03 pm
Loans for cultivation are not the major reason for the indebtedness of farmers, as successive crop failures and expenditure on health and marriages are other among factors, Rajya Sabha was informed on Friday.
“Loans for cultivation of various crops, including Bt Cotton, are by themselves not responsible for the indebtedness of the farmers. Successive crop failure and expenditure on health, marriages and other social ceremonies are major reasons for indebtedness of farmers in the country,” Agriculture Minister Radha Mohan Singh said during Question Hour.
To a question on whether the promotion of cultivation of Bt Cotton had lead to increase in indebtedness among cotton growers in Maharashtra, Singh answered in the negative and said Bt Cotton hybrids had been widely accepted by farmers.
“The area under Bt Cotton covers more than 90 per cent of the total area under cotton cultivation,” he said.
The Minister said government fixes Minimum Support Price of various crops including cotton after taking into account the recommendations of the Commission for Agricultural Costs and Prices (CACP).
“Government is also implementing crop insurance schemes. To compensate farmers, including cotton growers, against losses in crop yield due to non-preventable risks such as natural calamities, pests and disease and adverse weather conditions,” he said.

Agricultural loans not only reason behind farmers  indebtedness: GovtBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 12, 2014 3:03 pm
Loans for cultivation are not the major reason for the indebtedness of farmers, as successive crop failures and expenditure on health and marriages are other among factors, Rajya Sabha was informed on Friday.
“Loans for cultivation of various crops, including Bt Cotton, are by themselves not responsible for the indebtedness of the farmers. Successive crop failure and expenditure on health, marriages and other social ceremonies are major reasons for indebtedness of farmers in the country,” Agriculture Minister Radha Mohan Singh said during Question Hour.
To a question on whether the promotion of cultivation of Bt Cotton had lead to increase in indebtedness among cotton growers in Maharashtra, Singh answered in the negative and said Bt Cotton hybrids had been widely accepted by farmers.
“The area under Bt Cotton covers more than 90 per cent of the total area under cotton cultivation,” he said.
The Minister said government fixes Minimum Support Price of various crops including cotton after taking into account the recommendations of the Commission for Agricultural Costs and Prices (CACP).
“Government is also implementing crop insurance schemes. To compensate farmers, including cotton growers, against losses in crop yield due to non-preventable risks such as natural calamities, pests and disease and adverse weather conditions,” he said.

Sensex down 250 pts; RIL sinks 2% to below Rs 900; Jet  GAIL slip 8%You are here: Home > Collections
Markets in red; top trading strategies for today
ET Now Dec 12, 2014, 02.50PM IST
Tags:
Amara Raja Batteries
(The benchmark indices pared…)
MUMBAI: The benchmark indices pared early gains and slipped in the negative territory on concerns of global economic recovery. According to analysts, the market is likely to shift to lower end of trading range in coming sessions.
"FIIs unwound their long positions last week. As we highlighted, their open interest has reduced much more than Nifty and Bank Nifty open interest since the beginning of December series. This unwinding has continued and now we are witnessing formation of short positions by them with sell figures emerging in cash market segment as well," said Siddarth Bhamre, head - derivatives, Angel Broking.
At 2:48 pm, the Sensex was at 27,350.11; down 251.90 points.
The Nifty was at 8,223.50; down 69.40 points.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Mitesh Thacker, Technical Analyst, www.miteshthacker.com
Buy Glenmark Pharmaceuticals with stoploss of Rs 814 for target of Rs 865
Buy Andhra Bank with stoploss of Rs 88 for target of Rs 95
Buy Aurobindo Pharma with a stoploss below Rs 1130 for target of Rs 1200
Buy Canara Bank with a stoploss below Rs 421 for target of Rs 455
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO,www.powermywealth.com
Buy Glenmark Pharmaceuticals with stoploss of Rs 815 for target of Rs 848.
Buy Amara Raja Batteries with stoploss of Rs 735 for target of Rs 785.
Sell Cairn India with stoploss of Rs 250 for target of Rs 232.
Sell Sun Tv with stoploss of Rs 362 for target of Rs 342.
Prakash Gaba, www.prakashgaba.com
Buy Sun Pharma with stoploss of Rs 835 for target of Rs 870.
Buy Talwalkars with stoploss of Rs 270 for target of Rs 295.
Buy Tata Motors DVR with stoploss of Rs 335 for target of Rs 350.
Siddhartha Chatterjee, Trustline Securities
Buy DCB Bank with stoploss of Rs 107 for target of Rs 113
Buy SKS Micro with stoploss of Rs 392 for target of Rs 408
Buy Amara Raja with stoploss of Rs 735 for target of Rs 759
Gaurav Ratnaparkhi, Technical Analyst, Sharekhan
Buy Tata Communications with stoploss of Rs 431.50 for target of Rs 457
Buy Ashok Leyland with stoploss of Rs 49.40 for target of Rs 53.50
Buy Grasim with stoploss of Rs 3325 for target of Rs 3500
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

TCS plunges 3% on rejig buzz | Healthcare stocks on high  surge 4% as rupee weakensYou are here: Home > Collections > Tcs
Tata Consultancy Services falls on rejig buzz
Reuters Dec 12, 2014, 04.48PM IST
Tags:
commentary
(TCS fell as much as 2.62%…)
Tata Consultancy Services fell as much as 2.62 per cent in intraday session as traders speculated that the company may announce some restructuring, which may impact earnings outlook.
The stock ended the day at Rs 2,455.70; down 1.48%, on the BSE.
TCS will provide a business update later in the day, according to analysts.
TCS does a sell-side meeting before every quarter end. Management's commentary on FY15 dollar revenue growth will be key, according to analysts.
Stock has 34 'buy' ratings, 16 'hold' and 2 'sell' ratings, Thomson Reuters data showed.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex Falls 250 Points as Energy Stocks SinkYou are here: Home Market
Sensex Falls 250 Points as Energy Stocks Sink
NDTV | Updated On: December 12, 2014 14:50 (IST)
Sensex Rises More Than 300 Points; Bank Nifty Hits Record
A sharp fall in energy stocks pressured the benchmark Sensex and Nifty in afternoon trade on Friday. The Sensex slumped over 200 points or 0.8 per cent, while the Nifty traded below the key 8,250 levels.
Shares in state-run Gail (India) declined 6 per cent tracking the continued slide in global Brent crude prices. Fall in crude oil lowers petchem and LPG realizations which in turn impacts Gail India's margins.
Upstream oil producers such as Cairn India and state-run ONGC also fell sharply.
Index heavyweight stocks such as Reliance Industries fell sharply, weighing on sentiments. IT stocks also came under selling pressure after earlier gaining over 1 per cent. TCS fell over 2 per cent ahead of an analyst meet later today.
Selloff in high beta metals and realty stocks also impacted market sentiments, traders added.
Nifty gainers included Ambuja Cements, up 1.8 per cent, and state-run NMDC, Bharti Airtel, Sun Pharma and Maruti Suzuki.
The silver lining for markets was the recovery in the rupee, which pulled back to 62.31 per dollar after earlier falling to 62.51, its worst fall since February.
Story first published on: December 12, 2014 14:47 (IST)

SpiceJet to seek time till Jan for recapitalisation planLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
SpiceJet to seek time till Jan for recapitalisation plan
The company is expected to come up with a recapitalisation plan and submit it by December 15.
Post your opinion here
01:30 pm
Troubled airline SpiceJet  is looking to seek time till January for recapitalisation plan, sources tell CNBC-TV18’s Kritika Saxena.
The company is expected to come up with a recapitalisation plan and submit it by December 15. The management is learnt to have met investors in the US and Middle East. However, the investors are said to be concerned about the regulatory hurdle and growth prospects in the aviation sector.
The promoters, Marans, are unwilling to sell their complete 53.4 percent stake. They are looking to raise at least Rs 1,200 crore via sale and in case an investor backs out, they have may pump in the additional capital themselves.
RELATED NEWS

IEA cuts 2015 demand growth forecastsDec 12, 2014, 03.01 PM IST
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Post your opinion here
The page you are seeking has expired and is no longer available on Moneycontrol.com
ADS BY GOOGLE

RBI  govt to hold talks on timeline for 2-6% inflation targetRBI  govt to hold talks on timeline for 2-6% inflation target
JSW Energy may move to Rs 107-110: Manas Jaiswal02:00 pm
Manas Jaiswal of manasjaiswal.com told CNBC-TV18, " JSW Energy is still looking very strong on the charts. It is making higher-tops and higher-bottoms, it has some resistance near to Rs 98. However, soon it will break Rs 98 also and it can go up to around Rs 107-110. So, one can hold the stock and keep a stoploss below Rs 88."
" City Union Bank is facing lot of resistances near to Rs 94-96 and it can correct, it can come down to around Rs 84-85 then one can buy that stock because the overall trend is positive. On weekly and monthly chart the stock is making higher-tops and higher-bottoms, so one can buy the stock near to Rs 84-85 with a stoploss of Rs 78," he said.
RELATED NEWS

Infinite Computer Solutions IndiaPlatinum Member
10389 Followers
At 11:52 hrs Infinite Comp has formed a bearish bar reversal chart pattern today. A Bearish Bar Reversal occurs when today\'s high is higher than its previous day high and the current price / today\'s close is lower than its previous day close. More technicals. Do you know what's the buzz in this stock? 5 comments
Reply to this message

Ambuja Cement trades firm  up 1.7% on NSEAmbuja Cement trades firm, up 1.7% on NSE
Our Bureau
Tweet
Chennai, Dec 12:  
Ambuja Cement made rapid gains in the afternoon session to trade at Rs 226.85 near the close on the NSE on Friday. At 3.05 pm it was up 1.70 per cent on its overnight finish at Rs 223.05.
Bharti Airtel, which started the day on a firm note, shed part of its morning gains by close. It was trading at Rs 347.45 as against Rs 343.30 at close yesterday. This represented a gain of 1.21 per cent.
NMDC also edged down from its morning levels. It was trading at Rs 139.20 as against Rs 137.70 at close on Thursday. This was a gain of 1.09 per cent.
Maruti Suzuki picked up steam in the latter half of the day, riding up 0.97 per cent to trade at Rs 3,373.55. The share had closed the overnight session at Rs 3,341.10.
Infosys gained 0.92 per cent at Rs 1,938.75 as against Rs 1,921.05 at close yesterday.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related
Sensex plunges 251 points on weak global cues; IIP, retail inflation data eyed
TOPICS

FTSE heads for biggest weekly drop in 2-1/2 yearsFTSE heads for biggest weekly drop in 2-1/2 years
Reuters
Tweet
London, Dec 12:  
Britain’s FTSE share index headed for its biggest weekly drop in 2-1/2 years on Friday after slipping to a new six-week low, with a further drop in crude oil prices and disappointing Chinese economic data hitting commodity stocks.
The UK mining index fell 2.1 per cent in a seventh straight session of weakness, after data showed factory output in the world’s biggest metals consumer China rose 7.2 per cent in November from a year ago, slowing from October’s 7.7 per cent and against analysts’ forecasts of 7.5 percent.
The oil and gas index fell 1.6 per cent, tracking Brent crude oil, which continued its downward march and dropped to a 5-1/2-year low for a weekly loss of more than 8 per cent, amid persistent concerns over a global supply glut and a bearish demand outlook.
“Traders are assessing the impact of the fall in oil prices and selling positions in major oil producers. This is adding to the FTSE’s demise along with weaker data from China,’’ Tom Robertson, senior trader at Accendo Markets, said.
“But with a pullback in prices, this may represent a buying opportunity if your view is that the markets will go back up with the seasonal ‘Santa Rally’.’’
Commodity stocks Tullow Oil, BG Group, Rio Tinto and BHP Billiton fell 1.9 to 3.7 per cent, putting pressure on the blue-chip FTSE 100 index.
The benchmark index was down 1.4 per cent at 6,371.01 points by 0856 GMT after setting an intra-day low of 6,369.47, the lowest since late October. The index has fallen 5.6 per cent so far this week, the biggest weekly drop since mid-2012.
UK house builders fell following a note from Citi saying the sector’s positive outlook appeared to be priced in and valuations had generally become more stretched after a good bounce over the last three months. Persimmon fell 4.1 percent as Citi cut its stance to “neutral’’ from “buy’’.
On the positive side, water utilities Severn Trent and United Utilities rose 2.6 per cent and 3.3 per cent, respectively. Traders said the end of uncertainty — following water regulator Ofwat’s ruling on final tariffs the companies can charge customers until the end of the decade — helped water stocks.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

Panacea inks pact with Canadas ApotexHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Panacea inks pact with Canada’s Apotex
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 12:  
Drug firm Panacea Biotec has entered into a partnership with Canada based Apotex Inc for research, development, licence and supply of two drug delivery based generic products to US, Canada, Australia and New Zealand markets.
In addition to upfront and milestone research fee payments from Apotex, the company shall receive a share of development cost and profit. Post commercialisation, the profit from the products shall be shared at a pre-agreed ratio between the two companies, Panacea Biotec said in a filing to BSE.
The current sales of the innovator products are to the tune of $1 billion, it added.
Commenting on the development, Panacea Biotec Joint MD Rajesh Jain said: “This strategic alliance with Apotex is one of the cardinal milestones in our global generics strategy.”
As per the agreement Panacea will undertake product development, manufacture and supply of the products while Apotex will be responsible for the regulatory affairs and commercialisation activities, the company said.
“The strategic alliance with Panacea Biotec is another example of Apotex seeking to develop strategic partnerships with carefully selected companies to enable access to products and technologies where Apotex does not have its own manufacturing facilities,” Apotex Inc Chief Business Officer Steven Lydeamore said.
Both companies intend to expand the scope of the alliance by adding new drug delivery based complex generic products to the collaboration, Panacea said.
Shares of Panacea Biotec were today trading at Rs 163.85 per scrip in the afternoon trade on BSE, up 6.22 per cent from it’s previous close.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

Bharti Airtel holds firm  up 1.6% on BSEBharti Airtel holds steady, up 1.6% on BSE
Our Bureau
Tweet
Chennai, Dec 12:  
Bharti Airtel, which began the day on a firm note, held steady to keep gains of 1.60 per cent near the close on Friday. At 2.55 pm it was trading at Rs 349.20 as against Rs 343.70 at close yesterday.
Maruti Suzuki rode up 0.94 per cent at Rs 3,370 as against Rs 3,338.60 overnight.
Infosys also maintained its firm undertone to hold on to most of its morning gains. It was trading up 0.92 per cent at Rs 1,938.50. The share had closed yesterday’s session at Rs 1,920.80.
Sun Pharma Industries edged down a tad to hold gains of 0.9 per cent at Rs 843. The stock had closed the previous session at Rs 835.45.
Coal India shone in late trading. It was quoting at Rs 366.95. This represented a gain of 0.88 per cent on its overnight close at Rs 363.75.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related
Sensex plunges 251 points on weak global cues; IIP, retail inflation data eyed
TOPICS

Alstom T&D India bags orders worth Rs 246 crHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Alstom T&D India bags orders worth Rs 246 cr
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 12:  
The Maharashtra State Electricity Transmission Co has awarded orders worth Rs 246 crore to Alstom T&D India for building 400/220 kV grid sub-stations at Kudus, Alkud and Kondhwa in the State.
The sub-stations will strengthen the 220 kV transmission network.
Rathin Basu, Managing Director, Alstom T&D India, said, “Maharashtra is one of the largest transmission networks in India and has a generation capacity of 15,500 MW. Alstom T&D India, with its advanced high voltage products and solutions, plays a significant role in building and strengthening the State’s transmission network. ”
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

Hero Cycles ready to join hands with PSBs to boost sales in rural marketHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Hero Cycles ready to join hands with PSBs to boost sales in rural market
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 12:  
The world’s largest cycle manufacturer Hero Cycles on Friday offered to partner with nationalised banks to improve the livelihoods of more than 400 million people below the poverty line who do not have the financial capability to purchase bicycles outright.
At an event marking the inauguration of Financial Awareness Festival at Rashtrapati Bhavan, Pankaj Munjal, Co-Chairman and Managing Director of Hero Cycles, said there is an urgent need to provide financial assistance through micro finance to enable rural people to purchase bicycles.
The company gifted 50 Hero cycles to President Pranab Mukherjee’s staff at the Rashtrapati Bhavan for a healthier and environment-friendly commute within the 320-acre President Estate.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

Markets Live: Sensex plunges 255 points on weak global cues; IIP  retail inflation data eyedWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

How to Get Great Last-Minute Holiday Travel Dealshow to get great last-minute holiday travel deals
Jalopy-Driving Waitress Gets Tip of a Lifetime: Shiny CarEmail
Cindi Grady had just finished serving a large group of diners at Cracker Barrel in Branson, Missouri, when her manager asked her to step outside the restaurant for a moment.
That’s when she spied a silver 2008 Ford Fusion with a shiny red bow on the roof.
“It’s not new,” Gary Tackett tells Grady in a YouTube video shot by his daughter. “But it’s new to you.”
Video: Two Cracker Barrel customers in Missouri give waitress Cindi Grady a new car to replace the duct-taped jalopy she was driving to work.
Tackett and his wife, Roxann, regulars at the diner, had noticed Grady’s blue dented jalopy in the lot — courtesy of one too many run-ins with deer, one window was covered in plastic and the hood was strapped down. The Quitman, Arkansas, couple decided their favorite waitress, who has worked at the restaurant a little over two years, needed some new wheels.
On Nov. 29, the Tacketts presented Grady with keys to the vehicle.  
“I cannot believe that someone would be that generous to me,” a smiling Grady told NBC affiliate KARK of Little Rock, Ark.  Tackett’s daughter shared the video of the four-door tip on social media. Since then, the story has been shared thousands of times.
Grady isn’t the first Cracker Barrel waitress who has risen to Internet fame, however. In January 2014, Abigail Sailors had a lengthy conversation with two customers and wound up telling them her whole life story. When the 18-year old college student collected their bill, she found more than $6,000 in tips.
“It’s wonderful that there are people out there who do things like this,” said tipping expert Mike Lynn, a professor at the Cornell University School of Hotel Administration. “It’s human nature to identify and try to help real people.”
Janella Escobar, the director of corporate communications for Cracker Barrel, agrees. Escobar said the guests who patronize the restaurant chain, famous for its old-timey rocking chairs, help nurture a family atmosphere with staff.
“Cracker Barrel’s mission is to please people,” said Escobar. “It’s wonderful when we see our guests turn around and live out that mission.”
In February, Myles Eckart, 8,  stumbled upon a $20 bill in an Ohio Cracker Barrel parking lot. Rather than pocket the dough, the boy penned a heartfelt note and presented it to Lt. Col. Frank Dailey, who was eating at the restaurant. Myles’ father was killed in Iraq, and in the note the boy thanks “Soldier” for his service and says that in his family, “We like to pay it forward.”
Reports of headline-grabbing tips have surfaced elsewhere. North Carolina bartender Chrisi Kemp scored a $1,000 gratuity on a $14.01 bar tab. Despite terrible service at an Iowa restaurant, a couple left a hefty $100 tip for their waiter and a note that read, “We’ve both been in your shoes. Paying it forward.”
In Branson, Grady is back at work slinging pancakes and chicken pot pie but now after a shift she can head home in style.
“I’m still shell-shocked,” Grady said in a social media post. 
Tags:

Bruce Willis Wants $13 Million For His New York Apartmentbruce willis wants $13 million for his new york apartment
California Battles Whooping Cough EpidemicWelcome to 2015. What just happened? Where did 2014 go? Television personalities Ryan Seacrest and Jenny McCarthy...
John Locher/AP Photo

The filmmakers filmmakerUpdated: December 11, 2014 19:48 IST
The filmmakers’ filmmaker
Of search and research: Raj Kumar Hirani (with Sanjay Dutt and Aamir Khan) brings a scholar-like regimen to filmmaking.
TOPICS
Hindi cinema
As “PK” knocks at our imagination, director Raj Kumar Hirani shares his craft and sensibilities with Anuj Kumar
First film set in a hospital, second on Gandhian philosophy and third on our education system, a stranger to Hindi film universe might feel Raj Kumar Hirani deals in dry documentaries. But as we know it, Hirani’s universe is anything but dry. Laced with humanising drama, his cinema is entertaining and uplifting at the same time. This exceptional yet unassuming filmmaker has both the critics and the box office in sight and no wonder his contemporaries look up to him. When filmmakers love to recycle success quickly, he has taken five years to come up with his next, “PK”. The atmosphere is rife with what the film is all about. Hirani is in no mood to spill the beans yet. What he discusses though is his craft, dropping hints along the way.
“I have been battling my own films and yehi chalta hai attitude. That’s why we have not been able to make the next film in Munnabhai series. I also need money but there is no greed. That’s why I am ready to put in five years to work on the idea behind ‘PK’, which is again an issue which is very close to my heart.” He quips fellow Sindhis might not like this attitude. He learnt his lessons early. “When I was making ‘Munnabhai MBBS’ I was told you got to have a romantic song and I shot ‘Chhan Chhan’ with great difficulty but today the only thing that rankles me about the film is the song. It should not have been there.” Hirani has a set of rules and the first is that the story has to be unique. “It is difficult because for 100 years films are being made in different countries in different languages. You think something and then you realise that it has already been put on screen. It happened with us during the writing of ‘PK’ as well.” Hirani and his friend and collaborator Abhijat Joshi wrote the complete script and then discovered that it was similar to Christopher Nolan’s “Inception”. “We were also talking about how one can change a man by changing his thought. Then we wrote another and this time Abhijat saw something and again we had to make certain changes.”
Is he referring to Umesh Shukla’s “Oh! My God”? Hirani nods. Be it Raju Rastogi in “3 Idiots” or Batuk Maharaj in “Lage Raho Munnabhai”, Hirani has been commenting on blind faith but this time it seems the issue is more central to the story. Hirani agrees and says this has something to do with his upbringing. “My father was completely agnostic. . He used to say give me logic and I will follow all the rituals. When my grandmother passed away and panditji said he had to distribute utensils among family members, he refused. He countered that everybody already had these utensils at home. He said he doesn’t have the money and was supposed to take care of his family and that is what his mother would have expected of him. Then there was a guruji in our locality. Everybody used to go and sit on the floor and he used to languish on a sofa. My father asked him why does he make old Sindhi ladies, most of whom, had knee problems sit on the floor.” Similarly, when he was 10 Hirani started believing that ghosts reside in the dark and open areas. “One night he took me in his second hand car to the countryside, stopped in the middle of nowhere, and started shouting for ghosts. I shuddered but slowly the fear gave way to strength. It reflects in my work.”
On the poster where Aamir Khan flaunts his curvaceous figure, Hirani says there is a difference between nudity and vulgarity. “I don’t find him nude. Many of our heroines look far more nude because of the poses they are made to strike.” The point is PK is an ordinary Indian and Aamir’s chiselled figure is anything but ordinary. “It was the body that he made for ‘Dhoom’ and I got it as a bonus. I agree PK need not be that well built but I didn’t want him with a paunch either,” he argues.
“We have released other posters as well but if somebody asks me which is the final poster I will still pick it as it reflects the crux of the film. It is the key image of the film. And it is not intended to be funny,” adds Hirani leaving the question of whether the bare body is a metaphor for the layers we show off in day to day life to imagination.
The promo reminds of “3 Idiots” because it also introduces a character. “The only similarity is that we have again taken the narrator route to tell the story. The film is in Anushka’s voice. Many times when you have to say a lot in the story, the narrator route helps.”
On casting Aamir again, Hirani says he needed somebody who is baby-faced and innocent. “With age he hasn’t lost that innocence. Anushka is taller than him in the film which is good. I didn’t need conventional pairing.”
Working with actors as diverse as Sanjay Dutt and Aamir must be daunting but Hirani holds the director has to understand each actor and adapt. “If you ask me, I love rehearsals because you can spot flaws and correct them. But if I ask Sanju to go for rehearsal he will laugh. His strength is that he will memorise two page dialogues in five minutes. If he will rehearse his spontaneity will go away. Boman and Aamir need rehearsals.”
Hirani’s stories are fables. They are escapist yet rooted to the values we want to hold on. Even the item song in “Munnabhai MBBS” had a moral logic. “How can you find Mahatma Gandhi today? There is a very thin line actually,” admits Hirani. “It can snap anytime and the scene can fall into slapstick category. Like the way the boys were trying to run away with the ashes of somebody’s father (in “3 Idiots”). In fact many people who read these scenes called them slapstick. Such scenes need to be shot very realistically. You don’t have to make an effort to make the audience laugh. The situation itself will do it.” Then he keeps the background engaging like the burqa covered women lining up for a photo shoot in Shimla (“3 Idiots”). “I saw an actual photograph somewhere and found that funny. If somebody notices it I feel good.”
Talking about his chemistry with Abhijat, Hirani reveals their process. “Once we zero down on the subject, we talk about the subject for a month while doing our respective research. Then we share our experiences and when we find something really interesting we record it in the ‘thought folder’ that we both have in our computers. In about a month the thought folders gather mass. Slowly, a narrative and characters start to emerge. Abhijat is very strong on drama and structuring. I have a humorous bent of mind . But we keep on coming back to the drawing board.”
He gives the credit for the seamless nature of their storytelling to his editing sense, which accompanies him even during the shooting stage. A trained editor, Hirani wanted to join the director’s course at FTII but today he has no regrets. “ I often say kato kato! I mean if you will not cut now you will have to cut at the editing table. To abhi kaat lo. Even during the shooting I keep on telling the actors. Pause kaato. Ye lamba ho raha hai. I think layman doesn’t understand editing but even many of our filmmakers don’t realise its importance. Once you start seeing sound and picture independent of each other you can change the complete meaning of the film.” He cites the example of badly edited TV award shows. “Once they showed that I am giving the award to somebody and then cut to me clapping as well. Unintentional double role!”

Nifty up at 8300 points  Sensex flat in early tradeDec 12, 2014 at  04:42pm IST
Sensex drops 251 points as oil stocks slip; logs worst week in 3 years
4
0
Mumbai: The benchmark Sensex on Friday slumped by 251.33 points to end at 27,350.68 and logged its worst weekly drop in three years on hefty losses in oil&gas, realty and metal shares, amid continued tumble in oil prices raising concern over the strength of the global economy.
As many as 11 of the 12 sectoral indices on BSE ended in the red. Overall, nearly 2,000 stocks closed down while just about 920 scrips managed to close up.
Besides global cues and oil price falling below key US dollar 60/barrel mark for the first time since July 2009, caution prevailed ahead of the retail inflation and IIP data to be released after trading hours on Friday, traders said.
Overall, nearly 2,000 stocks closed down while just about 920 scrips managed to close up.
#sensex #nifty #rupee #dollar
The BSE Sensex, after rising to 27,692.32 in early trade, succumbed to selling pressure in blue-chips and fell to day's low of 27,320.05. It settled at a fresh six-week low of 27,350.68, down 251.33 points, or 0.91 per cent.
The index has dropped by a whopping 1104 points in the past week, its worst show since December 2011, during which it fell in four of five trading sessions.
The 50-share NSE index Nifty also plunged 68.80 points, or 0.83 per cent, to close at 8,224.10 after shuttling between 8,216.30 and 8,321.90 intra-day.
"There was weakness across sectors, which was brought about by the global concerns. Markets are concerned about a global slowdown, as reflected in demand from major oil producing organisations. Markets were also cautious ahead of the inflation and IIP data scheduled post-market," said Dipen Shah, Head- PCG Research, Kotak Securities.
Sectorally, BSE Oil & Gas index suffered the most by falling 2.63 per cent. GAIL, ONGC, Cairn fell between 2.5-4.6 per cent. RIL, IOC and HPCL fell in 1.5-2.5 per cent range.
In other BSE sectoral indices, Realty index fell 2.47 per cent, Consumer Durables by 2.28 per cent, Capital Goods by 2 per cent and Metal 1.45 per cent among others.
In the 30-share Sensex pack, as many as 23 stocks closed down. Tata Steel, Sesa Sterlite, BHEL, Bajaj Auto, L&T and HDFC were among big laggards. However, gains in Infosys, Maruti Suzuki and Sun Pharma cushioned the fall.
Small-cap index shed 1.50 per cent and Mid-cap index fell by 1.28 per cent, indicating selling by retail investors. Foreign funds continue to remain net sellers on the domestic bourses which weighed on the sentiment and added to the selling, equity brokers said. Overseas investors sold shares worth net Rs 808.27 crores on Thursday.
2

Cow urine and neem leaves better than chemical insecticides: BJP MPBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 12, 2014 2:35 am
A BJP MP on Thursday suggested that cow urine mixed with neem leaves can be a better insecticide than the chemical ones.
During a discussion on the country’s agrarian crisis in Rajya Sabha, Nand Kumar Sai said farmers were well-off earlier and happy with the yield because they used manure for cultivation and they should go back to that practice. He said with the rise in the use of chemical fertilisers, the quality of produce has come down and farmers are committing suicide.
“Why can’t we use gomutra (cow urine) and mix it with neem leaves in place of insecticides now? Farmers would not commit suicide earlier even if there was famine, but they are doing it now,” he said.
Sai suggested encouraging rearing cows for both milk and manure, saying it would stop production and sale of artificial and adulterated milk-related products. Some members also suggested that farmers above the age of 60 should get pension. Rajya Sabha Deputy Chairman P J Kurien endorsed it, saying, “That is a very genuine demand.”
During the debate, the government informed the House that a new agri insurance scheme will be brought in the current financial year to address problems being faced by the farmers.
Agriculture Minister Radha Mohan Singh said the government would bring new guidelines for the proposed agri insurance scheme and clarified revised guidelines in this regard by the previous government will not be implemented.

UP guv Ram Naik calls for Ram temple s construction  triggers rowComments
Muslim organisations and opposition parties on Friday accused Uttar Pradesh governor Ram Naik of making an unconstitutional statement on a sub judice subject when he called for construction of a Ram temple at the disputed site in Ayodhya.
“People of the nation want Ram Mandir to be made, that wish should be fulfilled as soon as possible,” Naik said at the convocation programme of Awadh University in Faizabad on Thursday, stoking fears that the controversial movement has regained momentum with hawks among Hindu groups getting emboldened by the BJP’s massive election victories this year.
Maulana Syed Nizamuddin, the general secretary of the All India Muslim Personal Law Board (AIMPLB), linked the governor’s statement to the ruling BJP’s promise ahead of the Lok Sabha election but he asserted the Babri Masjid-Ram Janmabhoomi land dispute was pending in the Supreme Court and its verdict has to be accepted by one and all.
“By (making) such statements, Naik has been trying to influence the judiciary and keep the people in good humour,” he said, reprising the fact the subject is sub judice.
Maulana Nizamuddin said Muslims weren’t opposed to a temple at the site, but not exactly where the Babri Masjid once stood.
Naik, a former minister in the Atal Bihari Vajpayee government (1999-2004), made a similar statement in Faizabad on November 11, saying the Narendra Modi administration would find a consensus-based solution.
But Hindu groups have put their weight behind Naik, saying he has underscored people’s feelings. Satyendra Das, the chief priest of the makeshift temple at the disputed site, said both Hindus and Muslims should respect the governor’s statement. “The people want the Ram temple constructed here.”
Ram Janmabhoomi Nyas chief Mahant Janamajai Sharan Maharaj said the shrine should not be built at the cost of peace, though.
Political parties on Friday clubbed Naik’s comments together with BJP member Sakshi Maharaj calling Nathuram Godse a patriot and Union minister Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti’s derogatory remarks at a Delhi poll rally to accuse the ruling party at the Centre of polarising society and spreading communal hatred.
Sharad Pawar’s Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) said the recent remarks of BJP leaders have revealed the “true face” of the saffron party.
In Delhi, BSP chief Mayawati said the government should refrain from making such sub judice statements since he holds a constitutional position and people should wait for the apex court’s judgment.
An undercurrent for an out-of-court settlement surfaced early this month when Hashim Ansari, one of the oldest litigants in the case, threatened to withdraw and adopted a soft stand. “I no longer want to see Ram Lala under a tent,” he said.
The AIMPLB, however, dismissed any suggestions of an out-of-court settlement. It also opposed Babri Masjid Action Committee vice-president Mushtaq Ahmad’s move to offer namaz at the disputed site.
 

Close to GST consensus  bill may be tabled soon: SK ModiDec 12, 2014, 01.29 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Close to GST consensus, bill may be tabled soon: SK Modi
On the states' demand that they should be compensated for five years instead of three as proposed by the central government, Modi said there should be a rider which allowed the Centre to stop compensation after three years
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Close to GST consensus, bill may be tabled soon: SK Modi
On the states' demand that they should be compensated for five years instead of three as proposed by the central government, Modi said there should be a rider which allowed the Centre to stop compensation after three years
Post your opinion here
Street Signs
The government is close to reaching a consensus on the Goods and Services Tax (GST) with state governments and the Bill could be tabled in the Parliament in this session itself, says BJP leader Sushil Kumar Modi, who was formerly the head of the empowered committee on GST.
On the states’ demand that they should be compensated for five years instead of three as proposed by the central government, Modi said there should be a rider which allowed the Centre to stop compensation after three years if it was seen that the states did not need it.
In an interview with CNBC-TV18’s Latha Venkatesh, Modi denied reports that political issues were hampering a consensus. He said some of the manufacturing states like Gujarat, Maharashtra, Andhra Pradesh, among others would see huge loss of revenues because of GST and were asking for a mechanism whereby they would not have to approach the Centre for compensation every now and then.
Once these concerns were allayed, the rollout of GST would be faster and all efforts were on by Finance Minister to ensure that, Modi said. 
Also read: Centre to rework draft GST Bill
Below is the transcript of Sushil Kumar Modi's interview with Latha Venkatesh & Anuj Singhal on CNBC-TV18.
Anuj: What is your sense, do you think we are moving closer to the bill being tabled in the parliament and should we see some progress next week?
A: Eight percent of the issues have been resolved and these are the old three issues. One regarding compensation and because the United Progressive Alliance (UPA) government didn’t gave the compensation so the states have lost confidence into central government or the federal government and that is why they are demanding that there should be constitutional amendment, in the bill itself there should be a provision for compensation, but that is not very important even if the central government agrees for five year then that issue can be resolved. So that trust deficit was there and central government should agree for five years. If central government feel that after three years there will be no loss then what is the harm in assuring the states that they will compensate the losses for five years.
The biggest hurdle has become the petroleum products. When I was the chairman and in our meeting in Bhubaneswar, I had resolved this issue of petroleum products keeping in the GST. I as a chairman have recommended to the parliament standing committee also and I do not understand why the states were opposing it because this is an international practice.
Latha: That seems to be the position of states like Gujarat, which are big manufacturing states and therefore tend to be a bit of a loser in the new GST where the consuming states have an advantage. Do you think Gujarat can be prevailed upon? It seems to be a political issue now and if the Prime Minister stepped in, the Gujarat opposition can perhaps be softened, was the impression that we got from people close to the issue. Is that the problem – Gujarat?
A: Neither the problem is with Gujarat nor Maharashtra because no state wants to incur heavy losses and it is naturally there to Maharashtra, Andhra Pradesh, Gujarat, which are the manufacturing states because of phasing out of GST they will be incurring heavy losses. So they want some assurance from the central government – that’s one and second, they don’t want to be dependent upon the assurance  given by the central  government. They want a mechanism, so they don’t want to go to the central government for their losses. So their concern has no political overtone. It is a genuine concern and Arun Jaitley is competent enough to resolve such issues.
Latha: Are you confident that we should see the bill getting tabled because the former chief minister of Gujarat the current Prime Minister well understands the problem. Do you think that we are in for a consensus and therefore the bill will be tabled?         
A: I am reiterating again, it is not because of Gujarat. There is a genuine concern of Gujarat and some other manufacturing states. You have to take care and you have to resolve those concerns to find out a solution to those concerns. However, regarding petroleum products, it is an international practice, it should be always kept in the GST and the states are allowed to levy over and above GST, so they may not incur losses because states are having more than 40 percent of their revenue from petroleum products.
When I was the chairman, I had recommended to the standing committee and I had catered a consensus that it should be kept within the GST. I will appeal the states that they should not make it as a prestige issue and constitutionally it should not be debarred and even if the state decides, the GST council is there and at that level they can decide which are the items that should be kept within the GST or outside the GST but once you keep it outside, constitutionally if you debar and suppose after two years if you decide then again you will have to bring constitutional amendment.
Latha: I hope the state see the point of view that it should be there in the amendment and it can be temporarily not taxed by the center. The whole point that India Inc wants to know from almost insider like you is therefore do we get an agreement next week. What is your own gut feeling?
A: My gut feeling is that we are inching towards resolving the issue and I am hopeful enough that the federal government will be able to introduce the bill in the present session of the parliament. 
RELATED NEWS

Tata Consultancy Services falls on rejig buzzYou are here: Home > Collections > Tcs
Tata Consultancy Services falls on rejig buzz
Reuters Dec 12, 2014, 04.48PM IST
Tags:
commentary
(TCS fell as much as 2.62%…)
Tata Consultancy Services fell as much as 2.62 per cent in intraday session as traders speculated that the company may announce some restructuring, which may impact earnings outlook.
The stock ended the day at Rs 2,455.70; down 1.48%, on the BSE.
TCS will provide a business update later in the day, according to analysts.
TCS does a sell-side meeting before every quarter end. Management's commentary on FY15 dollar revenue growth will be key, according to analysts.
Stock has 34 'buy' ratings, 16 'hold' and 2 'sell' ratings, Thomson Reuters data showed.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Current net debt stands at Rs 325 crore: Sequent ScientificDec 12, 2014, 02.11 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Current net debt stands at Rs 325 crore: Sequent Scientific
Watch the interview of Manish Gupta, CEO, Sequent Scientific with Sumaira Abidi and Reema Tendulkar on CNBC-TV18, in which he spoke about the specialty chemicals business and how they are planning to utilise the profit that was recorded in Q2.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Current net debt stands at Rs 325 crore: Sequent Scientific
Watch the interview of Manish Gupta, CEO, Sequent Scientific with Sumaira Abidi and Reema Tendulkar on CNBC-TV18, in which he spoke about the specialty chemicals business and how they are planning to utilise the profit that was recorded in Q2.
Post your opinion here

When Pranab got a  dressing down  from Indira GandhiDec 12, 2014 at 01:31pm IST
When Pranab got a 'dressing down' from Indira Gandhi
22
0
New Delhi: Pranab Mukherjee contested the 1980 Lok Sabha elections much against the wishes of Indira Gandhi who gave him a "vociferous dressing down" for an "interminable span of time" after his defeat but he made a dramatic entry into the Union Cabinet despite the loss.
Such was the faith in him that the late Prime Minister Gandhi also made him the Leader of the House in the Rajya Sabha over the claims of other senior contenders including the late AP Sharma.
Now President, Mukherjee trashes as rumours stemming from "fertile imaginations" that he was included in the Cabinet because Indira Gandhi wanted to have a team of 22, an astrologically auspicious number, after Bhagawat Jha Azad had refused to be sworn in.
Such was the faith in him that the late Prime Minister Gandhi also made him the Leader of the House in the Rajya Sabha over the claims of other senior contenders including the late AP Sharma.
#pranab mukherjee #indira gandhi #rajya sabha #ap sharma
Mukherjee recollects all these events of the days when Indira Gandhi returned to power in January, 1980 in his just-released book, "The Dramatic Decade: The Indira Gandhi Years" brought out by Rupa Publications.
"Indira Gandhi headed into the 1980 elections strong and confident as ever. While I was all for choosing core and loyal Congressmen to contest, Indira Gandhi advised me to 'choose people who could run the government' - so confident was she of her electoral success.
"She had strongly advised me against contesting the Lok Sabha elections in 1980, but gave in at my insistence. I contested the election from Bolpur constituency, and was defeated by a margin of 68,629 votes. The decisive vote demoralised me."
4

Maharashtra CM orders probe against Ajit Pawar  Sunil Tatkare in irrigation scamDec 12, 2014 at  03:40pm IST
Maharashtra CM orders probe against Ajit Pawar, Sunil Tatkare in irrigation scam
20
0
Mumbai: Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis on Friday gave a green signal to the states anti-corruption bureau to conduct an open enquiry against former deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar and state Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) president Sunil Tatkare in the irrigation scam.
The Maharashtra Irrigation scam was a government scam which involved financial irregularities of Rs 70,000 crore when Ajit Pawar's was the deputy CM. Ajit Pawar and Tatkare were in charge of water resources department at different times during the Congress-NCP regime.
The allegations had surfaced after the 2012 Economic Survey had stated that the state's irrigation potential had increased by only 0.1 per cent during the past decade despite the huge amount of money put in.
#irrigation scam #ajit pawar #devendra fadnavis #congress
Commenting on the allegations put on him, Ajit Pawar said that since the BJP government was in power in the state, they were free to do whatever they wanted.
This had in turn raised questions on corruption. It was believed that the money had been pocketed instead of being used for the states irrigation. A whistle blower an engineer in the Vidarbha irrigation department had also alleged how the politician contractor nexus worked to siphon off funds.
However, the government had dismissed allegation of involvement in the scam and had released a whitepaper on the same.
Fadnavis when in the opposition, had assured that he would order an open enquiry if he came to power. Keeping his word, his government made the announcement for a probe in the Assembly.
The decision gives the anti-corruption bureau full access to all the data and documents of the various projects involved in the irrigation scam.
23

Make in India should eye more than manufac...GST
('There is "danger when we…)
NEW DELHI: RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan today sounded a word of caution about the new government's 'Make in India' campaign that assumes an export-led growth path of China and said instead it should be 'Make for India' that will produce for the internal market.
He also pitched strongly for some budgetary incentives for household savings that could help ensure that country's investment is largely financed from domestic savings.
Domestic demand has to be financed responsibly as far as possible through domestic savings, he added.
Delivering the Bharat Ram Memorial Lecture on "Make in India, Largely for India", Rajan commended the government's aim of making more in India for which access to finance should be made easier.
"There is a danger when we discuss 'Make in India' of assuming it means a focus on manufacturing, an attempt to follow the export-led growth path that China followed. I don't think such a specific focus is intended," he said.
The Governor's remarks assume significance in the context of the campaign of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who had an announced an ambitious 'Make in India' programme in his Independence Day speech.
The governor said that the world as a whole is unlikely to be able to accommodate another export-led China. Industrial countries themselves have been improving capital intensive flexible manufacturing, so much so that some manufacturing activity is being "re-shored". Any emerging market wanting to export manufacturing good will have to contend with this new phenomenon.
India would also have to contend with China when it pushes into manufacturing exports.
"I am not advocating export pessimism here-- India has been extremely successful at carving out its own areas of comparative advantage, and will continue to do so.
"I am counselling against an export-led strategy that involves subsidising exporters with cheap inputs as well as an undervalued exchange rate, simply because it is unlikely to be as effective at this juncture", he said.
Rajan said that he was also cautioning against picking a particular sector such as manufacturing for encouragement, simply because it has worked well for China.
"India is different, and developing at a different time, and we should be agnostic about what will work," he said.
RBI Governor said that instead of subsidising specific industries because they are deemed important or labour intensive, the public goods each sector needs should be figured out.
He said the second possible misunderstanding was to see 'Make in India' as a strategy of import substitution through tariff barriers, a strategy that had not worked because it ended up reducing domestic competition, made producers inefficient and increasing cost to consumers.
Elaborating on the 'Made for India' concept, Rajan said if external demand growth was likely to be muted then India has to produce for the internal market.
"This means we have to work on creating the strongest sustainable unified market we can, which requires a reduction in the transactions costs of buying and selling throughout the country.
  "A well designed GST bill by reducing state border taxes, will have the important consequence of creating a truly national market of goods and services which will be critical for our growth in the years to come," he said.
Domestic demand has to be financed responsibly as far as possible through domestic savings. "Our banking system is undergoing some stress. Our banks have to learn from past mistakes in project evaluation and structuring as they finance the immense needs of the economy," he said.
The RBI Governor said the system has to work on spreading financial services to the excluded because once they learn how to manage finances and save they can be relied upon to borrow responsibly.
"The income tax benefits for an individual to save have been largely fixed in nominal terms till the recent budget, which means the real value of the benefits have eroded. Some budgetary incentives for household savings could help ensure that the country's investment is largely financed from domestic savings," he said.
The Governor also argued for ensuring transparency and stability in the economy saying a sound fiscal framework around a clear fiscal consolidation path is critical. On the monetary side, a central bank focused primarily on keeping inflation low and stable will ensure the best conditions for growth.
"In reacting to developments, however, the central bank has to recognise that emerging markets are not as resilient as industrial economies.
"So the path of disinflation cannot be as steep as in an industrial economy because an emerging market is more fragile, and people's buffer and safety nets thinner...Going forward we will discuss an appropriate timeline with the government in which the economy should move to the centre of the medium term inflation band of 2 to 6 per cent," he said.
In addition to inflation, he said the central bank has to pay attention to financial stability. Referring to the Current Account Deficit (CAD) and said the best for of financing is long term equity that is Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) which has the additional benefit of bringing in new technologies and methods.
"While we should not be railroaded into compromising India's interest to attract FDI -- for example, the requirements to patent a medicine from India are perfectly reasonable, no matter what the international drug companies say -- we should ensure policies are transparent and redress quick," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sakshi Maharaj regrets Godse remarks in LSSakshi Maharaj regrets Godse remarks in LS
PTI  New Delhi, December 12, 2014
First Published: 13:17 IST(12/12/2014) | Last Updated: 17:03 IST(12/12/2014)
Comments
A united opposition on Friday forced BJP member Sakshi Maharaj to express regret in Lok Sabha and withdraw his remarks terming Mahatma Gandhi's assassin Nathuram Godse a patriot.
Congress president Sonia Gandhi joined opposition members in raising slogans against the government and the BJP member. Soon after speaker Sumitra Mahajan referred to the December 13, 2001 Parliament attack, members from Congress and RJD referred to the BJP MP's controversial remarks.
When the speaker informed that she has rejected notices on adjournment motion and suspension of Question Hour to take up the issue, opposition members from Congress, RJD, TMC and Left trooped into the Well raising slogans against the government and Sakshi Maharaj, who was present.
Amid slogans like 'Hey Ram, hey Ram; Gandhi ke hatyare ko diya samman' (eulogising Gandhi's killer) and 'doshi sarkar hai hai' (down with the guilty government), the House took up Question Hour.
As the pandemonium continued, Mahajan adjourned the House for 10 minutes up to 11.25am. As soon as the House reassembled, parliamentary affairs minister M Venkaiah Naidu said nobody can accept eulogising the assassin of Mahatma Gandhi.
He said the government and the BJP do not agree with the proposition of the MP. When Congress members said they were not satisfied with the Minister's reply, Naidu shot back saying there are people who are "killing" the ideology of the Mahatma every day.
He said the opposition has no issue to raise still it is not allowing the House to function. Disapproving the disruption, Mahajan said from tomorrow she will set aside the first five minutes for apologies.
Sakshi Maharaj rose to make a statement and said he respects the Mahatma and the House. "I withdraw my remarks. But my friends have no issue...Godse killed Gandhi long back but you killed the Mahatma's ideology in 1984 during anti-Sikh riots," he said.

BRGF to aid 272 districts: Nirmala Sitharamanamritsar
(The Minister said the North…)
NEW DELHI: Government is addressing regional economic imbalances in 272 districts through Backward Region Grant Fund (BRGF) and providing industrial incentive to special category states, including northeastern region, Lok Sabha was informed today.
Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman said during Question Hour that the present approach of the government is not based on identification of industrially backward states and districts but is meant to address regional imbalances through BRGF.
"The Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion is providing package of industrial incentive to the special category states of the northeast, including Sikkim, Jammu and Kashmir , Himachal Pradesh and Uttarakhand," she said.
Sitharaman said the new industrial policy and other concessions for special category states for Jammu and Kashmir, Himachal Pradesh and Uttarakhand have been extended up to 2017.
The Minister said the North East Industrial and Investment Promotion Policy (NEIIP) 2007 for the northeastern region and Sikkim has been extended up to 2017.
She said the NEIIP has not been withdrawn but fresh application is not being registered as the DIPP first wanted to clear the dues of old applicants.
"Once the backlog is cleared, we will accept fresh applications," she said.
Sitharaman said the DIPP is also implementing a number of other schemes, including Industrial Infrastructure Upgradation Scheme, Integrated Leather Development Programme.
"Additionally, the Delhi-Mumbai Industrial Corridor and Chennai-Bengaluru-Chitradurga Industrial Corridor, the Vizag-Chennai Industrial Corridor, the Amritsar-Kolkata Industrial Corridor and Bengaluru-Mumbai Economic Corridor are major initiatives to develop manufacturing cities and industrial clusters and accelerate industrial growth and improve investment opportunities," she said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Agra conversion row: Police hunt for accused Nand Kishore Balmiki12
0
Agra: The Agra police on Friday carried out several operations to nab Nand Kishore Balmiki, who is named in the FIR lodged in connection with the alleged forced re-conversion of over 100 people to Hinduism.
Led by Superintendent of Police Sameer Saurabh and ADM Rajesh Srivastava, police teams carried out a raid at the RSS office in Madhav Bhawanin area and in Jaipur House colony, where Balmiki was tipped to be hiding.
Police officials also visited the slum in Dev Nagar and talked to the people who are at the centre of the row.
#conversion row #hindu #muslim #nand kishore balmiki
Meanwhile, protests by Muslim organisations and Samajwadi Party leaders continued all day long. Hundreds of Muslims blocked traffic at Madina Crossing in Mantola area. The police is also on the alert following reports that Muslim groups from Deoband and Mewat were heading for the city.
With no end to the outrage over mass conversions in Agra the government called for anti-conversion laws in all the states. The conversion row was followed by heated arguments in the Parliament on Thursday where a three-hour discussion was conducted on the issue.
Opposition parties led by the Congress demanded that Prime Minister Narendra Modi make a statement. In reply to this Parliamentary Affairs Minister Venkaiah Naidu launched a scathing attack accusing the opposition of unnecessarily politicising the issue. His pride in his association with the RSS, led to a walkout by the opposition parties.
Opposition parties allege 100 muslims were converted by an RSS offshoot using force and allurement. This was strongly condemned as a criminal offence by the opposition.
In the centre of all this political uproar are the families who were allegedly forcibly converted. Their fate is yet to be decided.
(With inputs from PTI)

Sensex falls over 200 points  Nifty down 62 ptsMarket update: Sensex tanks 251 points to close at 6-week low, Nifty falls 68 points
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 12, 2014  | 20:32 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) index Sensex on Friday, weighed down by a sluggish European opening amid release of macro-economic data later in the day, stumbled further by over 251 points to end at a fresh over 6-week low of 27,350.68.
Sustained selling by foreign funds ahead of Christmas holidays also aided the down trend, while foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) sold shares worth Rs 808.27 crore on Thursday, as per provisional data provided by the bourses.
The 30-issue BSE barometer resumed stable and improved to a high of 27,692.32 on firm Asian cues on the back of rally on Wall Street on Thursday.
Later, however, it met with strong resistance and fell back to settle at 27,350.68 on bearish European opening, showing a fall of 251.33 points (or 0.91 per cent).
On Thursday, the gauge had tanked by 229.09 points (or 0.82 per cent). On a weekly basis , the Sensex had tumbled 1,107.42 points (or 3.89 per cent).
Refinery stocks continued to suffer the most as RIL, ONGC, Gail India and Cairn India dropped further on sustained worries over the sustained fall in global crude oil prices.
Sensex-based RIL ONGC and Gail India contributed over 85 points to the sensex fall.
Brent crude oil prices fell to an over 5-year low of near US $63 a barrel.
Besides refinery, realty, consumer durable, capital goods, metal and power shares too were at the receiving end and put pressure on the BSE index.
Selling was mainly seen across-the-board as 11 of 12 sectoral indices finished in the red while only the Healthcare index ended in the green on defensive buying.
On similar lines, the broader 50-share National Stock Exchange (NSE) index Nifty also plummeted by 68.80 points (or 0.83 per cent) to 8,224.10.

Sensex falls 251 points  Nifty down 68 pointsMarket update: Sensex tanks 251 points to close at 6-week low, Nifty falls 68 points
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 12, 2014  | 20:32 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) index Sensex on Friday, weighed down by a sluggish European opening amid release of macro-economic data later in the day, stumbled further by over 251 points to end at a fresh over 6-week low of 27,350.68.
Sustained selling by foreign funds ahead of Christmas holidays also aided the down trend, while foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) sold shares worth Rs 808.27 crore on Thursday, as per provisional data provided by the bourses.
The 30-issue BSE barometer resumed stable and improved to a high of 27,692.32 on firm Asian cues on the back of rally on Wall Street on Thursday.
Later, however, it met with strong resistance and fell back to settle at 27,350.68 on bearish European opening, showing a fall of 251.33 points (or 0.91 per cent).
On Thursday, the gauge had tanked by 229.09 points (or 0.82 per cent). On a weekly basis , the Sensex had tumbled 1,107.42 points (or 3.89 per cent).
Refinery stocks continued to suffer the most as RIL, ONGC, Gail India and Cairn India dropped further on sustained worries over the sustained fall in global crude oil prices.
Sensex-based RIL ONGC and Gail India contributed over 85 points to the sensex fall.
Brent crude oil prices fell to an over 5-year low of near US $63 a barrel.
Besides refinery, realty, consumer durable, capital goods, metal and power shares too were at the receiving end and put pressure on the BSE index.
Selling was mainly seen across-the-board as 11 of 12 sectoral indices finished in the red while only the Healthcare index ended in the green on defensive buying.
On similar lines, the broader 50-share National Stock Exchange (NSE) index Nifty also plummeted by 68.80 points (or 0.83 per cent) to 8,224.10.

T-series Feather review: GoodattemptWritten by Durgesh Haridas | New Delhi |
Posted: December 12, 2014 3:44 pm
T-series, a brand Indians would associate with music and the late Gulshan Kumar, has ventured in to mobile phone manufacturing and have come up with a device called the T-Series Feather. Let’s see if this phone is a chartbuster.
Specs: Android v4.4 (Kitkat) OS, Memory- 4 GB(Internal) + 32 GB Expandable, Wi-fi+ 3G, FM Radio, Dual-SIM, Weight- 85 g, Thickness-  8 mm
Price: Rs 5,625
The phone is slim and light weight, at the first look it very closely resembles the Oppo with the front camera positioning and design. The metallic strip running along the side of the phone gives it a premium look, but the build quality was not all that impressive.
The Feather comes with Android Kit-Kat and doesn’t have that much trouble running the apps. There was some lag when we used the device and we had to shut a few background applications to fix the issue, T-Series uses a Quad core 1.3 GHz Mediatek processor.
The display attempts to be very vivid and lively but the contrast factor leaves much to be desired. The phone comes with a few built in display themes with different icons, layouts and colours.
The cameras are decent and at the Rs 5,625 price point, the Feather offers an 8 MP rear and 2 MP front cameras. The phone is powered by a 1600mAh battery and gives close to 18 hrs of standby time with moderate 3G+WiFi use.
Coming from T-Series we expected the phone to be preloaded with a few albums or offer some free music downloads for buyers, maybe that’s something the makers can look into.
Verdict: At a price of Rs 5,625, the T-Series offers good looks, large screen size and a decent processor. Though the performance of the phone on the whole can improve largely this one can tempt the buyers and is not a bad device to own.

CM Devendra Fadnavis orders ACB probe against Ajit Pawar  top NCP leaders in graftcaseWritten by Shubhangi Khapre | Nagpur |
Posted: December 13, 2014 12:43 am | Updated: December 13, 2014 3:31 am
Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis on Friday gave nod for the investigation against former deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar and former water resources minister Sunil Tatkare in the alleged multi-crore irrigation scam in Maharashtra. The probe will also extend to roles of all contractors and officials involved in the irrigation scam.
The government has also given consent to the Anti-corruption Bureau (ACB) to probe alleged irregularities against former senior public works department minister Chhagan Bhujbal in construction of the Maharashtra Sadan in New Delhi.
Although the decision came into light on Friday following advocate general Sunil Manohar’s submissions to the Nagpur court, Fadnavis had given permission to ACB to probe Pawar, Tatkare and Bhujbal after taking charge as chief minister on October 31. Fadnavis’ decision to begin open inquiries against NCP big wigs was taken even before the Shiv Sena had joined the BJP government.
When Indian Express asked Fadnavis he confirmed, ” I had given the permission to the ACB to proceed in corruption cases last month. The government is committed to combat corruption.”
The government’s decision was conveyed by the advocate general Sunil Manohar to the Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court on Friday. “I have been authorised by Chief Minister of Maharashtra to state that he has cleared open inquiries by ACB against Ajit Pawar, Sunil Tatkare and Chhagan Bhujbal,” Manohar said.
A division bench of the court comprising Justices Bhushan Gavai and V M Deshpande recorded his statement and disposed of PILs demanding investigation.
“When big-wigs are being probed along with officials and contractors, there is no point in keeping these petitions pending,” the court observed while making it clear that petitioners can always approach it again, if they are not satisfied with the inquiry.
The developments clearly upset the leaders of the NCP. NCP chief Sunil Tatkare said, “The charges of corruption are baseless. The state special investigative commission which probed the irrigation projects have not found any charge of corruption against me.”
Reacting to the development, Bhujbal said, “The decisions are always politically motivated. Unless proved why hold us guilty.” Pawar also dismissed the charge against him as “baseless”.
According to Pravin Wategaonkar, who pursued the irrigation scam, “The developments shows Fadnavis government is committed to fight corruption. I welcome the government’s bold decision to take the matter to its logical end.” The former chief minister Prihviraj Chavan did not display the political courage to act against NCP ministers in corruption cases.

Jet breaks winning streak; dives 9% | Sun TV plunges 10% a day after ED questioningJet Airways breaks winning streak; cracks 9%
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 12, 2014, 04.48PM IST
Tags:
BSE
(Jet Airways fell as much…)
NEW DELHI: Jet Airways fell as much as 8.98 per cent in intraday trade on Friday, after flying high on the Dalal Street throughout the week.
Jet shares had soared 80% since November 25, outpacing the BSE 500 index, on hopes the company would benefit from the recent mass flight cancellations by SpiceJet. It had also gained from falling crude prices, that in turn is likely to improve its profit margins.
The stock hit a day's high of Rs 451.35 and a low of Rs 403 in today's trade.
Meanwhile, shares of rival SpiceJet continue to sink. They have slipped 24% since December 1 when the troubles at the company erupted, even though ace investor Rakesh Jhunjhunwala picked up 75 lakh shares of SpiceJet for more than Rs 13 crore through open market route in November end.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex Ends 251 Points Lower  Energy Stocks DragYou are here: Home Market
Sensex Falls 250 Points as Energy Stocks Sink
NDTV | Updated On: December 12, 2014 14:50 (IST)
Sensex Rises More Than 300 Points; Bank Nifty Hits Record
A sharp fall in energy stocks pressured the benchmark Sensex and Nifty in afternoon trade on Friday. The Sensex slumped over 200 points or 0.8 per cent, while the Nifty traded below the key 8,250 levels.
Shares in state-run Gail (India) declined 6 per cent tracking the continued slide in global Brent crude prices. Fall in crude oil lowers petchem and LPG realizations which in turn impacts Gail India's margins.
Upstream oil producers such as Cairn India and state-run ONGC also fell sharply.
Index heavyweight stocks such as Reliance Industries fell sharply, weighing on sentiments. IT stocks also came under selling pressure after earlier gaining over 1 per cent. TCS fell over 2 per cent ahead of an analyst meet later today.
Selloff in high beta metals and realty stocks also impacted market sentiments, traders added.
Nifty gainers included Ambuja Cements, up 1.8 per cent, and state-run NMDC, Bharti Airtel, Sun Pharma and Maruti Suzuki.
The silver lining for markets was the recovery in the rupee, which pulled back to 62.31 per dollar after earlier falling to 62.51, its worst fall since February.
Story first published on: December 12, 2014 14:47 (IST)

Hold Lanco Industries  may go to Rs 90-92: Manas Jaiswal02:00 pm
Manas Jaiswal of manasjaiswal.com told CNBC-TV18, " Lanco Industries rallied smartly from the level of Rs 20 to Rs 80. Thereafter it witnessed some correction. However, I think it is a temporary phase and the overall trend is quite positive. If one can hold it for say around 8-10 months time I see the target price of around Rs 90-92. One can hold it and keep a stoploss below Rs 60."
At 15:14 hrs Lanco Industries was quoting at Rs 69, up Rs 0.25, or 0.36 percent.
The share touched its 52-week high Rs 82.30 and 52-week low Rs 21.70 on 07 November, 2014 and 16 December, 2013, respectively.
RELATED NEWS

Your Stocks: Top buy/sell ideas by market expertsWatch the interview of Manas Jaiswal, manasjaiswal.com who shared his readings and outlook on specific stocks and sector & Pankaj Mathpal, Optima Money Manager answered few personal finance queries.
Below is the verbatim transcript of Manas Jaiswal’s interview with CNBC-TV18:
JSW Energy
JSW Energy  is still looking very strong on the charts. It is making higher-tops and higher-bottoms, it has some resistance near to Rs 98. However, soon it will break Rs 98 also and it can go up to around Rs 107-110. So, one can hold the stock and keep a stoploss below Rs 88.
City Union Bank  is facing lot of resistances near to Rs 94-96 and it can correct, it can come down to around Rs 84-85 then one can buy that stock because the overall trend is positive. On weekly and monthly chart the stock is making higher-tops and higher-bottoms, so one can buy the stock near to Rs 84-85 with a stoploss of Rs 78.
Fortis Healthcare
On the long-term chart  Fortis Healthcare is not looking strong. It has very strong resistances near to Rs 130-140. It is making lower-tops and lower-bottom from the level of Rs 124. It fell below 400 day moving average few weeks back. The stock can go down to around Rs 80-85. One should exit on any bounce back near to Rs 110-108. Over all trend is negative, so one can exit from the long position on any bounce back.
Lanco Industries
Lanco Industries  rallied smartly from the level of Rs 20 to Rs 80. Thereafter it witnessed some correction. However, I think it is a temporary phase and the overall trend is quite positive. If one can hold it for say around 8-10 months time I see the target price of around Rs 90-92. One can hold it and keep a stoploss below Rs 60.
MOIL
From the level of Rs 325  MOIL is making lower-tops and lower-bottoms. Few days back stock fell below 50 day moving average. I think the short-term trend is bearish, it can go down to around Rs 285. However, the long-term trend is still positive. This correction is a great opportunity to go long in MOIL for a timeframe of around 8-10 months time. I see the price of around Rs 350-360 in next 8-10 months of time.
Gail India
Gail India  has broken its 200 day moving average today and this trend will go down to around Rs 360 to 370. So, if one gets a price of around Rs 430-435 then exit from the long positions."
Reliance Communications
For short-term  Reliance Communications is looking weak. From the level of Rs 115 the stock is making lower-tops and lower-bottom and yesterday it broke the important support of Rs 92, so the stock can go down to around Rs 80. The long-term investors can hold it because the long trend is still positive and one will get the opportunity to exit from the stock near to Rs 120-130 in next six to eight months time.
RELATED NEWS

Expert rajatbose.comExpert
rajatbose.com
Rajat K Bose is a well known technical analyst in Indian equity market. While he is better known for his technical analysis, he also does fundamental analysis and is a keen student of financial and capital market history. He has been studying markets and companies for more than fifteen years. He has appeared on several Indian channels like NDTV-24x7, NDTV Profit, Zee Business, Sahara Samay, CNBC TV18, Bloomberg TV, ET Now and several other regional language TV channels. He has also written for The Economic Times, Kolkata edition and The Statesman, Kolkata. He used to regularly contributes poweryourtrade.com with daily calls and also writes articles on market outlook in www.moneycontrol.com . He has conducted technical workshops at various places including Vinod Gupta School of Management, IIT Kharagpur. He has also taught in the MBA Finance programs in Calcutta University and National Institute of Management Calcutta.
ABOUT Rajat Bose
Rajat K Bose is a well known technical analyst in Indian equity market. While he is better known for his technical analysis, he also does fundamental analysis and is a keen student of financial and capital market history. He has been studying markets and companies for more than fifteen years. He has appeared on several Indian channels like NDTV-24x7, NDTV Profit, Zee Business, Sahara Samay, CNBC TV18, Bloomberg TV, ET Now and several other regional language TV channels. He has also written fo...

Director Altamount Capital ManagementDon't have an account yet? - Register now
Thank you for posting your query
We will send it across to the expert; watch this space for the reply.
Your message will also be posted on our community on messageboard

Derivatives Analyst Anand Rathi Financial ServicesDon't have an account yet? - Register now
Thank you for posting your query
We will send it across to the expert; watch this space for the reply.
Your message will also be posted on our community on messageboard

Rate cut if inflation remains under control  says RBI Deputy GovernorRate cut if inflation remains under control, says RBI Deputy Governor
Our Bureau
PTI Deputy Governor of RBI, SS Mundra in Kolkata on Wednesday
Payment bank licences will be given in March-April, says Deputy Governor
Kolkata, December 10:  
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) might look at a possible rate cut if factors leading to lower inflation continue to persist, its Deputy Governor, SS Mundra, said here on Wednesday.
According to him, the latest monetary policy indicated that deflation at this point will be “quite encouraging” because of global factors such as low oil and commodity prices and softening of food prices.
“So, that is why we indicated that if all of these remain same, then there will be room for softening of policy stance,” he told reporters on the sidelines of a seminar organised by the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII).
The comments come ahead of consumer inflation data (for November) due on Friday (December 12). Inflation based on the consumer price index (CPI) fell to 5.52 per cent in October.
The RBI held interest rates steady earlier this month, but said it could ease monetary policy early next year.
Licences
According to Mundra, the central bank is likely to grant “payments bank” licences to applicants by March or April 2015.
He did not, however, say how many licences the RBI was going to offer.
Payments banks are expected to help expand financial inclusion footprints.
The RBI had detailed the final guidelines for payments bank licences on November 27, and January 16 is the deadline for licence applications.
Mundra said there is no cap on the number of licences that it will offer.
On offering more universal banking licences, Mundra said the regulator was working towards a policy of granting such licences “on-tap” basis.
So far, bank licences have been given during a particular time frame.
Before April 2014, when Bandhan and IDFC were given in-principal approval, , the last banking licences were given to Kotak Mahindra Bank and Yes Bank in 2004.
(This article was published on December 10, 2014)
Related

How Quxsi and other apps are responding to the surge of UberChicago-based Quxsi: an app 'built out of personal frustration' with Uber
If a ride home costs you $200, you’re going to make sure it never happens again. 
A new crop of apps, including one from Chicago, aims to do just that: help users estimate how much they’ll pay when they grab an Uber during so-called surge pricing, and whether they have the option to walk a few blocks to grab a lower fare. Five-year-old rideshare behemoth Uber — which just nabbed a $40 billion valuation — prices rides higher during busy periods as a way to manage supply and demand, according to its website.
Caption Uber's Chicago office
Chris Sweda / Chicago Tribune / July 8, 2014
Detail of a desk of an Uber employee at the company's new space in Chicago.
Detail of a desk of an Uber employee at the company's new space in Chicago. (Chris Sweda / Chicago Tribune / July 8, 2014)
Caption Uber's Chicago office
Chris Sweda / Chicago Tribune / July 8, 2014
Uber employees Elyse Knopf (left) and Birju Kadakia chat at the company's new space at 370 N. Carpenter in Chicago.
Uber employees Elyse Knopf (left) and Birju Kadakia chat at the company's new space at 370 N. Carpenter in Chicago. (Chris Sweda / Chicago Tribune / July 8, 2014)
Caption TechCrunch Disrupt SF 2014
Steve Jennings / Getty Images for TechCrunch / Sept. 8, 2014
Uber CEO Travis Kalanick (L) and TechCrunch Founder Michael Arrington speak onstage at TechCrunch Discrupt at Pier 48 in San Francisco, Calif.
Uber CEO Travis Kalanick (L) and TechCrunch Founder Michael Arrington speak onstage at TechCrunch Discrupt at Pier 48 in San Francisco, Calif. (Steve Jennings / Getty Images for TechCrunch / Sept. 8, 2014)
Caption Uber's Chicago office
Chris Sweda / Chicago Tribune / July 8, 2014
Uber employees relax during an open house at the company's new 16,000 sq. foot space at 370 N. Carpenter in Chicago.
Uber employees relax during an open house at the company's new 16,000 sq. foot space at 370 N. Carpenter in Chicago. (Chris Sweda / Chicago Tribune / July 8, 2014)
Caption Uber's Chicago office
Chris Sweda / Chicago Tribune / July 8, 2014
An Uber employee walks past a chalkboard adorned with a car at the company's new 16,000 sq. foot space at 370 N. Carpenter in Chicago.
An Uber employee walks past a chalkboard adorned with a car at the company's new 16,000 sq. foot space at 370 N. Carpenter in Chicago. (Chris Sweda / Chicago Tribune / July 8, 2014)
See more galleries
Quxsi, a Chicago-based app, calculates whether an Uber with surge pricing is cheaper or more expensive than a cab. Users punch in the route and the surge denominator — the premium that Uber charges during busy periods — and Quxsi employs a custom algorithm to spit out estimated fares, according to co-founders Matt Banach and Adam Janikis. They said their downloads averaged 100 per day last week.
“This was built out of personal frustration,” Janikis said. “I feel like I was standing on the corner and wondering, is it cheaper for me to take UberX at 2.25 [times the normal rate] or a cab?” 
Apps such as Quxsi, SurgeProtector and Farecast provide an example of the way in which one company’s surging popularity can spawn a microeconomy of new companies, said Mohanbir Sawhney, who teaches marketing at Northwestern University’s Kellogg School of Management and serves as director of the Center for Research in Technology & Innovation.
“It’s a healthy development for consumers, because there are unsolved problems that these companies have created,” Sawhney said.
cComments
@DanKorn :Public Chauffeur License issued by the Department of Business Affairs and Consumer Protection, which includes passing a written exam, a physical exam including a drug test and a criminal background check whereby the City of Chicago obtains a complete criminal and motor vehicle driving...
rpierce1

Chief Market Technician cashthechaos.comExpertise : Equity - Technical 
Jai Bala is a Certified Financial Technician (CFTe) and a Member of Society of Technical Analysts (MSTA), UK. He trades for a living in the Indian stock market and US Futures and Commodities markets. He has been providing portfolio advisory services to Indian and NRI retail investors and brokers and sub-brokers in the Indian market for the past 5 years. He also runs a product called "Delivery Delights" through the research house www.wow-india.com that is 5 years old. He shares his technical views occasionally on Bloomberg UK, CNBC TV18 and Zee Business news.
ABOUT Jai Bala
Jai Bala is a Certified Financial Technician (CFTe) and a Member of Society of Technical Analysts (MSTA), UK. He trades for a living in the Indian stock market and US Futures and Commodities markets. He has been providing portfolio advisory services to Indian and NRI retail investors and brokers and sub-brokers in the Indian market for the past 5 years. He also runs a product called "Delivery Delights" through the research house www.wow-india.com that is 5 years old. He shares&nbs...

A brief (and terrifying) glimpse into the machine that manufactures Internet cool(Screenshot via Tumblr)
(Screenshot via Tumblr)
In all fairness, of course, Tumblr is home to a whole panoply of posts and people. (Including the Washington Post ! Oh hey.) But the dual curse and intrigue of the blogging platform has always been its unusual demographics: Almost half of Tumblr’s users are between 16 and 24, and a roughly equal number are men and women. Most other mainstream networks favor one gender or another, and almost all skew considerably older than the late teens/early 20s.
On top of that, Tumblr is both private and community-oriented in a way that Twitter or Instagram aren’t — chalk that up to the intimacy of the image-heavy, reblog-friendly medium, and the fact that, despite the site’s big Yahoo takeover in 2013, it still doesn’t look or feel like a cold, corporate enterprise. The site, once described as an “ $800 million art project ,” didn’t even allow advertising until May 2012; and if you search Google for “Tumblr advertising” today, the profanely titled “ F*** Yeah, Advertising! ” is still among the top results. (On Tumblr, for what it’s worth, there’s a “F*** Yeah” blog for pretty much everything.)
All these factors make Tumblr something of a cultural petri dish for our Internet-enabled youth, the tireless generator of gems from Feminist Ryan Gosling to TL;DR Wikipedia . (An appropriately trippy essay in the German magazine Electronic Beats once described it as a space obsessed with “dissolving, re-ingesting and mutating our pop culture,” filtering life through “the digital corporeal.”)
Now, at last, even the Olds can see the world through that kaleidoscopic lens. It’s a fascinating — if occasionally unsettling! — view.
(Screenshot via Tumblr)
Caitlin Dewey runs The Intersect blog, writing about digital and Internet culture. Before joining the Post, she was an associate online editor at Kiplinger’s Personal Finance.

Early Argentina holdouts deal in doubtEarly resolution for Argentina ‘holdouts’ in doubt
Benedict Mander in Buenos Aires
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ae968f6e-8137-11e4-896c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Companies Law Amendment Bill to be Introduced in Lok Sabha on FridayYou are here: Home Politics
Government to Introduce Companies Law Amendment Bill in Lok Sabha on Friday
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 11, 2014 22:57 (IST)
Modi Government Offers Renewed Sense of Optimism: US Corporate Sector
New Delhi: The government is expected to introduce the bill to make a slew of amendments to the new companies law in the Lok Sabha on Friday.
Most provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, came into effect from April 1 this year and the amendments are mainly aimed at making it easier for corporates to do business.
The amendments to the new companies law were approved by the cabinet earlier this month.
According to the revised list of business for Lok Sabha tomorrow, Corporate Affairs Minister Arun Jaitley is to introduce the Companies (Amendment) Bill, 2014.
The Cabinet had cleared 14 proposed amendments, including provision to ensure that frauds beyond a certain threshold need to be mandatorily reported by the auditors to the government.
Besides, the government is looking to relax a number of norms, including those pertaining to related party transactions, while resolutions passed by the companies' boards would not be subjected to public inspection.
The new law, put in place by the previous government, has replaced a nearly six-decade old Companies Act, 1956, but the new government has been indicating for quite some time that it would bring in necessary changes to address concerns raised by various stakeholders.
Story first published on: December 11, 2014 22:56 (IST)

Farage  road rage and Top Gear politicsNigel Farage, road rage and the ‘Top Gear’ political wing
Robert Shrimsley
The Ukip leader’s outburst shows unholy union of ‘white van man’ and leather driving gloves
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f77c6226-807e-11e4-872b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

GOSF  Day 2: Goods flying off the shelf  but e-tailers want Google to break some sweatRoche loses patent for osteoporosis drug in India
Google’s Great Online Shopping Festival (GOSF 2014) has clocked almost 7 million unique visitors so far this year compared with 2 million last year. With more than 450 partners — most of them small players and offline merchants — Google on Thursday said sales were spread better among merchants this time.
“There are a lot more players this year across all categories. One player could not have reasonably expected to have a big spike in sales. People’s expectations are high and the base keeps on increasing,” Nitin Bawankule, director for e-commerce and online classifieds at Google India, told FE. He added that travel and housing have done good business. Among big players, Amazon, Shopclues and Jabong have registered good sales, he said.
“However, we would have liked Google to promote GOSF more than what it is doing. We had expectations of a 250% increase in traffic this year going by last year’s experience,” Gaurav Singh Kushwaha, CEO of online jewellery store BlueStone, told FE, though he attributed the lower-than-expected growth to high base effect.
According to eTailing India founder Ashish Jhalani,  Google has left much of the non-digital marketing to participating brands. “In India consumers are used to being bombarded with ads on all media platforms. The sales would have been much higher if there was a greater push from Google. There was much bigger buzz last year,” he told FE.
“As a result of frequent online shopping festivals, these festivals are no longer a novelty factor for the consumer. They have higher expectations and expect the best from everyone and are not impressed easily,” said Sameer Parwani, CEO and founder of CouponDunia.in.
Bawankule said that while smaller companies have witnessed 10 times greater traffic this year than last year, bigger firms have seen three times the traffic, off a much bigger base. Real estate player Tata Value Homes has seen more than 10,000 registrations whereas Puravankara has booked over 125 apartments.
Google said that 40-50% of GOSF shoppers are expected to be first-timers, bettering last year’s figure of 30%. This indicates India’s expanding online shopping base. Also, more than 50% of traffic and sales have happened on mobile phones.
“With the Rs 299 offer, we have achieved what we set out to. Due to this scheme, many first-time shoppers got the confidence to shop online as the money involved is not a big risk. The Rs 299 scheme is sold out across categories,” Nitin Bawankule, director for e-commerce and online classifieds at Google India, told FE. He added that the company sold more than 3,000 Chromecasts in the first 15 hours of GOSF.
Companies have been reporting higher conversion rates this year, attributing it to greater familiarity. For instance, Fabfurnish has reported a 150% increase in traffic and a 400% rise in revenue. Online jewellery store BlueStone has seen a 100-150% increase in sales compared to last year, though conversion rate is up 50%.
Post Comments
More from companies

Juliet Eilperin and Katie ZezimaA Louisiana blogger trips up House leadership.
Dec 30, 2014
The congressman’s seat is in Staten Island, where tensions ran high after Garner’s chokehold death.
Dec 30, 2014
A back-bencher could perhaps survive this. But Scalise is in leadership.
Dec 29, 2014
The post-election Obama is a different Obama, for sure.
Dec 20, 2014
It was a notable change of pace for the White House press corps, which is male-dominated.
Dec 19, 2014
Holder says the U.S. has “failed” on race and police.
Dec 17, 2014
The Obamas’ script on race.
Dec 17, 2014
An unhelpful establishment stamp of approval
Dec 16, 2014
Load More
About
Nia-Malika Henderson writes for The Fix covering the intersection of politics with culture, demography and emerging sources of power. Nia joined The Post in 2010 and has written for She The People, covered the 2012 presidential election and hosted Post TV's "On Background" interview show. Before joining The Post, Nia wrote about education, race and the White House for Politico. In 2008, she covered the presidential election and local government on Long Island for Newsday. She also worked at The Baltimore Sun where she covered city government in Annapolis. A regular guest on Fox, MSNBC, and CNN, Nia has an undergraduate degree in cultural anthropology from Duke University, and graduate degrees from Yale University in American studies and Columbia University in journalism.
Most Read

Public sector bankers paid  very poorly   says SBI chiefPublic sector bankers paid 'very poorly': SBI chief
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 12, 2014  | 09:03 IST
SBI chief Arundhati Bhattacharya
Lamenting that bankers are paid very poorly in India, especially at public sector banks, SBI chief Arundhati Bhattacharya on Thursday said there is an urgent need to provide better remuneration to attract good talent.
Bankers are paid poorly in India as compared to their counterparts elsewhere in the world, she said.
"Let me start with income of banking professionals in India. Here, 70 per cent of the banks are in public sector and they are paid very very poorly compared to market," she said at Delhi Economic Conclave in New Delhi.
The SBI chief said there is an urgent need to improve quality of board members by providing them suitable remuneration so that the overall efficiency improves.
"We are very blessed in that. SBI has invariably had very good quality board. But that may not be true across (other banks') board. One of the reasons is very low remuneration that is given to the board directors," she said.
"If you are trying to attract best in the field, they have to be remunerated accordingly. We must insist on people who are coming into the board having sufficient hands on experience in both planning and execution in their respective areas," she said.
So, this is something that government can easily implemented and should be done, she added.
The comments come about a week after PSU bank employee unions went to a four-day relay strike to press for early revision of wages.
Talking about changing regulation in tune with the present system, Bhattacharya said India has over 60 Acts and multiple rules and regulations that govern the financial system at the moment.
"Many of the laws are from 1950s and 1960s. The banking regulations themselves they were established before ATMs, credit cards, internet banking, investment advisory, private banking, mutual funds,... whole lot of other things," she said.
"These acts have been amended from time to time to keep pace with changing reality but the legal foundations have remained more or less static and as the result the framework is very complex and inconsistent," she said.
"Occasionally, it is also open to regulatory arbitrage. So, we need to look at these things also holistically and move the laws to be in tandem with the times," she added.

Now  cops turn to drones to combat Uber cab Delhi rape case type crimesIf Mamata Banerjee arrested, Bengal will be on fire: Trinamool Congress MP Idris Ali
In a first of its kind project in the country, mini drones fitted with night vision cameras will be used to patrol the streets of the national capital by the Delhi Police in order to make the city safer for women.
As the rape of a 27-year-old finance company executive by an Uber cab driver brought the spotlight back on women security in the city, the force has decided to patrol dark stretches and crime prone areas with the help of drones which will be fitted with night vision thermal imaging cameras.
The project will be launched in north district area by next month. Incidentally, the Uber rape case took place in the same area this Friday.
“With this project, North Delhi will become the first district with complete camera surveillance in Delhi. This would be achieved with the combined range of with CCTVs and drones. The only areas which will be kept out of it will be the LG House, Delhi Assembly and Metcalfe House,” said a senior police official.
Every drone will fly at a height of approximately 200 metres and will cover a hexagonal grid area of three to four kilometers. Technologically it will be ensured that the area covered by two drones does not overlap.
“We can further enhance its capabilities by linking each drone to a Quick Response Teams (QRT). The video can be streamed to the QRT vehicle which will monitor it in real time and respond quickly if it sees something wrong,” he said.
The North district has already made the dry runs for the project by using drones to monitor immersions of Durga and Ganesha idols at the Yamuna ghats in the area.
“Its suitability has been checked and we have got the sanction for the project from the police headquarters. We are in the process of procuring the hardware and software component. The drones will have night vision and thermal imaging cameras and its video and images can be used as evidence in case of a crime.
“It will also have anti-shaking software which will cancel any tremble in the video caused by the rotating blades of the flying machine and provide us steady picture. It will be capable to operate under all weather conditions. We will deploy three to four drones in the entire district and each one of them will cost around 10 lakh,” he said.
So far, Delhi Police had used drones after taking it on rent from DRDO at around Rs 50,000 per day. Using drones for patrolling will be of huge help for the police as it will not have to manually patrol the entire district which is hampered due to manpower crunch.
“If we deploy a drone at all the entry routes of the district, we will be able to keep a tab of every vehicle entering the area. Once it’s successful in north Delhi, it can be implemented in other areas as well,” he said.
Post Comments
More from miscellaneous

Only 15 out of 50 Gujarat SEZs operational: CAG reportOnly 15 out of 50 Gujarat SEZs operational: CAG report
Darshan Desai        Last Updated: December 12, 2014  | 11:40 IST
Hard sell is often an attempt to hide the reality. So, when Gujarat pushes hard across the world for its Vibrant Gujarat Summit, 2015, to the extent that the entire Prime Minister's Office (PMO) is to be shifted here during the January event, there are some bitter truths about its acclaimed industrial growth story.
According to the Comptroller and Auditor General of India 's (CAG) latest report, of the 50 special economic zones (SEZs) that were approved for the state, only 15 are operational, six have been denotified and as many as 29 are still to start commercial activities.
The youth were waiting for huge employment opportunities because of the SEZs but a mere sample CAG officials took of a dozen industrial units revealed that out of the projected employment opportunities of 12.47 lakh, only 42,000 offers could be generated. This, according to the CAG, meant a shortfall of nearly 93 per cent.
Significantly, the Adani Group's much-publicised Mundra SEZ in Kutch is among the low-performing SEZs.
The Adani Group, says the CAG, under-utilised as much as 87 per cent (or 5,639 hectares) of the land it bought from the state. In fact, more than 45 per cent of the land allotted to the SEZs remains unused.
The CAG found out that the actual investment proposed by the SEZs was to the tune of Rs 1,18,962 crore, but only around 50 per cent of the amount (Rs 58,861 crore) flowed in. On the positive side, Gujarat's exports from SEZs have been better than several other states but most of it is credited to the Reliance Industries Limited's SEZ since it exports petroleum products.
Official figures indicate that SEZ exports from Gujarat were to the tune of Rs 2.25 lakh crore in FY14. Gujarat's situation is no different from that of the country. As many as 625 SEZs were approved and only 152 of them are operational with a whopping 93 per cent shortfall in employment generation.
For all its claims, Gujarat, along with Andhra Pradesh, Tamil Nadu, Karnataka and Maharashtra, makes up for as much as 57 per cent of the gap in the investment in the SEZs.

Coalgate: Court verdict on Hindalco closure report on Dec 16Coal scam: Court to pass order on CBI's Hindalco closure report on Dec 16
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 12, 2014  | 12:51 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
A Special Court on Friday reserved for December 16 its order on the the Central Bureau of Investigation's (CBI) closure report in the Hindalco coal blocks allocation scam case.
"Certain clarifications sought. Put up for order on December 16," Special CBI judge Bharat Parashar said during the hearing of a case in which an FIR was lodged against industrialist Kumar Mangalam Birla, ex-Coal Secretary P C Parakh and others relating to allocation of Talabira II and III coal blocks in Odisha in 2005 to Hindalco.
During the brief hearing, the court asked the investigation agency about certain documents related to the case that have been mentioned in the closure report.
Responding to this, the CBI investigating officer clarified that all related documents have been filed on court record.

AAP vows to ban RSS  activities  in DelhiIf Mamata Banerjee arrested, Bengal will be on fire: Trinamool Congress MP Idris Ali
The Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) said on Thursday if it came to power, it will not allow any activity in the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) shakhas in Delhi which is anti-national or promotes hatred towards a community.
“As per today, according to the law, the RSS is allowed to hold shakas. But if it conducts any activity which is anti-national in nature, or anything that promotes enmity towards a particular religion, which will lead to instigation of violence… then we will take action,” party’s Delhi convenor Ashutosh told a news conference here.
He was responding to a question on whether the party would take action against RSS shakas in the national capital if it comes to power.
Condemning the statement of BJP MP Sakshi Maharaj for describing Mahatma Gandhi’s assaisn as a “patriot”, he said this reflected the mentality of the BJP and the RSS.
“Their (the BJP and RSS) mentality has killed Gandhiji. Even, Sardar Patel had told the then RSS chief M S Golwalkar that it was their ideology that killed the father of the nation.
“Narendra Modi keeps on talking about Mahatma Gandhi and had launched Swachch Bharat Abhiyaan on October 2. If he respects Gandhiji so much, then stern action should be taken against Sakshi Maharaj,” Ashutosh said.
The party also demanded action against those involved in reconversions in Agra.
Post Comments
More from miscellaneous

Trouble for Ajit Pawar Fadnavis gives nod for open inquiry in irrigation scamTrouble for Ajit Pawar? Devendra Fadnavis gives nod for open inquiry in irrigation scam
PTI Dec 12, 2014, 01.42PM IST
Tags:
Ajit Pawar
(While a targeted inquiry…)
NAGPUR: In trouble for Maharashtra's former Deputy CM Ajit Pawar and top NCP leaders Sunil Tatkare and Chhagan Bhujbal, Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis today gave a go-ahead for probe against them in an alleged corruption case.
The state's Anti-Corruption Bureau has been asked to institute 'open inquiries' against Pawar and state NCP president Sunil Tatkare in connection with alleged corruption and irregularities in execution of various irrigation projects during their tenure as Water Resource Ministers.
The Chief Minister also gave his approval to ACB's proposal to conduct an open inquiry into allegations of corruption and favouritism against former Public Works Department Minister Chhagan Bhujbal in construction of Maharashtra Sadan in New Delhi and two other government buildings in Mumbai built under Private Public Partnership.
The government has also ordered probe against irrigation department officials and contractors responsible for alleged irregularities.
"I have been authorised by Chief Minister of Maharashtra to state that he has cleared open inquiries by ACB against Ajit Pawar, Sunil Tatkare and Chhagan Bhujbal," Advocate General Sunil Manohar told the Nagpur bench of the Bombay High Court.
Manohar said Fadnavis had asked the ACB to go ahead with probe against the three top NCP leaders in the alleged scams in which several thousand crores of rupees were siphoned off with the connivance of greedy contractors and pliant officials.
A division bench of the court comprising Justices Bhushan Gavai and V M Deshpande recorded his statement and disposed of PILs demanding investigation.
"When big-wigs are being probed along with officials and contractors, there is no point in keeping these petitions pending," the court observed while making it clear that petitioners can always approach it again, if they are not satisfied with the inquiry.
The Anti-Corruption Bureau had proposed open inquiries against Pawar and Tatkare in the irrigation scam, and former PWD minister Chhagan Bhujbal in the Maharashtra Sadan scam.
Raj Bhavan sources had told PTI on Monday that the files from ACB, which were received during the President's rule (prior to October elections), had been forwarded to Chief Minister's office.
Media reports had alleged that Pawar, who was Water Resource Minister for a decade between 1999 and 2009, had cleared 38 projects worth Rs 20,000 crore in 2009 without clearance of Governing Council of Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation (VIDC).
According to reports, Pawar and VIDC executive director approved the projects without placing it before the governing council comprising state's Chief Secretary and officials of the finance, planning, agriculture and water resource departments for deliberation and clearance, as mandated under the rules.
It had also been alleged that tenders were approved at inflated rates.
Fadnavis' predecessor Prithviraj Chavan had announced that a white paper will be brought on the status of irrigation projects after state's economic survey revealed that only 0.1 per cent additional area was brought under irrigation in a decade despite a whopping Rs 72,000 crore being spent during the period.
An NGO--Jan Manch-- had filed a PIL before the Nagpur bench in connection with the irrigation scam alleging "fraud on the Constitution" with regard to article 371 (special provision with respect to Maharashtra and Gujarat) as a result of swindling of funds meant for irrigation projects, depriving the backward region of Vidarbha of irrigation facilities.
Under Bhujbal as PWD Minister, the government had entered into an agreement with a contractor for building three structures -- the Maharashtra Sadan (state's official guest house in Delhi Lutyens' zone), another state guest house (High Mount) at Malabar Hill, and a new administrative building and residential quarters for the Regional Transport Office at Andheri -- on a PPP basis.
 
Bhujbal has faced accusations of misusing his official position in awarding the contract for Maharashtra Sadan to an associate not known to be a contractor capable of executing such projects. The cost of the project had also reportedly escalated several times over original estimates.
BJP leader Kirit Somaiya had approached ACB seeking an inquiry against Bhujbal, alleging his friends and family-owned companies were involved in several non-transparent and corrupt transactions, using a web of firms to park the money earned through illegal means.
Reacting to the government's decision, Ajit Pawar said he had no issues over the probe and that "truth will come out".
"It's their (BJP's) government. So they are free to do what they want. We do not have any problem with it. Truth will come out when the enquiry is done," Pawar said.
Tatkare said NCP had been "clean" from day one and that they will extend "complete support" to the investigative agency.

When Pranab got a  dressing down  from IndiraIf Mamata Banerjee arrested, Bengal will be on fire: Trinamool Congress MP Idris Ali
Pranab Mukherjee contested the 1980 Lok Sabha elections much against the wishes of Indira Gandhi who gave him a “vociferous dressing down” for an “interminable span of time” after his defeat but he made a dramatic entry into the Union Cabinet despite the loss.
Such was the faith in him that the late Prime Minister Gandhi also made him the Leader of the House in the Rajya Sabha over the claims of other senior contenders including the late AP Sharma.
Now President, Mukherjee trashes as rumours stemming from “fertile imaginations” that he was included in the Cabinet because Indira Gandhi wanted to have a team of 22, an astrologically auspicious number, after Bhagawat Jha Azad had refused to be sworn in.
Mukherjee recollects all these events of the days when Indira Gandhi returned to power in January, 1980 in his just -released book, “The Dramatic Decade: The Indira Gandhi Years” brought out by Rupa Publications.
“Indira Gandhi headed into the 1980 elections strong and confident as ever. While I was all for choosing core and loyal Congressmen to contest, Indira Gandhi advised me to ‘choose people who could run the government’–so confident was she of her electoral success.
“She had strongly advised me against contesting the Lok Sabha elections in 1980, but gave in at my insistence. I contested the election from Bolpur constituency, and was defeated by a margin of 68,629 votes… The decisive vote demoralised me.”
Mukherjee writes in the book that his wife Geeta had already left for Delhi when the results came out and she called on the same day asking him to come back to Delhi as Gandhi wanted to meet him.
“I returned to Delhi by the evening flight and went straight to Willingdon Crescent to meet Indira Gandhi. It would not be an understatement to say that she was unhappy about my insistence to contest the election.”
He says Sanjay Gandhi told him that she had been upset ever since she had heard of his defeat, and she made her displeasure evident when he met her.
“I was unambiguously chastised. It was about 9 PM and Indira Gandhi was sitting in the dining room at one end of the long dining table. She had a bad cold and was soaking her feet in a tub of warm water.
“Standing at the other end of the dining table, I received a vociferous dressing-down for what seemed to be an interminable span of time. I was rebuked for taking the ill-advised decision of contesting from Bolpur, against her advice, and was told that such imprudent decisions nullified all my other hard work,” he recollects of that evening encounter with Gandhi.
He says he could do nothing but stand there till she calmed down and sent him home with a basket of fruit.
The media was rife with speculation about the proposed Cabinet and no one mentioned Mukherjee’s name because everyone had taken it for granted that his defeat would leave him out of the government.
There were supporters of Barkat Gani Khan Choudhury who seemed to rather enjoy Mukherjee’s predicament while his own supporters were lobbying for him.
Sanjay Gandhi called him and told him that he was sorry to know that Mukherjee was upset about the possibility of his non-inclusion in the government.
“I told him he was incorrectly informed because, frankly, I did not mull over that matter at all after my defeat and that I knew it would be quite embarrassing to approach for my inclusion in the government.
“To this, Sanjay Gandhi told me, ‘it was already decided to include you in the government with the Cabinet rank as Commerce Minister.’ But he had no idea whether I would be among the first lot to be sworn in or the second. He asked me to speak to Indira Gandhi. I told him I didn’t think it appropriate to speak to her on this matter.”
On the morning of January 14, the date fixed for the swearing in ceremony, newspapers were agog with speculation. At about 9.30 AM, Mukherjee received a call from RK Dhawan, Indira Gandhi’s aide requesting him to be at Rashtrapati Bhavan by 11 AM. He was told not to wait for any message or call from the Cabinet Secretariat.
“I drove to Rashtrapati Bhavan. When I reached the Ashoka Hall there was no seat for me in the row of ministers to be sworn in. I looked at Indira Gandhi, who immediately realised that something was amiss.”
He says Dhawan came up to him and asked him to wait. He went to the Cabinet Secretary and then consulted the President’s Secretary only to discover that in the letter recommending the names of ministers to be appointed his name had been handwritten, not typed.
“The President’s Secretariat had inadvertently missed it as a consequence. Naturally, no seat had been earmarked for me. Indira Gandhi immediately wrote another letter by hand and got it delivered to the President’s Secretary.
“I was asked to sit between R Venkataraman and PV Narasimha Rao. The swearing in papers were handed over to me but, not being in possession of the list of ministers, I did not know my portfolio. I asked PV Narasimha Rao and R Venkataraman but they told me they were not privy to any details, except their respective portfolios.”
He recollects that Indira Gandhi was sworn in first followed by Kamalapati Tripathi and the rest were called out alphabetically.
A Chandigarh newspaper speculated that Mukherjee was included in the last minute as rumours had it that Indira Gandhi wanted to have a team of 22, an astrologically auspicious number and since Azad had refused to be sworn in, I was included.
“Rumours stemming from fertile imaginations indeed, since I had already explained the sequence leading to my inclusion,” says Mukherjee.
Post Comments
More from miscellaneous

Bengaluru police start investigating pro-ISIS twitter handleBengaluru police start investigating pro-ISIS Twitter handle
Anita Babu | Bengaluru Dec 12, 2014 02:23 PM IST
Bengaluru police has launched an investigation after a report by channel4.com tracked down a pro-ISIS Twitter handle being operated out of the city, say media reports.
The Twitter handle, @ShamiWitness, had almost 130,000 tweets which were seen more than two million times each month. This, perhaps, is the highest by any pro-ISIS Twitter account. It had around 178,000 followers. However, the handle has been taken down by the account owner following the Channel4 report.
“Two thirds of all foreign fighters on Twitter followed him. When a fighter's Twitter account is suspended, he often promoted the new one and urged people to follow it. He spoke to British jihadis regularly, before they leave to join the Islamic State, after they arrived, and if they died he praised them as martyrs,” says the Channel4.com news report.
Though the news website, run by British-based Channel 4, has refused to reveal the full name of the man, they say he is called Mehdi and is an executive working for an Indian conglomerate in Bengaluru.
According to the Channel4 report, Mehdi said he would have gone to join Islamic State himself had his family not been financially dependent on him: "If I had a chance to leave everything and join them I might have.. my family needs me here."
However, his Facebook accounts are a contrast to his Twitter handle. He regularly shares jokes, funny images and talks about superhero movies, posting pictures of pizza dinners with friends, and Hawaiian parties at work on his Facebook page.
Elsewhere on Facebook there are indications of his Islamist ideology, in conversations about Libya and Egyptian uprisings.

China offer to help Iraq defeat extremistsDecember 12, 2014 7:50 am
China offers to help Iraq defeat Sunni extremists
Najmeh Bozorgmehr in Tehran and Lucy Hornby in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3f4dc794-8141-11e4-b956-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India caps prices of 52 more  essential  drugs: NPPADec 12, 2014, 02.43 PM IST  | Source: Reuters
India caps prices of 52 more 'essential' drugs: NPPA
INDIA-PHARMACEUTICALS-PRICES:India caps prices of 52 more "essential" drugs - NPPA
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
India caps prices of 52 more 'essential' drugs: NPPA
INDIA-PHARMACEUTICALS-PRICES:India caps prices of 52 more "essential" drugs - NPPA
Post your opinion here
 
India has capped the prices of 52 more drugs, including painkillers and antibiotics, the pricing authority said in a notice.
The additional drugs join a list of nearly 400 essential medicines that have so far been placed under price control in India, where a majority of the people live on under USD 2 a day and health insurance is scarce.
The new drugs to come under price control include commonly-used antibiotics and painkillers as well as medicines used for treating cancer and skin disorders, a notice on the National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (NPPA) website said.
Companies including  Lupin ,  Cadila Healthcare and  Merck - the Indian arm of the US firm Merck & Co Inc - are among those selling drugs mentioned in the latest notice, the authority said.
Cadila and Lupin, did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Merck's India unit was not immediately reachable.
Lupin stock price
On January 02, 2015, Lupin closed at Rs 1432.70, up Rs 5.25, or 0.37 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 1500.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 855.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 57.45 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 24.94. The latest book value of the company is Rs 155.37 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 9.22.
RELATED NEWS

Oil sinks below $63 to lowest in more than 5 years on supply glutYou are here: Home > Collections > Opec
Oil sinks below $63 to lowest in more than 5 years on supply glut
Reuters Dec 12, 2014, 03.12PM IST
Tags:
Brent
(Oil prices will likely come…)
LONDON: Brent crude oil slipped on Friday to below $63 a barrel, its lowest since July 2009, on persistent concerns over a global supply glut and a sluggish demand outlook.
Brent is down roughly 9 per cent this week, some 45 per cent below its June peak above $115 per barrel.
Oil prices will likely come under further downward pressure, the International Energy Agency said as it cut its outlook for demand growth in 2015 and predicted that healthy non-OPEC supply gains were poised to aggravate the glut.
The agency, which coordinates the energy policies of industrialised countries, cut its outlook for global oil demand growth for 2015 by 230,000 barrels per day (bpd) to 0.9 million bpd on expectations for lower fuel consumption in Russia and other oil-exporting countries.
"It spells out the main scenarios that are in the market and said that stockpiles will be substantially bigger in the first half of 2015," said Bjarne Schieldrop, chief commodity analyst for SEB in Oslo.
The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC), which accounts for a third of global oil output, cut its 2015 demand forecast this week to the lowest in more than a decade.
"It's following the trend lower. The market has reacted strongly to the OPEC forecast cut, and it is focusing only on the negative," said Hans van Cleef, senior energy economist at ABN Amro in Amsterdam.
He added that there was little technical support until the $50-55 level.
Brent was down 54 cents at $63.14 per barrel by 0957 GMT, having hit an intraday low of $62.75.
US crude was down 74 cents at $59.21 a barrel, after falling to a low of $58.80, also the weakest since July 2009. The contract has lost about 10 per cent this week.
Top energy consumer China released data on Friday showing near-record refinery runs in November, with factory output growth weaker than expected.
High Chinese oil demand, which has remained above 10 million bpd for the past three months, could help provide a floor for prices.
Remarks by Saudi Arabia's oil minister reiterating that the kingdom will not cut output, and a surprise jump in US crude and distillate inventories, have driven down prices this week.
OPEC exporters are battling for market share. Kuwait has set the official selling price for crude sales to Asian buyers for January at $3.95 a barrel below the average of Oman/Dubai quotes, a trader said, its lowest since December 2008.
FEATURED ARTICLES

No proposal to impose restrictions on FDI i...BTIA
(The reply assumes significance…)
NEW DELHI: There is no proposal to impose restrictions on foreign direct investment (FDI) in the retail sector, Parliament was informed today.
"There is no proposal to impose restriction of FDI in retail and agriculture sector in the country," Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman said in a written reply to the Lok Sabha.
The reply assumes significance as the minister had earlier said that the government will not "entertain" foreign direct investment in multi-brand retail trading.
India permits 51 per cent FDI in multi-brand retail and 100 per cent overseas investments in single retail sector.
Replying to a separate question on free trade agreement, she said that India and the European Union are presently negotiating a bilateral Broad based Trade and Investment Agreement ( BTIA ).
"So far 15 rounds of negotiations have been held. The last engagement between both sides was held in May 2013 in New Delhi. Since then, EU had largely disengaged from the negotiation. However, recently a meeting was held between both sides to take stock," she said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Amit Shah links Burdwan blast accused to TrinamoolCongressPrint
"If Mamataji feels it is CBI's mischief, she should say that those arrested are innocent...If CBI is doing a political probe, let Mamataji just say in public that those arrested people are innocent," Shah said speaking at 'Agenda Aaj Tak'. (Source: Express photo)
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 12, 2014 4:04 pm
Unfazed by the controversy over his earlier remarks, BJP President Amit Shah on Friday linked the Burdwan blast accused to Trinamool Congress and challenged the party chief Mamata Banerjee to say they are innocent.
“The accused in the Saradha scam and Burdwan blast are linked to TMC. The owner of the house where Burdwan blast took place is linked to TMC. The Sharada chit fund scam accused are also linked to TMC and many people including MPs have been arrested.”
“If Mamataji feels it is CBI’s mischief, she should say that those arrested are innocent…If CBI is doing a political probe, let Mamataji just say in public that those arrested people are innocent,” Shah said speaking at ‘Agenda Aaj Tak’.
The BJP chief said he is a public leader and has made an allegation against the West Bengal Chief Minister’s party and it was upto her to come out and clarify on them.
“I have made an accusation against Mamata’s party and to come clear on that is Mamata’s work,” he said. He also said BJP would never use CBI as a tool to meet its political ends which the Congress was doing all along, starting from the time of Indira Gandhi upto those of Manmohan Singh and Sonia Gandhi.
While addressing a rally in Kolkata on November 30, Shah had accused Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee of creating hurdles for a proper NIA probe into the Burdwan blast to shield her party leaders allegedly involved in the incident. He also alleged that Saradha chit fund money was used in the October 2 Burdwan blast.
However, Minister of State in PMO Jitendra Singh, had in a written reply in Parliament, said CBI investigations have so far not revealed that Saradha chit fund money was used to finance terror in Bangladesh, contradicting BJP Chief Amit Shah’s allegation of such a connection.

Bangalore police probing on @ShamiWitness  an ISISrecruiterPosted: December 12, 2014 3:56 pm | Updated: December 12, 2014 5:32 pm
 
Crime branch of the Bengaluru police has launched a probe to look into the veracity of a British media report claiming the man behind the most influential pro-Islamic State Twitter account followed by foreign jihadis, is from the IT city, a top police official said.
“We have received the information in the morning on this. We have asked the crime branch to look into the veracity of the report. Whatever action is to be taken, will be taken,” City Police Commissioner M N Reddi told reporters here.
“Just as you have received a report, I have received it. There is a report. I confirm there is a report. We have taken note of this information and our crime branch is on the job to look into the veracity and if so what needs to be done,” he said.
In its report, the British news broadcaster ‘ Channel 4 ‘ said that the man operating the account is an executive in the city working for an Indian conglomerate.
“He has until now been able to remain anonymous, avoiding questions about his motives and his central role in the Islamic State’s propaganda war, but a Channel 4 News investigation can on Friday reveal that the man operating the account is called Mehdi and he is an executive in Bangalore working for an Indian conglomerate,” the report claimed.
“His tweets, written under the name Shami Witness, were seen two million times each month, making him perhaps the most influential Islamic State Twitter account , with over 17,700 followers,” it said.
The twitter account @ShamiWitness now does not exist.
Replying to a question if the city police was in contact with central agencies like NIA and IB on this, Reddi said “We are all in touch.”
Responding to another question, he said, “We often get inputs on the presence of the sleeper cells, some times these reports are true, some times they turnout to be false. But we take all such inputs seriously.”
“We go to the bottom of such inputs to check whether the input is true or false, and we work on the basis of it.”

Jet snaps winning streak; slips 9% | Sun TV sinks over 10% a day after ED questioningJet Airways breaks winning streak; cracks 9%
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 12, 2014, 04.48PM IST
Tags:
BSE
(Jet Airways fell as much…)
NEW DELHI: Jet Airways fell as much as 8.98 per cent in intraday trade on Friday, after flying high on the Dalal Street throughout the week.
Jet shares had soared 80% since November 25, outpacing the BSE 500 index, on hopes the company would benefit from the recent mass flight cancellations by SpiceJet. It had also gained from falling crude prices, that in turn is likely to improve its profit margins.
The stock hit a day's high of Rs 451.35 and a low of Rs 403 in today's trade.
Meanwhile, shares of rival SpiceJet continue to sink. They have slipped 24% since December 1 when the troubles at the company erupted, even though ace investor Rakesh Jhunjhunwala picked up 75 lakh shares of SpiceJet for more than Rs 13 crore through open market route in November end.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Taliban slams Malala over Nobel peace prize  calls her  soldier against IslamTaliban slams Malala over Nobel prize, calls her 'soldier against Islam'
AFP
print
Nobel Peace Prize winners Kailash Satyarthi and Malala Yousafzai watch Malala´s blood stained school uniform at the opening of the Nobel Peace Prize exhibition at the Nobel Peace Center. (AFP Photo)
The Pakistani Taliban hit out at teenage education activist Malala Yousafzai over her Nobel peace prize on Friday, slamming her as a "soldier against Islamic society".
Malala became a global icon after she was shot and nearly killed by the Taliban in October 2012 for insisting that girls had a right to education.
The 17-year-old vowed to continue her struggle for every child's right to go to school when she collected her Nobel at a ceremony in Oslo on Wednesday.
She is the youngest ever Nobel peace laureate, and the first Pakistani to claim the prize, but some in her home country condemn her as a Western agent -- including the militants who shot her.
Muhammad Umar Khorasani, spokesperson for the main faction of the Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan (TTP) headed by Mullah Fazlullah, told AFP that Malala had won the Nobel prize for "promoting Western culture, not education".
Pakistan's patriarchal society often relegates women to subservient domestic roles, but Malala has praised her father Ziauddin, a schoolteacher, for encouraging her to pursue her dreams.
The militant spokesperson singled him out for criticism.
"Malala's father Ziauddin has made an agreement with the Western powers to destroy Pashtun culture and Pakistan," Khorasani said, referring to the dominate ethnic group in the country's northwest, where Malala is from.
"Her father is using Malala as a soldier against Islamic society and teachings of Islam."
After she was shot in the head at point blank range, Malala was taken to Britain for treatment. Her family moved to join her and she now goes to school there, unable to return to Pakistan because of Taliban death threats.
In her Nobel acceptance speech, peppered with self-deprecating humour, Malala called not just for education but also for fairness and peace.
"The so-called world of adults may understand it, but we children don't. Why is it that countries which we call 'strong' are so powerful in creating wars but so weak in bringing peace?" she said.
She also described herself as the "first recipient of the Nobel Peace Prize who still fights with her younger brothers".
Malala will split the eight million Swedish kronor ($1.1 million) prize with her fellow laureate Kailash Satyarthi, the Indian child slavery campaigner.
On Thursday she wept at the sight of the bloodied school uniform she wore on the day she was attacked, on display at an exhibition in the Norwegian capital.

Maharashtra CM orders probe against Ajit Pawar  others in irrigation scamComments
In trouble for Maharashtra's former deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar and top NCP leaders Sunil Tatkare and Chhagan Bhujbal, chief minister Devendra Fadnavis on Friday gave a go-ahead for probe against them in an alleged corruption case.
The state's anti-corruption bureau has been asked to institute 'open inquiries' against Pawar and state NCP president Sunil Tatkare in connection with alleged corruption and irregularities in execution of various irrigation projects during their tenure as water resource ministers.
The CM also gave his approval to ACB's proposal to conduct an open inquiry into allegations of corruption and favouritism against former public works department minister Chhagan Bhujbal in construction of Maharashtra Sadan in New Delhi and two other government buildings in Mumbai built under Private Public Partnership.
The government has also ordered probe against irrigation department officials and contractors responsible for alleged irregularities.
"I have been authorised by chief minister of maharashtra to state that he has cleared open inquiries by ACB against Ajit Pawar, Sunil Tatkare and Chhagan Bhujbal," advocate general Sunil Manohar told the Nagpur bench of the Bombay high court.
Manohar said Fadnavis had asked the ACB to go ahead with probe against the three top NCP leaders in the alleged scams in which several thousand crores of rupees were siphoned off with the connivance of greedy contractors and pliant officials.
A division bench of the court comprising justice Bhushan Gavai and justice VM Deshpande recorded his statement and disposed of PILs demanding investigation.
"When big-wigs are being probed along with officials and contractors, there is no point in keeping these petitions pending," the court observed while making it clear that petitioners can always approach it again, if they are not satisfied with the inquiry.

UP guv calls for building Ram temple  triggers rowComments
Muslim organisations and opposition parties on Friday accused Uttar Pradesh governor Ram Naik of making an unconstitutional statement on a sub judice subject when he called for construction of a Ram temple at the disputed site in Ayodhya.
“People of the nation want Ram Mandir to be made, that wish should be fulfilled as soon as possible,” Naik said at the convocation programme of Awadh University in Faizabad on Thursday, stoking fears that the controversial movement has regained momentum with hawks among Hindu groups getting emboldened by the BJP’s massive election victories this year.
Maulana Syed Nizamuddin, the general secretary of the All India Muslim Personal Law Board (AIMPLB), linked the governor’s statement to the ruling BJP’s promise ahead of the Lok Sabha election but he asserted the Babri Masjid-Ram Janmabhoomi land dispute was pending in the Supreme Court and its verdict has to be accepted by one and all.
“By (making) such statements, Naik has been trying to influence the judiciary and keep the people in good humour,” he said, reprising the fact the subject is sub judice.
Maulana Nizamuddin said Muslims weren’t opposed to a temple at the site, but not exactly where the Babri Masjid once stood.
Naik, a former minister in the Atal Bihari Vajpayee government (1999-2004), made a similar statement in Faizabad on November 11, saying the Narendra Modi administration would find a consensus-based solution.
But Hindu groups have put their weight behind Naik, saying he has underscored people’s feelings. Satyendra Das, the chief priest of the makeshift temple at the disputed site, said both Hindus and Muslims should respect the governor’s statement. “The people want the Ram temple constructed here.”
Ram Janmabhoomi Nyas chief Mahant Janamajai Sharan Maharaj said the shrine should not be built at the cost of peace, though.
Political parties on Friday clubbed Naik’s comments together with BJP member Sakshi Maharaj calling Nathuram Godse a patriot and Union minister Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti’s derogatory remarks at a Delhi poll rally to accuse the ruling party at the Centre of polarising society and spreading communal hatred.
Sharad Pawar’s Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) said the recent remarks of BJP leaders have revealed the “true face” of the saffron party.
In Delhi, BSP chief Mayawati said the government should refrain from making such sub judice statements since he holds a constitutional position and people should wait for the apex court’s judgment.
An undercurrent for an out-of-court settlement surfaced early this month when Hashim Ansari, one of the oldest litigants in the case, threatened to withdraw and adopted a soft stand. “I no longer want to see Ram Lala under a tent,” he said.
The AIMPLB, however, dismissed any suggestions of an out-of-court settlement. It also opposed Babri Masjid Action Committee vice-president Mushtaq Ahmad’s move to offer namaz at the disputed site.
 

Reduce Voltas; target of Rs 225: Dolat CapitalLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Reduce Voltas; target of Rs 225: Dolat Capital
Brokerage house Dolat Capital has recommended a reduce rating on Voltas with a target price of Rs 225 in its November 18, 2014 research report.
Post your opinion here
 
Dolat Capital's research report on Voltas
"Voltas reported in line results, which was a function of better revenue mix with higher contribution from the UCP segment. While revenues were 11% below estimates, better product mix led to EBITDA and profitability in line with our estimates. Revenue for the quarter declined 9% YoY to `9.8 bn led by the EMPS (projects business) and EPS (agency business) segment. Current quarter performance has been in line with previous few quarters wherein the UCP segment has been the contributor of growth and profitability. Order flows during the quarter was also muted at `4 bn leading to an order book of `36.8 bn (-3% QoQ). With delayed improvement in the EMPS segment coupled with expensive valuations (post recent run-up) we downgrade the stock to REDUCE."
Valuation: "UCP segment continues to be growth driver for the company. Current quarter performance has also been driven by the UCP segment, while the EMPS segment continues to be a laggard. Recovery in margins in the EMPS segment (in the wake execution delays faced by the company) remains our key concern. The stock has also run-up recently which caps any meaningful upside over the medium term. The stock trades at P/E multiple of 24.5x based on our FY16 EPS estimate of `11.4 per share. While we maintain our target price of Rs 225 per share, we change our rating to REDUCE from ACCUMULATE earlier", says Dolat Capital research report.
For all recommendations, click here
 
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

MCX Silvermic June contract trades flatDec 12, 2014, 04.04 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
MCX Silvermic June contract trades flat
Silvermic prices on MCX were trading flat on Friday. MCX Silvermic June contract was trading at Rs 40000 up Rs 31, or 0.08 percent.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
MCX Silvermic June contract trades flat
Silvermic prices on MCX were trading flat on Friday. MCX Silvermic June contract was trading at Rs 40000 up Rs 31, or 0.08 percent.
Post your opinion here
 
At 15:50 hrs MCX SILVERMIC February contract was trading at Rs 38800 up Rs 43, or 0.11 percent. The SILVERMIC rate touched an intraday high of Rs 38920 and an intraday low of Rs 38494. So far 23524 contracts have been traded. SILVERMIC prices have moved down Rs 145, or 0.37 percent in the February series so far.
MCX SILVERMIC April contract was trading at Rs 39421 up Rs 35, or 0.09 percent. The SILVERMIC rate touched an intraday high of Rs 39570 and an intraday low of Rs 39133. So far 1010 contracts have been traded. SILVERMIC prices have moved down Rs 878, or 2.18 percent in the April series so far.
MCX SILVERMIC June contract was trading at Rs 40000 up Rs 31, or 0.08 percent. The SILVERMIC rate touched an intraday high of Rs 40100 and an intraday low of Rs 39753. So far 22 contracts have been traded. SILVERMIC prices have moved down Rs 808, or 1.98 percent in the June series so far.
RELATED NEWS

MCX Goldpetal January contract trades lowerDec 12, 2014, 04.03 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
MCX Goldpetal January contract trades lower
Goldpetal prices on MCX were trading lower on Friday. MCX Goldpetal January contract was trading at Rs 2697 down Rs 3, or 0.11 percent.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
MCX Goldpetal January contract trades lower
Goldpetal prices on MCX were trading lower on Friday. MCX Goldpetal January contract was trading at Rs 2697 down Rs 3, or 0.11 percent.
Post your opinion here
 
At 15:48 hrs MCX GOLDPETAL December contract was trading at Rs 2667 down Rs 7, or 0.26 percent. The GOLDPETAL rate touched an intraday high of Rs 2674 and an intraday low of Rs 2657. So far 3127 contracts have been traded. GOLDPETAL prices have moved down Rs 209, or 7.27 percent in the December series so far.
MCX GOLDPETAL January contract was trading at Rs 2697 down Rs 3, or 0.11 percent. The GOLDPETAL rate touched an intraday high of Rs 2701 and an intraday low of Rs 2686. So far 573 contracts have been traded. GOLDPETAL prices have moved down Rs 62, or 2.25 percent in the January series so far.
MCX GOLDPETAL February contract was trading at Rs 2714 down Rs 1, or 0.04 percent. The GOLDPETAL rate touched an intraday high of Rs 2714 and an intraday low of Rs 2703. So far 76 contracts have been traded. GOLDPETAL prices have moved up Rs 34, or 1.27 percent in the February series so far.
RELATED NEWS

Dismal end...Nifty shuts below 8250Dismal end...Nifty shuts below 8250
Even if oil recovers it won t impact Indian growth: UTI MFEven if oil recovers it won t impact Indian growth: UTI MF
Buy SKS Microfinance Ltd with a target of Rs 415: Mitesh ThackerBuy SKS Microfinance Ltd with a target of Rs 415: Mitesh Thacker
Sun TV stock falls on report ED probed Maran brothersSun TV stock falls on report ED probed Maran brothers
Market breadth turns negative from positiveMarket breadth turns negative from positive
We will try to take 10 wickets tomorrow: WarnerWe will try to take 10 wickets tomorrow: Warner
Difficult to predict direct tax revenue before Dec 31: Finance MinisterDifficult to predict direct tax revenue before Dec 31: Finance Minister
Joint ventures  co-production the way forward: RussiaJoint ventures  co-production the way forward: Russia
Bengaluru police probing British media report on ISIS recruiterBengaluru police probing British media report on ISIS recruiter
PTI
The Hindu Police Commissioner M N Reddi
Bengaluru, Dec 12:  
Crime branch of the city police has launched a probe to look into the veracity of a British media report claiming the man behind the most influential pro-Islamic State Twitter account followed by foreign jihadis, is from the IT city, a top police official said.
“We have received the information in the morning on this. We have asked the crime branch to look into the veracity of the report. Whatever action is to be taken, will be taken,” City Police Commissioner M N Reddi told reporters here.
“Just as you have received a report, I have received it. There is a report. I confirm there is a report. We have taken note of this information and our crime branch is on the job to look into the veracity and if so what needs to be done,” he said.
In its report, the British news broadcaster ‘Channel 4’ said that the man operating the account is an executive in the city working for an Indian conglomerate.
“He has until now been able to remain anonymous, avoiding questions about his motives and his central role in the Islamic State’s propaganda war, but a Channel 4 News investigation can today reveal that the man operating the account is called Mehdi and he is an executive in Bangalore working for an Indian conglomerate,” the report claimed.
“His tweets, written under the name Shami Witness, were seen two million times each month, making him perhaps the most influential Islamic State Twitter account, with over 17,700 followers,” it said.
The twitter account @ShamiWitness now does not exist.
Replying to a question if the city police was in contact with central agencies like NIA and IB on this, Reddi said “We are all in touch.”
Responding to another question, he said, “We often get inputs on the presence of the sleeper cells, some times these reports are true, some times they turnout to be false. But we take all such inputs seriously.”
“We go to the bottom of such inputs to check whether the input is true or false, and we work on the basis of it.”
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

Indian Nuclear Societys annual meet in Hyd on Dec 15-17Indian Nuclear Society’s annual meet in Hyd on Dec 15-17
Our Bureau
Hyderabad, Dec 12:  
The Indian Nuclear Society will be organising its 25th annual conference here during December 15-17, 2014.
The theme of the conference is "Technological advances in exploration, Mining and Manufacturing of nuclear materials".
The meet, to be held at Hotel Marigold here, is being organised in association with Atomic Minerals Directorate for Exploration and Research (AMD), Nuclear Fuel Complex (NFC) and Electronic Corporation of India Ltd (ECIL).
It aims to bring together all stakeholders including scientists, geologists, engineers, regulators and fuel cycle specialists to discuss current research, among others and would have technical presentations and invited talks by many experts, according to a release.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

ADB team visits Vizag for study on industrial corridor to ChennaiADB team visits Vizag for study on industrial corridor to Chennai
Our Bureau
Tweet
Visakhapatnam, Dec 12:  
An eight-member team of the Asian Development Bank (ADB) visited Visakhapatnam district on Thursday and Friday to conduct a feasibility study on the proposed Visakhapatnam-Chennai industrial corridor. It was headed by director Sekhar Bonu.
The team visited Gangavaram port, Visakhapatnam port, the multimodal logistics park near the airport, Hetero Drugs, and other industrial units in the Nakkapalli industrial cluster, and also IT units at Madhurawada.
The District Collector, officials of the AP Industrial Infrastructure Corporation (APIIC), and port officials held discussions with the team members and apprised them of the advantages of the region.
It is learnt that the team responded positively.
Visakhapatnam and Krishnapatnam are the two major industrial clusters in Andhra Pradesh in the proposed Vizag-Chennai corridor. The Centre has announced plans to develop both Visakhapatnam and Krishnapatnam as smart cities.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

New GM for State Bank of HyderabadNew GM for State Bank of Hyderabad
G Naga Sridhar
Hyderabad, Dec 12:  
Anil Malhotra has assumed charge as General Manager (Personal Banking) at State Bank of Hyderabad.
Malhotra joined State Bank of Patiala (SBP) in 1978 and shouldered responsibilities in various offices of the bank. He served in various capacities, including regional manager and deputy general manager.
Prior to joining SBH, he was with State Bank of Bikaner and Jaipur (SBBJ) as Deputy General Manager (Personal Banking), according to a release.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

Govt to ban import of over 5-year-old machineryGovt to ban import of over 5-year-old machinery
PTI
Nirmala Sitharaman, Minister of State for Commerce and Industry
New Delhi, Dec 12:  
Government has decided to ban imports of machinery that is more than five years old, a move which would help in increasing competitiveness of domestic manufacturers.
“Government has decided not to allow import of machinery more than five years old unless a different maximum age is specified by the Department of Commerce in consultation with concerned ministry/department and National Manufacturing Competitive Council (NMCC),” Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman said in a written reply to the Lok Sabha.
She said a meeting of the Committee of Secretaries (CoS) under the chairmanship of Cabinet Secretary was held regarding promotion of domestic capital goods industry. It also reviewed the import policy of used/second hand capital goods and machineries and their impact on the domestic capital goods industry.
Anti-dumping cases
Replying to a separate question on anti-dumping cases, Sitharaman said government has initiated anti-dumping probe into 309 cases between 1992 and November this year.
The major product categories on which the duty has been levied are chemicals, petrochemicals, pharmaceuticals, fibres/yarns, steel and consumer goods.
“The government has initiated anti-dumping investigations into 309 cases during 1992 till 30 November 2014,” she said.
Dumping of goods is an unfair trade practice. The anti-dumping duty is a trade remedial measure permitted under WTO norms. Its objective of imposition is to create a level playing field for the domestic industry.
Replying to a question on dumping of electronic items, she said that the Directorate General of Anti-Dumping and Allied Duties has initiated 309 investigations against 46 countries.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.
Union Budget 2014-15 Highlights
Following are the highlights of the Union Budget 2014-15 presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament on July 10, 2014
Income-tax exemption limit raised by Rs 50,000 to Rs 2.5 lakh and for senior citizens to Rs 3 lakh
Exemption limit for investment in financial instruments under 80C raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh.
Investment limit in PPF raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh
Deduction limit on interest on loan for self-occupied house raised to Rs 2 lakh from Rs 1.5 lakh.
Committee to look into all fresh tax demands for indirect transfer of assets in wake of retrospective tax amendments of 2012
Fiscal deficit target retained at 4.1% of GDP for current fiscal and 3.6% in FY 16
Rs 150 crore allocated for increasing safety of women in large cities
LCD, LED TV become cheaper
Cigarettes, pan masala, tobacco, aerated drinks become costlier
5 IIMs to be opened in HP, Punjab, Bihar, Odisha and Rajasthan
5 more IITs in Jammu, Chhattisgarh, Goa, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala.
4 more AIIMS like institutions to come up in AP, West Bengal, Vidarbha in Maharashtra and Poorvanchal in UP
Govt proposes to launch Digital India’ programme to ensure broad band connectivity at village level
National Rural Internet and Technology Mission for services in villages and schools, training in IT skills proposed
Rs 100 cr scheme to support about 600 new and existing Community Radio Stations
Rs 100 cr for metro projects in Lucknow and Ahmedabad
Govt expects Rs 9.77 lakh crore revenue crore from taxes
Govt’s plan expenditure pegged at Rs 5.75 lakh crore and non-Plan at Rs 12.19 lakh crore.
Rs 2,037 crore set aside for Integrated Ganga Conservation Mission called ‘Namami Gange’
Kisan Vikas Patra to be reintroduced, National Savings Certificate with insurance cover to be launched
FDI limit to be hiked to 49% pc in defence, insurance
Disinvestment target fixed at Rs 58,425 crore
Gross borrowings pegged at Rs 6 lakh crore
Contours of GST to be finalised this fiscal; Govt to look into DTC proposal.
‘Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya New Teachers Training Programme’ launched with initial sum of Rs 500 crore
Govt provides Rs 500 crore for rehabilitation of displaced Kashmiri migrants
Set aside Rs 11,200 crore for PSU banks capitalisation
Govt in favour of consolidation of PSU banks
Govt considering giving greater autonomy to PSU banks while making them accountable
Rs 7,060 crore for setting up 100 Smart Cities
A project on the river Ganga called ‘Jal Marg Vikas’ for inland waterways between Allahabad and Haldia; Rs 4,200 crore set aside for the purpose.
Govt proposes Ultra Modern Super Critical Coal Based Thermal Power Technology
Expenditure management commission to be setup; will look into food and fertilizer subsides
Impasse in coal sector will be resolved; coal will be provided to power plants already commissioned or to be commissioned by March 2015
Long term capial gains tax for mutual funds doubled to 20%; lock-in period increased to 3 years
Rs 4,000 cr set aside to increase flow of cheaper credit for affordable housing to the urban poor/EWS/LIG segment.
EPFO to launch the ‘Uniform Account Number’ service to facilitate portability of Provident Fund accounts
Mandatory wage ceiling of subscription to EPS (Employee Pension Scheme) raised from Rs 6,500 to Rs 15,000
Minimum pension increased to Rs 1,000 per month

Video: Current account deficit comfortable despite widening: Raghuram RajanYou can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.

Asus ZenWatch: The classy smartwatchThe ZenWatch has features such as 512MB RAM, a storage capacity of 4GB, a 1.63 inch display, as well as a Qualcomm Snapdragon 1.2GHz processor.
PHOTO: www.asus.com/Phones/ASUS_ZenWatch_WI500Q/gallery/

Which cloud is best for your businesswhich cloud is best for your business
Confronting the right wingUpdated: December 11, 2014 01:25 IST
Confronting the right wing
political systems
The rise of the Modi regime has led to a decline of the political, the lack of debate, a blunting of civil society and where the media is tom-tomming establishment approval. The way out is for civil society, social movements and human rights activists to challenge the right wing to an open debate
Every social scientist is doubly a witness, first as a citizen and second as a scholar. As an academic who watches politics, I begin my observations often as a lament, as a bit of nostalgia and then add to them a touch of despair. Hope takes a bit of time to ignite but more because I do not want it to be a window dressing. I see politics as a life-giving activity, and I enjoy and celebrate the cultural life of political debate and difference.
As a witness, I now sense that the grand celebration we call the rise of the Modi era, has led to a decline of the political. There is a decline of the political at the level of information. There is a real scarcity of gossip, which also helps set thought experiments in politics off. Beyond the absence of news, there is an absence of debate. This sense of absence takes two different forms. There is first a lack of opposition. The Left, as a social force, has failed to mount a systematic critique of the Modi regime. This is compounded by attempts by the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) to domesticate and banalise Gandhi’s teaching. When the RSS talks of Gandhi, it has the historical memory that Gandhi, like Tagore, was critical of nationalism and the nation state. For the RSS, for its Shakha, the nation state is both god and the ultimate good. Its sanitisation of Gandhi has to be seen as an attempt to banalise Gandhi so that he is no longer a subversive challenge to them. The regime has also blunted civil society, equating its dissent on development to sedition.
The rise of the RSS
At this stage, where the political is literally somnolent, where the media is tom-tomming establishment approval, what can a Left or liberal academic, with a faith in the creativity of civil society do? In a strategic and tactical sense, he has to challenge the RSS to open debate. If politics is the art of difference, and if politics is in Carl Schmitt’s classic sense the domain — where struggle moves from enmity to rivalry — civil society, social movements and human rights activists have to challenge the RSS to an open debate.
There is another reason why the RSS has to be challenged. At this time, the government is attempting to differentiate between politics as struggle and governance as policy planning and emphasising the latter. Political and cultural activity is now more of an RSS prerogative. The RSS is no longer a backstage structure conveying a shadowy coterie of grey eminences playing Old Testament sages from the confines of Nagpur. It is out in the open, mentoring elections, organising struggles, emphasising its catalytic power and media prominence. It is clear it wants to help retain power for at least a decade. The battle now is clear. It centres around the emerging dominance of the RSS. It provides both the current frames and the future directions of the regime.
My move is inspired more by a faith in democracy’s ability to create stability and sanity. I believe, while being critical of the RSS, that we should now be open to a long-term debate. I am suggesting that the Left should be less paranoid about the RSS, and hope it has gone a bit beyond the Golwarkar era. But I see this is more than a ritual for democracy. I believe the future directions of India democracy, its vision of ideas, its sense of culture and ethics will be marked by such a debate.
Issues for debate
I want to begin by thinking of a critical, self-reflective, non-party Left in conversation with marginal groups and movements. Let us admit that we have left behind the obsessive Stalinists as they progress from the 20th century to the inquisitional twelfth. What immediate issues do we debate?
Two issues became crucial and critical to the tenor of the debate.
First, we have to open the question of nation, nationalism and nation state. Given both the debates during the national movement, the various critiques of Tagore, Gandhi, one has to ask whether the idea of the nation state as articulated by the RSS is still valid. One major critique which has already emerged in Kannada is U.R. Ananthamurthy’s last essay, “Hindutva Athava Hind Swaraj?” where he describes the current nation state as a brutalisation of India. Mr. Modi, he explains, is an inflated Savarkar. We have to ask, can a religion called nationalism play a creative role or is it only a form of witch-hunting, a way of labelling as seditious whatever the majority community finds threatening?
Almost as critical is the role of religion as an imagination, as a way of life. The empty opposition between secularism and communalism is futile. We need to engage with believers in critical introspection. One interesting example of such an experiment is Ziauddin Sardar’s journal, Critical Muslim, where he invents his way beyond fundamentalism. Sardar, as a physicist, an expert on culture, as a practising Muslim, can relate to Islam in a credible way. The question is can we, in a parallel way, look the critical Hindu, create a space where Hinduism and Hindutva are separated? To do so, one needs to look at religion more playfully and desist from reducing religion to con-man cults, to communalism, to a snobbery which believes that the elite can survive on a diet of secularism but the poor need the fodder of religion. One has to realise that India is a civilisation base for Islam, Hinduism, Buddhism, Jainism, Sikhism and a host of tribal gods. One has to explore new forms of syncretism, new notions of economics and science emerging out of religion.
Third, one has to challenge the RSS into extending the debate on democracy beyond electoralism and majoritarianism. We have to challenge the RSS and ourselves to creating new relations between knowledge and democracy, new ideas of citizenship which redeem the informal economy. We have to show that while the RSS has much to say on Swadeshi, it has little to say on Swaraj, or the idea of Satyagraha. The question is this: how much of the native genius and its inventiveness actually resides in the RSS and its ideas?
Notion of history
At one level, the RSS claims the indigenous, yet an examination shows that it is a semiticising force, an imitation, a copy of western missionary aggression. Its idea of history needs examination and one has to look critically at the way its notion of history scienticises folklore and myth. This in fact creates the trauma of Babri, the idiocy that plastic surgery was invented in India, with Ganesh as the evidence. We have to avoid both positivist history and even the ersatz history of Hindutva. All this demands a new hermeneutics of history, a more plural idea of science, a playful sense of ideology. One has to avoid attempts to redeem history as a salvationist force. I still remember a middle class engineering student celebrating the Gujarat riots by announcing, “Now we have answered centuries of Mughal misrule.”
The problem becomes acute when ideas then enter education, when the Dinanath Batra runs amuck, tending to rectify history. Let us be clear that the RSS has a right to its view of education, of indigenising it. Let us be equally clear that in terms of pedagogy and pluralism, the RSS view of education is flawed. Majoritarianism cannot provide the basis of the rule of law or the rule of reason. Nitpicking on petty issues is inadequate. We have to challenge the RSS frame and open it up to the public mind. More constructively, civil society and members of the academe in particular have to provide the basis of the new education report criticising the regime’s idea of culture, pedagogy and knowledge, realising that Mr. Modi’s idea of digitality and skilling is sheer tokenism.
In challenging the RSS-Modi idea of culture, we have to challenge its idea of environment, of nature as sacred, and the hybridity of technocratic fundamentalism. The regime has interesting ideas about the Himalayas but it has emasculated environmental dissent. One lethal move was the way in which it dumped the Gadgil report on the Western Ghats.
The RSS efforts to look at tribal life and livelihood, its attitude to orality has to be critically examined. In looking at environmentalism, we have to challenge Mr. Modi’s notion of smart and global cities. Deep in the regime’s unconscious is a myth of Singapore as the ideal city, the ideal model of development and the ideal mode of governance. The authoritarian shades are seductive, and civil society, especially in the name of the informal economy, has to challenge the future Shangai-isation of India. At the global level, the RSS and Mr. Modi can be quite thoughtless and even more dangerous.
All this will take patience, a sense of humour, playfulness, courage and a sense of survival. The RSS has waited long for power and the time has come to confront it about the power of truth. The Satyagrahi and the Dissenter has to return to confront an imagination which has little place for difference. In this ritual confrontation lies the key to the future of democracy and governance.
(Shiv Visvanathan is a professor at Jindal School of Government and Public Policy.)

Podcast: Indiabulls Real Estate (English) by Divya PushkarnaYou can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.

Podcast: Indiabulls RE (Tam) by Srirengarajan AyyasamyYou can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.

Congress accuses Modi govt of being  selfish   not passing benefit of petrol prices to usersIndia manufacturing activity expands to 2-year high as orders surge; PMI at 54.5 in Dec
Congress today accused the Narendra Modi government of having a “selfish” and “short-sighted” approach on petroleum prices and not passing on the benefits of the slump in international crude oil prices to the consumers.
Reeling out figures, party spokesperson Rajeev Gowda said when the price of crude oil was USD 147 in December 2008 and the value of rupee was 42 against one US dollar, the price of petrol was Rs 64 per litre.
“Now as on December 11, the international crude oil price is USD 70 and the cost of petrol should have come down to around Rs 31 per litre but there is a huge difference in the price of petrol that should have been and what is there.
“Government preferred to pocket the benefit rather than passing it on to the consumers. Clearly, this government has no concern for the common man,” Gowda said.
Accusing the government of having a “short sighted” and “selfish” approach, the Congress spokesperson said the NDA dispensation was “unable to manage its finance” and concerned with short-term gains.”
Gowda also attacked the government saying that taking “U-turns” and “going back on promises” were its Standard Operating Procedures (SOP).
“They took U-turns on the promises on the basis of which they formed a government. Their agenda is anti-people. Their divisive agenda is part of the Standard Operating Procedure,” he said.
Replying to questions about the controversy surrounding the issue of conversion and reconversion in certain parts of the country, Gowda said the BJP-led government will keep engaging in “such diversionary tactics to divert the attention of the people from the failure of the government in fulfilling its promises and the tough challenges ahead.”
Listing the challenges of generating employment, kicking up growth and education, he said “you will get none of them but only the diversionary drama… the standards RSS divisive agenda”.
Post Comments
More from economy

Railway stations may soon get CCD  Pizza Hut outletsCafe Coffee Day, Pizza Hut outlets likely on railway stations in India
BT Online Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 12, 2014  | 12:40 IST
(Photo: Associated Press)
In an attempt to offer better food at railway stations, the Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC) is in talks with a number of chains, including Cafe Coffee Day and Pizza Hut, to open eateries at railway stations.
Others on IRCTC's list include Barista Coffee, Subway and Jumboking Vadapav.
According to a report by The Economic Times , IRCTC will soon finalise 50 food plazas in tier-II cities like Dehradun, Tambaram and Haridwar.
"...There are 106 other food plazas and fast food units that are at various stages of commissioning at places like Bhavnagar, Delhi Cantonment, Kanpur Central and others. We would also add another 56 food kiosks at Delhi Metro stations across New Delhi," RN Kalita, director of catering services at IRCTC, was quoted as saying in the report.
The catering company is trying to take its annual earnings to Rs 50 crore from the current Rs 30 crore in the process.
According to the report, Mumbai-based F&B operator Travel Food Services, which runs restaurants, cafes, food courts and manages lounges across major airports in the country, will also launch similar executive lounges across railway stations like Vijayawada, Howrah and Jaipur by next April.
TFS has franchisee arrangement with brands like KFC, Domino's Pizza, Cafeccino, Haagen-Dazs, The Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf and is also bidding to operate in the food courts and food plazas at various stations.

Madhu Koda chargesheeted as accused in coal scam caseDec 12, 2014 at  02:23pm IST
Madhu Koda chargesheeted as accused in coal scam case
13
0
New Delhi: Former Jharkhand chief minister Madhu Koda was on Friday charge sheeted by CBI in a coal blocks allocation scam case. He has been charge sheeted for offences of criminal conspiracy and cheating.
The charge sheet was filed before Special CBI Judge Bharat Parashar, who fixed it for consideration on December 22 after the investigating officer said that he will file the necessary documents in the case within a couple of days.
Besides Koda and Basu, former coal secretary H C Gupta and two public servants Basant Kumar Bhatacharya and Bipin Bihari Singh have also been charge sheeted as accused.
#madhu koda #coal scam #jharkhand #bjp
Director of accused firm Vini Iron and Steel Udyog Ltd. Vaibhav Tulsyan and a private person Vijay Joshi have also been named as accused in the CBI's final report in which all the accused have been charge sheeted for the offences under
section 120-B (criminal conspiracy), 420 (cheating) of the IPC and under the provisions of the Prevention of Corruption Act.
Senior Public Prosecutor V K Sharma told the court that out of the eight accused charge sheeted by the agency two accused, Singh and Bhatacharya are still in government service, so necessary sanction for their prosecution has been obtained from the competent authority.
"In the facts and circumstances of the case, it is directed that IO shall prepare a compilation of the relevant sets of documents initially for consideration of the present final report by the court," the judge said, adding, "Put up
the matter for consideration on December 22".
The CBI's move to charge sheet Koda and others in the case came after the court on September 5 had "returned" its charge sheet filed earlier, saying the agency has failed to give any plausible explanation on its queries.
The case pertains to allocation of coal blocks to Vini Iron and Steel Udyog Ltd. in Jharkhand's Rajhara town in which its directors and unknown public servants of the Ministry of Coal, Government of Jharkhand and others were made accused in the FIR lodged by the CBI in September 2012.
(With inputs from PTI)

Saradha scam: West Bengal Minister Madan Mitra appears before CBI4
1
Kolkata: West Bengal Transport Minister and Trinamool Congress leader Madan Mitra will be questioned by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) sleuths on Friday.
Mitra reached the Kolkata office of CBI at around 11 am. A close aide of Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee, Mitra will be interrogated on the position he held in Saradha Group and his relationship with the prime accused Sudipto Sen.
Mitra, along with another TMC leader Shyama Prasad Mukherjee was summoned by the CBI in November. But, Mitra checked into a government hospital barely hours before his scheduled appearance before the investigating agency, presumably to evade the grilling session.
A close aide of Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee, Mitra will be interrogated on the position he held in Saradha Group and his relationship with the prime accused Sudipto Sen.
Meanwhile, suspended Trinamool MP Kunal Ghosh's judicial custody ends on Friday. He is lodged in Kolkata's Presidency Jail and had attempted to commit suicide in the prison.
3

Canvas Tab P666: Micromax s iron fistTata Motors sales up 10 pct in December
Micromax’s new Canvas Tab could be the white knight for the company at least when it comes to their tablet business. And the knight is packing an iron fist this time in the form of an Intel 1.2 GHz dual-core Intel Atom Processor Z2520 (4 threads, 1 MB Cache) coupled with 1 GB of RAM.
The P666 is the first tablet from Micromax to have an Intel processor and here is what the tablet has to offer to the consumers.
Design and colour: The P666 is simple yet elegant when it comes to the looks. The sides of the tablet have a metal body while the rest is modified plastic. There is a Micromax logo at the back of the phone along with the camera. On the front there are sensors and a front camera along with the voice in speaker module at the top. Without breaking any norm for most tablets, the volume control panel and the power button is present at the tab’s left side along with the microSD and the micro-SIM slot. Also, there is a 3.5 mm jack for sound output at the top. The tab comes with a back sticker which explains to the user how to insert the new SIM or memory card. The tab, which weighs 310 grams and is 7.5 mm thin, is available only in two colours —white and black.
Display, sound and camera: The P666 sports an 8-inch IPS display with a WXGA (1200 x 800 pixels) resolution supported by 16 million colours. The screen also supports optimum brightness for videos. When it comes to sound, the P666 has better sound than any other tablet from its family. It is loud and when used with good-quality sound devices, the output quality is good. As in any tablet, the camera is not the P666’s strong suite. It sports a 5-megapixel back camera with no flash. The back camera can take good pictures in good light conditions. The front camera is a modest 2-megapixel which is not perfect for selfies or groupies but works well for all video chats.
Hardware and performance: This is definitely the P666’s strong suite. The tab as mentioned earlier sports a 1.2 GHz dual-core Intel Atom Z2520 processor which doles out a speedy performance coupled with 1 GB of RAM. No lags were noticed when the tab was running many applications at the same time but sometimes when heavy apps are run together, the tab takes time to respond. The tablet also gave a good gaming experience. The P666 comes with an internal storage of 8 GB with the Android 4.4.2 out-of-the-box installed. It is also backed by a 4400mAh battery that is rated to deliver up to 325 hours of standby time.
Operating system, apps and connectivity: The P666 comes with Android 4.4.2 pre-installed and also with a flurry of pre-installed apps like TrueCaller, Dr Safety, Cleanmate, SwiftKey, BookmyShow and hike. There is Java support for the phone and flash content is also supported by the browser. It also comes with Micromax’s home apps like MSecurity, MInsurance and MPick. The P666 also includes a lot of small casual games in the pre-installed bundle. When it comes to connectivity, the tablet supports 3G along with Wi-Fi.
Verdict: Micromax has been dominating the domestic market when it comes to Indian smartphone/tablet makers and the P666 is the perfect
device that can take up the firm’s fame to a new level but it faces severe competition from other manufactures. It is simple, elegant, easy to use, competitive but its price seems a tad heavy than expected.
* Estimated street price: Rs 10,999
Post Comments
More from industry

Tech biggest wealth creator for equity investors in last five years  says Motilal Oswal studyTech biggest wealth creator for equity investors in last five years, says Motilal Oswal study
Sachin P Mampatta | Mumbai Dec 12, 2014 01:01 PM IST
The technology sector which  faced severe distress at the time of the 2008 financial crisis has emerged as the biggest wealth creator from 2009 onward, according to the 19th Annual Wealth Creation Study by Motilal Oswal Securities. The best sector for wealth creation over the 2009-14 period has been the technology sector as it has created Rs.7.1 lakh crore in investor wealth.
The next biggest sector to create wealth has been auto sector, which grew at a compounded annual growth rate of 41%, with profits after tax growing at 60%. The profits were led by a "major profit turnaround in Tata Motors' overseas subsidiary JLR", according to the study.
The study says that the the overall outlook for the market remains robust and there is significant room for upside. "Subject to global factors, market cap/GDP of 77% leaves room for about 50% upside over the next 2 years as market cap heads towards parity with GDP."
The study is led by value investor and the joint MD and promoter of Motilal Oswal – Mr Raamdeo Agrawal. An equity research stalwart, Mr. Agrawal analyses the most consistent, the fastest and the biggest value creators in the Indian equity universe every year. Though the study is done every year, the report is a reference point of sorts. 

2015 to see turnaround in salary; 10.5% hike for Indians: Report2015 to see turnaround in salary; 10.5% hike for Indians: Report
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 12, 2014 12:50 PM IST
A turnaround is expected globally during 2015 in terms of salary, with companies in India likely to dole out an average pay hike of 10.5%, says a report.
According to HayGroup's 2015 salary forecast, salaries across the globe are set to rise by an average 5.4% in 2015 as compared with 5.2% last year.
"This year we are seeing a big turnaround when salary rises are compared with predicted inflation rates," a Haygroup report said, adding that "in some emerging markets -- the boom area of the last ten years -- real wages are falling".
Among Asian economies, India is expected to see a salary rise of 10.5%, followed by Indonesia at 10%, China (8%), Philippines (7.5%), Malaysia (6.4%), Thailand (6%), Korea (5%), Singapore (4.4%) and Hong Kong (4%).
According to the report, real pay (after taking inflation into account) is now rising in many European markets with previously struggling economies such as Greece and Ireland showing signs of recovery with small real rises.
The slowdown in Russia, Brazil and Ukraine was mirrored with real wage cuts, while high inflation erodes salaries in Latin American countries such as Venezuela and Argentina.
While the Latin America regional average stood at 9.7%, Africa regional average at 6.9%, Asia regional average was 6.8%, middle east (5.6%), Europe (3.1%) and North America (2.8%).
Haygroup further noted that salaries are still rising in some Asian markets as the war for talent continues and globally Asia is likely to see the highest growth in real salaries in 2015.
The pay database was drawn from 16 million people in 24,000 organisations to show predicted salary increases forecast for 2015. We have compared them to inflation forecast data from Economist, October 2014.

Corporate news that made buzz in 2014E-mail
Corporate buzz 2014
The corporate world witnessed a lot of activity in 2014. Scams, major appointments, mergers and acquisitions dominated the corporate space. We take a look at the year that was and major talking points in the business world that you must know about.
PHOTO: Photo: Reuters; Editing: BT Photo
ADVERTISEMENT

Should I allot five minutes for apology every day in Lok Sabha  asks Speaker Sumitra Mahajane lounge Rewind: Bollywood stories of 2014
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Is $26bn banks stake sale enough to meet Basel III normsDec 12, 2014, 02.28 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Is $26bn banks stake sale enough to meet Basel III norms?
Will raising Rs 1.6 lakh crore through selling stake in nationalized banks be enough to meet their capital requirements? And more importantly, can the government even sell that much?
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Is $26bn banks stake sale enough to meet Basel III norms?
Will raising Rs 1.6 lakh crore through selling stake in nationalized banks be enough to meet their capital requirements? And more importantly, can the government even sell that much?
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
The Narendra Modi government pushed through the first big step towards recapitalizing cash-strapped state-run banks when yesterday it allowed them to pare the government’s stake in each to 52 percent.
At current market prices, stake sales in each of the listed 27 banks, in which the government currently holds between 56 to 84 percent, could fetch them about Rs 1.6 lakh crore, or USD 26 billion.
The stake sales are supposed to take place gradually over the next two years. The move achieves two targets.
One, it paves the way for banks to shore up their capital to prepare for the imposition of Basel III norms that kick in from 2019.
Public sector banks were the worst hit during the economic slowdown of the past few years, and elevated non-performing asset (NPA) levels has resulted in massive capital erosion for most.
As part of Basel III, banks will have to maintain minimum capital adequacy ratio at 7 percent and Tier I capital of 5.5 percent.
And two, it pushes through a massive reform in which the government brings down its stake near the minimum required to maintain majority stake. This could serve as a precursor for the government to kickstart a privatization drive.
But here’s why the government’s move may not be enough for banks. Estimates over how much banks require range from USD 35 billion to USD 200 billion, depending on how the bad assets crisis is resolved over the next few years.
And two, if the government intends to sell shares worth Rs 1.6 lakh crore over, say, four years, it means divestment of about Rs 40,000 crore. This is over and above the normal divestment issues that the government will need to fund its own requirements.
The previous government’s track record on this, where it sold anywhere between Rs 20,000 crore and Rs 40,000 crore shares over the past several years, inspires little confidence.
Even the incumbent government, which has an ambitious Rs 58,000 crore for the year, is yet to start the program in any meaningful way, even as the financial yearend has a few months to go.
This has been despite generally favourable market conditions. It’s easy to imagine what would happen to stake sales should the stock market collapse and investor appetite dry up.
RELATED NEWS

Govt not considering ban on P-Notes: FinMinFIIS
(There is no proposal at present…)
NEW DELHI: The government today said it is not considering any proposal to ban Participatory Notes (P-Notes) as part of efforts to check black money.
"There is no proposal at present to remove participatory notes in order to check the generation and laundering of black money,"Minister of State for Finance Jayant Sinha said in a written reply in the Lok Sabha .
P-Notes, or offshore derivative instruments, are mostly used by overseas HNIs, hedge funds and other foreign institutions to invest in Indian markets through registered foreign institutional investors (FIIs), while saving on time and costs associated with direct registrations.
In a separate reply, Sinha said the total net investments in equity and debt made by FIIs and Foreign Portfolio Investor (FPI) in India between April-November stood at over Rs 1.84 lakh crore.
The total investment by FIIs and FPIs in 2013-14 was Rs 51,649 crore.
The FPI regime has classified foreign investors into three groups based on their risk profile and would eventually replace existing categories such as FIIs, their sub-accounts and qualified foreign investors.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex ends 251 points down; RIL cracks 2% below 900 | Oil @ $62You are here: Home > Collections
Markets in red; top trading strategies for today
ET Now Dec 12, 2014, 02.50PM IST
Tags:
Amara Raja Batteries
(The benchmark indices pared…)
MUMBAI: The benchmark indices pared early gains and slipped in the negative territory on concerns of global economic recovery. According to analysts, the market is likely to shift to lower end of trading range in coming sessions.
"FIIs unwound their long positions last week. As we highlighted, their open interest has reduced much more than Nifty and Bank Nifty open interest since the beginning of December series. This unwinding has continued and now we are witnessing formation of short positions by them with sell figures emerging in cash market segment as well," said Siddarth Bhamre, head - derivatives, Angel Broking.
At 2:48 pm, the Sensex was at 27,350.11; down 251.90 points.
The Nifty was at 8,223.50; down 69.40 points.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Mitesh Thacker, Technical Analyst, www.miteshthacker.com
Buy Glenmark Pharmaceuticals with stoploss of Rs 814 for target of Rs 865
Buy Andhra Bank with stoploss of Rs 88 for target of Rs 95
Buy Aurobindo Pharma with a stoploss below Rs 1130 for target of Rs 1200
Buy Canara Bank with a stoploss below Rs 421 for target of Rs 455
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO,www.powermywealth.com
Buy Glenmark Pharmaceuticals with stoploss of Rs 815 for target of Rs 848.
Buy Amara Raja Batteries with stoploss of Rs 735 for target of Rs 785.
Sell Cairn India with stoploss of Rs 250 for target of Rs 232.
Sell Sun Tv with stoploss of Rs 362 for target of Rs 342.
Prakash Gaba, www.prakashgaba.com
Buy Sun Pharma with stoploss of Rs 835 for target of Rs 870.
Buy Talwalkars with stoploss of Rs 270 for target of Rs 295.
Buy Tata Motors DVR with stoploss of Rs 335 for target of Rs 350.
Siddhartha Chatterjee, Trustline Securities
Buy DCB Bank with stoploss of Rs 107 for target of Rs 113
Buy SKS Micro with stoploss of Rs 392 for target of Rs 408
Buy Amara Raja with stoploss of Rs 735 for target of Rs 759
Gaurav Ratnaparkhi, Technical Analyst, Sharekhan
Buy Tata Communications with stoploss of Rs 431.50 for target of Rs 457
Buy Ashok Leyland with stoploss of Rs 49.40 for target of Rs 53.50
Buy Grasim with stoploss of Rs 3325 for target of Rs 3500
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Government not to implement Banking Transact...Government not to implement Banking Transaction Tax
PTI Dec 12, 2014, 03.59PM IST
Tags:
banking transaction tax
(Banking Cash Transaction…)
NEW DELHI: The government is not considering implementing Banking Transaction Tax to replace all taxes in the country, Parliament was informed today.
Banking Cash Transaction Tax (BCTT) was introduced in June 2005 to track unaccounted money and trace its source and destination, but was withdrawn in April 2009.
"There is no proposal to implement Banking Transaction Tax to replace all taxes in the country," Minister of State for Finance Jayant Sinha said in a written reply to the Lok Sabha.
Earlier this month, a high level official panel had proposed levying of banking transaction tax on withdrawal of cash beyond a specified limit in a day to check black money.
The report of Tax Administration and Reform Commission (TARC), headed by Parthasarathi Shome , said there was no instrument at present that captures details of cash withdrawals from bank accounts.
It said such information would help the I-T department widen its information base on the use of black money.
"Alternatively, BCTT should be reinstated as an effective administrative measure," the report had said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Govt to ban import of machinery over 5 years...You are here: Home > Collections > Machinery
Government to ban import of machinery over 5 years old
PTI Dec 12, 2014, 03.47PM IST
Tags:
Government
(Replying to a separate question…)
NEW DELHI: Government has decided to ban imports of machinery that is more than five years old, a move which would help in increasing competitiveness of domestic manufacturers.
"Government has decided not to allow import of machinery more than five years old unless a different maximum age is specified by the Department of Commerce in consultation with concerned ministry/department and National Manufacturing Competitive Council ( NMCC )," Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman said in a written reply to the Lok Sabha.
She said a meeting of the Committee of Secretaries (CoS) under the chairmanship of Cabinet Secretary was held regarding promotion of domestic capital goods industry. It also reviewed the import policy of used/second hand capital goods and machineries and their impact on the domestic capital goods industry.
Replying to a separate question on anti-dumping cases, Sitharaman said government has initiated anti-dumping probe into 309 cases between 1992 and November this year.
The major product categories on which the duty has been levied are chemicals, petrochemicals, pharmaceuticals, fibres/yarns, steel and consumer goods.
"The government has initiated anti-dumping investigations into 309 cases during 1992 till 30 November 2014," she said.
Dumping of goods is an unfair trade practice. The anti-dumping duty is a trade remedial measure permitted under WTO norms. Its objective of imposition is to create a level playing field for the domestic industry.
Replying to a question on dumping of electronic items, she said that the Directorate General of Anti-Dumping and Allied Duties has initiated 309 investigations against 46 countries.
FEATURED ARTICLES

China s Baidu to invest in taxi-hailing app ...Alibaba Group Holding Ltd
(Uber said earlier this…)
SHANGHAI: Chinese search engine Baidu, the country's equivalent of Google, will make a strategic investment of up to $600 million in the popular but controversial US taxi app Uber, state media said Friday.
Baidu has sent out an invitation to an event titled "Uber Press Conference" at its Beijing headquarters on December 17, state-owned broadcaster China National Radio (CNR) reported.
The company will announce the signing of an important cross-border investment and strategic cooperation deal at the press conference, according to the invitation.
Baidu founder Robin Li and a "mysterious guest" -- whom unnamed sources said would be Uber chief executive Travis Kalanick -- will attend the press conference, CNR said.
Uber has been available in China's commercial hub Shanghai since August 2013, and has since expanded into other cities including Beijing, its neighbour Tianjin, and southern Shenzhen and Guangzhou.
But its presence is dwarfed by China's two dominant taxi-hailing apps -- Kuaidi Dache, in which e-commerce behemoth Alibaba has a stake, and Didi Dache, backed by technology giant Tencent.
Kuaidi secured a 54.4 percent share in China as of the third quarter, while Didi held 44.9 percent market share, research firm Analysys International said.
The alliance between Baidu and Uber would turn their already ferocious competition into a three-way battle between the "killers of the three kingdoms", CNR reported.
Uber's most recent fundraising valued the company at $40 billion, it said last week.
The CNR report said Baidu's investment in the app would be up to $600 million.
Founded in 2009, Uber services to connect riders and local drivers and has expanded quickly to establish its presence in over 200 cities globally, according to its website.
The app uses GPS to put an user in contact with the nearest driver and Uber charges a commission for each ride.
But it is embroiled in several controversies, and this week complied with an order to stop operating in New Delhi after an Indian woman said she was raped by one of its drivers.
Uber has drawn protests from established taxi operators in many cities and been ruled illegal in some jurisdictions, while the company has seen its image tarnished by executives' gaffes and concerns on privacy.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Greece crisis: Will we learn the right lesso...(There's a real lesson in…)
By Paul Krugman
The Greek fiscal crisis erupted five years ago, and its side effects continue to inflict immense damage on Europe and the world. But I'm not talking about the side effects you may have in mind - spillovers from Greece's Great Depression-level slump or financial contagion to other debtors. No, the truly disastrous effect of the Greek crisis was the way it distorted economic policy, as supposedly serious people around the world rushed to learn the wrong lessons.
Now Greece appears to be in crisis again. Will we learn the right lessons this time?
What happened last time, you may recall, was the exploitation of Greece's woes to change the economic subject. Suddenly, we were supposed to obsess over budget deficits, even if borrowing costs were at historic lows, and slash government spending, even in the face of mass unemployment. Because if we didn't, you see, we could turn into Greece any day now. "Greece stands as a warning of what happens to countries that lose their credibility," intoned David Cameron, Britain's prime minister, as he announced austerity policies in 2010. "We are on the same path as Greece," declared Rep. Paul Ryan, who was soon to become the chairman of the House Budget Committee, that same year.
In reality, Britain and the United States, which borrow in their own currencies, were and are nothing like Greece. If you thought otherwise in 2010, by now year after year of incredibly low interest rates and low inflation should have convinced you. And the experience of Greece and other European countries that were forced into harsh austerity measures should also have convinced you that slashing spending in a depressed economy is a really bad idea if you can avoid it. This is true even in the supposed success stories - Ireland, for example, is finally growing again, but it still has almost 11 percent unemployment and twice that rate among young people.
And the devastation in Greece is awesome to behold. Some press reports I've seen seem to suggest that the country has been a malingerer, balking at the harsh measures its situation demands. In reality, it has made huge adjustments - slashing public employment and compensation, cutting back social programs, raising taxes. If you want a sense of the scale of austerity, it would be as if the United States had introduced spending cuts and tax increases amounting to more than $1 trillion a year. Meanwhile, wages in the private sector have plunged. Yet a quarter of the Greek labor force, and half its young, remain unemployed.
Meanwhile, the debt situation has if anything gotten worse, with the ratio of public debt to GDP at a record high - mainly because of falling GDP, not rising debt - and with the emergence of a big private debt problem, thanks to deflation and depression. There are some positives; the economy is growing a bit, finally, largely thanks to a revival of tourism. But, overall, it has been many years of suffering for very little reward.
The remarkable thing, given all that, has been the willingness of the Greek public to take it, to accept the claims of the political establishment that the pain is necessary and will eventually lead to recovery. The news that has roiled Europe these past few days is that the Greeks may have reached their limit. The details are complex, but basically the current government is trying a fairly desperate political maneuver to put off a general election. And, if it fails, the likely winner in that election is Syriza, a party of the left that has demanded a renegotiation of the austerity program, which could lead to a confrontation with Germany and exit from the euro.
  The important point here is that it's not just the Greeks who are mad as Hellas (their own name for their country) and aren't going to take it anymore. Look at France, where Marine Le Pen, the leader of the anti-immigrant National Front, outpolls mainstream candidates of both right and left. Look at Italy, where about half of voters support radical parties like the Northern League and the Five-Star Movement. Look at Britain, where both anti-immigrant politicians and Scottish separatists are threatening the political order.
It would be a terrible thing if any of these groups - with the exception, surprisingly, of Syriza, which seems relatively benign - were to come to power. But there's a reason they're on the rise. This is what happens when an elite claims the right to rule based on its supposed expertise, its understanding of what must be done - then demonstrates both that it does not, in fact, know what it is doing and that it is too ideologically rigid to learn from its mistakes.
I have no idea how events in Greece are about to turn out. But there's a real lesson in its political turmoil that's much more important than the false lesson too many took from its special fiscal woes.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex falls 251 points  Nifty ends below 8250; oil & gas dragsDec 12, 2014 at  04:42pm IST
Sensex drops 251 points as oil stocks slip; logs worst week in 3 years
4
0
Mumbai: The benchmark Sensex on Friday slumped by 251.33 points to end at 27,350.68 and logged its worst weekly drop in three years on hefty losses in oil&gas, realty and metal shares, amid continued tumble in oil prices raising concern over the strength of the global economy.
As many as 11 of the 12 sectoral indices on BSE ended in the red. Overall, nearly 2,000 stocks closed down while just about 920 scrips managed to close up.
Besides global cues and oil price falling below key US dollar 60/barrel mark for the first time since July 2009, caution prevailed ahead of the retail inflation and IIP data to be released after trading hours on Friday, traders said.
Overall, nearly 2,000 stocks closed down while just about 920 scrips managed to close up.
#sensex #nifty #rupee #dollar
The BSE Sensex, after rising to 27,692.32 in early trade, succumbed to selling pressure in blue-chips and fell to day's low of 27,320.05. It settled at a fresh six-week low of 27,350.68, down 251.33 points, or 0.91 per cent.
The index has dropped by a whopping 1104 points in the past week, its worst show since December 2011, during which it fell in four of five trading sessions.
The 50-share NSE index Nifty also plunged 68.80 points, or 0.83 per cent, to close at 8,224.10 after shuttling between 8,216.30 and 8,321.90 intra-day.
"There was weakness across sectors, which was brought about by the global concerns. Markets are concerned about a global slowdown, as reflected in demand from major oil producing organisations. Markets were also cautious ahead of the inflation and IIP data scheduled post-market," said Dipen Shah, Head- PCG Research, Kotak Securities.
Sectorally, BSE Oil & Gas index suffered the most by falling 2.63 per cent. GAIL, ONGC, Cairn fell between 2.5-4.6 per cent. RIL, IOC and HPCL fell in 1.5-2.5 per cent range.
In other BSE sectoral indices, Realty index fell 2.47 per cent, Consumer Durables by 2.28 per cent, Capital Goods by 2 per cent and Metal 1.45 per cent among others.
In the 30-share Sensex pack, as many as 23 stocks closed down. Tata Steel, Sesa Sterlite, BHEL, Bajaj Auto, L&T and HDFC were among big laggards. However, gains in Infosys, Maruti Suzuki and Sun Pharma cushioned the fall.
Small-cap index shed 1.50 per cent and Mid-cap index fell by 1.28 per cent, indicating selling by retail investors. Foreign funds continue to remain net sellers on the domestic bourses which weighed on the sentiment and added to the selling, equity brokers said. Overseas investors sold shares worth net Rs 808.27 crores on Thursday.
2

Not allowing woman to enter kitchen isn t cruelty: Delhi court27
0
New Delhi: A Delhi court has discharged the sister-in-law of a woman of dowry harassment charge, saying the allegations of being "rough and rude" and "not allowing her to enter kitchen" do not amount to cruelty.
District and Sessions Judge Ina Malhotra upheld the magisterial court's order that had charged the woman's husband and his parents for the offences under sections 498A(cruelty) and 406 (criminal breach of trust) of IPC but had discharged her sister-in-law Shabana of the charges.
"Allegation of being rough and rude or not allowing the woman to enter the kitchen to cook food does not attract the charge of Section 498A of IPC. The cruelty so alleged, if at all inflicted, does not connect with any demand for dowry," the judge said.
A woman in a complaint said her sister-in-law behaviour towards her was rude and rough and she did not allow her to enter the kitchen.
#crime against woman #dowry #delhi #delhi court
The sessions court, which was hearing the revision plea of the woman against the trial court order discharging Shabana, said that there was no prima facie substance to justify framing of charges against her. According to the complaint of the woman, she got married in 2005 and within a few months she was harassed and tortured for dowry by her husband and in-laws, who had also taken all her jewellery and wedding gifts.
She claimed that on one occasion she brought Rs one lakh from her parents but her in-laws were not satisfied and continued to ill-treat her. She had also claimed that her sister-in-law Shabana's behaviour towards her was rude and rough and she did not allow her to enter the kitchen.
Following this, she had lodged an FIR against her in-laws and approached the court. The trial court had framed charges against her husband and parents-in-law for beating and torturing her for dowry, but had discharged Shabana. Aggrieved by the decision of discharging Shabana, the woman filed the revision petition.
5

Agra conversion row: Need to form a law against it  says BJP s Vijay Bahadur Pathake lounge Rewind: Bollywood stories of 2014
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Probe in irrigation scam ordered  law will take it s own course: Maharashtra CMe lounge Rewind: Bollywood stories of 2014
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Xiaomi suspends sales in IndiaXiaomi suspends sales in India
PTI
Tweet
Chennai, Dec 12:  
Chinese smartphone maker Xiaomi has suspended its sales in India following directions of the Delhi High Court, restraining sales of its products.
“We have been committed to continue our sales of Redmi Note and Redmi 1S devices in India. In the last two days alone, we received over 1.50 lakh registrations for Redmi Note on (e—commerce site) Flipkart and the momentum has been terrific,” Xiaomi VP Hugo Barra said in a post on a social networking site.
However, following the order passed by the Delhi High Court, “we have been forced to suspend sales until further notice. As a law abiding company, we are investigating the matter carefully and assessing our legal options”, he said.
Recently, the Delhi High Court in an interim order has restrained Xiaomi as well as Flipkart from selling in India handsets of the Chinese mobile maker that run on the technology patented by Ericsson.
“Our sincere apologies to all Indian Mi fans! Please rest assured that we’re doing all we can to revert the situation.
We have greatly enjoyed our journey with you in India over the last 5 months and we firmly intend to continue it!”, he said in the post.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

Oppostion flays coal Bill for unresolved issues on land  workers welfareOppostion flays coal Bill for ‘unresolved’ issues on land, workers’ welfare
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 12:  
Admitting the need for reforms in the coal sector to enhance production, the Opposition parties flayed the Narendra Modi Government for ‘unresolved’ issues, such as land acquisition and workers’ welfare, in the coal Bill and wanted it to be referred to the Standing Committee. The Bill was later passed by a voice vote in the Lok Sabha on Friday.
The Coal Mines (Special Provisions) Bill, 2014, replaces an ordinance issued in October that was brought in the wake of the Supreme Court order cancelling the allocation of 204 coal blocks on September 24 and resetting the agenda for re-allocation.
Initiating the debate, Congress member Jyotiraditya Scindia said while land, and environmental issues remained unresolved, there was also no clarity on how many blocks and which ones would be put up for auction.
Scindia also questioned the need for changes in the Coal Nationalisation Act and the Mines and Minerals Act, which he said were not required to proceed with the re-allocation of coal blocks. “The proposed amendments are not required to auction the 74 coal blocks ... This Bill must be sent to the Standing Committee,” he said.
While recognising the need for restructuring Coal India Ltd (CIL), Scindia urged the Government to first appoint a CMD. “It is functioning without a CMD for the past seven months,” he added.
Trinamool Congress member Kalyan Banerjee, who was also heading the earlier Standing Committee on Coal, said the Government seemed more interested in FDI, adding that no industry chamber of the mine-producing States were consulted for such an important legislation.
Demanding that the Bill be sent to the Standing Committee, he said coal mines were “properties of the States. You (Centre) are not making any charity but making money by extracting from the State governments and trying to show that you are benevolent.”
Biju Janata Dal’s Tathagata Satapathy and CPI(M) member Jitendra Chowdhury too wanted the Bill to be sent to the Standing Committee and opposed any move to de-nationalise the coal sector.
Terming the Bill as a ‘band-aid’ rather than a long-term solution, Satapathy said natural resources belong to the nation and the Government should not leave any ambiguity in defining end-use.
Chowdhury also pointed out that the Bill would clash with the Forest Rights Act, as a majority of the 32 coal-producing districts were inhabited by tribals who would get displaced.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

ICICI Bank launches new credit card with extended credit periodICICI Bank launches new credit card with extended credit period
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 12:  
ICICI Bank, India’s largest private sector bank, has launched a Coral American Express credit card with a transparent design and a distinctive look offering the ability to carry over the retail purchase balances in first two billing statements to the third statement.
“The extended credit period is a unique proposition offering card members ability to carry over the retail purchase balances in first two billing statements by simply paying the minimum amount due. No interest shall be charged in such cases and the total amount due shall be payable as per the third billing statement,” ICICI bank said in a statement.
Additionally, the card will offer Payback points per Rs 100 spent on dining, groceries, supermarkets and online spends. It also offers complimentary movie tickets, visits to altitude lounges at Mumbai and Delhi airports, discounts in restaurants and exemption of surcharge on fuel transactions at HPCL stations
Rajiv Sabharwal, Executive Director, ICICI Bank, said, “Aimed at providing significant lifestyle benefits, this card re-affirms our commitment to bring forth innovative services to our customers. We are also introducing a host of exciting privileges including an introductory extended credit period offer and bonus reward points on online transactions. We believe this card will be yet another compelling addition to our Gemstone collection of credit cards.”
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

BSE Sensex ends 251 points lower  NSE Nifty posts biggest weekly loss since JulyStreet sees good show after stellar year
The BSE benchmark Sensex today slumped by 251.33 points to end at 27,350.68 and logged its worst weekly drop in three years on hefty losses in oil&gas, realty and metal shares, amid continued tumble in oil prices raising concern over the strength of the global economy.
As many as 11 of the 12 sectoral indices on BSE ended in the red. Overall, nearly 2,000 stocks closed down while just about 920 scrips managed to close up.
Besides global cues and oil price falling below key USD 60/barrel mark for the first time since July 2009, caution prevailed ahead of the retail inflation and IIP data to be released after trading hours today, traders said.
The BSE Sensex, after rising to 27,692.32 in early trade, succumbed to selling pressure in blue-chips and fell to day’s low of 27,320.05. It settled at a fresh six-week low of 27,350.68, down 251.33 points, or 0.91 per cent.
The index has dropped by a whopping 1104 points in the past week, its worst show since December 2011, during which it fell in four of five trading sessions.
The 50-share NSE index Nifty also plunged 68.80 points, or 0.83 per cent, to close at 8,224.10 after shuttling between 8,216.30 and 8,321.90 intra-day.
“There was weakness across sectors, which was brought about by the global concerns. Markets are concerned about a global slowdown, as reflected in demand from major oil producing organisations. Markets were also cautious ahead of the inflation and IIP data scheduled post-market,” said Dipen Shah, Head- PCG Research, Kotak Securities.
Sectorally, BSE Oil & Gas index suffered the most by falling 2.63 per cent. GAIL, ONGC, Cairn fell between 2.5-4.6 per cent. RIL, IOC and HPCL fell in 1.5-2.5 per cent range.
In other BSE sectoral indices, Realty index fell 2.47 per cent, Consumer Durables by 2.28 per cent, Capital Goods by 2 per cent and Metal 1.45 per cent among others.
In the 30-share Sensex pack, as many as 23 stocks closed down. Tata Steel, Sesa Sterlite, BHEL, Bajaj Auto, L&T and HDFC were among big laggards. However, gains in Infosys, Maruti Suzuki and Sun Pharma cushioned the fall.
Small-cap index shed 1.50 per cent and Mid-cap index fell by 1.28 per cent, indicating selling by retail investors.
Foreign funds continue to remain net sellers on the domestic bourses which weighed on the sentiment and added to the selling, equity brokers said. Overseas investors sold shares worth net Rs 808.27 crores yesterday.
Dipen Shah, Head- Private Client Group Research, Kotak Securities
Markets closed the week with losses of about 3-4% on the benchmarks. There was weakness across sectors, which was brought about by the global concerns. Markets are concerned about a global slowdown, as reflected in demand from major oil producing organisations. Markets were also cautious ahead of the inflation and IIP data scheduled post-market. According to media sources, GST bill will now be taken up in the next session of the Parliament. Fiscal reform in and outside the budget will be a major determinant of the market’s movement over the next few weeks and months. Economic growth as well as interest rate movements will be determined by what measures are taken by the Government to put the economy on a high growth path. Globally, developments in China and EU hold the key for the global markets, including India.
View on Rupee
Debopam Chaudhuri, Chief Economist, ZyFin Research
2014 remains a volatile year for the rupee exchange rate, despite some significant recovery in India’s current account deficit. With an expected rise in US interest rate regime, there is a high probability of a significant decline in demand for rupee from FIIs in the short run, leading to further depreciation. In this context, the RBI’s decision to not cut rates may help reduce the volatility in exchange rate until India regains its position as a lucrative investment destination.
Post Comments
More from indianmarkets

BSE Sensex ends 251 points lower  NSE Nifty posts biggest weekly loss sinceJulyStreet sees good show after stellar year
The BSE benchmark Sensex today slumped by 251.33 points to end at 27,350.68 and logged its worst weekly drop in three years on hefty losses in oil&gas, realty and metal shares, amid continued tumble in oil prices raising concern over the strength of the global economy.
As many as 11 of the 12 sectoral indices on BSE ended in the red. Overall, nearly 2,000 stocks closed down while just about 920 scrips managed to close up.
Besides global cues and oil price falling below key USD 60/barrel mark for the first time since July 2009, caution prevailed ahead of the retail inflation and IIP data to be released after trading hours today, traders said.
The BSE Sensex, after rising to 27,692.32 in early trade, succumbed to selling pressure in blue-chips and fell to day’s low of 27,320.05. It settled at a fresh six-week low of 27,350.68, down 251.33 points, or 0.91 per cent.
The index has dropped by a whopping 1104 points in the past week, its worst show since December 2011, during which it fell in four of five trading sessions.
The 50-share NSE index Nifty also plunged 68.80 points, or 0.83 per cent, to close at 8,224.10 after shuttling between 8,216.30 and 8,321.90 intra-day.
“There was weakness across sectors, which was brought about by the global concerns. Markets are concerned about a global slowdown, as reflected in demand from major oil producing organisations. Markets were also cautious ahead of the inflation and IIP data scheduled post-market,” said Dipen Shah, Head- PCG Research, Kotak Securities.
Sectorally, BSE Oil & Gas index suffered the most by falling 2.63 per cent. GAIL, ONGC, Cairn fell between 2.5-4.6 per cent. RIL, IOC and HPCL fell in 1.5-2.5 per cent range.
In other BSE sectoral indices, Realty index fell 2.47 per cent, Consumer Durables by 2.28 per cent, Capital Goods by 2 per cent and Metal 1.45 per cent among others.
In the 30-share Sensex pack, as many as 23 stocks closed down. Tata Steel, Sesa Sterlite, BHEL, Bajaj Auto, L&T and HDFC were among big laggards. However, gains in Infosys, Maruti Suzuki and Sun Pharma cushioned the fall.
Small-cap index shed 1.50 per cent and Mid-cap index fell by 1.28 per cent, indicating selling by retail investors.
Foreign funds continue to remain net sellers on the domestic bourses which weighed on the sentiment and added to the selling, equity brokers said. Overseas investors sold shares worth net Rs 808.27 crores yesterday.
Dipen Shah, Head- Private Client Group Research, Kotak Securities
Markets closed the week with losses of about 3-4% on the benchmarks. There was weakness across sectors, which was brought about by the global concerns. Markets are concerned about a global slowdown, as reflected in demand from major oil producing organisations. Markets were also cautious ahead of the inflation and IIP data scheduled post-market. According to media sources, GST bill will now be taken up in the next session of the Parliament. Fiscal reform in and outside the budget will be a major determinant of the market’s movement over the next few weeks and months. Economic growth as well as interest rate movements will be determined by what measures are taken by the Government to put the economy on a high growth path. Globally, developments in China and EU hold the key for the global markets, including India.
View on Rupee
Debopam Chaudhuri, Chief Economist, ZyFin Research
2014 remains a volatile year for the rupee exchange rate, despite some significant recovery in India’s current account deficit. With an expected rise in US interest rate regime, there is a high probability of a significant decline in demand for rupee from FIIs in the short run, leading to further depreciation. In this context, the RBI’s decision to not cut rates may help reduce the volatility in exchange rate until India regains its position as a lucrative investment destination.
Post Comments
More from indianmarkets

Major files police complaint against Colonel foradulteryBy: Press Trust of India | Patna |
Posted: December 12, 2014 4:42 pm
A case of adultery has been registered by police against a colonel rank officer of Danapur military camp on the complaint of an army doctor.
City Superintendent of Police S W Lande informed that Danapur police station has registered a case against Colonel Ravi Chander on the complaint of Major Binod Kumar attached to Danapur military hospital for allegedly having illicit relationship with his wife.
The woman is the principal of a pre-primary school of the army.
The complaint was filed on Wednesday night and an FIR has been instituted under IPC sections 497 (adultery), 506 (criminal intimidation), 379 (snatching), 34 (wrongful restraint) and 504 (intentional insult with intent to provoke breach) among others.
Investigation into the complaint is on, Lande said.
The Colonel, who is attached to Jharkhand and Bihar sub area station headquarters(GS) also holds the charge of the chairman of COBRA, the anti-Maoist combat force.
The complainant has also informed General Officer Commanding (GOC) of the sub area about the matter, he said.

Saradha scam: CBI arrests West Bengal Transport Minister MadanMitraWritten by Madhuparna Das | Kolkata |
Posted: December 13, 2014 5:02 am | Updated: December 13, 2014 5:06 am
The shadow thrown by the Saradha scandal is slowly creeping up the hierarchy of the Trinamool Congress. After two Rajya Sabha MPs, the CBI Friday arrested Madan Mitra , one of most powerful ministers in Mamata Banerjee’s Cabinet, for his alleged involvement in the multi-crore chit fund scam.
Mitra, the State Transport and Sports Minister, submitted his resignation to Banerjee before reaching the CBI office where he was grilled for five hours before being arrested. He is the first Minister in the state to be arrested in the case after TMC MPs Kunal Ghosh and Srinjoy Bose. The Chief Minister, later, called the arrest “the worst conspiracy the BJP government could do in Bengal.”
According to CBI sources, what led to Mitra’s arrest was crucial evidence including CCTV footage, key statements, and detailed documents of certain financial transactions.
The news of Mitra’s arrest was officially announced at 4.20 pm, following which Banerjee and her senior ministers came out in his defence. Banerjee and State Panchayat Minister Subrata Mukherjee claimed that the “decision to arrest Mitra was taken when the BJP national president (Amit Shah) came to the city on November 30.”
However, the buzz about the possible arrest of Mitra had begun on November 15 when he received the first summons from the agency.
The Minister was then admitted to a private hospital though the doctors there failed to provide a “reasonable explanation for his illness” to CBI.
Mitra was then shifted to the state-run SSKM Hospital, where a medical board — again — failed to submit a medical report to CBI “that could justify Mitra’s illness”. Following his discharge from SSKM, Mitra on November 27 sought a week’s time from CBI.
Contrary to Mitra’s claims, the CBI had recovered CCTV footage showing Mitra entering Saradha CMD Sudipta Sen’s office. Sources said that the agency had also recorded statements of Sen, Saradha executive director Debjani Mukherjee and other employees that revealed Mitra’s links to the Saradha establishment.
According to the sources, Mitra initially “refused to cooperate” but broke down after investigators informed him of the arrest.
CBI official Kanchan Prasad later issued a statement confirming Mitra’s arrest “on prima facie evidence of criminal conspiracy, cheating, and misappropriation as well as deriving undue financial benefits from the Saradha Group”. The statement also confirmed the arrests of “Naresh Balodia, Legal Advisor to Sudipto Sen and Saradha Group on charges of criminal conspiracy, cheating and diversion of funds in the same case.”
According to a close aide of Mitra, the Minister had “submitted his resignation to the Chief Minister, but madam did not accept it.”
Speaking to reporters later, Banerjee said, “We also have several documents against many persons. But we are gentle and decent. Should we arrest a continued…

Make in India should not merely focus on manufacturing: RaghuramRajanBy: ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi |
Posted: December 13, 2014 12:38 am | Updated: December 13, 2014 3:22 am
TERMING the global economic outlook as “mediocre”, Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan said on Friday that it would be better for India to focus on its domestic market than emulate the export-led growth path adopted by China and other Asian countries in the past.
In the backdrop of the government’s concerted push for the Make in India programme, he added the ‘Make For India’ sub-text, suggesting production for the Indian market.
Addressing a seminar organised by industry chamber Ficci weeks ahead of the government’s first full Budget, Rajan also called for an increase in household savings rate and even advocated for tax benefits for individuals to save more.
“The income tax benefits for an individual to save have been largely fixed in nominal terms till the recent Budget, which means the real value of the benefits have eroded. Some budgetary incentives for household savings could help ensure that the country’s investment is largely financed from domestic savings,” he said.
On the government’s Make in India programme, he said there was a danger in assuming that this means a focus on manufacturing and an attempt to follow the export-led growth path that China followed. “The world as a whole is unlikely to be able to accommodate another export-led China,” said Rajan, adding that India should not have export-focussed manufacturing.
“India is different, and developing at a different time, and we should be agnostic about what will work,” said Rajan. His advice comes at a time when the government has pitched hard for reviving manufacturing by improving India’s ranking in the World Bank’s Ease of Doing Business index. He, however, lauded the government’s intent to bring the cost of doing business down, adding that infrastructure must improve.
Under pressure from the government to cut policy rates to ring in a low interest rate regime, Rajan said it was not the regulator’s job to boost the Sensex but to ensure that underlying fundamentals of the economy and the financial system are sound.
The RBI Governor also said India should not be railroaded into compromising its interest to attract FDI. Citing an example, he said, “The requirements to patent a medicine in India are perfectly reasonable, no matter what the international drug companies say — we should ensure policies are transparent and redress quick.” Rajan said if it is made easier for young Indian companies to do business, it will also make it easier for foreign companies to invest, for, after all both are outsiders to the system. “This means a transparent and quick legal process to deal with contractual disputes, and a proper system of bankruptcy to deal with distress,” he said.
Calling India an emerging economy that “weathered the initial squalls of the ‘taper tantrums’ of the summer of 2013”, Rajan said that it should focus on four aspects — Make in India, Make for India, ensure transparency and stability of the economy and work towards a more open and fair global system.

Himachal Pradesh assembly clears new LokayuktaBillWritten by Ashwani Sharma | Dharamshala |
Posted: December 12, 2014 4:30 pm
Himachal Pradesh assembly on Friday passed a new Lokayukta bill clearing decks for setting a single-member anti-graft institution to effectively deal with the cases of corruption, and investigate complaints about misuse of powers by the public servants.
The bill if gets assent of the President of India, will replace Himachal Pradesh’s grand old law enacted in 1983 to establish State Lokayukta. The bill has provisions to facilitate independent functioning of the Lokayukta–currently headed by Justice (Rtd) L S Panta, a retired SC judge.
Besides public servants, the office of Chief Minister, former cabinet ministers and MLAs have been brought under the purview of the new law. The government, first time, has given powers of contempt of court to the Anti-graft ombudsman.
The bill also drew support from the opposition with Leader of Opposition Prem Kumar Dhumal backing the legislation suggesting some amendments, which were accepted by Chief Minister Virbhadra Singh.
One of the amendments which the former CM suggested was related to posting of status of the complaints on the website of the Lokayukta to enable the citizens and complainants to know progress of the investigations.
His suggestion about annual audit of the accounts of the Lokayukta by the Accountant General of India and laying of its reports in the State assembly was also accepted paving the way for passing of the law.
Dhumal even insisted that bill had been delayed inordinately and should now be soon sent for President’s assent with foolproof measures.
The government, however, has given no powers of the suo moto investigations to the Lokayukta even as same existed in the bill,earlier passed by the BJP government and later recalled by the congress in its return to power in 2012-13.
The Congress introduced the bill in February 2014 but due to non-participation of the opposition BJP in the House proceedings it was referred to the selection committee. The original bill proposed a multi-member body, a view which the selection committee did not accept.
Salient features of the bill
#Appointment of Lokyukta shall be made by the Governor on recommendation of a four member committee headed by Chief Minister with Speaker of the assembly,leader of opposition and Chief Justice of High Court as its members.
#The Lokayukta will have powers to constitute an inquiry wing headed by a director of inquiry to look into complaints against public servants indulging in mal practices ,abuse and misuse of their positions
# It’s separate prosecution wing will also have a director of prosecution to try offences by a special court.
#The Lokayukta will have powers of the civil courts in certain cases.
#The bill also gives powers to the ombudsman to conduct search and seize documents and provisional attachment of assets. It can also recommend transfer or suspension of public servant facing allegations of corruption.
# The Lokayukta will be empowered to take action against persons filing false complaints.

Sensex plunges over 250 points: Five reasons | Oil sinks to lowest in over 5 yearsYou are here: Home > Collections > China
Top five factors why Sensex is under pressure
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 12, 2014, 04.14PM IST
Tags:
BSE
(The weakness in markets…)
MUMBAI: After hitting an all-time high late last month, the S&P BSE Sensex now seems to have run out of steam.
The index has seen a massive correction of over 1,226 points or 4.29 per cent in just seven trading sessions. The weakness is expected to continue for some more time and the benchmarks may slip further in the coming sessions.
On Friday, the broader NSE index closed down 0.83 per cent at 8,224.1. For the week it lost 3.7 per cent for its worst weekly performance since mid-July.
The benchmark Sensex slumped by 251.33 points to end at 27,350.68 and logged its worst weekly drop in three years.
Following are the factors that are impacting the Indian markets:
Slowdown in China: The concern of a slowdown in China is making global investors nervous as its growth slowed down in November. China's factory output grew slower-than-expected at 7.2 per cent in November as against 7.7 per cent in October. Investment expansion slipped near the 13-year low. Last month the People's Bank of China unexpectedly lowered rates in order to boost growth. It seems to have a little impact on growth and the recent data is likely to push policymakers to announce more stimulus measures.
Investors are worried that China's annual growth may weaken from 7.3 per cent in the third quarter.
"The data bodes ill for GDP growth in the fourth quarter, which is bound to slow further," Dariusz Kowalczyk, senior economist at Credit Agricole CIB in Hong Kong, was quoted by Reuters as saying.
GST Bill in next session: The impasse between state governments and the Centre over the goods & services tax (GST) continues.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley will now introduce the GST Bill in the next session of Parliament, say reports.
This is likely to hurt investor sentiments, who have been hoping the Modi government to carry bold reforms. It's been six months since the new government has come to power and industrialists are already complaining behind closed doors about the lack of boldness in reform ideas, which they feel is resulting in a reluctance to commit fresh investments.
State finance ministers have rejected the draft GST Constitutional Amendment Bill. They said the provisions did not take into account their concerns, and staunchly opposed the move to include petroleum under the GST ambit. The states also said the bill does not address their concern on the issue of entry tax.
Macro economic data: Foreign institutional investors are keeping their positions light ahead of the macro economic data.
According to an ET Now Poll, CPI inflation for the month of November will hit fresh lows since the series started in January 2012. It is expected to cool down to 4.3 per cent vs 5.59 per cent in October.
Favorable base and easing vegetable prices are likely to help lower CPI.
However, Index of Industrial Production (IIP) is expected to continue to disappoint. As per ET Now poll estimates, IIP for the month of October is expected to be at 2.3 per cent vs 2.5 per cent in September.
Mining is expected to grow at 1.4 per cent against 0.7 per cent a month ago and manufacturing is likely to contract to 0.9 per cent from 2.5 per cent, MoM.
Technical levels: The market has corrected from its higher end of trading range and is close to support levels. It breached intermediate support of 8,300 intraday, making traders nervous.
"I will look at that 8,250-8,300 mark. As long as it does not break that, it is a buy on dips market. But once it cracks that 8250 level decisively, then we could see a much deeper cut and possibly then, I would wait for those lower levels for investment opportunities," said market expert Ambareesh Baliga to ET Now.
FIIs net sellers: Foreign institutional investors are in a risk-off mode following weakness in global markets . They are seen moving to safer havens such as US dollar. They have turned net sellers in Indian equities lately. They sold equities worth Rs 1,915 crore on Wednesday and were net sellers worth Rs 808 crore in the cash market on Thursday.
The S&P BSE Sensex closed at 27,350.68, down 251.33 points or 0.91 per cent. It touched an intraday low of 27,320.05 in trade today.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Time not right for business as usual with Russia: US to IndiaYou are here: Home > Collections > Russia
Time not right for business as usual with Russia: US to India
PTI Dec 12, 2014, 04.17PM IST
(India and Russia signed…)
WASHINGTON: The US today reemphasised that it was not the right time for "business as usual" with Russia, a day after India and Russia signed 20 bilateral agreements in key areas like oil, gas and defence during President Vladimir Putin's visit to New Delhi.
"We've seen press reporting on India concluding business, nuclear and defence deals with Russia, but not confirmation of those agreements or specifics of what those agreements would entail. Our view remains that it's not time for business as usual with Russia," US State Department spokesperson Marie Harf said.
She also said it is not the time for the US to do business with Russia given its action in Ukraine.
Russia has been heavily sanctioned by the US and EU for their support of pro-Moscow rebels in eastern Ukraine as well as for Russia's annexation of the Ukrainian peninsula of Crimea earlier this year.
Ahead of Putin's visit to New Delhi, the US state department last week had voiced concerns over possible bilateral agreements between India and Russia.
"As we've said before, now is not the time for business as usual with Russia," the US state department spokesperson had said.
"We've conveyed this, certainly, to our allies and to our partners across the world," she had said.
In a boost to their "special strategic partnership", Russia yesterday agreed to build at least 12 nuclear reactors in India besides manufacturing advanced dual-use helicopters as the two countries signed 20 agreements in oil, gas, defence, investment and other key sectors.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Trade policy review in WTO scheduled in June...'India's trade policy review in WTO scheduled in June 2015'
PTI Dec 12, 2014, 03.40PM IST
Tags:
Commerce and Industry Minister
("As part of the review process,…)
NEW DELHI: India's trade policy review at the World Trade Organisation (WTO) is scheduled to be conducted in June 2015, Parliament was informed today.
"A team from the WTO secretariat has visited the country recently from 19th-25th November 2014 to assess India's trade policies, mainly in lieu of the upcoming sixth Trade Policy Review (TPR) of India, scheduled to be held in June 2015, " Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman said in a written reply to the Lok Sabha.
The WTO conducts a TPR for member-countries once every four years. It is a mechanism which offers opportunity to other WTO members to ask questions and raise any concerns on different aspects of policies and practices of the country under review.
The last review was conducted in 2011. "As part of the review process, the WTO Secretariat prepares a detailed report on the trade related developments in the country since its last review," she said.
The Minister said that the review aimed at improving transparency, creating a better understanding of the trade policies and practices of member countries and enabling a multi-lateral assessment of the effects of such policies and practices on the multi-lateral trading system.
FEATURED ARTICLES

HUL seeing demand pick up  more price cuts likely: JM FinDec 12, 2014, 04.48 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
HUL seeing demand pick up, more price cuts likely: JM Fin
According to the management, there is a slight pick-up in demand condition across most major categories and in both rural and urban markets. Industry volume that has been declining over the past few quarters is now flattish.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
HUL seeing demand pick up, more price cuts likely: JM Fin
According to the management, there is a slight pick-up in demand condition across most major categories and in both rural and urban markets. Industry volume that has been declining over the past few quarters is now flattish.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Hindustan Unilever  is likely to slash prices further, says JM Financial. The FMCG major has already implemented a 4-5 percent price-cut in soaps to pass on input cost benefits. However, that has now begun to 'trickle down, as higher-cost inventories are slowly exhausting', adds JM Financial.
The brokerage recently met HUL management. According to the management, there is a slight pick-up in demand condition across most major categories and in both rural and urban markets. Industry volume that has been declining over the past few quarters is also now flattish.
However, a delayed winter may spoil the game for HUL. The management is little worried that a late winter may impact sales of winter products, but premiumisation trend in toothpaste has been coming off quite significantly in recent months.
"Businesses are now beginning to realise the benefit of the fall in input costs, as higher cost inventories procured earlier are now beginning to get exhausted. We expect some price cuts to come through in the near future. These steps indicate HUL’s aggression to counter threat from unorganised players who generally get more competitive in a falling raw material cost regime," the management believes.
The company may retain a portion of the benefits from lower input costs to recoup a part of the margin lost during inflationary times.
Hindustan Unilever closed at Rs 797.80, up Rs 1.45, or 0.18 percent on the BSE.
RELATED NEWS

Global stocks hit as oil heads even lowerglobal stocks hit as oil heads even lower
Bangladesh proposes setting up coal-based power plant in IndiaBangladesh proposes setting up coal-based power plant in India
US House approves $1.1 trillion spending bill  averts shutdownHi Guest
US House approves $1.1 trillion spending bill, averts shutdown
The US House of Representatives averted a government shutdown on Thursday, narrowly passing a $1.1 trillion spending bill despite strenuous Democratic objections to controversial financial provisions. The vote followed a long day of drama and discord on Capitol Hill that highlighted fraying Democratic unity and featured an uneasy alliance between President Barack Obama and House Speaker John Boehner, enemies in past budget battles but on the same side this time in pushing for passage. A vote on ...

Centre of excellence for Horticulture to be set up at AttariCentre of excellence for Horticulture to be set up at Attari
Investments in Uber s Indian rivals uncertain after taxi app banInvestments in Uber s Indian rivals uncertain after taxi app ban
Indian stock markets open in greenIndian stock markets open in green
Esaar India: Outcome of board meetingEsaar India: Outcome of board meeting
Cyber crime is much more prevalent than we realise: Amrita Chowdhury  Country Head  Harlequin IndiaCyber crime is much more prevalent than we realise: Amrita Chowdhury  Country Head  Harlequin India
BlackBerry  Idea launch SIM-based licensing solutionBlackBerry  Idea launch SIM-based licensing solution
Missing students  families claim harassment by Mexican authoritiesMissing students  families claim harassment by Mexican authorities
IDFC MF Announces Dividend Under IDFC Fixed Term Plan SeriesIDFC MF Announces Dividend Under IDFC Fixed Term Plan Series
Forex trading probesMove by SFO marks acceleration of global investigation
Multimedia
Explore the 33 traders and staff who so far have been suspended, placed on leave or fired amid regulatory investigations that started in 2013
– Graphic
Patrick Jenkins talks to ACI president Marshall Bailey about how best to reform the industry in the wake of the recent trading scandal and the record settlement reached by big banks.
– Podcast

11 Artists You Should Pay Attention To Next Yearreddit
Good news, art world. Art Basel Miami Beach has come to a close and your various social media feeds will soon return to their normal states. You can exhale now.
The past week came with sunshine, booze, celebrities, hotels, hangovers, tiny food on long skewers, dirty looks, slinky ensembles, unforgivable fedoras, and, of course, the art. We've compiled a list of the 11 artists whose work stood out amongst the hundreds on view. Artists from around the world and across the board in genre and medium. Artists whose work was even greater a treat than a much-needed espresso after a day of fair hopping. Here they are -- the 11 artists heating up Miami Beach this winter. Keep an eye on them in the art-centric year to come.
1. Marlene Mocquet
at Untitled
The French artist's brand of dizzying surrealism combines the dread of Hieronymus Bosch with the playfulness of Kenny Scharf. The multimedia hallucinations seem to grow out of the materials that made them, only to eventually lose momentum and melt back into a dripping dream state.
2. Ebony G Patterson
at Untitled
Monique Meloche Gallery was filled with this Jamaican artist's brilliantly patterned coffins, adorned with fringe, beads, flowers and lace. The Patterson Project, made in Kingston, Jamaica in April 2014, couple a fanciful first impression with a macabre aftertaste.
3. Misleidys Francisca Castillo Pedroso
at NADA
Pedroso, based in Cuba, was born with severe hearing loss and thus has spent most of her life communicating through non-traditional methods. She visually expresses herself using a repeated pattern of brightly colored figures, at once hyper-macho and occasionally androgynous. The nude forms, resembling pro-wrestlers or mythical demons, are cut-out and installed on the wall of her family’s home with the help of meticulously applied tape.
4. Mika Tajima
at NADA
The Los Angeles-born artist captured the luxurious spirit of Miami with this rainbow jacuzzi at the entrance of NADA. Only the piece wasn't originally an indulgent party toy; it was created by California’s Candido Jacuzzi in the 1940s to combat rheumatoid arthritis. Tajima painted the polychromatic pool with enamel, adding a psychedelic touch to the mounted plastic bath.
5. Brian Belott
at Untitled
Belott's calculator creatures gathered crowds at both Untitled and NADA, turning defunct consumer goods into glowing fossils from the future. The mathematical aids, dipped in various hues of sand and rock, looked especially magnetic when juxtaposed with the many calculators adorning the dealers' desks. Our personal favorite was encrusted in Doritos crumbs.
6. Ajay Kurian
at Art Basel Miami Beach
Kurian transforms garbage cans into kaleidoscopic portals, combining discarded junk and cultural gems in his neon-tinged mirrored wormholes. " I was thinking about the weird purgatory of overflowing trashcans, " the Baltimore-born artist told GQ. "Like, they're receptacles, but they're also pedestals, and then they sort of became plates. I think with a lot of my pieces there's a lot of plating in a sense, like there's something culinary. With this one, it became a kind of fucked up banquet."
7. Rainer Fetting
at Untitled
The famed German painter's striking portraits were all over Galerie Thomas Fuchs' booth at Untitled. This 2005 portrait of a New York cop in uniform combined mundane machismo with an otherworldly brutality that felt especially relevant given recent events. The roughly rendered portrait reveals the many impressions -- ruthlessness, vulnerability, fear, humanity -- that can simultaneously dwell in the human face.
8. Jesse Greenberg
at NADA
Greenberg's electric canvases resembled Saran Wrap, stained glass, melted jolly ranchers, squeezed balloons and wax. The bulging reliefs looked like they were on the verge of popping, letting whatever bold hued substance brewing inside them ooze through the gallery. This particular piece resembled an inflatable mouth receiving long overdue dental attention.
9. Elena Stonaker
at Scope
Stonaker's beaded sculptures look like spiritual altars to imaginary monsters, turning body parts and coded symbols into dazzling tapestries, gargantuan jewelry pieces and soft dolls. The multimedia works, at once girlish and majestic, featured elements of Mike Kelley, Dorothy Iannone and Betsey Johnson.
10. Lucy Kim
at NADA
Kim, raised between Korea, Myanmar, and the United States, uses her friends' facial features as elements in her work, just as important as paint or canvas. The kaleidoscopic portraits resemble figures emerging from a colored pool or melting into a square of quicksand. The face parts quickly disintegrate from recognizable features into illegible scraps, like Picasso meets Mr. Potato Head.
11. Daiga Grantina
at NADA
The Latvian artist crafts forms that defy categorization and understanding, appearing at once corporeal and plasticine, like the drooping innards of an alien or jellyfish. The works incorporate various cultural crumbs and residue, including a rainbow slinky and slot-machine ribbons, all encased in an ethereal and eerie clear acrylic gel.
Earlier on HuffPost:

Photos: Meet Bruce Lee s modern-day lookalikeEYE BROWSE
Meet Bruce Lee's modern-day lookalike
From the ruins of a bombed-out palace above Kabul, a young Afghan man bearing a striking resemblance to kung fu legend Bruce Lee is high-kicking his way to Internet fame, aiming to show another side to his war-weary nation.
Videos and photos of Abbas Alizada, 20, posted on the Facebook page "Bruce Hazara" show him performing back flips and striking Lee's famous poses. They blazed through Afghanistan's small Internet community this week, part of a publicity burst he hopes will catapult him to broader fame.
"I want to be a champion in my country and a Hollywood star," Alizada said at Kabul's desolate Darulaman palace, where he trains twice a week, swirling nunchakus and sporting a Lee-like bowl haircut.
At a workout at the palace, adorned with photos of thousands of civilian war victims as part of a protest exhibition, Alizada showed off his wiry physique, doing push-ups on his fingertips and sparring with a partner. Two assistants dabbed his brow and fixed his hair for the cameras.
Alizada is from a poor family of 10 children. His parents could not afford the fees at an academy of Wushu, a Chinese mixed martial art, but the trainer took him under his wing. Know more about Abbas Alizada
Gallery View:Meet Bruce Lee's modern-day lookalike

Instagram beats Twitter  has more active users nowInstagram beats Twitter, has highest active users now
IANS     New York   Last Updated: December 11, 2014  | 13:11 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Photo sharing site Instagram has moved ahead of Twitter in terms of highest active users.
Nine months after it reached the 200-million user mark, Instagram says it now has 300 million people using the service every month, beating Twitter's 284 million active users.
Twitter added about 38 million users since March while Instagram boosted its count by 100 million.
"Over the past four years, what began as two friends with a dream has grown into a global community ," Kevin Systrom, Instagram CEO, was quoted as saying in media reports.
Instagram users share 70 million photos every day and it has a base of 30 billion photos. The website now has plans to launch verified badges for celebrities, brands and athletes, like Twitter, to increase its credibility.

RIL Names Former UK Judge as its Arbitrator in Gas Dispute: ReportAshiana Housing To Enter Chennai, Kolkata; Eyes Pune
New Delhi: Reliance Industries has named former UK judge Sir Bernard Rix as its arbitrator in the KG-D6 cost recovery dispute with the government in place of former Chief Justice of India S P Bharucha who quit last week.
RIL gave the name of Rix, who recently retired as Lord Justice of Appeal with 20 years' experience in the Commercial Court and the Court of Appeal, earlier this week, sources privy to the development said.
He will sit on a three-member arbitration panel headed by Supreme Court-appointed neutral arbitrator Michael Kirby, a former Judge of an Australian High Court, to decide if the government was right in disallowing over $2.3 billion of KG-D6 cost as output lagged targets.
The government has named former Chief Justice of India V N Khare as its arbitrator on the panel.
Sources said Bharucha recused himself from the arbitration after the government challenged his nomination saying that he had not disclosed all previous associations with RIL and that his arbitration could create doubts about his independence and impartiality.
The arbitration which dates back to November 2011 is yet to start as procedural issues were raised.
RIL had challenged the government notice to disallow cost through a Notice of Arbitration on November 23, 2011 saying the signed contract does not provide for output targets and there was no provision for disallowing any part of cost because of production not being in line with output guidance.
The government initially did not join the arbitration within the stipulated 30 days as provided under the Production Sharing Contract (PSC) but relented after RIL moved Supreme Court for appointment of the second arbitrator.
However, Justice (rtd) Bharucha and Justice (rtd) Khare failed to agree on the name of the third presiding arbitrator for 13 months and RIL again moved the Supreme Court on August 8, 2013.
Earlier this year, former Australian judge Michael Hudson McHugh was named as the presiding arbitrator but he withdrew after government counsel objected to his remaining on the panel after initially refusing to accept the appointment.
The Supreme Court in September appointed retired judge Michael Kirby of Australia as chairman of arbitral tribunal.
Sources said the government raised objection to Justice Bharucha after two and half years after his appointment.
RIL says it had made full disclosure of all previous dealings with its Arbitrator.
The company had filed a separate arbitration notice on May 9 over delays in approving revision in KG-D6 gas price.
For this arbitration, RIL named Sir David Steel and the government named Justice GS Singhvi as their arbitrators.
The two have failed to agree on a third arbitrator and RIL has filed a petition in the Supreme Court seeking such appointment.
Story first published on: December 11, 2014 16:34 (IST)

DBS Revises Down GDP Forecast to 5.6% in FY15You are here: Home Economy
DBS Revises Down GDP Forecast to 5.6% in FY15
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 11, 2014 19:54 (IST)
Arun Jaitley Resolves to Encourage Public, Private Investment in 2015
New Delhi: Singaporean lender DBS has revised down its FY15 GDP growth forecast for India on slower investment and manufacturing, but said the country is entering a 'sweet spot' over the next two or three years to lift the potential growth rate back to 7 per cent.
According to the global financial services major, while the recovery process is proceeding, there has been slower progress in terms of investments and manufacturing in the first half of the current financial year.
Slower investment and manufacturing is expected to impact second half performance as well, which "accompanied by lower government spending and weaker net exports, put our FY15 and FY16 forecast at risk," DBS said in a research note.
The GDP growth in the second quarter of this fiscal slowed marginally to 5.3 per cent, lower than the 5.7 per cent target in first quarter.
"With first half GDP growth slower than our base case and dampening forces in the second half, we temper our FY15 GDP estimate to 5.6 per cent from 6.1 per cent previously," DBS said in a research note, adding that for FY16, there is likely to be a slight acceleration to 6.1 per cent.
The decline in second quarter GDP is mainly on account of subdued performance of agriculture sector as its growth rate slipped to 3.2 per cent in second quarter from 5 per cent in the corresponding period last fiscal.
Similarly, manufacturing sector growth rate declined to 0.1 per cent during July-September quarter from 1.3 per cent a year ago.
DBS has revised FY16 GDP forecast to 6.1 per cent from 6.5 per cent previously.
The report, however, said that "nonetheless, the economy is in the cusp of a cyclical recovery, with a structural boost over the next two or three years to lift potential growth back to 7 per cent."
On inflation, the report said it will ease towards 6 per cent in FY16, closer to the RBI target. October CPI inflation slowed to 5.5 per cent on a year-on-year basis and is likely to slip below 5 per cent in November.
"Passage of base effects thereafter will lift inflation back towards 6 per cent after December before settling within 5.5 per cent to 6.5 per cent into next year," the report added.
Story first published on: December 11, 2014 19:52 (IST)

Oil Closes Below $60  1st Time Since July 2009Welcome to 2015. What just happened? Where did 2014 go? Television personalities Ryan Seacrest and Jenny McCarthy...
John Locher/AP Photo

New United Tech chief sees poor 2015New United Tech chief delivers 2015 warning
Robert Wright in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a952db50-818e-11e4-b956-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

City Insider: Welby vs Wonga© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/10188c6a-8151-11e4-b956-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Leighton sells John Holland to China SoELeighton sells John Holland to China SoE
Jamie Smyth in Sydney and Tom Mitchell in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/19e96926-8197-11e4-a493-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

RBI to discuss timeline for 2-6% inflation with govtManoj Kumar and Neha Dasgupta     New Delhi/Mumbai   Last Updated: December 12, 2014  | 12:05 IST
Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan (Photo: Reuters)
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Raghuram Rajan said on Friday that the central bank will begin talks with the government for an "appropriate timeline" to ensure the economy is within a medium-term inflation target of 2-6 per cent.
"Going forward, we will discuss an appropriate timeline with the government in which the economy should move to the centre of the medium-term inflation band of 2-6 (per cent)," Rajan said in a lecture at an industry event.
The RBI governor added that 'a glide path' towards lowering inflation to those levels worked best for the country by ensuring moderate economic growth .
Rajan also proposed a debate on whether the country needed more institutions "to ensure deficits stay within control and the quality of budgets is high", noting that other countries had independent bodies, which provided opinions on fiscal Budgets.
(Reuters)

Sakshi Maharaj expresses regret in Lok Sabha over Nathuram Godse remarksA united opposition today forced Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) member Sakshi Maharaj to express regret in Lok Sabha and withdraw his remarks terming Mahatma Gandhi’s assassin Nathuram Godse a patriot.
Congress President Sonia Gandhi joined opposition members in raising slogans against the government and the BJP member.
Soon after Speaker Sumitra Mahajan referred to the December 13, 2001 Parliament attack, members from Congress and RJD referred to the BJP MP’s controversial remarks.
When the Speaker informed that she has rejected notices on adjournment motion and suspension of Question Hour to take up the issue, opposition members from Congress, RJD, TMC and Left trooped into the Well raising slogans against the government and Sakshi Maharaj, who was present.
Amid slogans like ‘Hey Ram, hey Ram; Gandhi ke hatyare ko diya samman’ (eulogising Gandhi’s killer) and ‘doshi sarkar hai hai’ (down with the guilty government), the House took up Question Hour.
As the pandemonium continued, Mahajan adjourned the House for 10 minutes up to 11.25 AM.
As soon as the House reassembled, Parliamentary Affairs Minister M Venkaiah Naidu said nobody can accept eulogising the assassin of Mahatma Gandhi. He said the government and the BJP do not agree with the proposition of the MP.
When Congress members said they were not satisfied with the Minister’s reply, Naidu shot back saying there are people who are “killing” the ideology of the Mahatma every day.
He said the opposition has no issue to raise still it is not allowing the House to function.
Disapproving the disruption, Mahajan said from tomorrow she will set aside the first five minutes for apologies.
Sakshi Maharaj rose to make a statement and said he respects the Mahatma and the House. “I withdraw my remarks. But my friends have no issue…Godse killed Gandhi long back but you killed the Mahatma’s ideology in 1984 during anti-Sikh riots,” he said.
As Congress members opposed his remarks, the BJP member said he expresses “regret” and “withdraws” his remarks.
As Opposition members shouted slogans in the Well, Sonia Gandhi was seen directing her party’s MPs. From her seat in the front bench, she also joined them in raising slogans.
Leader of Congress party Mallikarjun Kharge said the opposition will not allow the government to have its way just because it has majority.
As the din continued, Naidu said the member has already withdrawn his remarks and the government and the party disassociate and condemn such statements.
He said Gandhi never threatened anyone and went by rules and the Opposition was going against his teachings.
At the prodding of the Speaker, Sakshi Maharaj rose again to withdraw his remarks and “express regret before the House and the country.”
The proceedings were observed by a Pakistani delegation of legislators, who were seated in the Speaker’s Gallery.
Post Comments
More from miscellaneous

Govt caps prices of 52 more  essential  drugsGovt caps prices of 52 more 'essential' drugs
Reuters | Mumbai Dec 12, 2014 01:35 PM IST
The government has capped the prices of 52 more drugs, including painkillers and antibiotics, the pricing authority said in a notice.
The additional drugs join a list of nearly 400 essential medicines that have so far been placed under price control in India, where a majority of the people live on under $2 a day and health insurance is scarce.
The new drugs to come under price control include commonly-used antibiotics and painkillers as well as medicines used for treating cancer and skin disorders, a notice on the National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (NPPA) website said.
Companies including Lupin Ltd, Cadila Healthcare Ltd and Merck Ltd - the Indian arm of the US firm Merck & Co Inc - are among those selling drugs mentioned in the latest notice, the authority said.
Cadila and Lupin did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Merck's India unit was not immediately reachable.

Lingaa hits across 3 000 screens worldwideRajini's Lingaa hits 4,000 screens worldwide
T E Narasimhan | Chennai Dec 12, 2014 08:48 PM IST
The much-awaited Rajinikanth’s Lingaa was released in more than 3,000 screens in India and over 1,000 screens worldwide as fans made serpentine queues in front of theatres to watch the ‘social-period’ drama.
According to industry sources, the bilingual (Tamil and Telugu) film, made with a budget of Rs 110 crore by producer Rockline Venkatesh, has been sold to Eros International for around Rs 130 crore worldwide, besides selling its broadcasting rights for Rs 80 crore, thereby making a profit of Rs 90 crore much before the movie was launched.
Trade experts are betting on whether the action-drama flick will be able to break the Endhiran and Kathi opening day collections at the Tamil Nadu Box Office. According to reports, Endhiran minted around Rs 11 crore on the first day in Tamil Nadu, while Vijay-starrer Kathi raked in around Rs 12.5 crore, which is currently the highest grossing Tamil film of 2014. Lingaa is expected to break that record, they said.
When contacted, Rockline Venkatesh did not reply, while Eros International officials did not respond to an email sent seeking details till the time of going to press.
Directed by KS Ravi Kumar, Lingaa has Rajinikanth, Anushka Shetty and Sonakshi Sinha in lead roles. AR Rahman has composed the music, while Rathnavelu has handled the cinematography.
The movie was released on Rajinikanth’s 64th birthday, hence the excitement has doubled for Rajini fans. His posters were anointed with milk early this morning - a ritual that is followed religiously — and processions were also carried out. Lingaa is also special because it is the first live action film, after four years, that Rajinikanth features in after Endhiran.
Meanwhile, the Madras High Court bench in Madurai on Thursday permitted the producer to release the movie on Friday on condition that he should deposit Rs 5 crore, besides providing a bank guarantee for an equal sum to the credit of the Registrar (Administration) of the bench.
A division bench of Justice V Dhanapalan and Justice V M Velumani ordered that the movie be released by 1 am, Friday, if the producer could deposit Rs 3 crore in the bank account of the Registrar through online transfer by Thursday evening. The rest of the money as well as the bank guarantee could be handed over by Monday.

China dating app jump despite graft claimsChinese dating app surges on debut despite corruption claims
Sarah Mishkin in San Francisco and Charles Clover in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c72dec8e-81af-11e4-b956-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Company to set up Food Park in Bihar: JVL AgroWatch the interview of Adarsh Jhunjhunwala, Director of  JVL Agro Industries with Ekta Batra & Reema Tendulkar on CNBC-TV18, in which he spoke about the business outlook of the company.
JVL Agro Ind stock price
On January 02, 2015, JVL Agro Industries closed at Rs 21.40, up Rs 0.10, or 0.47 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 23.95 and the 52-week low was Rs 8.75.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 4.33 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 4.94. The latest book value of the company is Rs 27.76 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 0.77.
RELATED NEWS

Sensex falls 251 pts  Nifty ends below 8250; oil & gas dragsDec 12, 2014, 03.41 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex falls 251pts, Nifty ends below 8250; oil & gas drags
The BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices declined 0.5 percent each. About 1031 shares have advanced, 1716 shares declined, and 106 shares are unchanged on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex falls 251pts, Nifty ends below 8250; oil & gas drags
The BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices declined 0.5 percent each. About 1031 shares have advanced, 1716 shares declined, and 106 shares are unchanged on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
Post your opinion here
Moneycontrol Bureau
03:30 pm Market close
The market ended lower dragged mostly by infra and oil & gas stocks. The Sensex ended down 251.33 points or 0.9 percent at 27350.68 and the Nifty was down 68.80 points or 0.8 percent at 8224.10.
About 931 shares advanced, 1982 shares declined and 102 shares were unchanged.
Maruti, Infosys, Sun Pharma, Bharti Airtel and HUL were top gainers in the Sensex. Among the gainers were GAIL, Tata Steel, Sesa Sterlite, ONGC and BHEL.
03:15 pm Recapitalisation for SpiceJet
Troubled airline SpiceJet is looking to seek time till January for recapitalisation plan, sources tell CNBC-TV18.
The company is expected to come up with a recapitalisation plan and submit it by December 15. The management is learnt to have met investors in the US and Middle East. However, the investors are said to be concerned about the regulatory hurdle and growth prospects in the aviation sector.
The promoters, Marans, are unwilling to sell their complete 53.4 percent stake. They are looking to raise at least Rs 1,200 crore via sale and in case an investor backs out, they have may pump in the additional capital themselves.
03:00pm IEA cuts 2015 oil demand estimates
International Energy Agency (IEA) has cut 2015 oil demand growth estimates by 2.3 lakh barrels oil per day (bpd) to 9 lakh bpd following sharp fall in crude oil prices. It is the fourth time cut in oil demand in last 5 months.
According to IEA, oil price rout will not hit production.
Brent crude hit a five-and-half-year low of USD 63 a barrel on a supply glut, down 1 percent compared to previous trading session and down 45 percent compared to USD 115 a barrel level in June.
Meanwhile, on December 10, Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) also had cut 2015 world oil demand growth forecast by 70,000 bpd to 1.12 million bpd.
Even it reduced forecast of 2015 demand for its crude by 280,000 bpd to 28.92 million bpd due to slower global demand and higher non-OPEC supply. However, it raised forecast for 2015 non-OPEC supply growth by 120,000 bpd to 1.36 million bpd.
OPEC said if current oil price fall continued over a longer period, that will impact non-OPEC supply in 2015.
Saudi Arabia told OPEC that it trimmed crude production in November by 80,000 bpd to 9.61 million bpd.
02:55pm Finance Minister says
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley says the government will introduce Goods & Services Tax bill in next session of parliament. "We will try to pass Insurance Amendment Bill next week. In fact, we are working overtime to push reforms in Insurance, Coal Bill," he adds.
India needs series of reforms for economic growth. He expects economy to grow 6-6.5 percent next fiscal (FY16).
02:45pm Market Check
Equity benchmarks slid further with the Sensex shedding 242.30 points to 27359.71 and the Nifty falling 64.45 points to 8228.45 due to profit booking in oil & gas, capital goods, metals, financials and auto stocks.
About 931 shares have advanced, 1878 shares declined, and 102 shares are unchanged.
02:35pm Pharma drugs
India has capped the prices of 52 more drugs, including painkillers and antibiotics, the pricing authority said in a notice.
The additional drugs join a list of nearly 400 essential medicines that have so far been placed under price control in India, where a majority of the people live on under USD 2 a day and health insurance is scarce.
The new drugs to come under price control include commonly-used antibiotics and painkillers as well as medicines used for treating cancer and skin disorders, a notice on the National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (NPPA) website said, reports Reuters.
02:25pm Watch out for CPI data
Kotak Mahindra Bank expects November CPI in the range of 4.2-4.3 percent as the “core hasn’t changed much in the downside” and October IIP at 1.5 percent. Both numbers will be announced later in the day today.
Inflation based on consumer price index (CPI) for November is expected to soften further led by favorable base. A CNBC-TV18 poll of analysts estimates the inflation to come in at 4.4 percent as against 5.5 percent on a month-on-month basis.
According to estimates, on a sectoral basis the biggest decline will be led by food, beverage and tobacco inflation, which constitute 50 percent of CPI. Even fuel inflation is expected to continue softening.
Meanwhile, the index for industrial output (IIP) for the month of October is seen at 2.1 percent against 2.5 percent on a month-on-month basis.
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Indranil Pan, Chief Economist at Kotak Mahindra Bank, said he sees a rate cut from RBI in Q1CY15 and expects rupee to touch 63 against dollar by March-end.
02:00pm Market Check
The market extended fall in afternoon trade with the Sensex losing 158.69 points to 27443.32 and the Nifty slipping 42.10 points to 8250.80 weighed by profit booking in oil & gas, capital goods, banking & financials and metals stocks.
This has turned out to be a week of profit booking with the Nifty shedding 3.5 percent for the week at current reckoning.
The BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices declined 0.5 percent each. About 1031 shares have advanced, 1716 shares declined, and 106 shares are unchanged on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
 
Raamdeo Agarwal of Motilal Oswal says the Indian markets have risen 100 times in the last 30 years and there is nothing stopping India from seeing exponential growth in the next 25 years. He advises holding onto quality names as quality and growth together will lead to exponential gains.
Gail topped the selling list in the Sensex, falling nearly 6 percent on slump in crude oil prices. Shares of TCS, Reliance Industries, ONGC, HDFC, Tata Steel, Sesa Sterlite, BHEL, Hindalco, M&M and Axis Bank declined 1-3 percent. However, Infosys, Sun Pharma, Bharti Airtel, HUL, ITC, Maruti, Hero Motocorp and Coal India gained 0.2-1.3 percent.
Global markets are a mixed bag today. European markets like CAC and DAX fell more than 1 percent while in the commodity space, Brent crude hit a five-and-half-year low of USD 63 a barrel on a supply glut. The sentiment was dampened in Asia after Chinese industrial output hit 3-month low of 7.2 percent.
Meanwhile, the government sources indicated most issues with regard to Goods and Service Tax (GST) is likely to be resolved within a week. Expectations are that GST Constitutional Amedment Bill could be tabled in the winter session of the parliament.
13:00

Amit Shah links Burdwan blast accused to Trinamool CongressPrint
"If Mamataji feels it is CBI's mischief, she should say that those arrested are innocent...If CBI is doing a political probe, let Mamataji just say in public that those arrested people are innocent," Shah said speaking at 'Agenda Aaj Tak'. (Source: Express photo)
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 12, 2014 4:04 pm
Unfazed by the controversy over his earlier remarks, BJP President Amit Shah on Friday linked the Burdwan blast accused to Trinamool Congress and challenged the party chief Mamata Banerjee to say they are innocent.
“The accused in the Saradha scam and Burdwan blast are linked to TMC. The owner of the house where Burdwan blast took place is linked to TMC. The Sharada chit fund scam accused are also linked to TMC and many people including MPs have been arrested.”
“If Mamataji feels it is CBI’s mischief, she should say that those arrested are innocent…If CBI is doing a political probe, let Mamataji just say in public that those arrested people are innocent,” Shah said speaking at ‘Agenda Aaj Tak’.
The BJP chief said he is a public leader and has made an allegation against the West Bengal Chief Minister’s party and it was upto her to come out and clarify on them.
“I have made an accusation against Mamata’s party and to come clear on that is Mamata’s work,” he said. He also said BJP would never use CBI as a tool to meet its political ends which the Congress was doing all along, starting from the time of Indira Gandhi upto those of Manmohan Singh and Sonia Gandhi.
While addressing a rally in Kolkata on November 30, Shah had accused Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee of creating hurdles for a proper NIA probe into the Burdwan blast to shield her party leaders allegedly involved in the incident. He also alleged that Saradha chit fund money was used in the October 2 Burdwan blast.
However, Minister of State in PMO Jitendra Singh, had in a written reply in Parliament, said CBI investigations have so far not revealed that Saradha chit fund money was used to finance terror in Bangladesh, contradicting BJP Chief Amit Shah’s allegation of such a connection.

Karnataka Speaker bans mobile phones in AssemblyBelagavi (KTK), December 12, 2014
Updated: December 13, 2014 18:30 IST
Karnataka Speaker bans mobile phones in Assembly
PTI
Karnataka Assembly in session. File photo
VIDEO
state politics
BJP member Prabhu Chavan was watching a zoomed in picture of Priyanka Gandhi during proceedings on Thursday.
Use of mobile phones in the Karnataka Assembly was banned on Friday, a day after the House was rocked by chaos over a BJP member watching a zoomed in picture of Priyanka Gandhi during proceedings.
Speaker Kagodu Thimappa suspended Prabhu Chavan said: “I hereby pronounce that the use of mobile phones in the state assembly is banned. Since Prabhu Chavan was watching a picture in an indecent manner, he is herewith suspended for a day from attending house proceedings.
The Assembly proceedings were paralysed yesterday amid chaos over the BJP MLA’s conduct, with ruling Congress members on the offensive demanding action against the legislator.
Mr. Thimappa also announced formation of legislature ethics committee, which will help mould the personality of legislators, monitor their behaviour in the House and legislative capabilities and enhance the dignity, decorum and prestige of the Assembly.
“Already a legislature ethics committee has been formed in the Upper House, but has not met even once. However, such a committee also will be constituted in the lower house,” he added.

Icrisat D-G William Dar to retireIcrisat D-G William Dar to retire
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, Dec 12:  
William D Dar, Director-General of International Crops Research Institute for Semi-Arid Tropics (ICRISAT), will retire on December 31.
He was Director-General of Icrisat for 15 years (completing three five-year terms).
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

HDFC launches electronic will writing service  e-WillHDFC launches electronic will writing service 'e-Will'
Virendra Singh Rawat | Lucknow Dec 12, 2014 03:20 PM IST
HDFC Securities today launched a unique electronic will writing service 'e-Will' in India. The company has launched the service in collaboration with its legal partner WillJini.
The service claims to assist individuals write their personal e-Will online without making any personal visits or phone calls. This do-it-yourself service is automatic and is not prepared or vetted by an advisor.
In a video conference call here, HDFC Securities MD & CEO Aseem Dhru said e-Will was 100% confidential, tenable and legally compliant as stamp paper or registration was not mandatory in India.
An HDFC Bank customer could prepare an e-Will by registering on HDFC Securities website. The individual has to give a list of assets and to whom one wishes to bequeath them to. e-Will would be charged at Rs 4,000 plus 12.25% taxes.
The prepared e-Will is printed and retained by the customer after getting the witnesses sign the document for its authenticity.
Commenting on the confidentiality of e-Will, he said the company does not store any record and all records are subsequently wiped off from its server.
Dhru said there was little awareness amongst people regarding preparing wills in their lifetime and it spanned not only smaller towns but even the metro cities.
"It is a big challenge for us to create awareness about this produce and we are starting today. It is a long term business opportunity but we are confident," he underlined.
HDFC Bank and HDFC Securities have a customer base of nearly 29 million and 1.7 million respectively. Dhru said while it was the first of its kind service being launched in the country, similar products had long been available in the developed economies.

Retail inflation likely fell to record low in November:PollBy: Reuters |
Posted: December 12, 2014 4:47 pm
Indian consumer inflation probably fell to a record low in November, dragged down by falling food and fuel prices, while growth in core industries nudged factory output up in October, a Reuters poll showed.
The latest survey of 36 economists forecast that retail inflation cooled to an annual rate of 4.50 percent from October’s 5.52 percent.
That would make it the lowest since the government started releasing the data in 2012. Official retail inflation data will be released on Friday.
Wholesale price inflation was forecast to slow to 1.41 percent in November from 1.77 percent in October, making a new five-year low. The data will be released on Dec. 15.
“Continued steep declines in food and fuel prices, as well as subdued core pressures, mean that consumer price inflation is likely to have dropped to a record low in November,” wrote Shilan Shah, Capital Economics’ India economist, in a note.
While expecting some acceleration in inflation during coming months, partly due to the unwinding of a favourable base effect, the Reserve Bank of India raised hopes at a policy review last week that it would cut interest rates once it becomes more sure that inflationary pressures are waning.
The Reuters poll also forecast that production at India’s factories, mines and utilities rose an annual 2.80 percent in October compared to 2.50 percent in September.
Data last week showed annual infrastructure output, which accounts for more than a third of overall factory production, accelerated to a four-month high of 6.3 percent in October.
The uptrend in industrial production will probably continue, according to a private survey earlier this month which showed strong demand meant factory activity expanded at its fastest pace in nearly two years in November.
The positive data suggests the economy may be gaining momentum after losing some steam in the July-September quarter.
“A recovery is certainly underway. Its sustainability depends critically on the continued efforts by the government to resolve the issues surrounding stalled projects,” said Rupa Rege Nitsure, chief economist at Bank of Baroda.

Men really are bigger idiots than women  finds tongue-in-cheek studyIn a new study, scientists have found evidence supporting the theory that men are idiots.
According to a study, men are idiots, who do stupid things, like brag. (Shutterstock)
Because there was not much known about sex differences in idiotic risk taking behaviour, the researchers in north east England decided to test male idiot theory (MIT), that many of the differences in risk seeking behaviour may be explained by the observation that men are idiots and idiots do stupid things.
They reviewed data on idiotic behaviours demonstrated by winners of the Darwin Award over a 20 year period (1995 to 2014), noting the sex of the winner. To qualify, nominees must improve the gene pool by eliminating themselves from the human race using astonishingly stupid methods.
Worthy candidates included a man stealing a ride home by hitching a shopping trolley to the back of a train, only to be dragged two miles to his death before the train was able to stop; and the terrorist who had posted a letter bomb with insufficient postage stamps and who, on its return, unthinkingly opened his own letter.
Of the 413 Darwin Award nominations, 332 were independently verified and confirmed by the Darwin Awards Committee. Of these, 14 were shared by male and female nominees - usually overly adventurous couples in compromising positions - leaving 318 valid cases for statistical testing.
Of these 318 cases, 282 Darwin Awards were awarded to males, and just 36 awards given to females. Males thus made up 88.7% of Darwin Award winners, and this sex difference was highly statistically significant, say the authors.
The finding is entirely consistent with male idiot theory (MIT) and supports the hypothesis that men are idiots and idiots do stupid things, and the authors said that it was puzzling that males were willing to take such unnecessary risks - simply as a rite of passage, in pursuit of male social esteem, or solely in exchange for bragging rights.

Irrigation scam: Fadnavis orders probe against top NCP leadersComments
In trouble for Maharashtra's former deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar and top NCP leaders Sunil Tatkare and Chhagan Bhujbal, chief minister Devendra Fadnavis on Friday gave a go-ahead for probe against them in an alleged corruption case.
The state's anti-corruption bureau has been asked to institute 'open inquiries' against Pawar and state NCP president Sunil Tatkare in connection with alleged corruption and irregularities in execution of various irrigation projects during their tenure as water resource ministers.
The CM also gave his approval to ACB's proposal to conduct an open inquiry into allegations of corruption and favouritism against former public works department minister Chhagan Bhujbal in construction of Maharashtra Sadan in New Delhi and two other government buildings in Mumbai built under Private Public Partnership.
The government has also ordered probe against irrigation department officials and contractors responsible for alleged irregularities.
"I have been authorised by chief minister of maharashtra to state that he has cleared open inquiries by ACB against Ajit Pawar, Sunil Tatkare and Chhagan Bhujbal," advocate general Sunil Manohar told the Nagpur bench of the Bombay high court.
Manohar said Fadnavis had asked the ACB to go ahead with probe against the three top NCP leaders in the alleged scams in which several thousand crores of rupees were siphoned off with the connivance of greedy contractors and pliant officials.
A division bench of the court comprising justice Bhushan Gavai and justice VM Deshpande recorded his statement and disposed of PILs demanding investigation.
"When big-wigs are being probed along with officials and contractors, there is no point in keeping these petitions pending," the court observed while making it clear that petitioners can always approach it again, if they are not satisfied with the inquiry.

Uber rape case elicits vow from Delhi top copCommuter rage, arson after suburban train services disrupted
In the aftermath of the Uber rape case, police and transport department are working together to frame a foolproof system that will ensure that no person with criminal antecedents gets a licence, the Delhi Police chief said today.
The cabbie, identified as Shiv Kumar Yadav, who had allegedly raped a 27-year-old finance company executive in an Uber cab last week, had submitted a fake character certificate from police to Regional Transport Office (RTO) to get an All India Permit for his car.
“As far as this verification certificate is concerned, that is definitely a fake certificate,” Delhi Police Commissioner B S Bassi told NDTV in an interview.
He further said that availability of such certificates is a matter of concern and that is why they are ensuring a very professional investigation of this particular case to prevent such occurrences in future.
“We are in regular touch with the Transport Commissioner. We have extremely good liaison with them and we are going to work out a new system that no person with criminal antecedents gets any licence,” said Bassi.
The police chief also clarified that the role of police is only limited to verification of an individual and the licence is issued by the Transport Department.
“As far as licensing is concerned, licences are issued by Transport Commissioner. The rules in this regard are made under the Motor Vehicle Act and various rules and regulations are formed by the Transport Commissioner.
“As far as we are concerned, wherever verification is required, we come into picture. There are certain systems that we follow to ensure that no person with criminal background gets a character verification certificate,” he said.
Police had registered a separate FIR against Yadav in this connection at Burari Police Station and an agent of a finance company, who allegedly helped him procure the fake character certificate, was detained.
The 32-year-old cab driver, during interrogation, had told the police that he got the fake character certificate, issued in the name of an Additional DCP of Delhi Police, from a finance company agent.
The investigation so far has revealed that Yadav had bought the car in which the crime took place after taking a loan from the finance company.
The finance company provided individual car loan on the basis that he had an All India Tourist Permit so that he can pay back the loan by plying his car.
In fact, the official whose signature appeared on the forged character certificate was surprised to see when an image of the document was flashed on TV. He was posted in Mizoram around a year before the date mentioned on the forged document.
Post Comments
More from miscellaneous

Economy banks on Modi govt to regain its sheeneconomy banks on modi govt to regain its sheen
Simmest smartphone Oppo R5 coming at around Rs 25 000soonBy: Tech Desk | New Delhi |
Posted: December 12, 2014 4:57 pm | Updated: December 15, 2014 11:05 am
The Oppo R5 will be available in India soon. The smartphone is expected to be priced in the range of Rs 25,000 to Rs 30,000. The Oppo R5 has surpassed the Gionee Elife S5.1 smartphone which was listed in Guinness Book of World Records as the thinnest smartphone in the world at 5.1 mm. The R5 is so thin that it doesn’t have a regular 3.5 mm headphone port. Users will have to rely on their Bluetooth earphones or connect via an adapter.
The R5 runs on an octa-core Qualcomm MSM8939, and comes with a 5.2-inch AMOLED screen. It comes PI 2.0 Plus Flash Shot technology which delivers 50MP high-definition picture clarity. Built with steel and designed with a micro-arc frame, the R5 comes with the VOOC mini rapid charging system and claims a 30-minute charge will provide 75% battery, and a five-minute charge allows for a two-hour call.

New govt policy on representatives for arms purchase  blacklisting soon: ManoharParrikarBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 12, 2014 4:51 pm | Updated: December 12, 2014 5:08 pm
Resolving to end perennial delays in arms procurement, Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar on Friday said government will unveil a “clear-cut” policy next month on engaging “representatives” for arms purchase and announce fresh norms to blacklist erring firms.
Promising a raft of steps to speed up military procurement, Parrikar said blacklisting of defence suppliers to root out corruption was not the only solution and indicated going for heavy penalties against erring firms.
“We should be in a position to have a very clear cut policy by January on representatives and on blacklisting. What does blacklisting mean. How far we can take it forward,” Parrikar said.
India’s military procurements have been dogged by long delays and allegations of graft and many defence experts had suggested legalising “agents” for speedy purchase of military hardware.
On having “representatives”, he said they should have a very clear agreement with the Defence Ministry on their fees and there should be provisions of heavy penalty on violators.
The former Goa Chief Minister said having “representative” with a very clear method of payment and fees was a better solution to the defence forces than delaying the procurement procedures.
“There should be a very clear agreement deposited with the Defence Ministry in advance. Very heavy penalty (should be imposed) if you violate that,” he said addressing Aaj Tak Agenda.
On issues like imposing penalty, he was quick to add that it was his “loud thinking” and that final decision will be taken later.
Underlining the need for speeding up defence procurement, the Minister said the government was working on ensuring transparency and said delay in decision-making allows entry of more agents.
“Jitna delay in decision making, utna agents jada khush ho jata hei (The agents are happier if there are more delays in decision-making),” he said.
Observing that blacklisting was not the only solution, the Defence Minister said Italian defence multinational Finmeccanica, which was blacklisted, has so many subsidiaries and wondered was it viable not to buy arms from any one of them.
Expressing concern over death of army personnel in various accidents, Parrikar said he will not allow any carelessness.
“Give me sometime I will establish accountability. I cannot lose soldiers while loading the gun. Definitely no.”
Asked whether the last 10 years were a lost decade in terms of modernisation of armed forces, he said, “It was a lost decade for defence forces but it was gain decade for many others.”
On his predecessor A K Antony, Parrikar, who is an IIT graduate, said, “There is no solution only by remaining honest.
“I agree that Antony may have a clean image that does mean the reflection of cleanliness in the actual procurement.

Sensex sees worst weekly fall in 3 years: 5 reasons | Oil sinks to over 5-year lowYou are here: Home > Collections > China
Top five factors why Sensex is under pressure
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 12, 2014, 04.14PM IST
Tags:
BSE
(The weakness in markets…)
MUMBAI: After hitting an all-time high late last month, the S&P BSE Sensex now seems to have run out of steam.
The index has seen a massive correction of over 1,226 points or 4.29 per cent in just seven trading sessions. The weakness is expected to continue for some more time and the benchmarks may slip further in the coming sessions.
On Friday, the broader NSE index closed down 0.83 per cent at 8,224.1. For the week it lost 3.7 per cent for its worst weekly performance since mid-July.
The benchmark Sensex slumped by 251.33 points to end at 27,350.68 and logged its worst weekly drop in three years.
Following are the factors that are impacting the Indian markets:
Slowdown in China: The concern of a slowdown in China is making global investors nervous as its growth slowed down in November. China's factory output grew slower-than-expected at 7.2 per cent in November as against 7.7 per cent in October. Investment expansion slipped near the 13-year low. Last month the People's Bank of China unexpectedly lowered rates in order to boost growth. It seems to have a little impact on growth and the recent data is likely to push policymakers to announce more stimulus measures.
Investors are worried that China's annual growth may weaken from 7.3 per cent in the third quarter.
"The data bodes ill for GDP growth in the fourth quarter, which is bound to slow further," Dariusz Kowalczyk, senior economist at Credit Agricole CIB in Hong Kong, was quoted by Reuters as saying.
GST Bill in next session: The impasse between state governments and the Centre over the goods & services tax (GST) continues.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley will now introduce the GST Bill in the next session of Parliament, say reports.
This is likely to hurt investor sentiments, who have been hoping the Modi government to carry bold reforms. It's been six months since the new government has come to power and industrialists are already complaining behind closed doors about the lack of boldness in reform ideas, which they feel is resulting in a reluctance to commit fresh investments.
State finance ministers have rejected the draft GST Constitutional Amendment Bill. They said the provisions did not take into account their concerns, and staunchly opposed the move to include petroleum under the GST ambit. The states also said the bill does not address their concern on the issue of entry tax.
Macro economic data: Foreign institutional investors are keeping their positions light ahead of the macro economic data.
According to an ET Now Poll, CPI inflation for the month of November will hit fresh lows since the series started in January 2012. It is expected to cool down to 4.3 per cent vs 5.59 per cent in October.
Favorable base and easing vegetable prices are likely to help lower CPI.
However, Index of Industrial Production (IIP) is expected to continue to disappoint. As per ET Now poll estimates, IIP for the month of October is expected to be at 2.3 per cent vs 2.5 per cent in September.
Mining is expected to grow at 1.4 per cent against 0.7 per cent a month ago and manufacturing is likely to contract to 0.9 per cent from 2.5 per cent, MoM.
Technical levels: The market has corrected from its higher end of trading range and is close to support levels. It breached intermediate support of 8,300 intraday, making traders nervous.
"I will look at that 8,250-8,300 mark. As long as it does not break that, it is a buy on dips market. But once it cracks that 8250 level decisively, then we could see a much deeper cut and possibly then, I would wait for those lower levels for investment opportunities," said market expert Ambareesh Baliga to ET Now.
FIIs net sellers: Foreign institutional investors are in a risk-off mode following weakness in global markets . They are seen moving to safer havens such as US dollar. They have turned net sellers in Indian equities lately. They sold equities worth Rs 1,915 crore on Wednesday and were net sellers worth Rs 808 crore in the cash market on Thursday.
The S&P BSE Sensex closed at 27,350.68, down 251.33 points or 0.91 per cent. It touched an intraday low of 27,320.05 in trade today.
FEATURED ARTICLES

BlackBerry  Idea launch SIM-based licensing ...android
(With the new ESBL offering,…)
NEW DELHI: Canadian handset maker BlackBerry today said it has partnered telecom operator Idea Cellular to offer enhanced SIM-based licensing (ESBL) in India.
With the new ESBL offering, Idea Cellular customers will be able to integrate enterprise mobility management (EMM) services with their wireless monthly subscriber billing, BlackBerry said in a statement.
The ESBL offering will support iOS , Android , Windows Phone and BlackBerry 10, it added.
No financial details of the partnership were disclosed. Aimed at Indian enterprises, the offering will enable Idea Cellular to resell BlackBerry EMM services licensing as a bundled offer in a similar manner as MMS and SMS.
This will also enable Idea Cellular to offer a monthly billing model with daily proration, it said.
"With the new ESBL offering, Idea Cellular will become the one stop shop for the customers for devices, data plans, and software and services. This partnership will help us provide the enterprise segment with a differentiated, cost effective and seamless EMM solution," Idea Cellular Chief Marketing Officer Sashi Shankar said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Govt working overtime to push reforms: FM Ja...Arun Jaitley
("We are working overtime…)
NEW DELHI: Committing to push growth rate to 6-6.5 per cent in the next fiscal, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today said the government is "working overtime" to push reforms, especially, in sectors like insurance, coal and Goods and Services Tax (GST).
"We are working overtime on reforms...insurance bill will be taken up next week", the Minister said while speaking at a programme organised by television channel Aaj Tak.
The Minister further said that he sat late last evening with state Finance Ministers to sort out the issues hampering roll out of the long-pending GST.
"I will try to introduce the Constitution amendment bill for GST in the current session of Parliament so that it could be discussed and considered in the next session," he said, adding the bill to clear mess in the coal during UPA regime is being taken up by Parliament.
The government, Jaitley said, was hopeful of achieving an economic growth rate of 6-6.5 per cent in the next financial year and over 7 per cent thereafter.
Refuting the criticism that government has not taken any big-ticket reform measures in the last six months, the Minister said, they are not about "sensationalising things. One should see the big picture."
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, he added, announced the important decision of abolishing the Planning Commission, an institution which which became irrelevant after the introduction of the economic reforms in 1991.
He further said the government decontrolled diesel and would take more steps to streamline public expenditure and rationalise subsidies after receiving the report of the Expenditure Commission.
FEATURED ARTICLES

A tryst with RajinikanthUpdated: December 11, 2014 18:37 IST
A tryst with Rajinikanth
Karthik Subbaraj with actor Rajinikanth.
Special Arrangement
Actor Karunakaran with the superstar.
TOPICS
Tamil cinema
Karthik Subbaraj, Director
 I grew up in a house that adored thalaivar. There would be major discussions at home whenever a film of his was due for release, and we would manage to watch the film on the first day. I heard his voice live for the first time when he called me after watching Pizza. I was thrilled. But, I never got to meet him. Once I heard Karunakaran was part of Lingaa, I told him to somehow arrange for me to meet Thalaivar. The Jigarthanda team met him when he was shooting in Shimoga. It was a memorable meeting as he opened the door for us, sat and answered whatever we asked him. And, I got to meet him twice in two days! He was magnanimous enough to speak about my films, Pizza and Jigarthanda.”
Karunakaran, Actor
I remember going for the Enthiran premiere some years ago, when I was not yet an actor. There was a sudden rush, and I saw Thalaivar for the first time. He waved at everyone and disappeared. I never dreamt I would one day work in films, that too with him. My schedule for Lingaa with him was in Hyderabad; I remember how I was nervous and excited at the same time! I just hung around and kept peering at him from a distance. Then, K.S. Ravikumar sir introduced me to him. He patted me on the back and said, “Kaasu panam duddu money money…you lived the character. Super-a pannerkeenga.” He recalled my role in Soodhu Kavvum… That was enough for me to last a lifetime! On the sets of Lingaa, he was this incredibly fun-loving and warm person. He would ensure everyone was comfortable. It was cold and raining in Shimoga when we were shooting one day. “Kulurum. Go wear something warm,” he would say, like a family elder.

Did You Know: No profit in 5 yrs  yet Moryo s mcap surges 22 400%02:30 pm
Moryo Industries  has made no profit in the last 5 years but its market cap has surged 22,400 percent since July 2012
Did you know about a company that has made no profit in the last 5 years but its market cap has surged 22,400 percent since July 2012? Dazzled aren't you? Well Sebi has taken notice as well.
The name of the company is Moryo Industries. It was incorporated on April 5, 1988, as Cachar Metals but the name change came into effect from May 13, 1989.
Earlier, the company was into manufacturing metals but currently, as per their website, is engaged into finance, share trading and investments. One look at the stock price movement shows that from July 2012 it is up 5,650 percent; nearly 5,500 percent but the market cap has actually surged by nearly 22,000 percent.
The stock was at around Rs 9 in July 2012 and has jumped to Rs 260. So there is a movement of 5,500 percent. However, the market cap has surged nearly Rs 22,500 crore because there was huge expansion of equity base, the total number of shares outstanding which happened in the last two years.
In July 2012, the total number of shares of the company was only 19 lakh. Further in November 2012 it went to up to 82.5 lakh as there was allotment of preferential shares to some of the non-promoter entities and then they went for a stock split. Hence, the total number of shares outstanding as of now are 1.65 crore shares and the market cap has surged nearly 22,500 percent.
If you look at the share holding pattern right now, there is no promoter. Promoter holding is nil in this company. There are 69 corporate bodies who own 20 percent stake, 58 individuals owning 55 percent stake, 39 Hindu Undivided Family (HUF) owning 16.5 percent stake. So, less then 150 individuals and entities put together own nearly 95 percent of this equity. So, it is very closely held company within few people itself.
If you look at the financials, clearly there is no sense for the market cap that it deserves. In the last five years put together the total sales of the company is only Rs 16 crore; it hasn’t made any profit in the last five years. They have made a loss in FY14, a loss in FY13, nothing they did in FY12 and FY11 and FY10 also they did a loss. So, if you are looking out for financials, fundamentals there is nothing at all in the balance sheet, cash flows, P&L which you can find and which you can tell that the stock has moved 22,500 percent.
Menaka: Can there ever be anything in a balance sheet with the exception of let say digging to build a new building and finding a gold mine in those premises that could justify a 22,000 percent rise in a company stock price, even the best of companies, unless it is some crazy invention that you came about on right?
Varinder: These are the companies especially if you are talking about this company itself, as I said it was a market cap of Rs 2 crore something only two years back and from Rs 2 crore I really do not know what kind of asset expansion or capital expansion these companies can do which can take their market cap to as high as nearly Rs 240-250 crore. It may seem not great or high in terms of the total market cap right now but some of these guys who are less than 150 as I said they have been earning money or they have been doing whatever they have been doing in the last two years. 
Menaka: You know what surprises me is, it has no promoter. There is this random shareholding pattern that exists in this company. How is it that all of this is passing unnoticed or may be not because we do finally have Sebi waking up and doing something about this.
Varinder: I am very glad about that because Sebi last week, that was on Friday came out with an order on this company itself. However, what is puzzling me is I remember what happened with Kings Technology in US when US Federal Trade Commission came out with a order, the stock was down 90 percent in one single day. However, this stock yesterday I checked it was up 20 percent, today itself the stock was trading at green. 
I really don't know whether the investors, retail investors are taking notice of this or not but this is very serious. I will quote what Sebi came out with the order last week; they clearly said that, ‘Few individuals/entities mis-used the stock exchange system to generate fictitious long-term capital gains so as to convert their unaccounted income into an accounted one with no payment of taxes as long-term capital gains (LTCG) is tax exempt. The funds were brought into the company through preferential allotment and was invested in the shares of connected companies by way of loans to a group of companies connected with Moryo and for purposes other than that disclosed’. 
There is no way you can know that what that money was being used for. The preferential allotment route resulted in tax free ill-gotten gains to the tune of Rs 141 crore. So, this company with a market cap of Rs 240 crore, there was an ill-gotten gain of Rs 141 crore based upon the facts available on record. The whole modus operandi of raising money through preferential allotment, splitting the shares to increase liquidity and then providing exit to preferential allottees was a well-devised scheme to convert illegitimate money into legitimate money by misusing the stock exchange mechanism and they have barred 19 entities which are connected with this group from buying, selling or dealing in any securities till further notice.
RELATED NEWS

Powerful storm pounds West Coastpowerful storm pounds west coast
52 new drugs come under price control52 new drugs come under price control
Profit booking continues  Sensex falls 251 pts; oil weighsProfit booking continues  Sensex falls 251 pts; oil weighs
Madan Mitra had direct hand in Saradha scam: Left FrontMadan Mitra had direct hand in Saradha scam: Left Front
Honda Motorcycle introduces iconic Gold Wing in IndiaHonda Motorcycle introduces iconic Gold Wing in India
Coalscam:Madhu Koda  two ex-IAS officers  others chargesheetedCoalscam:Madhu Koda  two ex-IAS officers  others chargesheeted
TCS expects to exceed hiring target for FY15TCS expects to exceed hiring target for FY15
The ECB  demigods and eurozone QEDecember 7, 2014 5:39 pm
The ECB, demigods and eurozone quantitative easing
Wolfgang Münchau
The question is no longer whether it will happen but how it will work
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c90dd466-7bb4-11e4-a695-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Follow the Swiss to reserve policy successFollow the Swiss for reserve management success
John Plender
Carefully controlled diversification of central bank assets makes sense
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/32ee69ee-7f03-11e4-bd75-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rupee weakens by 5 paiseUpdated: December 9, 2014 18:17 IST
Rupee weakens by 5 paise
PTI
Tweet
The Hindu
The Indian rupee on Tuesday weakened by 5 paise to end at 61.88 against the Greenback on sustained demand for the American currency from importers amid a broader sell-off in equities. File photo
TOPICS
foreign exchange market
The Indian rupee on Tuesday weakened by 5 paise to end at 61.88 against the Greenback on sustained demand for the American currency from importers amid a broader sell-off in equities.
Widening current account deficit due to soaring gold imports mainly put pressure on Indian unit that fell for the second day, despite a weak dollar overseas.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex), the domestic unit commenced lower at 61.89 compared to overnight closing level of 61.83. It hovered in a wide range owing to volatile domestic stocks between 61.9175 and 61.8475 before concluding at 61.88, showing a loss of 5 paise, or 0.08 per cent.
“Robust capital inflows along with profit-taking in the U.S. currency after its recent rally some what cushioned the rupee sentiment,” a forex dealer said.
India’s current account deficit (CAD) widened to $10.1 billion or 2.1 per cent of gross domestic product in the second quarter of this fiscal, up from 1.2 per cent a year-ago primarily led by a steep rise in gold imports.
Deficit concerns were to some extent offset by foreign capital inflows against the backdrop of plunging global oil and commodity prices, traders said.
Meanwhile, equities plummeted for the third straight day with Sensex and Nifty sliding over 1 per cent spooked by a rout in global financial markets and growth concerns.
Foreign portfolio investors bought shares worth a massive Rs. 4,984.60 crore on Monday as per provisional data.
Benchmark Brent crude slipped to a five-year low, sliding below $66 a barrel on growing worries over a deepening supply glut.
The dollar index, which measures the Greenback against a basket of six major currencies, was down by 0.36 per cent.

Torture report provokes anti-US backlash© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1487356e-8055-11e4-872b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Japans voters see no alternative to AbeJapan’s voters see no alternative to Abe and his reflation plan
David Pilling, Asia Editor
Lack of enthusiasm for Abenomics aside, there is even less appetite to abandon it halfway through
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e5792840-7f8c-11e4-b4f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Senate accuses CIA of torture liesShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Senate accuses CIA of lies on its torture report
Dec 10, 2014 : The fiercely critical assessment has been the subject of a dispute, with the CIA disagreeing with many of its conclusions and some Republicans saying it would provide a propaganda triumph for terrorists. The FT's Geoff Dyer reports.

Gangnam Becomes Hot Spot for Korean StartupsThe Ohio State Buckeyes' upset victory over the University of Alabama's Crimson Tide Thursday was among the surprising...
Brian Blanco/Getty Images

Apple supplier Wintek closes China plantsApple supplier Wintek shutters China plants
Charles Clover in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9db2a0b0-810b-11e4-896c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Indira paid heavy price for Emergency: Pranabbooks and literature
In his book, “The Dramatic Decade: The Indira Gandhi Years”, Mr. Mukherjee also criticises Jayaprakash Narayan.
The 1975 Emergency was perhaps an “avoidable event” and Congress and Indira Gandhi had to pay a heavy price for this “misadventure” as suspension of fundamental rights and political activity, large scale arrests and press censorship adversely affected people, says President Pranab Mukherjee.
A junior minister under Gandhi in those turbulent times, Mr. Mukherjee however, is also unsparing of the opposition then under the leadership of the late Jayaprakash Narayan, JP, whose movement appeared to him to be “directionless”.
The President has penned his thoughts about the tumultuous period in India’s post-independence history in his book The Dramatic Decade: The Indira Gandhi Years that has just been released.
He discloses that Indira Gandhi was not aware of the Constitutional provisions allowing for declaration of Emergency that was imposed in 1975 and it was Siddartha Shankar Ray who led her into the decision.
Ironically, it was Ray, then Chief Minister of West Bengal, who also took a sharp about-turn on the authorship of the Emergency before the Shah Commission that went into `excesses’ during that period and disowned that decision, according to Mr. Mukherjee.
Mr. Mukherjee, who celebrated his 79th birthday today, says,``The Dramatic Decade is the first of a trilogy; this book covers the period between 1969 and 1980...I intent to deal with the period between 1980 and 1998 in volume II, and the period between 1998 and 2012, which marked the end of my active political career, in volume III.”
“At this point in the book, it will be sufficient to say here that many of us who were part of the Union Cabinet at that time (I was a junior minister) did not then understand its deep and far reaching impact.”
Mr. Mukherjee’s 321—page book covers chapters including the liberation of Bangladesh, JP’s offensive, the defeat in the 1977 elections, split in Congress and return to power in 1980 and after.
The President says there was no doubt that Emergency brought discipline in public life, a growing economy, controlled inflation, a reversed trade deficit for the first time, enhanced development expenditure and a crack down on tax evasion and smuggling but “it was perhaps an avoidable event".
“Suspension of fundamental rights and political activity (including trade union activity), large scale arrests of political leaders and activists, press censorship, and extending the life of legislatures by not conducting elections were some instances of Emergency adversely affecting the interests of the people. The Congress and Indira Gandhi had to pay a heavy price for this misadventure,” says Mr. Mukherjee.
Ray's suggestion
Recounting the dramatic moments leading to declaration of Emergency minutes before midnight of June 25, 1975, he says that it was the suggestion of Ray, then Chief Minister of West Bengal, and Indira Gandhi acted on it.
“Indira Gandhi told me subsequently that she was not even aware of the Constitutional provisions allowing for the declaration of a state of Emergency on grounds of internal disturbance particularly since a state of Emergency had already been proclaimed as a consequence of Indo—Pak conflict in 1971”, he says.
Ray, then member of CWC and Central Parliamentary Board, was one of the “most influential advisors” of Indira Gandhi with his views being sought on diverse issues.
“Siddhartha Babu had considerable influence over the decision making process of the organisation and administration...In matters relating to West Bengal, he was the decisive voice. So it was not surprising that he was privy to considerable information...,” the President said.
"You look pretty"
Interestingly, though not surprisingly, once it was declared, there were a whole host of people claiming authorship of idea of declaring the Emergency.
And, again not surprisingly, these very people took a sharp about—turn before the Shah Commission.
Not only did they disown their involvement, they pinned all the blame on Indira Gandhi pleading their own innocence.
Siddartha babu was no exception. Deposing before the Shah Commission, he ran into Indira Gandhi -- draped in a crimson sari that day -- in the Commission hall and tossed a sprightly remark: ‘You look pretty today’
’Despite your efforts,’ retorted a curt Indira Gandhi.
Terming the Shah Commission proceedings as “peculiar”, Mr. Mukherjee said,”Suffice it to say that it seemed that the Commission was collecting materials and information only to substantiate a pre—conceived conclusion.”
Mr. Mukherjee recalled that a number of ministers and bureaucrats deposed before the Commission blaming Indira Gandhi “alone” for the imposition of the Emergency with the Cabinet not being taken into confidence.
Giving details of the testimony of the then Home Minister Kasu Bramhananda Reddy before the Commission, the President said Reddy told the panel that he was called by the Prime Minister at 10.30 p.m. and was told that on account of deteriorating law and order situation, it was necessary to impose an internal Emergency.
According to Reddy, he told the Prime Minister that the powers already available under the existing Emergency could be availed of to deal with the situation but was overruled by Indira Gandhi saying internal Emergency was “considered necessary.”
“Bramhananda Reddy told the Commission that he then signed a letter to the President of the Republic and appended the draft proclamation of Emergency for the President’s assent with this letter. The Letter signed by Brahmananda Reddy was on a plain sheet of paper and not on the letter head of the Home Minister of India,” he said.
Jayaprakash Narayan's offensive
Referring to “Jayaprakash Narayan’s offensive”, the President recalls that a day after the Allahabad High Court judgement unseating Indira Gandhi from Lok Sabha membership, JP had thundered from Patna against Gandhi’s “failure” to bow to the High Court verdict and resign.
The opposition leaders also sat on dharna outside Rashtrapati Bhavan demanding resignation which went on for three days until the President returned from a trip in Kashmir, he says.
While the Congress party and its MPs rallied behind Gandhi, the opposition was determined “not to lose this opportunity“.
Justice V R Krishna Iyer of Supreme Court had given a conditional stay on the judgement of the Allahabad High Court judgement.
The opposition parties could have decided to wait for the final judgement of the Supreme Court which unanimously upheld the election from Rai Bareli. They did not even wait for the expiry of the period of the absolute stay of 20 days granted by the High Court and the conditional stay of Justice Iyer.
“Battle lines were drawn and both sides were geared up.
On June 25, 1975 JP addressed a massive rally at Ramlila Maidan, Delhi, at which he announced a programme of civil disobedience,” Mr. Mukherjee says.
JP repeated his exhortation to the police and the army to disobey ‘illegal’ orders, challenging Indira Gandhi to bring charges against him if she thought he was preaching treason.
He also asked the students to walk out of classrooms and into jails and suggested that Chief Justice of India A N Ray that it would not be in his personal interest to sit in the Bench which would hear Indira Gandhi’s appeal as he was obliged to her for his appointment.
JP’s histrionics clearly highlighted that opposition’s sole aim was to get Indira Gandhi to resign —— wanting her out even before the final decision of the Supreme Court.
“Restoration of the rule of law was then clearly not the issue, as it still prevailed in the country. The Prime Minister was entitled to continue in the office and she did so according to the law of the land. By behaving in this manner, the opposition was denying the Prime Minister the legal rights available to ordinary citizens of India.”
Not a moral issue
Mr. Mukherjee contends that Supreme Court permitted Gandhi to continue as Prime Minister and how could the opposition replace her when an overwhelming majority of Congress MPs backed her.
“How does the issue of morality at all arise when allegations causing Indira Gandhi to lose the Allahabad election suit were of a technical nature and no charges of moral turpitude could be established against her?,” asks the President.
A closer analysis of the situation provides the answer, the President says adding without a doubt, JP was spearheading the strategy of the opposition.
The fact that opposition parties accepted his leadership and joined his total revolution movement had little to do with ideological conviction. With no one among them to measure upto Indira Gandhi’s political charisma, they needed a moral authority to provide them strength. And who better than JP at this time?, says the President.
Though Mr. Mukherjee found JP to be far above petty political games and wanted to restore moral values in Indian politics who did not clamour for power or office, he could not support the movement.
“To me it appeared to be directionless. It was contradictory in that it was a movement fighting against corruption yet composed of people and parties whose integrity was not above board,” writes Mr.Mukherjee.
The opposition movement went on even after the arrest of a large number of political leaders and workers. Though the Press was censored during the Emergency hesitations, doubts and strident criticism were voiced through variety of other channels.
“The Emergency was a crucial phase in our parliamentary democracy. The declaration, its operation and, finally, its withdrawal had a profound impact on India’s political structure as I have mentioned earlier. Those who had been sceptical of a parliamentary democracy succeeding in India became gleeful at the thought that they had been proven correct.
“Those who had bought into the idea of democracy and were enchanted by the Constitution of India and the successful execution of electoral democracy since 1952 were rudely shocked,” he says.
From The Hindu Archives
With a single stroke of the President's pen, the largest democracy on earth was shoved down to the level of tin-pot dictatorships then so ubiquitous in the Third World. Indian democracy was "suspended" though not yet abolished. However, no one knew or could foresee what would follow. Read here
Unlearnt lessons of the Emergency - Subramanian Swamy Read here
Experiment with autocracy - Sashi Tharoor Read here
Indira Gandhi — 20 years on - Inder Malhotra Read here
Twenty-five years later - Pranay Gupte Read here
Kissinger Cables: Emergency was a move to shift towards U.S.-style democracy, Indira’s principal secretary told envoy Read here
The Kesavananda Bharati case, which was crucial in upholding the supremacy of the Constitution and preventing authoritarian rule by a single party, was the culmination of a conflict between the judiciary and the government, headed by Mrs. Gandhi. Read here
Kissinger Cables: Fernandes ‘sought CIA funding’ during Emergency Read here

Lending Club  peer position© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/5ac199b8-8148-11e4-b956-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Should You Stay or Should You Goreddit
I recently hit a major milestone in my career, 10 years at the same advertising agency. It's made me reflect on where I am in my career and why I'm still here. A tenure like mine is rare in the advertising industry. Over the years, other opportunities have come my way, but I've chosen to stay for reasons that I hope will inspire others as we finish 2014 and set goals for the year ahead.
Almost everyone has felt the pull and allure of a new job. If you're lucky, you've felt it numerous times. Considering new opportunities can open your eyes, but it can also make you realize just how happy you are in your current job. Maybe it helps you identify opportunities and realize you have an adventure ahead of you in your current role.
Often people feel the need to leave a job simply because leaving seems like the best overall career choice, not necessarily the best personal one. Departing could often bring more money, a bigger title or enticing perks. And they may all be good reasons for leaving. But what if you're content where you're working now? Should you let a shiny new object distract you? Or perhaps you're afraid of the perception that staying may convey.
Whatever your path, make sure you are excited to get out of bed each day and feel empowered to make a difference. If you don't, then consider the following as you evaluate new opportunities:
The Grass Isn't Always Greener, It's Just Different
We've all heard this before, because it's true. Don't expect rainbows and unicorns. Every job and company has its strengths and weaknesses. Make sure your next role affords you a path to stretch yourself.
More Money Doesn't Equal Happiness
If you're leaving, make sure it's not just for the dollar signs. Believe me, looking forward to going to work each day is priceless. Why leave a job where you're happy to go to the unknown that could lead to dissatisfaction? Too many of us are already overworked, exhausted and stressed out in unhappy jobs. In her book Thrive, Arianna Huffington outlines a number of scientific studies that confirm the profound negative effects that overwork, burnout and sleep deprivation have on practically every part of our mental and physical health and performance.
Adventures Can Happen Anywhere
You control your destiny and can change your course, even after years at the same company. Some people don't reach their full potential until they are at a company for a long time. Jenna Lyons became executive creative director and the driving force behind J.Crew's most recent success after putting in more than 20 years with the company. Considering a new role, exploring a different department or working with a new team has the potential to be just as exciting and informative in your current company as at a new one. Seek out these opportunities rather than waiting for them to come to you.
If You Stay, Are You Less Adventurous or Driven?
If you stay in a job for a long time, does it say something negative about you? Not if you're a productive and satisfied employee who is constantly challenging yourself with new experiences. It tells the world you've found your place.
Make A Change For Yourself, Not Others
Your happiness and personal growth can only be determined by you. If you choose to stay or leave, do it for yourself versus pressure from others. All that matters is that you feel challenged, valued and have the ability to truly make a difference.
Follow Christine Fruechte on Twitter: www.twitter.com/cfruechte
More:

Were terrifying kids in the name of protecting themBy Radley Balko December 11, 2014 Follow @radleybalko
Last month , a principal in Winter Haven, Fla., was suspended for allowing police to stage an unannounced “school shooting drill” in his school’s classrooms:
It took frightened teachers, students and parents all by surprise last week when armed officers swept through classrooms with guns drawn during the drill at Jewett Middle Academy Magnet School in Winter Haven.
Now, there’s fallout. Principal Jacquelyn Moore has been suspended and a school resource officer has been reassigned to road patrol. It sparked an internal investigation and changes to district policy.
Superintendent Kathryn Leroy is apologizing to students and parents for the scare at the school and claiming the principal used bad judgement, when allowing officers to use guns during the drill. Leroy promises it will never happen again.
Parents say it better not. “I have never requested an active shooter drill be performed with students present and officers having weapons in their hands,” says Leroy.
Leroy told school board members even she didn’t know that a school resource officer would draw his loaded pistol, and a patrol officer would be armed with an AR-15 during the unannounced lockdown drill at Jewett Academy.
It had students ducking for cover as if an active shooter was in the building. Parents were never notified.
That no one involved even considered the unnecessary terror the drill would inflict on students demonstrates just how ridiculous the panic over these shootings has become. And it isn’t just in Winter Haven. Consider this utter insanity in Troy, Mo.:
In a cramped, carpeted amphitheater in the basement of Troy Buchanan High School, 69 students are waiting to die.
“You’ll know when it pops off,” says Robert Bowen, the school’s campus police officer. “If you get engaged with one of the shooters, you’ll know it.”
“When you get shot, you need to close your fingers and keep ‘em in,” adds Tammy Kozinski, the drama teacher. “When the bad guy and the police come through, they’ll step all over you, and who will be saying they’re sorry?”
“Nobody!” the students cry in unison.
This isn’t a bizarre, premeditated mass murder or some twisted sacrifice led by a student cult. These are the 20 minutes preceding an active shooter drill, the 13th one Missouri’s Lincoln County school district has staged in the past year.
All but 69 students have gone home for the day on early dismissal. These volunteer victims, mostly culled from the school’s drama class, are outfitted in fake-bloody bullet wounds, still wet and dripping down their foreheads, necks and chests. Bowen tells them what to expect: They’ll see “bad guys with AR-15s” shooting blanks during a simulated “passing period”—the moments when one class ends and the other begins. PVC pipes will be dropped on the floor to approximate IEDs. Crystal Lanham, a baby-faced freshman with long, gently-crimped brown hair, receives the dubious honor of being chosen as one of the gunmen’s hostages. She’s thrilled.
“I just really wanna get shot,” she jokes. “Is that weird?”
Yes, it is. And it isn’t healthy. It’s twisted and obsessive. I mean, 13 times in one year? The odds of your average school seeing even one on-campus homicide is one in several thousand — never mind an actual mass shooting. Yet these drills are getting more common . In one Chicago school, officials fired blanks in the hallways , apparently to “make students and teachers familiar with the sound of gunfire.” When the parent of a third-grader complained about the intensity of an unannounced shooter drill in Cahokia, Ill., last year, the principal responded : “I’d much rather your children be a little bit scared and alive.” In another unannounced drill at a special-needs school in Harlem, a panicked faculty member called police . Browse the media write-ups of these stories and you’ll see children who volunteered as “victims” posing as corpses, complete with bullet holes in their heads and shirts soaked with blood. We’ve lost our minds.
In September, the Wall Street Journal reported on a rash of lawsuits from terrified victims of mass-shooter drills across the country, not just at schools but also at businesses and nursing homes. Some were announced, others were not. The paper reported that six states require such drills. At least four of those (Tennessee, Arkansas, Oklahoma and Missouri) have lax concealed-carry laws. What happens when someone who wasn’t in on the planning decides to stop one of these fake shooters?
As University of Virginia forensic clinical psychologist Dewey Cornell explained in a guest post here earlier this year , kids are 100 times more likely to be murdered outside of school than in. In fact, the school building is just about the safest place your kid can be. Even on the vanishingly rare chance that your kid were in the same building as a school shooter, most of these incidents are over well before police arrive. So it isn’t at all clear that “drilling” this way will save lives. Subjecting kids to psychological trauma may make school officials feel superficially better about their “preparedness,” but it doesn’t make kids any safer and probably does some damage.
One of the other lonely voices of reason in this discussion is James Alan Fox, a scholar at Northeast University. Writing in USA Today , Fox stresses that although these incidents are rare (there are more than 100,000 schools in the United States), if school officials feel they must, they can prepare in ways that don’t scare kids.
Security is supposed to alleviate fear, not create it. . . . In a high-risk neighborhood, visible security can indeed be reassuring. But absent a significant threat, tight security instead projects a feeling of impending danger.
Yet, as we arrive at the  second anniversary  of the elementary school shooting in Newtown, Conn., U.S. school officials are often all too quick to push such measures onto our children in terms of oversecuring schools against the threat of a shooting . . .
Understandably, parents want desperately to know that their children are protected from harm while at school. Though the figure has declined in the two years since the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting,  over a quarter of parents  surveyed by Gallup in August reported being fearful for their child’s physical safety while at school.
Despite these concerns and notwithstanding the handful of school shootings, students are extremely safe. In fact, the risk of serious violence at school is  significantly lower  than most other times and places.
This is not to suggest that we should abandon all efforts to safeguard children while they are at school, only that security should be low-key rather than in your face. Lockdown drills and armed guards roaming the halls can traumatize youngsters. No one should sense that he’s being watched minute-by-minute. That could create a climate counterproductive to learning.
Instead, Fox suggests architectural fixes and security systems that can detect gunfire and covertly alert local authorities. But perhaps the best fix would be for the media to stop sowing panic and start providing some context when reporting on these incidents, and to start educating — not the kids, but the parents, school officials and law enforcement officials who don’t seem to understand risk assessment. We live in a historically nonviolent era. Yet we’re dressing our kids up as slaughtered corpses and recruiting pastors, parents and teachers to storm schools as pretend mass murderers. That poses a far greater threat to our kids’ collective well-being than the next Adam Lanza.
Radley Balko blogs about criminal justice, the drug war and civil liberties for The Washington Post. He is the author of the book "Rise of the Warrior Cop: The Militarization of America's Police Forces."

Guantanamo general: Foolishness to say U.S. has lost moral high ground on human rightsBy Dan Lamothe December 11, 2014 Follow @danlamothe
U.S. Marine Gen. John F. Kelly, commander of U.S. Southern Command, speaks here in March 2014 at the Pentagon. (Photo by Glenn Fawcett/ Defense Department)
The top general overseeing the U.S. military detention center at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, said it is “foolishness” to assert that the United States has lost the moral high ground on human rights following the release of a Senate report detailing the brutal treatment of detainees by the CIA.
Marine Gen. John F. Kelly, the chief of U.S. Southern Command, gave a strong defense for the way the U.S. military treats its detainees during an interview in Washington at a summit organized by Human Rights First. He shook his head at news reports that militants were taunting the United States on social media and saying the country had lost its standing in the world.
“I would say that people who said to me, ‘Well, we have now lost the moral high ground,’ I think that’s foolishness,” Kelly said on Wednesday night. “Some might say that. The jihadists were saying it today. Gimme a break. [Islamic State] is telling us we lost the moral high ground? I love it.”
Kelly spoke with The Washington Post after speaking with human rights advocates at the summit. He declined to comment on aspects of the Senate report, saying he does not know enough to pass judgment. Nevertheless, he provided a blunt defense for how the United States has treated detainees in the military’s care and the country’s overall human rights record.
“Let’s say it’s all true. That there were excesses and all that kind of thing,” Kelly said. “I don’t think that changes the balance of what America’s human rights record is at all… I don’t think it changes, certainly, the way we do business in SOUTHCOM.”
The 528-page report released by the Senate Intelligence Committee this week says that the CIA adopted harsh “coercive interrogation techniques” from U.S. Air Force Survival, Evasion, Resistance and Escape (SERE) school , which teaches troops how to survive on their own in any environment and withstand harsh conditions if taken prisoner. The brutality described took place before the U.S. military took custody of 14 high-value detainees in 2006 from the CIA.
There are currently 136 detainees remaining in the detention center at Guantanamo. Kelly said they are treated well, despite human rights activists and detainees asserting otherwise . One sore spot remains the military’s use of enteral feeding, in which some detainees are force-fed a nutritional drink into their stomach through a tube inserted through the nose and down the throat. The process is uncomfortable at best and agonizing at worst, human rights advocates say.
Kelly defended the process, saying it is only done when necessary to keep detainees who choose not to eat healthy. He also asserted that some human rights advocates have quietly acknowledged the need for it.
“Human rights groups on the one hand will criticize the U.S. government for enteral feeding,” he said. “But in private, they’ll tell me ‘Thank goodness you’re doing this. These people might hurt themselves.’ I am charged by the president, we are charged by the president – the U.S. government – to maintain their health to the degree that we can. They have, frankly, better healthcare down there than probably the veterans in our country have, and they certainly have as good of health care down there as anyone in the U.S. military does.”
As SOUTHCOM commander, Kelly oversees a variety of operations in the Caribbean, Central America and South America from a headquarters in Miami. U.S. troops frequently collaborate with militaries and police forces in those countries, and have helped them improve their human rights records, Kelly said. 
American troops in the region also frequently assist migrants attempting to flee poverty in countries like Haiti, the general said. Smugglers known as “snakeheads” take money to help them leave the country on rafts, but they are frequently overcrowded and struggle to stay afloat.
“They’re economic refugees, overwhelmingly,” Kelly said. “They pay these traffickers, if you will, and in some cases they will put 100 people on a boat — and I use the term ‘boat’ lightly — on a floating thing that 20 people shouldn’t be on. And, in some cases we know they will take them to sea and push them over the side. It’s pretty dangerous, and not a lot of them end up going to the U.S.”
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

Kerry intervenes in Lima climate talksKerry issues warning at stalled Lima climate talks
Pilita Clark in Lima
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1187b6a0-812b-11e4-b956-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Lending Club banks 56% surge on debutLending Club banks 56% surge on debut
Tracy Alloway and Eric Platt in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0a25d3e8-8148-11e4-896c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Norway and Russia move on interest ratesNorway and Russia move on interest rates
Richard Milne in Oslo and Kathrin Hille in Moscow
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4a804668-8151-11e4-a493-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Weak yen divisive for Abe ahead of pollWeak yen divisive for Abe ahead of Japanese election
Kana Inagaki in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5163bc30-8115-11e4-896c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rupee down 12 paise against dollar in early trade4
0
Mumbai: The Indian rupee on Friday fell to over ten-month low of 62.50 against the greenback but bounced back to end at 62.29 on selling of dollars by state-run banks on behalf of the RBI.
The rise on Friday helped the rupee snap four days of decline where it cumulatively lost 56 paise or 0.91 per cent.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the domestic unit commenced lower at 62.45 a dollar from previous close of 62.33. It touched a low of 62.5050 on sluggish equities and month-end dollar demand from oil firms.
The rise on Friday helped the rupee snap four days of decline where it cumulatively lost 56 paise or 0.91 per cent.
#rupee #dollar #currency #foreign exchange
However, a sudden gust of dollar selling by exporters and some banks helped the rupee bounce back to a high of 62.26 before settling at 62.29 -- a rise of four paise or 0.06 per cent.
"Towards the end of the session, rupee recovered from lows of the day on speculation that RBI could have intervened in the market through state-run banks by selling dollars," said Suresh Nair, Director Admisi Forex.
Investors will remain cautious ahead of the India's November CPI October IIP data both scheduled after market today and Federal Reserve's policy meet, which will conclude on December 17, he added.
Meanwhile, the Indian stock benchmark S&P BSE Sensex on Friday dipped further by 251.33 points, or 0.91 per cent. FPIs had sold shares worth US dollar 98.58 million on Thursday, as per Sebi data.
The dollar index, a gauge of six major global rivals, was down by 0.20 per cent.
1

See Nov CPI at 4.2-4.3%  Oct IIP at 1.5%: Kotak Mah BankLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
See Nov CPI at 4.2-4.3%, Oct IIP at 1.5%: Kotak Mah Bank
Inflation based on consumer price index (CPI) for November is expected to soften further led by favorable base. A CNBC-TV18 poll of analysts estimates the inflation to come in at 4.4 percent as against 5.5 percent on a month-on-month basis.
Post your opinion here
Street Signs
Kotak Mahindra Bank  expects November CPI in the range of 4.2-4.3 percent as the “core hasn’t changed much in the downside” and October IIP at 1.5 percent.
Inflation based on consumer price index (CPI) for November is expected to soften further led by favorable base. A CNBC-TV18 poll of analysts estimates the inflation to come in at 4.4 percent as against 5.5 percent on a month-on-month basis.
According to estimates, on a sectoral basis the biggest decline will be led by food, beverage and tobacco inflation, which constitute 50 percent of CPI. Even fuel inflation is expected to continue softening.
Meanwhile, the index for industrial output (IIP) for the month of October is seen at 2.1 percent against 2.5 percent on a month-on-month basis.
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Indranil Pan, Chief Economist at Kotak Mahindra Bank, said he sees a rate cut from RBI in Q1CY15 and expects rupee to touch 63 against dollar by March-end.
Below is the transcript of Indranil Pan’s interview with Ekta Batra and Anuj Singhal on CNBC-TV18.
Ekta: Could you just detail what your expectations are on both consumer price index (CPI) as well as Index of Industrial Production (IIP) and what is resulting in those estimates that you have? 
A: CPI we are looking at 4.2 percent or 4.3 percent. The key input to that is core doesn’t really change too much on the downside because we are talking about the downside only at this point in time. Once again the vegetable prices were relatively softer into November compared to October so there is a month-on-month correction that we have taken on the vegetable prices which is leading to a 4.2 or 4.3 percent. 
It is 1.5 percent positive for us on the IIP with components such as the consumer goods continuing to be on the negative side while we are expecting some bit of an uptick on the capital good side because of the volatility which is there month-on-month. So, that is the reason why we are expecting capital goods on the higher side. However, overall the number on the IIP remains low at 1.5 percent.
Anuj: Based on these numbers would you believe that the rate cut that the Governor hinted is on course in the first quarter of next year? 
A: First quarter maybe yes, within the first quarter is what we are looking at a rate cut at this point in time. The key debate at this point in time is whether it is January, February or March and we are still holding on to a belief that it is likely more on the March side rather than the January side. So, relative probability is higher for a March cut than a January cut and the reason why we believe so is the fiscal continues to be worse. 
He has clearly highlighted in his previous policy that he would watch out whether the current achievements in terms of the fiscal are there and therefore the next year’s fiscal numbers in terms of both the quality and quantity would also be brought into perspective. So, I would hope for a first week of March because he has kept open the timing in terms of beyond policy dates also.
Ekta: I wanted to focus on the base effect for the November CPI data. How much of the 4.2-4.3 percent will be on account of a base effect? What is the month-on-month trajectory that you are expecting in the CPI data? 
A: Base effect is a very difficult call to take in terms of what is the exact content of the base effect in this. However, having said that, some four months back before the huge drops in inflation had started to happen we were anyways looking at a 200 basis points correction or 150 basis points correction up to November to a floor of say about a 6.5 percent by November. 
So, now if the number comes out to be about 4.2 percent, I would still say that there would be around 100 basis points on account of the normal deceleration in the inflation that we are talking about and maybe the rest would be base effect. Going forward the base effect going away we are more inline with the RBIs Fan Chart in terms of the inflation projection for the next year which is about 5.5 percent for December and building up to about a 6 percent for March 2015.
Ekta: We have suddenly seen the rupee now take some of the depreciation that it has been resilient to for most of the year and it is now trading at a 9-10 month low. Your sense on whether we will see further depreciation on the rupee and maybe what is currently taking place with it? 
A: We had put out a recent report, not too long back, just about two days back where we had predicted that the rupee needs to be on a depreciation bias for whatever time period that you talked about. We were looking at 63/USD by end March 2015. Now that the rupee is already at 62.40/USD we might have to extend that towards a 63.50/USD. 
However, having said that, the clear cause for the rupee’s depreciation is the relative appreciation bias of the INR against most of the Asian currencies. Most of the Asian currencies had been depreciating relatively sharply consequent to the Yen movement and consequent to the movement in terms of the dollar. 
Overall, there is once again a sense of a risk aversion with the Greek political issues on the surface. So, Greek yields are also sort of going up. Yen also is suffering from a political issue and therefore the Yen is also on a depreciation path. One of the major themes for 2015 would be the timing and the pace at which the US hikes especially that has come into better focus now with the retail sales data of yesterday and the jobs growth data of the last Friday. So, that is also building into an overall dollar strength story.
So, I would continue to expect depreciation bias of the rupee and as I said 63/USD is what we have put but it maybe sort of advanced further towards 63.50/USD.
RELATED NEWS

Government caps prices of 52 more drugsGovernment caps prices of 52 more drugs
Markets near day s low; GAIL slumps 6%Markets near day's low; GAIL slumps 6%
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 12, 2014 02:20 PM IST
Markets have extended losses in the noon shares on heavy selling by the fund and retail investors. Decline in crude prices and geopolitical concerns have dampened the sentiments of the market participants.
At 2.20 PM, the 30-share Sensex is down 138 points at 27,464 and the 50-share Nifty has shed 38 points to trade at 8,255.
GAIL, Tata Steel, BHEL, ONGC, TCS and Sesa Sterlite are the top 5 losers on the Sensex and are down between 2-6%.
__________________________________________________________
(updated at 1PM)
Benchmark indices are trading weak in the noon trades as investors remain cautious ahead of the CPI and IIP numbers due later during the day. Losses in oil shares have contributed the most to the decline on the 30-share Sensex.
At 1 PM, the 30-share Sensex is down 47 points at 27,555 and the 50-share Nifty has shed 12 points to trade at 8,281.
In the broader market, both BSE midcap and smallcap indices are trading flat with a positive bias. Market breadth on BSE is negative with 1,194 advances against 1,409 declines.
The rupee is at 62.43, after falling as much as 62.45, matching the session low hit on February, 20.
Meanwhile, foreign institutional investors were net sellers in Indian equities worth Rs 808.27 crore on Thursday, as per provisional stock exchange data.
Key Stocks:
On the sectoral front, BSE Oil & Gas and Realty indices are down over 1% each. BSE Power, Capital Goods and Consumer Durables are down nearly 0.5% each. However, BSE Healthcare index is up nearly 1%.
Depreciating rupee has helped the technology pack to gain in today’s trade.Infosys is up 0.5%. Wipro is trading with marginal gains. However, TCS has lost 1.5% on plans of workforce reduction. At the end of the quarter ended September 30, TCS had a total headcount of 313,757 following a gross employee addition of 20,000.
Banking shares are reeling under pressure. Axis Bank and ICICI Bank have lost 0.4% and 0.1% each while HDFC Bank is marginally down by 0.1%. SBI is down 0.4%.
Sun Pharma has gained around 1.6%. According to media reports, the company has started working on Competition Commission of India (CCI)'s order which had placed the condition of selling seven brands from the combined entity's portfolio within six months before the sun Pharma and Ranbaxy merger takes place. Cipla is trading with marginal gains.
Bharti Airtel has gained over 1%. According to media reports, the the government is likely to include one slot for 3G services in the upcoming spectrum auction.
Auto shares are trading mixed. Maruti Suzuki has gained over 1%. Armed with nearly half a dozen products to be launched over the next 18 months, India's largest car maker Maruti Suzuki is looking at a volumes growth of 16% and 18%, respectively, in the next two financial years, say analysts. Hero Motocorp is up 0.7%, while M&M is down by 1.6%.
Continued slide in global crude prices has brought pressure on oil and gas shares. GAIL has slumped around 4% while ONGC has lost close to 2%. RIL has slipped 0.4%.
Metal stocks are witnessing selling in today’s trade. Sesa Sterlite and Tata Steel are down 2% and 1.5% each. Hindalco has shed 0.6%. A Special Court today reserved for December 16 its order on the CBI's closure report in the Hindalco coal blocks allocation scam case.
Global Markets:
Japanese markets have gained on fall in yen and rebound in US markets. Nikkei has gained more than 0.5%. Chinese stocks have gained ahead of the release of retail sales data as any weakness in the figures is likely to bring about a stimulus dose by Chinese authorities. Shanghai Composite is up 0.5%. However Hang Seng index is down 0.4%.

India s Nov palm oil imports touch record 7.96 lakh tonnesIndia's Nov palm oil imports touch record 7.96 lakh tonnes
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 12, 2014 02:02 PM IST
India's palm oil imports touched a record 7,96,587 tonnes in November this year amid weak global prices and anticipation of hike in import duty, according to the Solvent Extractors' Association (SEA).
Total palm oil imports by the world's leading vegetable oil buyer stood at 7,74,207 tonnes during the same month last year and 6,13,574 tonnes in November 2012.
Palm oils make up 70% of the country's total vegetable oil imports. India meets 60% of its annual vegetable oil demand of 17-18 million tonnes via imports.
SEA attributed the rise in palm oil imports to a "record level" during the November period to zero export duty on palm products slapped by Indonesia and Malaysia, lowest prices of palm products in last five years and reduced demand of crude palm oil for bio-diesel production.
The shipments rose also because of anticipated hike in import duty of edible oils and lower availability of domestic oils due to sluggish crushing in view of high oilseeds prices, the Mumbai-based industry body said in a statement.
Among palm oil products, import of refined palm oil (RBD Palmolein) fell by 73% to 55,815 tonnes in November this year, from 2,08,076 tonnes in the year-earlier month.
"Overall share of palm oil products has narrowed down to 69% from 84% of the total vegetable oils imports. The share of soft oils import, however, has increased to 31% from 16% last year," it said.
According to the SEA, import of soft oils comprising soyabean and sunflower oils increased to 3,52,544 tonnes in November this year from 1,52,904 tonnes in the same month in 2013.
The country's total vegetable oil imports increased by 26% to 1,189,934 tonnes in November this year, as against 9,44,309 tonnes in the year-ago period, SEA said.
Recently, Food Minister Ram Vilas Paswan had said that the Agriculture Ministry has moved a proposal to increase import duty of edible oils to protect domestic players.
The Agriculture Ministry has proposed increase in import duty of refined edible oil to 12.5% from the existing 10%, while the food ministry has recommended that the hike should be 15%. On crude edible oil, both the ministries have proposed import duty should be increased to 5% from the current 2.5%.
India imports palm oil mainly from Indonesia and Malaysia and small quantity of crude soft oils, including soyabean oil, from Latin America and sunflower oil from Ukraine and Russia.

Make in India: Challenge is to make manufacturing fashionableDiscounts, new models push up car sales in December
Left to Right: John G. Rice, vice-chairman, General Electric Co., Gautam Thapar, founder and chairman, Avantha Group, Ravi Uppal, MD and CEO, Jindal Steel and Power, Aditya Ghosh, president and executive director, Indigo, D. Shivakumar, chairman and CEO (India region), PepsiCo, Amitabh Kant, secretary, DIPP and Vipin Sondhi, MD and CEO, JCB India. Photos: Ramesh Pathania/Mint
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi ’s ambitious ‘Make in India’ programme to push local manufacturing has clearly found a number of supporters. A discussion organized by Mint in the presence of Indian and global company executives highlighted the positives of Modi’s initiative. Participants spoke about aspects of manufacturing that need special attention from the government.
Participants in the discussion, moderated by Mint editor Sukumar Ranganathan, were John G. Rice , vice-chairman of General Electric Co. ( GE ) and president and chief executive officer (CEO) of GE Global Growth and Operations; Gautam Thapar , founder and chairman of the Avantha Group; Ravi Uppal , managing director and group CEO of Jindal Steel and Power Ltd ; Vipin Sondhi , managing director and CEO of JCB India Ltd ; Aditya Ghosh , president and executive director at IndiGo , run by InterGlobe Aviation Ltd ; D. Shivakumar , chairman and CEO (India region) of PepsiCo Inc. ; Amitabh Kant , secretary in the department of industrial policy and promotion; and Rajiv Verma, CEO, HT Media Ltd . Edited excerpts:
Why do you think it is the right time to make in India?
Rice: When we make a decision like we made to invest in Pune, I think there are two factors. One is we want to be able to compete more effectively in the local market. So, we really want that facility make us more competitive in terms of costs, service and delivery and everything else. But the other thing is, we don’t do anything in a country like India just for the local market. We export 50% of what we produce in Pune. So, you are a part of this global supply chain almost from day one even if you are doing stuff in Pune.
Are you able to make competitively in India for the rest of the world?
Rice: Absolutely. We wouldn’t do it here If we could not. I think that when you set up a facility like this, there is a focus on the number of jobs, the attention goes to what we start with. The real draw from my perspective, if you are the government, is what could this be in 5 years or 10 years because once you have it started, the quality of what you do and your ability to attract and retain good workers is going to determine how big the facility can be. We have had great success with phase I and we are already working on phase II and we have had strategic discussions with companies to look at how we can expand the facility. We built phase I and then we got land with a clear intent to expand.
JCB never had complaints. It means you have negotiated this landscape fairly well. Tell us a bit about that.
Sondhi:We came in as early as 1979 when infrastructure was not even part of the dialogue in the country. So, one thing is clear that you have to stay the course and stay through its ups and downs because India will deliver. So, anybody coming in for manufacturing should not look for 2-3 years, it’s got to be longer. The second thing, very clearly, is if you approach with a plan to the bureaucracy and stay true to what that plan is, I think there is a response. There may be a delay but there is a response. Also, states compete with each other. One state does it, other wants to replicate that.
We get the sense that a lot of these doing business constraints are going to be addressed at the state level. Is there a broader legislative framework that we would have, which will help facilitate making in India?
Kant:I think the central government has set the trend. It has started scrapping the number of rules and procedures. It has done a lot of business process re-engineering. It has done away with a lot of human intervention and I think that’s what central government will continue to do in the next couple of months. The real challenge is to spread this radical change to the state governments. To my mind, you really need 10-12 champions in the state. They really have to drive out and ease of doing business is key to continued sustained growth of India at 9-10% over a long period of time. The government has opened up in a vast range of areas such as defence, railways, construction, etc. So, I think the central government has really done its bit and it needs to carry it in a much bigger law by bringing in greater changes in the labour laws, land laws.
Contrast this with your experience in other countries.
Rice: I think some of the same points apply. If I look at China, Brazil and the other BRICs, they need to focus on efficiency, speed and making it easier for things to happen. There are so many factors that go into competitive landscape. I think the challenge for a big country like india is not just to benchmark itself against Gujarat but may be with Singapore or Hong Kong. What’s best-in-class globally because FDI (foreign direct investment) will end up gravitating towards places where investors could expect reasonable risk-adjusted returns and transparency and speed as an advantage.
What do you think really needs to be done to make manufacturing in India really competitive, create jobs and create an export base?
Thapar: If I look at my pulp and paper business, within the Indian firmament, it’s extremely competitive. But the competitiveness is not built on resource capabilities and it’s built on deliveries, supply, customer understanding and things like that. If I look at the engineering business, we have been in the reverse globalization process. It’s an Indian company trying to globalize itself. We are manufacturing in 18 countries around the world. If I look at the strength of Indian manufacturing and reverse globalization, I only look at export performance as a company. From Rs.250 crore a year three years ago, we will cross Rs.1,000 crore this year. So, one of the things that we find out here, especially in some of the areas, are customers who will drive your business forward by way of asking for technology, by asking for best-in-class improvement. We find a lot of that outside of India. So, at one level, you don’t have a driver out here.
Second, India has not taken a stand that we want to be an exporting country of the world as opposed to what China did in the 1980s. The FDIs won’t drive your growth. You need domestic investments to come up and that’s where small and medium enterprises, in my opinion, suffer the most. How easy is it for them to get going? That’s where the real challenge lies.
Does this Make in India initiative have something for those entrepreneurs in the MSME (micro, small and medium enterprises) sector?
Kant: I think the key challenge is to create jobs through manufacturing sector and, therefore, the focus has to be on the labour-intensive sectors such as food processing, textile, leather, etc. We have had very antiquated labour laws, you need to radically overhaul them. If the country needs to grow at 9-10%, if you want to talk about 100 million jobs by 2025, the key is to scrap, rules procedures and simplify them. I think that’s what this government has tried to do. But the challenge is to do much more of that. We need to simplify the land acquisition Act in two pages. We need to create a nation of job creators and not job seekers. That requires a huge amount of scrapping rules and procedures and also supporting them with venture funds. One of the key things that the government has done is that it has created a Rs.10,000 crore fund, which will assist many VCs (venture capitalists) to really unleash the entrepreneurial spirit of India.
When you look at the road ahead, what do you think are the challenges that still need to be addressed?
Uppal: We still feel that there are a lot of archaic laws and a great deal of interference from government agencies. It’s ironic that historically, we have expressed a lot of affection to the manufacturing sector but there is precious little that we have done to encourage entrepreneurship. There are too many touch points between the governmental agencies and the manufacturing sector. Therefore, the barriers are very high to get into manufacturing because it really tests your perseverance and your will to stay in that business. It’s only in the last 15-20 years that our volumes have started looking up. I think we just have to go on in this route and the government has to enable it.
I think we need to give the private sector a lot of freedom and not be suspecting everything that they do. We are not afraid of competition whether it is China or any other country as long as there is a level playing field.
Sondhi: One quick point on the processes. If the process can be built on trust, and I think in the past they were built on distrust, then it gets simplified with penalties where people default on trust. Therefore, deemed approvals or self-certification are the ways. That removes the whole layer of people interfering with SMEs (small and medium enterprises).
Kant: India has been very good in putting down laws, acts and procedures but is very poor in enforcement. The key challenge is to scrap all these and ensure enforcement in the right manner... The real challenge for India is young people with ITI (Industrial Training Institute) and IIT (Indian Institute of Technology) background are just not getting to the shop floor. The challenge is how do you make manufacturing really fashionable.
Are there any learnings that one can take from the process that Indigo has built and break it down to see how things can be improved in manufacturing?
Ghosh: Everything that I have heard here, resonates with the challenges we face, what we see and what we struggle with. If we really need to make this into a really successful campaign, which is far beyond the marketing campaign, first of all, that will to win has to come from within us and we have to be able to encourage and celebrate Indian successes. I have found in the last few months that the moment we start thinking of a bigger, brighter independent india, we immediately start thinking of how attractive can it make for a foreign company to come and make investments here.
There are a bunch of processes at Indigo but those processes are similar to almost any other airline that functions in this country. What I enjoy about working at Indigo is that there are 9,000 people whose entrepreneurial spirit we are trying to encourage. I think that to a great extent is the enjoyable, secret part of Indigo. If we could encourage the entrepreneurial spirits of folks that we touch on a day-to-day basis, where that person feels that I have a limited amount of time and resources that I have on my hand, how much less can I do? Do I really need to get involved in the stamps, signatures, etc., or can I step away and transfer through the mechanism of trust to the private enterprise?
Also, the media needs to scare the bureaucracy less because everybody is scared that they are going to be analysed and shredded to pieces.
That’s no longer the case. Right?
Kant: I think the Prime Minister has managed to meet the bureaucracy regularly and enthuse it to a great extent. The government right now is far more active and decisive than any of the private sector players. I think that momentum needs to continue on a sustained basis.
Verma: I don’t think we go to office and say today we are going to scare the hell out of people... At least there is someone who is playing the role of a watchdog.
Whatever you have seen over the last 6-7 months, do you think India is doing it right?
Rice: I think the steps are being taken but this is a massive government with tentacles that go forever so there is a lot of work to be done.
Kant: I think to a great extent, it’s a function of great political leadership. What we are witnessing in India is a great transition where the political leadership is wanting to drive india to higher trajectory of growth. This government wants the civil servant to drive that growth. This country can grow only if speedy, risky decisions are taken.
Uppal: I am sorry to say state governments do not have same sense of urgency to do things.
Have we managed to create people with significant expertise in manufacturing space?
Shivakumar:I don’t think we have done that and there are many reasons to believe that. Let’s go back to our school systems. The average number of years that we spend in a school is six to seven. If you really want to take up the base-level manufacturing skill set, that has to go up to 10-11. If that does not happen, it is not going to happen. Second, SMEs who are technology-led and employ 0-10 people have higher management capability index than the bigger companies today. Clearly, we need to invest a lot in the SMEs on the skill side. That will involve a very different paradigm... In india, we have always seen big versus small, but my philosophy is, it has to be big and small, forming an ecosystem, which we appreciate and we encourage. You have to leverage the advantages of skill in a large company into a small-scale company. That ecosystem, if you build, will be very, very good.
If you want to create 1 million jobs every month, 70-75% of that will come from SMEs.
Today, 975,000 SME companies are on social networking websites. I think the access to technology is really reshaping the skill base of small-scale industries.
What can big companies do about the education? I think the traditional answer of “do more of the same” will not work. We have to do something new.
Shivakumar: ITI curriculum is still analog and technology has not impacted it. The world has turned digital in the last 10-20 years. Adopting these digital practices in ITIs will re-skill these small- and medium-size enterprises.
Sondhi: I completely agree on the ITIs. It was set up as a feeder system to the manufacturing sector and it was up to the state government to make sure that the syllabus is relevant for feeding into large industry. Secondly, it is also the duty of the large-scale industry to create that ecosystem for the small-scale indsutry. Finally, girls will have to come into manufacturing as that not only changes the social system but brings about a huge dimension in the confidence of our entire population.
How easy was it for GE to find people?
Rice: One of the reason we chose Pune was because we thought we would be able to tap into the good workforce there. Twenty five per cent of the workers in our facility are women. It is helping us retain a competitive advantage. It opens up the whole new section of the workforce to us.  If you are not making yourself into a place where male, female and all sorts of diversities want to work, you won’t have the competitive advantage at some point.
Uppal: In India, we really need to upgrade the skills of our people. If you compare them with those in Japan and Korea, the kind of productivity that they give you is mind-boggling. There is no comparison between them. Our people have very antiquated skills and you don’t get the right productivity.
Kant: Wherever good skill development programmes have succeeded across the world, it’s been through dual process where the curriculum and machine tools for that has been provided by the private sector. Germany is a classic example of that. In the skilling programme, there is no rationale for the government to run ITIs at all. The government should simply hand over these ITIs to the private sector and allow them to drive these ITIs.

US House passes spending Bill  averts govt shutdownDavid Lawder and Richard Cowan     Washington   Last Updated: December 12, 2014  | 15:21 IST
The US Capitol Dome is seen in the picture (Photo: Reuters)
The United States House of Representatives averted a government shutdown on Thursday after narrowly passing a US $1.1 trillion spending bill despite strenuous Democratic objections to the controversial financial provisions.
The vote followed a long day of drama and discord on Capitol Hill that highlighted fraying Democratic unity and featured an uneasy alliance between US President Barack Obama and House Speaker John Boehner, enemies in past Budget battles but on the same side this time in pushing for passage.
A vote on the measure was delayed for hours after Democrats revolted against provisions to roll-back part of the Dodd-Frank financial reform law and allow more big money political donations, while conservative Republicans objected because the measure did not block funds for Obama's immigration order.
Democrats said Republican leaders, flexing their new political muscle after big wins in the mid-term elections that will give them control of both chambers of Congress in 2015, had gone too far in trying to roll back Dodd-Frank.
"We have enough votes to show them never to do this again," Democratic House Leader Nancy Pelosi told members of her party, behind closed doors, according to a source in the room.
Some Democrats also demanded the removal of a provision that allows a massive increase in individual contributions to national political parties for federal elections, potentially up to US $777,600 a year.
The debate pitted the US President against Pelosi, one of his most loyal allies in Congress, as Obama and his administration waged a last-ditch campaign to persuade Democrats to set aside their objections, arguing that if it failed, the party would get a worse spending deal in 2015 under Republican control.
The effort to save the Bill angered some Democrats, who complained that both Obama and JPMorgan Chase Chief Executive Jamie Dimon were calling Democrats to support it.
"It is very strange, very strange that the two of them would be working for the support of this bill," said Representative Maxine Waters, the top Democrat on the House Financial Services Committee.
In the 219-206 vote, 67 Republicans rejected the spending Bill, largely because it failed to take action to stop the US President's executive immigration order. But that was offset by 57 Democrats who voted in favor.
Shortly after passage of the spending Bill, both the House and Senate passed a 48-hour extension to allow the Senate more time to consider the measure. Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid said it would be debated on Friday.
The 1,603-page bill, negotiated by Republican and Democratic appropriators and leaders, drew Democrats' ire when they discovered it would roll back the Dodd-Frank law due to go into effect next year by killing planned restrictions on derivatives trading by large banks, allowing them to continue trading swaps and futures in units that benefit from federal deposit insurance and US Federal Reserve loans.
If passed by the Senate, the spending Bill would fund all government agencies through September 2015, except for the Department of Homeland Security, which would get an extension only through February 27. Republicans intend to deny funding to the agency to carry out the American President's order allowing millions of undocumented immigrants to stay and work in the US.
The measure keeps domestic spending largely flat, while providing billions of dollars in additional funds to fight Islamic State militants in Iraq and Syria and the Ebola outbreak in West Africa.
(Reuters)

Trillion-dollar IT trade deal faces WTO testIT trade deal worth trillion dollars on a knife-edge at WTO
Tom Miles     Geneva   Last Updated: December 12, 2014  | 15:05 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
A trillion dollar deal at the World Trade Organization (WTO) to reduce tariffs in the vast information technology sector will stand or fall in the next 24 hours, trade diplomats said on Thursday.
However, late on Thursday, a trade official involved with the talks said a deal would be very unlikely because of a stand-off between South Korea and China, which was refusing all attempts to broker a compromise.
Countries representing 97 per cent of global IT commerce are trying to agree on expanding the WTO's IT Agreement, which would be the first global agreement on tariff cuts in over a decade.
The accord would reduce tariffs on products such as medical equipment, GPS devices, video games consoles and next-generation semiconductors, cutting more than 200 tariff lines to zero.
"We have in front of us the most far reaching market access package made in the WTO since 1996, worth more than 1 trillion euros of world trade," European Union Ambassador Angelos Pangratis, chair of the talks, said on Thursday.
"However, while the finalisation of the negotiations appears certainly within reach, there is still some distance, small compared with the long way we have already gone, which needs to be bridged," Pangratis told envoys in the WTO's General Council.
Some delegations needed to consult their ministries, but the deal needed to be done on Friday or not at all, the EU Ambassador said. "Later it will not be easier, rather the contrary. Now is the moment," he added.
Countries negotiating the package have set themselves a goal of reaching an accord by a meeting of the WTO's General Council this week. Although the deadline is an artificial one, the vast majority of states are happy with the deal on the table, and further delay raises the risk that it might unravel.
The talks got a boost in November after a US-Chinese compromise removed a long-standing block to progress - a Chinese demand for a large number of exemptions.
China was now sticking rigidly to the letter of that bilateral deal with the United States and refusing to adapt it in ways that would assuage the concerns of other WTO members, said the trade official involved in the talks, who spoke on conditions of anonymity.
China had refused compromise options put forward by the South Korean delegation and WTO Director General Roberto Azevedo and had not made any suggestions of its own, the same official said.
A senior official at South Korea's trade ministry said on Friday that there were a few products at issue with China, including LCD screens.
"(South Korea) is contacting the Chinese officials through various channels and are at present waiting for their response to our latest proposal," the official said without elaborating and declining to be identified.
"I don't know what (the countries) will do after today but they will probably have to set another schedule if a deal fails to be reached this time," the official added.
Chinese officials in Geneva were not immediately available to comment.
(Reuters)

Economy not at a stage where interest rates can be cutDec 12, 2014, 02.49 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
'Economy not at a stage where interest rates can be cut'
Rajeev Chandrasekhar, member of Rajya Sabha from Karnataka, believes that time is not right for cut in interest rates supporting RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan's current monetary policy. Chandrasekhar told CNBC-TV18 that he expects RBI to cut rates closer to budget 2015.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
'Economy not at a stage where interest rates can be cut'
Rajeev Chandrasekhar, member of Rajya Sabha from Karnataka, believes that time is not right for cut in interest rates supporting RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan's current monetary policy. Chandrasekhar told CNBC-TV18 that he expects RBI to cut rates closer to budget 2015.
Post your opinion here

Manmohan says CAD  fiscal deficit can be tackled more imaginativelyTwin deficits could be tamed with more imaginative approach: Manmohan
Indvjal Dhasmana | New Delhi Dec 13, 2014 12:28 AM IST
Amid the government struggling to rein in the issue of twin deficits — of current account and fiscal deficits — despite the recent drop in global crude oil prices, former prime minister Manmohan Singh on Friday said the problem could be tackled with a more imaginative approach.
“Fall in oil prices all over the world is the talk of the town. I would venture to think India is well placed to make better of this situation, provided we have the vision, provided we evolve into a meaningful national consensus to move ahead,” Singh said in his inaugural address at the Bharat Ram Memorial lecture in New Delhi.
The former prime minister said India’s balance of payments issue was now more manageable, with a decline in oil prices, and the fiscal deficit concern could be addressed more imaginatively.
The Centre’s fiscal deficit had touched almost 90 per cent of its Budget estimates for full 2014-15 in the first seven months itself, mainly due to low indirect tax collections and non-tax revenues.
Besides, India’s current account deficit widened to 2.1 per cent of gross domestic product in the September quarter of 2014-15, against 1.7 per cent in the first three months.
Singh, whose tenure as finance minister in the early 1990s had seen India embarking on economic reforms to tackle the balance of payments crisis, said the country was poised to take advantage of globalisation and engage in trade to finance its imports through exports.
“Today, we cannot grow in isolation... India is well placed to take advantage of this situation, provided we evolve a meaningful national consensus to move ahead,” he said. He, however, did not comment on the current policies to tackle the two deficits.
He said India could achieve a growth rate of eight to nine per cent if there was a “national consensus” on methods to take advantage of a globalised world. “I think India has the opportunity to move towards a growth rate of six to seven per cent and to eight per cent thereafter, even as many other emerging economies are not doing very well,” Singh said.
Except India, other emerging economies — like Brazil, Russia and South Africa — were not doing well, Singh said, adding the country was set for a eight to nine per cent growth. “We are working towards a growth rate of eight to nine per cent. There are opportunities, there are risks. India is currently at least poised to create a milieu in which its growth story can be another worthwhile chapter for the evolving global economies,” he said. Indian economy had grown over nine per cent annually for three years before being affected by the global financial crisis of 2008-09. The growth rate had fallen to 6.7 per cent that year.
Though the economy recovered from those lows, with huge stimulus in the two years to follow, growth again fell to sub-five per cent in 2012-13 and 2013-14.
In the current financial year, the government estimates the growth rate to be between 5.4 per cent and 5.9 per cent.
Singh said a meaningful solution to India’s problems of poverty, ignorance and diseases could be found only in the framework of rapidly expanding economies.
“There is a broad consensus that we need a growth rate of eight to nine per cent to create 10-12 million jobs a year, if we have to conquer unemployment within our lifetime,” he said.

Buy Cox & Kings; target of Rs 395: SharekhanLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy Cox & Kings; target of Rs 395: Sharekhan
Sharekhan is bullish on Cox & Kings (CKL) and has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 395 in its November 17, 2014 research report.
Post your opinion here
Sharekhan's report on  Cox & Kings (CKL)
"Cox & Kings (CKL) registered a 12% revenue growth and an 8% growth in the operating profit on a like-to-like basis (excluding the hived-off camping business’ financials). The Indian business’ revenues and operating profit grew by 17% each while the education business revenues grew by 10% and profits grew by 19% on a Y-o-Y basis. The international leisure travel business was a drag on the profitability with its OPM declining by above 400BPS (due to higher promotional and technology expenses).
With improving consumer sentiment, CKL’s management expects the domestic outbound tourism segment (accounts for more than 50% of the Indian business) to grow by at least 25% in the near term. The capacity utilisation at the education and Meininger businesses is expected to improve in the coming years. This should help in expanding the OPM of CKL’s consolidated business to 40% in the coming years.
CKL’s net debt has reduced by Rs 730 crore from Rs 4,205 crore in March 2014. The company will further reduce its debt by about Rs250 crore by the end of FY2015. Going ahead, the management targets to reduce the debt by Rs500 crore each in FY2016 and FY2017 through internal accruals (which would result in savings of Rs 40 crore in interest cost each year).
We have marginally reduced our earnings estimate for FY2015 to factor in the lower margins in the international leisure travel business. However, we have broadly maintained our earnings estimates for FY2016 and FY2017. The stock is currently trading at 11.4x its FY2016E earnings and EV/EBIDTA of 8x. We maintain our Buy recommendation on the stock with a price target of Rs 395", says Sharekhan research report.
For all recommendations, click here
 
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
 
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

JNPT s SEZ project to attract Rs 3 000 cr investmentJNPT's SEZ project to attract Rs 3,000 cr investment
Alka Kshirsagar
Tweet
Pune, Dec 12:  
The Jawaharlal Nehru Port Trust (JNPT) has undertaken an SEZ project on 2,077 hectares of land near the port which is expected to attract Rs 3,000 crore of private investment and create close to 1.5 lakh jobs in the area.
Speaking at the CII International Logistics Summit in Mumbai, N N Kumar, Chairman, JNPT, said that other initiatives include doubling of the 44 km road network to the port to eight lanes from four lanes, building a multimodal logistics park on 100 hectares to facilitate movement of goods to ports, and tying up with APEC to set up a training centre at the port.
JNPT is implementing the 4th terminal with Singapore Port Authority making it one of the biggest FDI investments in India, he said, adding that the Port of Antwerp is willing to join JNPT for another project.
The Government is also working on the 'Sagarmala' project under which it plans to develop coastal economic regions for port led-development, Kumar said.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

Markets end lower ahead of CPI  IIP data; oil shares weighMarkets end lower ahead of CPI, IIP data; oil shares weigh
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 12, 2014 03:30 PM IST
Markets ended lower on caution ahead of the CPI and IIP data. Decline in crude prices and geopolitical concerns dampened the sentiments of the market participants.
Provisionally, the 30-share Sensex ended down 251 points at 27,351 and the 50-share Nifty shed 65 points to close at 8,228.
_______________________________________________________________
(updated at 3.30 PM)
Markets edged lower in noon trades as investors booked profits on account of geopolitical concerns and steadily declining oil prices. Defensives were back in focus with FMCG and Health Care being the only green pockets at 1430 hrs.
The Sensex was down 204 points or 0.7% at 27,398 and the Nifty slipped 56 points or 0.7% at 8,237.
Broader markets too were under pressure with the mid and smallcap indices down nearly 1% each.
The rupee was at 62.35, after falling as much as 62.45, matching the session low hit on Feb. 20. Traders were on watch for RBI intervention via state-owned banks to support the Indian currency.
Investors are cautious ahead of CPI and IIP data. According to media reports, a business survey has estimated Index of Industrial Production (IIP) to increase to 2.8% for the month of October, 2014 compared to 2.5% in the same month last year and Consumer Inflation Index (CPI) to moderate to 4.5% in November, the slowest rate recorded since the data series was first published in 2012. The November CPI and October IIP data is due later today.
All the sectoral indices except FMCG and Health Care were in red with losses upto 2.3%.
Realty, Oil & Gas, Power, Metal, Capital Goods and Consumer Durables indices down 1-2.3% were the top sectoral losers.
GAIL, BHEL, Sesa Sterlite, Tata Steel, ONGC, TCS, Hindalco, HDFC and RIL down 2-6% were the top losers among Sensex-30.
Meanwhile, Bharti Airtel, Maruti, Sun Pharma, Infosys, HUL, Coal India and Hero MotoCorp up 0.3-1.5% were the only exceptions in green.
Bharti Airtel was the top Sensex gainer on media reports that the government is likely to include one slot for 3G services in the upcoming spectrum auction.
Sun Pharma gained on media reports, the company has started working on Competition Commission of India (CCI)'s order which had placed the condition of selling seven brands from the combined entity's portfolio within six months before the sun Pharma and Ranbaxy merger takes place. Cipla is trading with marginal gains.
The market breadth was negative on BSE. 1882 stocks declined while 927 stocks advanced.
Global Markets
Asian shares got a lift on Friday after upbeat U.S. spending data suggested weaker oil prices have some upside for the American economy. A spate of China data added up to more concerns for investors, with factory growth slowing more than expected last month to its second-worst reading since the global crisis and investment expansion hovering near a 13-year low.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan edged up about 0.1%, though on track for a loss of over 2% for the week.
Japan's Nikkei stock average ended up 0.7%, extending gains as the U.S. data lifted exporter shares, but booked a loss of 3.1% for the week.

Sharp rise in sentiment on economy  but concerns remain: StudySharp rise in sentiment on economy, but concerns remain: Study
Ishan Bakshi | New Delhi Dec 12, 2014 04:00 PM IST
The Manufacturing Barometer for 2014, a study jointly carried out by industry body Ficci and PricewaterhouseCoopers reveals growing optimism about India’s economy. According to the study, 94 per cent of those surveyed describe themselves as somewhat or very optimistic about the Indian economy. With “a more conducive economic and political environment”, 55 per cent of those surveyed are planning to undertake major investments in the coming 12 months.
Surprisingly, 61 per cent of those surveyed said their costs had in fact increased in the past six months —  a sharp contrast to the recent moderation in inflation. While the report argues that “the impact of reducing energy and commodity prices does not appear to have been felt yet by the manufacturing sector”, the high number could also be because, as the survey was carried out between the months of July and November, some responses would have been obtained before the recent fall in commodity prices.
Nearly half the companies surveyed expect margins to improve, on account of a compression in costs. But the worrying part of the survey is that only 35 per cent plan to add full-time equivalent employees. Instead, companies are planning to invest in new products, capacity additions and market expansion.
With labour costs in China rising, the report points out that there is an “unparalleled opportunity for India to step into the breach and capture a significant share of the global manufacturing pie”. While the prime minister has firmly stated his intent to transform India into a global manufacturing hub, challenges exist. India scores badly on the ease of doing business parameter, infrastructure remains inadequate and problems exist with land acquisition, labour laws and taxation, all of which increase costs for industry.

Visual IQ among toppers in employee wellness rankingVisual IQ among toppers in employee wellness ranking
Our Bureau
Tweet
Kochi, Dec. 12:  
Infopark-based company Visual IQ has been ranked seventh in 'Employee Health and Wellness Rankings' prepared by Chestnut Global Partners India and Society For Human Resources Management India (SHRM).
Visual IQ is the only company from Kerala to have made it to the list which was topped by Proctor and Gamble, a press release said.
The company takes active interest in promoting healthy lifestyle among its employees by introducing programmes that takes care of employees physical and mental well being.
Few initiatives like “work at your comfort” by providing flexible work hours and work from home options to maintain healthy work life balance.
Also introduction of fun filled health challenges at regular intervals to monitor, motivate and keep them engaged, Sanita Chittilappilly, Director HR of Visual IQ said.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

Andhra Bank cuts interest rate on retail loansAndhra Bank cuts interest rate on retail loans
G Naga Sridhar
Tweet
Hyderabad, Dec 12:  
Andhra Bank has reduced interest rates on some of its retail loans including housing, car loans and loans against gold ornaments.
According to revised rates which came into effect from December 11, 2014, housing loans up to Rs 10 lakh will carry an interest rate of 10.25 per cent which was at 11.25 per cent earlier. Home loans above Rs 30 lakh are also being offered at the same rate from earlier 10.50 per cent.
Similarly, interest on car loans has been reduced to 10.75 per cent. ``Existing housing loan customers, whose repayment of EMI is prompt, are eligible for an additional 0.25 pc concession in the rate of interest,’’ G Ravi Kumar, General Manager, Andhra Bank said in a release issued here on Friday.
As per the revised rates, interest on gold loans is 13 per cent as against 16.50 charged previously.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

Bad timing on US rate call set to persistBad call pain of US rate rise timing set to persist
Michael Mackenzie in New York
Inflation, falling oil and stronger dollar will figure in Fed’s decision
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5b147760-807f-11e4-872b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

One woman director must for certain public cosOne woman director must for certain public comapnies: Government
PTI Dec 12, 2014, 05.02PM IST
(The Companies Act, 2013…)
NEW DELHI: It is mandatory for certain class of public companies to appoint at least one woman director on their boards under the companies law, government said today.
"The Companies Act 2013 and the rules framed thereunder mandate listed and unlisted public companies having paid up share capital of Rs 100 crore or more or a turnover of Rs 300 crore or more are required to appoint at least one woman director on the board of directors," Arun Jaitley said in a written reply to the Lok Sabha.
Jaitley also said that the government had not received any representations from public sector companies to revise spending limit for activities related to Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) norms.
Under the new Companies Act, certain class of companies are required to shell out at least 2 per cent of their three-year annual average net profit towards CSR activities.
"The government has not received any representations from public sector undertakings (PSUs) to revise 2 per cent Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) norms," he said.
The Companies Act, 2013 has incorporated various provisions aimed at strengthening corporate governance in India, Jaitley said.
These include enhanced responsibilities for the board and its committees like the audit committee as well as nomination and remuneration committee, enhanced disclosures as well as better norms for accountability of auditors, he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

BMW to hike prices in India by up to 5% from...BMW to hike prices in India by up to 5% from January
By PTI | 12 Dec, 2014, 04.49PM IST
Tweet
The success of BMW Group India has always been built on long-term thinking and responsible action, he added.
NEW DELHI: German luxury car maker BMW today said it will raise product prices in India by up to 5 per cent with effect from first week of next month.
All the products of the company's BMW models, including the Mini range, will become costlier due to price hike.
"We want to maintain sustainable leadership in the Indian market with a strong brand and an exceptional model range with unbeatable product substance. With the price increase, BMW Group will maintain its premium positioning in the Indian luxury car segment ," BMW Group India President Philipp von Sahr said in a statement.
The success of BMW Group India has always been built on long-term thinking and responsible action, he added.
At present, BMW sells a range of vehicles in India, including sedans 1, 3, 5, 6 and 7 Series, along with SUVs X1 , X3 , X5 and sports car M Series, which are priced between Rs 22.65 lakh and Rs 1.86 crore.
The company's luxury compact car, the Mini series, is currently available between Rs 26.55 lakh and Rs 35.20 lakh.
Earlier this week, General Motors India had announced the decision to hike prices of its entire product portfolio by up to Rs 20,000 from January in order to partially offset rising input costs.

Sensex drops 251 points as oil stocks slip; logs worst week in 3 yearsDec 12, 2014 at  04:42pm IST
Sensex drops 251 points as oil stocks slip; logs worst week in 3 years
4
0
Mumbai: The benchmark Sensex on Friday slumped by 251.33 points to end at 27,350.68 and logged its worst weekly drop in three years on hefty losses in oil&gas, realty and metal shares, amid continued tumble in oil prices raising concern over the strength of the global economy.
As many as 11 of the 12 sectoral indices on BSE ended in the red. Overall, nearly 2,000 stocks closed down while just about 920 scrips managed to close up.
Besides global cues and oil price falling below key US dollar 60/barrel mark for the first time since July 2009, caution prevailed ahead of the retail inflation and IIP data to be released after trading hours on Friday, traders said.
Overall, nearly 2,000 stocks closed down while just about 920 scrips managed to close up.
#sensex #nifty #rupee #dollar
The BSE Sensex, after rising to 27,692.32 in early trade, succumbed to selling pressure in blue-chips and fell to day's low of 27,320.05. It settled at a fresh six-week low of 27,350.68, down 251.33 points, or 0.91 per cent.
The index has dropped by a whopping 1104 points in the past week, its worst show since December 2011, during which it fell in four of five trading sessions.
The 50-share NSE index Nifty also plunged 68.80 points, or 0.83 per cent, to close at 8,224.10 after shuttling between 8,216.30 and 8,321.90 intra-day.
"There was weakness across sectors, which was brought about by the global concerns. Markets are concerned about a global slowdown, as reflected in demand from major oil producing organisations. Markets were also cautious ahead of the inflation and IIP data scheduled post-market," said Dipen Shah, Head- PCG Research, Kotak Securities.
Sectorally, BSE Oil & Gas index suffered the most by falling 2.63 per cent. GAIL, ONGC, Cairn fell between 2.5-4.6 per cent. RIL, IOC and HPCL fell in 1.5-2.5 per cent range.
In other BSE sectoral indices, Realty index fell 2.47 per cent, Consumer Durables by 2.28 per cent, Capital Goods by 2 per cent and Metal 1.45 per cent among others.
In the 30-share Sensex pack, as many as 23 stocks closed down. Tata Steel, Sesa Sterlite, BHEL, Bajaj Auto, L&T and HDFC were among big laggards. However, gains in Infosys, Maruti Suzuki and Sun Pharma cushioned the fall.
Small-cap index shed 1.50 per cent and Mid-cap index fell by 1.28 per cent, indicating selling by retail investors. Foreign funds continue to remain net sellers on the domestic bourses which weighed on the sentiment and added to the selling, equity brokers said. Overseas investors sold shares worth net Rs 808.27 crores on Thursday.
2

Don t fret over Re fall: Ananth Narayan of StanChart Bank1:00 pm
Strength in dollar has been weighing on Asian currencies with the rupee falling to a 10-month low.  Ananth Narayan, Head of Financial Markets at Standard Chartered Bank explains why the “gentle depreciation” was expected and why it should not be a cause for concern.
Below is the transcript of Ananth Narayan’s interview with CNBC-TV18's Sumaira Abidi and Reema Tendulkar.
Sumaira: Could you tell us what you make of this weakness in the rupee. Is this temporary, is there more downside and at what level are you expecting some meaningful intervention from the Reserve Bank?
A: This is kind of an expected correction in the rupee. The reality is since June-July of this year we have seen a significant amount of dollar strength going through across currencies. A few currencies have bucked the trend including the Indonesian Rupiah and the Indian Rupee for a variety of reasons. At some stage the REER (Real Effective Exchange Rate) has to catch up, at some stage the interest rate differentials and the growth differentials have to catch up. So to that extent the kind of gentle depreciation we are seeing in the rupee is in a way a welcome step. It is not really a problem for any of us and the market participants. So this trend will continue, you will probably see gentle depreciation continuing, you will see the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) mopping up dollars when there are inflows preventing a significant depreciation of rupee. A Rs 2-3 depreciation over a year is not really anybody’s problem. It is warranted by REER and by interest rate differentials.
Reema: What would be the key levels that you would watch out for now?
A: The level of Rs 62.35/dollar was kind of significant resistance which seems to have been breached right now. We could see a move up to Rs 63/dollar. As long as the pace is not frenetic and as long as we don’t see panic in the system — we definitely aren’t seeing panic at the moment,— it is fine. You could see Rs 63/dollar level being tested. At Rs 62/dollar on the downside you could probably have Indian banks and the RBI mopping up dollars. You could see a move up to Rs 64/dollar in the middle of next year. Again gentle depreciation catching up with the other currencies across the globe making sure the REER doesn’t go completely overvalued on the rupee and there is good news all around.
Sumaira: Flows could be weak towards the end of the year. How much low do you think the rupee could head to by the end of December?
A: You could see weakness in the flows and the reality is there is always a fear that the response from the central bank can be asymmetric i.e. a lot more fervent when it comes to mopping up dollars and a lot of reticence when it comes to supplying dollars when there is a shortfall of dollars. Having said that I don’t really expect a rapid depreciation as such; the reality is the RBI’s coffers are reasonably full right now. They will be watching markets to ensure there isn’t too much of volatility. The risk is of course is, which the RBI keeps pointing out, that markets are becoming too complacent. The view I am giving you is probably generic across the market. There is a significant amount of long rupee positions built both internationally as well as domestically. That doesn’t augur well in terms of vulnerability of the rupee. As a base case that shouldn’t be a cause for concern. After all the RBI’s coffers are full. Having said that there is a tinge of nervousness in the background that maybe there is just too much of complacency around and not enough of preparedness for the shock.
Reema: You said gentle depreciation is okay given the REER. What according to you is the fair value of the rupee based on the REER?
A: The data that we have as of October and unfortunately there are lots of moving part since then; Consumer Price Index (CPI) has come down, dollar has strengthened against other currencies but at least the data of October suggested a close to 10 percent overvaluation of the rupee. I must hasten to add though that these are not really good numbers to determine current value of the rupee. These indicate trends; these indicate general direction rather than absolute values.
So as I said the forward still indicate more than Rs 4 depreciation over the year, around Rs 4.2 or so. I don’t think we will depreciate to that extent over a year’s perspective. Rs 2-3 seems more likely. That kind of depreciation should be fine for everybody.
Reema: What is the in-house call on the dollar, is it in a multi-year up trend? Where do you forecast for the dollar?
A: The in-house view remains that we are seeing asymmetric markets right now. The strength in the US continues, the weakness in Europe, Japan and China kind of continues as well. So, you are seeing this asymmetry which will translate therefore into asymmetric monetary responses and the possibility of the dollar strength continuing. So, we are seeing the strength in the dollar continuing. There are lots of moving parts too, for instance the sharp move in energy prices and the impact it has on shale production in the US. All of that could see things changing. If the current trends continue, globally we will continue to see muted inflation, disinflationary kind of growth which will not be good news for the globe as a whole and including for India. So, the trend in dollar strength ought to continue which again probably buttresses the case for gentle depreciation of the rupee.
Sumaira: What is your expectation from the CPI numbers?
A: We are expecting a 4.4 percent print today. I think then subsequently it moves up to 5 percent and then maybe in January to March it is closer to 6-6.5 percent. The average for 2015 we think would be around the 6 percent mark. So, as long as oil continues where it is, even allowing for a bit of bounce back in the oil we should be seeing the average 6 percent mark for the next year.
RELATED NEWS

CBI arrests West Bengal Transport Minister Madan Mitra in the multi-crore Saradha chit fund scam#saradha scam #saradha chit fund scam #tmc #madan mitra
The CBI also arrested Naresh Balodia, legal advisor to Sudipto Sen and Saradha Group on charges of criminal conspiracy, cheating and diversion of funds in the same case. Balodia had drafted the letter which Sudipto Sen had sent to the investigative agency, a CBI spokesman said.
ALSO SEE Madan Mitra arrest: It's illegal, unconstitutional, vendetta politics, says Mamata
Mitra is said to be a close aide of West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee. He is the third senior TMC leader to be arrested in the case. The other two are former TMC MP Kunal Ghosh and Rajya Sabha MP Srinjoy Bose.
Ghosh's judicial custody came to an end on Friday. He had accused Mamata Banerjee of being the biggest beneficiary of the scam.
Ghosh has also accused Mitra of being involved in the scam. Mitra won the Bishnupur Assembly seat of South 24 Parganas district in the 2009 bypolls. He represented the constituency perched in the southern fringes of Kolkata till 2011.
The Saradha Group, incidentally, started its operations from Bishnupur and, during Mitra's time, was in full flourish. Mitra lectured at the group's investors' meet and ushered heaps of praises on the "good work the company was doing".
He was, allegedly, also the president of the group's employees' association. His pictures with the discredited chairman of the Group, Sudipta Sen, was once seen proudly hung at the Saradha offices before they were quickly removed after the company collapsed in April, 2013.
472

Lok Sabha Speaker refuses to introduce delegation of Pakistani MPsDec 12, 2014 at  06:49pm IST
Lok Sabha Speaker refuses to introduce delegation of Pakistani MPs
39
1
New Delhi: Lok Sabha Speaker Sumitra Mahajan on Friday snubbed a delegation of Pakistani MPs and refused to introduce the 17-member team in the House on the grounds that it was not an official visit.
The delegation of Pakistan Parliamentarians were visiting Parliament as part of the Indo-Pak dialogue process.
The members of the Pakistani delegation have said that they have been deeply hurt by the Speaker's actions.
more »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Sensex ends 251 pts downSensex ends 251 pts down
Eicher buses looking at supplying to STU in Tamil NaduEicher buses looking at supplying to STU in Tamil Nadu
BS Reporter | Chennai Dec 12, 2014 08:45 PM IST
VE Commercial Vehicles (VECV), a joint venture between Volvo Group and Eicher Motors, is keen on supplying its buses to the State Transport Undertaking (STU).
While launching the Skyline Pro Series of light duty buses here, Shyam Maller, senior vice president, sales, marketing and after market, VECV, said the company would be taking part in the tender in order to bag some orders in the STU in Tamil Nadu also.
He said that the company has so far supplied over 3,200 buses to various STUs including a major order of 1101 units to the Gujarat government. The company has also supplied light duty buses to the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM), he added.
It has earler said that it is set to add one big order of 560 buses from Bihar and another order of 65 buses from Indore.
The company today launched the Skyline Pro Series buses, with variants for school and staff in Tamil Nadu. The company is manufacturing these buses in its bus body plant Pithampur, in Madhya Pradesh. The company has made investment of Rs 250 crore for the bus facility. The company would be looking at bringing in the uniform Bus Body Code standards to its existing products.

Yoga Day: Baba Ramdev hails PM Narendra Modis role behind UNdecisionBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 12, 2014 5:40 pm | Updated: December 12, 2014 5:46 pm
With UN designating June 21 as the International Yoga Day, yoga guru Ramdev on Friday said that while credit goes to Prime Minister Narendra Modi for championing the initiative leading to the declaration, one must not forget the contribution made by sages and seers to the discipline.
“No prime minister (before Modi) talked about yoga on the global stage. It was Modi ji who ran the campaign for an International Yoga Day and garnered support of 177 countries. This is the first time that a proposal in the UN received the support of 177 countries with not even a single country opposing it.
“Modi ji and his government are completely given credit for this but, socially and spiritually, there are several great men (‘mahapurush’) who worked hard for yoga education and they should also be recognised,” Ramdev told reporters here.
Less than three months after Modi mooted the proposal, the UN General Assembly has adopted an India-led resolution for declaring June 21 as ‘International Day of Yoga’ as it recognised that “Yoga provides a holistic approach to health and well-being”.
Asked about the idea of introducing yoga education in schools, Ramdev said Modi had discussed the same with him before he had become prime minister even as he added that he was committed to spreading yoga in the fields of education, health, etc.
Meanwhile, slamming the opposition over the issue of black money, Ramdev said, “They (opposition) don’t have any issues left with which to oppose Modi ji. We have waited for 66 years; Modi, whose government has not even completed a year, should be given time. I don’t have any doubt as to his promise in this regard and, so, he should be given a chance.”
Asked about the alleged conversions in Agra, Ramdev said that our main religion is “Indian” and that is our main culture as well.
“Our religion can be different, but our ancestors are not different. I want that there should be a country-wide campaign to educate people that our religion can be different but our ancestors are similar and we should live unitedly,” he said.

Slimmest smartphone Oppo R5 coming at around Rs 25 000soonBy: Tech Desk | New Delhi |
Posted: December 12, 2014 4:57 pm | Updated: December 15, 2014 11:05 am
The Oppo R5 will be available in India soon. The smartphone is expected to be priced in the range of Rs 25,000 to Rs 30,000. The Oppo R5 has surpassed the Gionee Elife S5.1 smartphone which was listed in Guinness Book of World Records as the thinnest smartphone in the world at 5.1 mm. The R5 is so thin that it doesn’t have a regular 3.5 mm headphone port. Users will have to rely on their Bluetooth earphones or connect via an adapter.
The R5 runs on an octa-core Qualcomm MSM8939, and comes with a 5.2-inch AMOLED screen. It comes PI 2.0 Plus Flash Shot technology which delivers 50MP high-definition picture clarity. Built with steel and designed with a micro-arc frame, the R5 comes with the VOOC mini rapid charging system and claims a 30-minute charge will provide 75% battery, and a five-minute charge allows for a two-hour call.

Western Railway turns 150: A look at iconic eateries around its stationsComments
For years, local trains have shaped the way Mumbai plans its day, enjoys music, makes friends, shops, sleeps and in many ways, even eats meals. For instance, dangling off a Virar fast seems worth the pain after a Pav Bhaji Franky at GVC at Andheri (W) station. Many of these iconic eateries even have interesting histories.  Santosh Sawant, who now owns the always-crowded Batata Wada Samrat right outside Santacruz (W) station, first started out with a stall. “I used to stand in front of this gate,” he says, pointing to…well, a gate that all those who disembark at this station know well.
Goragandhi is a Gujarati-run restaurant and an unmissable landmark outside Borivali station. (HT Photo)
Over the years, the railway stations have remained pretty much the same, but the eateries have undergone many makeovers — iconic stalls have turned into eateries, famous juice centres have become air-conditioned multi-cuisine restaurants, and there are several other places that nightlife aficionados remember only to be open post 1.30am for that after-drinks snack. So, as the lifeline of Mumbai, the Western Railway, celebrates its 150th birthday this year, we take a local from Churchgate to Borivali to visit some of the famous eateries, and hear a few heart-warming success stories that these stations have stood witness to.
* Goragandhi
Started as a small juice stall by Jayesh Goragandhi over 30 years ago, this Gujarati-run restaurant is an unmissable landmark outside Borivali station, and stands testament to the success stories this city nurtures. Today, it has the capacity to seat over 200 people, has an AC section, and a menu that serves everything from Mexican, Oriental and Indian cuisine to soups, starters, and an extensive dessert section. “It is a Gujarati restaurant that serves the best south Indian food in all of Borivali,” we were told by a regular.
* MM Mithaiwala
If you’ve ever stepped out of Malad (W) station, chances are you know where MM Mithaiwala is. There are three massive hoardings right outside; and in the rare instance that you’ve missed these, there are a few other billboards all over Mumbai too. The man who heads this 62-year-old conglomerate is Manmohan C Gupta and a clearly influential man in the area. Known for the dahi samosa and collection of sweets, his shop is almost always flooded with people. If you ever get a chance to meet him, like we did, you might even get a live recital of some of the Hindi poetry he has penned. 
* Batata Wada Samrat
This 28-year-old eatery is owned by a national level swimmer, Santosh Sawant. After quitting his job of a swimming coach and lifeguard at a leading city hotel, Sawant decided he make his mother’s stellar cooking available to the rest of the city. “I wanted to provide good quality food. So, our ingredients are top class, even the coriander that we buy isn’t cheap; I get it from Nasik. Our vada pav might cost slightly more (`18) than others, but it is as good as two of theirs,” says Sawant. 
* Bhurji Pao stalls
Pick from any of the stalls placed right outside the station and be assured of a delicious doused-in-butter (on request) egg scramble. The most popular serving here is the omelette-pav (`30). Around for decades, the cooks at these stalls keep changing, but the food, they say, remains consistent. Of course, since it’s cooked out on the street, it might not suit queasy stomachs. For the famous night shift here, we were told that these stalls shut at 1.30 am, and then start again at 3 am to continue till 6 pm.
* Gayatri Vegetarian Corner
These days, outside Andheri (W) station are about eight different eateries. From an omelette-pav guy and fruit plate stall and Aakash Lassi and Snacks Corner to the big daddy of fast food, McDonald’s — this stretch has options for everyone. The one that stands out, however, is the Gayatri Vegetarian Corner or GVC. Started in 2009 by a former call centre employee, Pranav Rajendra Rachh, it now has four stalls all over Mumbai. The Khichya Masala Papad, Cheese Khichiya Papad, and Pav Bhaji Franky are the items it is famously visited for. 
* Jain Sweet and Bhelpuri House
Step out of Kandivali (W) station and you’ll find yourself surrounded by eateries. To your left is Sarovar Pure Veg and to your right, stands the Jain Sweet and Bhelpuri House. Once you get past the impatient servers and generally unhelpful staff at Jain, you will find one of the freshest vada pavs in town waiting for you. In addition to the Mumbai snack, the chhole bhature (made in pure ghee) and pani puri (made using Bisleri water) are the big draws here. 

Irrigation scam: Fadnavis orders probe against PawarComments
In trouble for Maharashtra's former deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar and top NCP leaders Sunil Tatkare and Chhagan Bhujbal, chief minister Devendra Fadnavis on Friday gave a go-ahead for probe against them in an alleged corruption case.
The state's anti-corruption bureau has been asked to institute 'open inquiries' against Pawar and state NCP president Sunil Tatkare in connection with alleged corruption and irregularities in execution of various irrigation projects during their tenure as water resource ministers.
The CM also gave his approval to ACB's proposal to conduct an open inquiry into allegations of corruption and favouritism against former public works department minister Chhagan Bhujbal in construction of Maharashtra Sadan in New Delhi and two other government buildings in Mumbai built under Private Public Partnership.
The government has also ordered probe against irrigation department officials and contractors responsible for alleged irregularities.
"I have been authorised by chief minister of maharashtra to state that he has cleared open inquiries by ACB against Ajit Pawar, Sunil Tatkare and Chhagan Bhujbal," advocate general Sunil Manohar told the Nagpur bench of the Bombay high court.
Manohar said Fadnavis had asked the ACB to go ahead with probe against the three top NCP leaders in the alleged scams in which several thousand crores of rupees were siphoned off with the connivance of greedy contractors and pliant officials.
A division bench of the court comprising justice Bhushan Gavai and justice VM Deshpande recorded his statement and disposed of PILs demanding investigation.
"When big-wigs are being probed along with officials and contractors, there is no point in keeping these petitions pending," the court observed while making it clear that petitioners can always approach it again, if they are not satisfied with the inquiry.

Do you feel confidentSHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
You probably think that if someone asks you how you’re feeling, they don’t really want to know how you’re feeling. And this is true, unless the person asking you is an economist.
Geraldine Hoff Doyle smiles and poses for a photo with the WWII Rosie the Riveter poster that was made with her likeness and was most popular during that era. (AP Photo/The State Journal, Robert Killips)
And why on earth would an economist want to know how you’re feeling? Because at the dry dusty heart of economics is a fascination with human emotion. When consumers are confident, they are more likely to buy things and keep the economy humming. When they’re scared, they keep their wallets shut tight.
Investors will get a peek into consumers’ deepest feelings today, when the Reuters/University of Michigan Consumer Sentiment index is released. The index gained 1.9 points to 88.8 in November, its best reading since July 2007.
The index, which is based on polling data, has several components that bear watching. One component: Consumers’ assessment of current economic conditions. Last month, that soared 4.4 points to 102.7, the highest since July 2007, according to Moody’s Analytics. Part of this could have to do wth substantially lower gas prices, which puts money directly into consumers’ pockets.
Another reason for the mood boost: Jobs are more plentiful. Except for one week in November, initial unemployment claims have been below 300,000 for three months, the first time that’s happened since 2000, Moody’s says. So far, consumers are still cautious about the future. But another couple of good months could turn that around.

China s century Oh really...china s century oh really...
LS passes bill on coal block allocationsLS passes bill on coal block allocations
Rang De micro-credit banking service makes big out of smallRang De micro-credit banking service makes big out of small
Pricol jumps 11% intra-day on overseas acquisition; ends 3% upPricol jumps 11% intra-day on overseas acquisition; ends 3% up
Int l Yoga Day: Ramdev hails Modi s role behind UN decisionInt l Yoga Day: Ramdev hails Modi s role behind UN decision
RIL falls below Rs 900 as crude oil continues to slipRIL falls below Rs 900 as crude oil continues to slip
Xiaomi suspends selling smartphones in IndiaNot just sales, Xiaomi shuts down its India website too
BS Reporter | New Delhi Dec 12, 2014 05:24 PM IST
The world's third largest smartphone maker that has, on Friday morning put out a public announcement addressing all its consumers in India stating that it has been "forced to suspend sales" of its smartphones in India, its second largest market after China.
The company has put out the announcement on its India website, which now contains only one page that shows the letter from its global vice president Hugo Barra, has took out all other information, including the product info, after the Delhi High Court, on 8 December, restrained the company from selling handsets that run on technology patented by Ericsson.
However, Xiaomi's Facebook page on Indian market is still live.
In an open letter to Indian consumers, Hugo Barra, Xiaomi's global vice president, said: "We have been forced to suspend sales until further notice due to an order passed by the Delhi High Court. As a law abiding company, we are investigating the matter carefully and assessing our legal options." The latter has been posted on the company's India website and Barra has also posted the same on his personal Facebook page.
Ericsson has claimed that Xiaomi has not been paying licence fee to Ericsson for using its patented technologies.
"Our sincere apologies to all Indian Mi fans! Please rest assured that we're doing all we can to revert the situation. We have greatly enjoyed our journey with you in India over the last five months and we firmly intend to continue it!" Barra added.
The third largest smartphone maker in the world has already sold 800,000-900,000 smartphones in India in the past few months. In his letter, Barra said, Xiaomi has received over 150,000 registrations for Redmi Note on Flipkart in the past two days.

Bengal govt offers to renegotiate PPA for JSW s Salboni projectBengal govt offers to renegotiate PPA  for JSW's Salboni project
Probal Basak | Kolkata Dec 12, 2014 05:22 PM IST
In the wake of Sajjan Jindal's recent announcement to put the Rs 35,000-crore integrated steel, power and cement project at Salboni on hold, the West Bengal government is now ready to renegotiate power purchase agreement (PPAs) for the project, which it had cancelled earlier.
"We are ready to renegotiate with JSW for the PPAs if they are interested do the project. They should show the keenness to take forward the project," West Bengal power minister Manish Gupta told Business Standard.
With West Bengal turning into a power surplus state, partially due to lack of industrial activity, the state government had earlier in the year cancellled some of the power purchase agreements (PPA) with combined capacity of 1,000 Mw, including a 300 MW PPA with JSW.
"If PPA is the problem, we are ready to renegotiate. JSW should show the right intention to take forward the project," Gupta added.
JSW Steel did not respond to state government's offer renegotiate the PPA once again.
If the PPAs are once again put in place, this would provide a lifeline for the project, as JSW Steel may be in a position to kick start the project with the power plant. The assurance from the state government may also prompt the company to aggressively bid for the coal block.
Recently, Sajjan Jindal during his visit to Kolkata announced to keep the project on hold. "There was a power purchase agreement between West Bengal State Electricity Distribution Company and our group which is no longer valid. If we get these blocks after the auction again, then we will plan on how to go about it," he had said.
After several run-ins, West Bengal government and JSW Steel had reached an understanding that work on the power project would be taken up first since the steel plant was held up due to want of iron ore. JSW group had planned to implement the 600 MW power project first banking on a PPA with West Bengal State Electricity Distribution Company for 300 Mw.
However, the cancellation of PPA by the state government as well as Supreme Court verdict cancelling the coal blocks alloted to the project, jeopardised JSW's plan to implement at least the power plant.
Meanwhile, state government's change of stance to renegotiate the PPA seems to be following locals' protest, which opposition parties, especially BJP is trying cash in on. In fact, Trinamool Congress too sent its state president and MP Subrata Bakshi to organise a dharna.
"We want the project to happen. The huge land cannot lie idle. We could solve the problem in 12 hours if we had all the power. But the Centre has a role here," Bakshi said.
 

Govt working overtime to push reforms; GDP to rise to 6-6.5%:FMGovt working overtime to push reforms; GDP to rise to 6-6.5%:FM
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 12, 2014 04:30 PM IST
Committing to push growth rate to 6-6.5 per cent in the next fiscal, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today said the government is "working overtime" to push reforms, especially, in sectors like insurance, coal and Goods and Services Tax (GST).
"We are working overtime on reforms...Insurance bill will be taken up next week", the Minister said while speaking at a programme organised by television channel Aaj Tak.
The Minister further said that he sat late last evening with state Finance Ministers to sort out the issues hampering roll out of the long-pending GST.
"I will try to introduce the Constitution amendment bill for GST in the current session of Parliament so that it could be discussed and considered in the next session," he said, adding the bill to clear mess in the coal during UPA regime is being taken up by Parliament.
The government, Jaitley said, was hopeful of achieving an economic growth rate of 6-6.5 per cent in the next financial year and over 7 per cent thereafter.
Refuting the criticism that government has not taken any big-ticket reform measures in the last six months, the Minister said, they are not about "sensationalising things. One should see the big picture."
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, he added, announced the important decision of abolishing the Planning Commission, an institution which which became irrelevant after the introduction of the economic reforms in 1991.
He further said the government decontrolled diesel and would take more steps to streamline public expenditure and rationalise subsidies after receiving the report of the Expenditure Commission.

Rajan Says Current Account Deficit Comfortable Despite WideningYou are here: Home Economy
RBI Governor Says Current Account Deficit Comfortable Despite Widening
Reuters | Updated On: December 11, 2014 18:29 (IST)
Arun Jaitley Resolves to Encourage Public, Private Investment in 2015
Kolkata: The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is comfortable with the current account deficit even after it widened in the July-September quarter, Governor Dr Raghuram Rajan said on Thursday.
Still, Dr Rajan, speaking at a news conference after the central bank's board meeting, said risks remain to the current account deficit even though he was not apprehensive about it.
India's current account deficit widened to 2.1 per cent of gross domestic product in the July-September quarter, higher than both the previous quarter and a year earlier, the RBI said on Monday.
Turning to the economy, Dr Rajan said an interest rate cut won't by itself lead to higher economic growth, although he noted it would have an impact.
Dr Rajan also noted the central bank was in discussions with the government about reviewing priority sector lending norms for foreign banks operating in India, the governor said.
Turning to limits on foreign investments in government bonds, Dr Rajan said it would look at raising the limit at an appropriate time, and would look at expanding it steadily.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Cubs  WLS-Ch. 7 closing in on deal to air 25 games next season31
The deal with a network-owned station is something of a media curveball, with few industry observers pegging WLS-TV as a player in the Cubs' drawn-out drama to find a new TV partner. Where the balance of next season's television schedule ends up remains to be seen, but Kenney said Friday the team will announce a home for the team's remaining games soon.
While the network has signed off on the deal, ABC 7 will air most of the games on the weekends, to avoid disruption of a busy prime-time schedule, Idler said.
"We have a number of games that we're going to be having in prime time," Idler said. "But Saturday and Sunday are certainly easier, from a network standpoint ... to run those games."
ABC 7 is allowed to market its 25-game package to other regional TV stations, Idler said, which would open up the broadcasts to viewers outside of the Chicago market.
While some industry observers say it is late in the game to begin selling advertising for next season, ABC 7 sounded optimistic about the prospects.
"It can't help but generate excitement for our viewers while providing our ABC sales teams the opportunity to offer extraordinary media opportunities to our clients in Chicago and across the country," said Vincent Sollecito, vice president and general sales manager of ABC 7.
The timing may prove fortuitous for the station, with signings of ace pitcher Jon Lester and coveted manager Joe Maddon generating renewed interest in the team.
"They've made some fantastic moves," Idler said, "so we're really confident that the ratings are going to follow."
This is not the first time Cubs games have aired on Ch. 7, however.
In 1949, three stations broadcast games, according to the Chicago Baseball Museum, including WGN, WBKB and WENR, the predecessor to WLS. WENR-TV dropped out after one season.

Crude the big theme for now  bigger than reforms: Raamdeo08:00 am
Crude is the big theme that will drive market trend in the near to medium term, says Raamdeo Agrawal, Joint MD, Motilal Oswal.
In an interview to CNBC-TV18’s Latha Venkatesh and Sonia Shenoy, he says that falling crude is a bigger theme than even the change of government at the centre earlier this year.
“Provided the fall in crude prices is sustainable and not just a one-quarter phenomenon,” Agrawal added as a caveat.
He sees petrochemical companies posting huge losses in the September quarter because of the steep decline in their inventory of crude. However, it will fire up the earnings of many companies whose raw material prices are linked to crude.
 
Agrawal says it will give a big boost to the earnings of consumer companies as it will be upto them to decide how much of the benefits they would like to pass on. Commodity companies will have no such advantage as they will have to pass on the fall in commodity prices.
He says the market could see a correction near term, but it made sense only for traders to book profits now and get in at lower prices. For those looking to benefit from the secular bull market over the next few years, it would pay to sit tight and ignore market fluctuations, Agrawal says.
On identifying multibagger stocks, he says investors should go for companies with a competent management and where not much is known about the business. He quoted a noted management consultant who said that 90 percent of the company was about its management, 9 percent was about the business and 1 percent about everything else.
Below is the transcript of Raamdeo Agrawal's interview.
Latha: Tell us what are the highlights of the 19th annual wealth creation study itself, I believe this study is called biggest, fastest, most consistent?
A: It is 19th part of the study. I have been doing this for 19 years, when I count 19, it looks to be like two decades.
Latha: When you say 100x stocks what exactly are you looking at what was the theme in the mind when you started the study?
A: The idea of this study when I started in October was that what is the importance of growth in wealth creation because the changes in the stock price is made up of earnings change and rating change. What are the sources of changes -- why Re 1 goes to Rs 10 or Re 1 goes to Rs 100.
For example,  Infosys is 4,000 times up in my own lifetime and I saw the stock listing in 1993, the offer was Rs 31.50 crore, it got listed at Rs 50 crore because Rs 95 they offered, it first traded at Rs 145, the marketcap was Rs 50 crore, today it is 2 lakh crore and I think they have given Rs 20,000 crore dividend and Rs 25,000 crore will again come.
So what I am saying that it is possible in one lifetime to make wealth like this. This is not a company, which people came to know only 12 months back. It is a happening thing and along with that the entire sector whether Wipro ,  TCS -- so I think huge amount of wealth has been created.
Index itself is 100x in 30 years. This is a record. In US, the Dow takes 50-60 years to go 100 times. Today 18,000 of Dow, it was 180 sometimes in 1940s-1950s whereas index was 280 in 1983-1984. So it has taken just 30 years.
Everyday you don’t get 100x. The most important thing I learnt from this is that you require vision to see these companies and courage to act. These two are still easy but you should have the patience to hold because it requires 10-15 years of holding.
I hope after this study I become a little wiser and hold it little longer than I have been but I have been blessed with one stock, which I am still holding on and it has become 100 bagger. So it is not that it doesn’t happen.
I am talking about Hero Motocorp . I bought it at Rs 30, today it is Rs 3,200 and it has given me Rs 1,200-1,300 dividend. So what I am saying is that patience is required. All the big wealth has been created with vision, courage and patience. So these are the three things.
Sonia: Since the last time you came on our show, we spoke about a lot of stocks and in your note as well you write that  Eicher Motors is the fastest wealth creator and we are getting a lot of queries on our twitter timeline. A gentleman bought that stock when we spoke to you last, it was around Rs 8,000 and currently it is at about Rs 15,000. The question is at what point do you take profits or do you just hold because these are good quality companies and there is no problem with the management?
A: Our investment philosophy as I now call it is QGLP, quality, growth, longevity at reasonable price. So if there is a quality and if there is a growth both in the company and there is a longevity of growth because the segment in which they operate is monopolistic segment which is growing very rapidly. The Volvo story is yet to start. It is a very good company.
I have seen one thing that everybody on the street is trying to value and the only valuation they will use is P/E multiple. I am not saying it is bad thing but it times you in a high quality and a high growth when it comes together because people mistake at times quality for growth. Quality is one thing and growth is another. When both of them come together, it is like an exponential stuff. You cannot pay any price but you have to be far more lenient what valuation can you give because this is a very predictable economy, I have seen in 25 years and next 25 years, this economy is -- 5 percent recession in this country.

Worst not yet over for auto  grim outlook to remain: MarutiMaruti cannot complain; we are still in double digit growth but if you exclude Maruti, the rest of the industry till the end of November has been in negative territory
RC Bhargava
Chairman
Maruti Suzuki
The festive season was a disappointment and the outlook for the automobile industry is likely to remain grim for this year, says RC Bhargava, chairman, Maruti Suzuki .
According to the auto industry veteran, the worst is not yet over for the sector. He, however, admits that the growth in November picked up though whether it will be sustainable or not is yet to be seen. 
Speaking to CNBC-TV18, Bhargava adds that though exports have increased substantially, they may not salvage the growth for the entire sector as the total volume of exports is still a very small part of the production.
The current fall in crude prices to below USD 65 per barrel level is a positive for the company as it reduces the cost of production significantly.
"But more importantly, the user’s cost of maintaining and operating a car gets reduced and that gives a greater benefit to us than the reduction in our own cost. This is because the sale of cars go up when the customer find that its not as expensive to maintain a car as he thought it would be," Bhargava concluded.
Below is verbatim transcript of the interview:
Q: The festive season was quite lukewarm for the entire sector but in November we saw a bit of a pick up. How are you assessing the situation in the first part of the New Year?
A: The festive season certainly was a disappointment but November picked up, now whether this is going to be maintained in the subsequent months or this was just an aberration for a month, is very difficult to say yet. But overall if you look at the picture for the industry for the whole year, it is still not so bright.
Maruti cannot complain; we are still in double digit growth but if you exclude Maruti, the rest of the industry till the end of November has been in negative territory. Therefore, we still need to see some more time before we can make a judgment as to whether things have started to improve or not.
Q: If you excluded Maruti, is the industry still contracting in November?
A: Not in November, but the industry has contracted from April till November.
Q: We are trying to gauge whether there is an inflexion point here or at least a u-turn even if not a very sharp one. Would you have that confidence? The November numbers nearly 20 percent higher year-on-year, you know the first 15 days of December. Are you getting a sense that the worst is over for industry and Maruti?
A: I wouldn’t make a judgement yet till I see in December and January because wholesale figures are not necessarily an indication of what is happening in the market.
One month’s wholesale figure can be high and what is reported, is the wholesale figure and not the retail figure and unless you look at wholesale figure for at least a quarter, you cannot be very sure as to whether there is a sustained growth movement or not.
Q: One thing that we have noticed amongst all companies is the fact that exports has been driving the overall sales for the past couple of months. Do you think this exports will continue to salvage the growth for the sector and domestic sales will be lukewarm for a while?
A: Exports have certainly increased at much higher percentage than what it was last year. But the total volume of exports is still a small part of the total production and sales of the automobile industry.
I am not sure if one could legitimately say that exports are driving the growth of the industry, for example in Maruti’s case the exports this year compared to last year will be higher maybe by 8,000-10,000 vehicles – that is not such a large number when you are talking of 1.3 million of total production.
Q: Is that market secure because we hear of so much of downturn stories? Is the pace of growth of that small element in your basket secure or is it dibbly-dobbly?
A: This has certainly turned out better. The export markets are looking up a bit but one can never be very sure of predicting the export market on a long-term basis because some country or the other sometimes changes some of its rules and regulations and immediately that has an impact on sales of vehicles.
For example this year we have been lucky that Sri Lanka lowered its import duties and the sale in Sri Lanka from a few 100 cars has gone up to 2,000 cars a month. So the difference is so large because of some of these regulatory changes that it becomes a bit hard to say what will happen in the future.
Q: How will you access the fall in energy prices? Does it mean more people will drive or in running any company, since you are so much a manufacturing man, does it make the operational cost much lower?
A: It makes an impact on the operational cost but more important is fall in commodity prices including crude because everything has softened in the last few months.
It reduces our cost of production but more importantly, the user’s cost of maintaining and operating a car gets reduced and that gives a greater benefit to us than the reduction in our own cost. This is because the sale of cars go up when the customer find that its not as expensive to maintain a car as he thought it would be.
Q: The analyst fraternity is keenly watching out for the new launches from Maruti’s stable specifically the SX Crossover and the XA Alpha. Can you give us a timeline in terms of when these new launches are expected and also how is the Ciaz doing in terms of demand?
A: The Ciaz demand has been good. It was slightly impacted because we had to get a few cars coming back to us to check for the clutch problem but overall it’s as much as we thought it would be, it is doing well.
As far as other models are concerned, we can never disclose in advance the date of its launch but the Crossover would come certainly in the first half of 2015.
Q: How much does the yen add to your margins?
A: Our capacity of Manesar in Gurgaon is close to 1.5 million cars and so far this year we are running at something nearing 1.3. Therefore, anything which adds to volume and therefore, better utilisation of capacity will always add to margins because the depreciation and fixed costs are already accounted in the smaller volume.
Q: I meant the depreciation of the currency, the yen?
A: The depreciation is a positive factor except if the dollar keeps going up because the rupee-yen rate is a cross rate between the yen and the dollar and the rupee.
While the depreciation of the yen helps us, the appreciation of the dollar does not but overall it been an advantage and our margins have improved in the last quarter because of the fact that the yen has become cheaper.
Q: Some analysts were forecasting that because of the depreciation in the yen the margins could go up to about 14 percent or so in the next one-one-and-a-half years from 12.5 percent currently. Is that a reasonable expectation?
A: I wouldn’t predict margins for a longer term because there are too many uncertainties associated with margins. It relates to commodity costs, it relates to inflation but who can predict the currency’s movement over the next year or two years.
Maruti Suzuki stock price
On January 02, 2015, Maruti Suzuki India closed at Rs 3359.70, up Rs 18.20, or 0.54 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 3459.75 and the 52-week low was Rs 1541.25.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 102.82 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 32.68. The latest book value of the company is Rs 694.45 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 4.84.
RELATED NEWS

economic numbers from ChinaMining firms drag FTSE 100 lower
Asian markets experienced mixed fortunes after two contrasting pieces of economic data emerged from China.
China's industrial output grew by a less-than-expected 7.2% in November from a year ago, but retail sales rose 11.7%, beating forecasts.
Fixed-asset investment, an important economic driver, grew 15.8% in the first 11 months of the year, in line with expectations.
The data seemed to have little impact on Chinese shares which traded flat.
Hong Kong's Hang Seng index closed 0.3% lower at 23,249.20 points, while on the mainland, the Shanghai Composite rose 0.4% to 2,938.17.
Eye on elections
In Japan, the benchmark Nikkei 225 closed up 0.7% at 17,371.58 after losing nearly 4% in the previous three days.
The dollar was at 119.55 yen in afternoon trade compared with 118.65 yen in the New York session.
Investors are also keeping a close eye on elections this weekend as Prime Minister Shinzo Abe seeks a mandate to delay another increase to the country's sales tax.
Shares of Canon surged as much as 4.1%, to their highest since May 2013, after an upward revision to its year-end dividend forecast. It closed up 3.9%.
Australia's market fell with shares in mining companies being hit after iron ore prices fell to their lowest level in more than five years.
Benchmark 62% grade iron ore for immediate delivery to China's Tianjin port fell to $68.80 a tonne on Thursday, just a touch off a five-and-a-half year low of $68 reached in November.
The S&P/ASX 200 closed down 0.2% at 5,219.60 - marking its fourth consecutive session of declines.
It was the market's worst weekly performance in three weeks, falling 2.2%.
In South Korea, the benchmark Kospi index ended up 0.3% at 1,921.71.
More on This Story

Changes in water billsWater today, water tomorrow
Ofwat would like to place cookies on your computer to help us make this website better. To find out more about the cookies, please see our privacy statement .
You must tick the 'I accept cookies from this site' box to accept.
I accept cookies from this site.
Shortcut keys for this site

If your phone is stolen and youProtect your phone with a passcode
Ask your provider to block expensive numbers
Note down provider's contact number
Report thefts to network and Police
Negotiate on charges
source: Citizens Advice
She wants the £50 cap introduced as soon as possible, in line with caps on stolen credit and debit cards.
Natalie Doughty from Newport, Wales, told the BBC she had received a bill for £1,000 after her phone was stolen while she was abroad. She said her mobile phone operator EE was "not at all helpful and have passed the debt onto a third party to collect".
She added that on top of paying back the bill, she paid £400 to cancel the contract with EE.
In response to Citizens Advice, the government said a deal had been reached with the phone companies in principle, but the final details still had to be worked out.
It said Ed Vaizey, a minister at the Department of Culture, Media and Sport (DCMS), was hoping to have a meeting with the industry soon, to get the cap implemented.
The mobile operators said discussions with the government, the regulator and the manufacturers were ongoing.
But one operator said it was concerned that a cap could mean some consumers not bothering to report a stolen phone.
"It's important that there remains an incentive to report a lost phone to prevent fraud, as we do not want to create an environment where it is even more attractive for criminals to focus on mobile phone theft," said a Vodafone spokeswoman.
Spanish hotspot
The regulator, Ofcom, is also concerned about the issue.
"Our evidence shows that while the proportion of consumers affected is low, the level of financial harm in individual cases can be substantial," said an Ofcom spokesperson.
At the moment, consumers are not liable for the cost of phone calls once they have reported a loss to their provider.
But Citizens Advice said phone companies could do more to detect stolen phones, by monitoring calls to high-cost numbers.
The advice being offered to consumers is:
Put a passcode on your phone and on your SIM card
Ask your provider to block calls to premium-rate or international numbers
Note down a contact number for your provider, in case you need to get in touch
Report your stolen phone to the network as soon as possible
Report thefts to the Police
If you are charged for unauthorised calls, negotiate with the provider to reduce the bill
Citizens Advice said that of the cases it had dealt with this year, more than a third involved phones stolen in Spain.
And most of the phones stolen in Spain were taken in the popular destination of Barcelona.
More on This Story

Delivery companies are strugglingYodel stops picking up online orders from retailers
By Emma Simpson Business correspondent, BBC News
Black Friday sets Amazon UK record
The courier firm Yodel has stopped collecting parcels from retailers as it struggles to deal with the huge jump in online orders following the Black Friday sales.
The company says some customers will face delays of up to 72 hours as it works to clear the backlog.
It has told clients there will be no collections from distribution centres on Thursday or Friday.
The company said it hopes to resume normal service on Monday.
In a letter to clients, the company's executive chairman, Dick Stead, said that Black Friday and Cyber Monday had exceeded all analysts' expectations and in many cases orders for UK retailers were double the previous record level set last year.
Parcel volumes then continued with Manic Monday, earlier this week.
"This is not a decision we have taken lightly, but one that we have had to take to protect service levels," he said.
Yodel, which describes itself as the leading delivery company in the UK, said that orders would continue to be delivered: "We would like to reassure shoppers that there is no suspension to our delivery service." It said in a statement.
It added: "Deliveries will continue throughout this period, and we are working hard to ensure that these are made as soon as possible. However, some parcels may be delayed for up to 72 hours.
"By Monday we expect to resume our normal service. We would like to apologise for any inconvenience this may cause to our clients and their customers."
Affected customers
A spokesperson for Amazon, which uses Yodel as one of its couriers, said: "Amazon orders continue to be processed and delivered in the normal time frame.  For example, Prime customers can order for next day delivery."
Catalogue retailer, Argos, said deliveries to its customers were unaffected, but that a small number of customers wishing to return goods over the next couple of days would be temporarily affected by Yodel's suspension to its collection service for some retailers.
It said: " We are very sorry and are urgently contacting all affected customers to rearrange their collections.
"In the meantime, unlike other online retailers, customers have the option of returning items at their nearest Argos store. 90% of the UK population lives within seven miles of one of our 734 stores."
Earlier this week Marks and Spencer was forced to extend delivery dates for online orders as a new distribution centre struggled to cope with heavy Christmas demand.
The online retail industry body, IMRG, recently predicted that Christmas 2014 would be the busiest on record for the UK's online logistics industry.
Andrew Starkey, IMRG's Head of e-Logistics, commented: "All the indications are that more than 210 million online parcels will be sent out during November and December by UK retailers alone."
More on This Story

Yodel has put on hold collectionsYodel stops picking up online orders from retailers
By Emma Simpson Business correspondent, BBC News
Black Friday sets Amazon UK record
The courier firm Yodel has stopped collecting parcels from retailers as it struggles to deal with the huge jump in online orders following the Black Friday sales.
The company says some customers will face delays of up to 72 hours as it works to clear the backlog.
It has told clients there will be no collections from distribution centres on Thursday or Friday.
The company said it hopes to resume normal service on Monday.
In a letter to clients, the company's executive chairman, Dick Stead, said that Black Friday and Cyber Monday had exceeded all analysts' expectations and in many cases orders for UK retailers were double the previous record level set last year.
Parcel volumes then continued with Manic Monday, earlier this week.
"This is not a decision we have taken lightly, but one that we have had to take to protect service levels," he said.
Yodel, which describes itself as the leading delivery company in the UK, said that orders would continue to be delivered: "We would like to reassure shoppers that there is no suspension to our delivery service." It said in a statement.
It added: "Deliveries will continue throughout this period, and we are working hard to ensure that these are made as soon as possible. However, some parcels may be delayed for up to 72 hours.
"By Monday we expect to resume our normal service. We would like to apologise for any inconvenience this may cause to our clients and their customers."
Affected customers
A spokesperson for Amazon, which uses Yodel as one of its couriers, said: "Amazon orders continue to be processed and delivered in the normal time frame.  For example, Prime customers can order for next day delivery."
Catalogue retailer, Argos, said deliveries to its customers were unaffected, but that a small number of customers wishing to return goods over the next couple of days would be temporarily affected by Yodel's suspension to its collection service for some retailers.
It said: " We are very sorry and are urgently contacting all affected customers to rearrange their collections.
"In the meantime, unlike other online retailers, customers have the option of returning items at their nearest Argos store. 90% of the UK population lives within seven miles of one of our 734 stores."
Earlier this week Marks and Spencer was forced to extend delivery dates for online orders as a new distribution centre struggled to cope with heavy Christmas demand.
The online retail industry body, IMRG, recently predicted that Christmas 2014 would be the busiest on record for the UK's online logistics industry.
Andrew Starkey, IMRG's Head of e-Logistics, commented: "All the indications are that more than 210 million online parcels will be sent out during November and December by UK retailers alone."
More on This Story

OnMobile Soars; Share Buy-Back ApprovedSensex Rises More Than 300 Points; Bank Nifty Hits Record
Shares in OnMobile Global surged nearly 5 per cent to a day high of Rs 72.90 on Friday after the company's board approved a share buy-back plan yesterday.
OnMobile will buy back its shares at a price not exceeding Rs 86 per share for an aggregate amount upto Rs 49 crore, the company said.
OnMobile is a mobile value added services provider and is headquartered in Bangalore.
Companies do share buy-back when they feel that their shares are undervalued in the market and it also shows that management is confident about their business outlook.
Share buy-back also increases promoter's holding in a company and reduces free-float of the shares, which is viewed as positively by investors.
OnMobile shares were locked in upper circuit at Rs 72.90 as of 9.55 a.m.
Its shares have gained around 10 per cent in this week after the company said that it was considering a buy-back plan on December 8, 2014.
Story first published on: December 12, 2014 11:18 (IST)

The regulator has "challenged" theHousehold water bills in England and Wales will fall by an average of 5% - not including inflation - by 2020, the regulator Ofwat has ruled.
This would see average bills fall in real terms by about £20 from £396 to £376.
However, consumers will still pay more, as the companies are allowed to add on inflation, as measured by RPI.
RPI is typically higher than CPI inflation, and is currently running at 2.3% a year.
Nevertheless the Consumer Council for Water (CCW) said it was good news for consumers.
"Most water companies and the regulator have listened to customers and delivered a deal which reflects the services they want, at a price most find acceptable," said Tony Smith, the chief executive of the CCW.
Customers 'get more'
Continue reading the main story
“Start Quote
With bills held down by 5% and service driven up over the next five years, customers will get more and pay less”
End Quote Cathryn Ross Ofwat chief executive
After two years of deliberations, Ofwat has now determined the levels at which all 18 water and sewerage companies can set their prices for the five-year period beginning in April 2015.
Thames has been told it will have to cut charges by 5% in real terms, United Utilities must cut by 3%, and Bristol Water - a water-only company - must cut charges by 21%.
Ofwat said the ruling will allow water companies to invest £44bn over the next five years, or £2,000 per household.
"With bills held down by 5% and service driven up over the next five years, customers will get more and pay less," said Cathryn Ross, Ofwat chief executive.
For water and sewage charges, Anglian customers will see the greatest percentage drop in yearly bills, down 10% to an average of £390 by 2019-20.
Northumbrian customers will see the smallest change in their bills, dropping 1% to £382.
The main factor behind Ofwat ordering a drop in bills has been the sustained period in low interest rates.
This has allowed water companies to borrow much more cheaply for infrastructure projects, which are among their main costs.
Changes in Water Bills 2015 to 2019
Company
Average bill by 2019, before RPI
Average change, before RPI

Xiaomi s growth loses shine with India banXiaomi's growth loses shine after Delhi HC bans sale of phones
Robyn Mak     Hong Kong   Last Updated: December 12, 2014  | 13:54 IST
Xiaomi Vice President Hugo Barra at an event in California in October 2014. (Photo: Reuters)
The rapid growth of Xiaomi, China's top smartphone maker, is starting to lose its shine. A patent dispute has forced the company to stop selling handsets temporarily in India, a ban that comes just five months after Xiaomi's entry into the world's third largest smartphone market.
Swedish group Ericsson is demanding that the Chinese smartphone maker compensate it for using protected technology in its phones in India. Xiaomi could probably pay up and start selling again, but patent fees will likely squeeze margins, and in turn the company's valuation.
The financial impact looks small: the bulk of the company's $5 billion in sales the first half of this year came from its home market of China.
Yet the stakes are high: smartphone shipments to India will reach over 80 million units by the end of the year, according to research group IDC, and are expected to grow at an astonishing 40 per cent for the next five years.
A retreat from India, even if temporary, will set back Xiaomi's efforts to replicate its Chinese success in India's already crowded market, where Samsung and Nokia are waging a fierce battle with local brands like Micromax and Karbonn.
Xiaomi could probably settle with Ericsson and continue its overseas push - the smartphone maker took in 3.5 billion yuan ($565 million) in profits in 2013, according to the Wall Street Journal, citing the company's own document.
But patent fees will compress its profitability. It could also open doors to other patent lawsuits elsewhere. Chinese hardware giants Huawei and ZTE have already sent warnings to Xiaomi, local media reported in November.
Higher costs will likely undermine Xiaomi's valuation, which according to reports of its latest funding round could be as much as $50 billion. That's almost 4.4 times the handset maker's current year's sales - more than what Apple trades on.
After its Indian glitch, Xiaomi's worth looks less certain.
(The author is a Reuters Breakingviews columnist. The opinions expressed are her own.)

on Newsnight last nightRuna Khan - jailed jihadi, the liberal case for reducing immigration, when robots rule the world, Ed Miliband on the deficit and weatherbombs.
Share this page

Energy companies have been pushingMinisters' shale gas 'hype' attacked
By Roger Harrabin BBC environment analyst
Exploratory drilling was carried out in Balcombe, West Sussex
'Fracking' sites in the north west
Ministers have "completely oversold" the potential of shale gas, energy experts say.
Researchers from the UK Energy Research Centre (UKERC) told the BBC promises of lower prices and greater energy security from UK shale gas were “hype” and "lacking in evidence".
UKERC, an academic consortium covering 30 institutions, has produced a report on the future of gas in the UK.
The Treasury said the potential of shale gas was "too big to ignore".
The report authors said shale gas - a natural gas that can be drawn from rock through hydraulic fracturing, or fracking - was so early in its infancy it was impossible to know how much could be extracted and at what cost.
'Extraordinary'
But they said it was most unlikely to make a substantial difference to prices or to the security of energy supplies in the UK.
Supporters say the fracking of shale gas could significantly contribute to the UK's future energy needs, but critics say the process could lead to environmental problems.
“It is very frustrating to keep hearing that shale gas is going to solve our energy problems – there’s no evidence for that whatsoever... it's hype”, Prof Jim Watson, UKERC research director, told BBC News.
“It’s extraordinary that ministers keep making these statements. They clearly want to create a narrative. But we are researchers – we deal in facts, not narratives. And at the moment there is no evidence on how shale gas will develop in the UK.
“Shale gas has been completely oversold. Where ministers got this rhetoric from I have absolutely no idea. It’s very misleading for the public.”
His UKERC colleague Prof Mike Bradshaw cast doubt on plans for a "sovereign wealth fund" from shale gas for the north of England.
“Talk about a bonanza is incredible,” he said. “It hasn’t happened and it might never happen. Even if shale gas does get developed in the north of England, the extra amount of money generated will probably be relatively small - so the fund will be even smaller.”
The researchers said they were not against searching for shale gas, but objected to the rhetoric used by its supporters.
The United States has enjoyed a shale gas boom. But Prof Bradshaw said the future of the UK industry was uncertain because the geology is different; environmental safeguards are stronger, and the industry had not yet persuaded people to host drilling pads in the neighbourhoods.
"There is huge uncertainty about all these things,” he said.
'Bridging fuel'
"Only one thing is virtually certain – in Europe shale gas is not going to be a game-changer.”
The group’s report charts a limited future for gas as part of the UK’s electricity system. It says in order to meet Climate Change Act targets, gas-fired power generation will need to have almost completely stopped by 2030.
As UK shale gas is not expected to be produced in substantial quantities until the 2020s, that leaves a small window of opportunity for investors in the industry.
Globally, it says, gas must not be burned for electricity after 2035 if the world is to get on track to avoid dangerous climate change - that is unless new technology is used to capture the CO2 emissions.
The process of fracking is opposed by many people, including some environmental groups
It says gas may provide a “bridging fuel” to help other nations out of coal-burning and into clean energy systems - but this did not apply in the UK, which had its own “dash for gas” in the 1990s. The use of gas in the electricity system had peaked and would not rise again because of climate targets, its authors say.
This is why the government has introduced a support mechanism for investors to build new gas-fired power plants needed to back up erratic renewable energy.
'Great potential'
There has been tension within government over how heavily shale gas should be promoted. The Lib Dem Energy Secretary Ed Davey has previously warned against "hyperbole".
Pro-shale gas campaigner Nick Grealy told BBC News: "The UK gas and oil has been there for over 200 million years. There is continuing uncertainty for UK citizens who own the resources.
"The question of the viability of shale gas in the UK has to be settled once and for all for everyone's interest – and that can only be done by starting to drill wells now."
The Treasury said shale gas had "great potential to be a domestic energy resource to make us less reliant on imports and open up a wealth of job opportunities".
A spokeswoman added: "Independent reports say that it could lead to lower energy prices across the EU. It can also act as a bridge towards a low carbon future.
"The sovereign wealth fund is a very interesting idea which we want to explore as a way of making sure the money that comes from the shale gas that we're going to be pulling out of the ground is not squandered on day to day spending but invested in the long-term economic health of the north of England and other areas that host shale gas developments to create jobs and investment there."
Follow Roger on Twitter @rharrabin
More on This Story

United Spirits jumps 6%; Edelweiss sets target at Rs 5 336You are here: Home Market
United Spirits Jumps 6%; Edelweiss Sets Target at Rs 5,336
NDTV | Updated On: December 12, 2014 13:52 (IST)
Sensex Rises More Than 300 Points; Bank Nifty Hits Record
Shares in United Spirits(USL) gained over 6 per cent to a day high of Rs 2,930 on Friday.
Domestic brokerage Edelweiss maintains buy on the stock with a two-year target price of Rs 5,336, which indicates a potential upside of nearly 85 per cent from the current levels.
Edelweiss says USL is a play on revival in discretionary consumption. It expects return on capital employed (RoCE) of the company to triple to 27 per cent over FY15-FY18.
As of 1.47 p.m., shares in USL traded 5.06 per cent higher at Rs 2,892 apiece, outperforming the Nifty which was down 0.17 per cent at 8,278.
Story first published on: December 12, 2014 13:49 (IST)

With  national consensus   India can achieve 8-9% growth: ManmohanIndia manufacturing activity expands to 2-year high as orders surge; PMI at 54.5 in Dec
India can achieve a growth rate of 8-9 per cent provided there is a “national consensus” on methods to take advantage of globalised world, said former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, whose tenure saw the economy registering three years of 9-plus growth rate.
“I think that even though many other emerging economies are not doing too well, India has an opportunity to move towards a growth rate of 6-7 per cent and thereafter to 8 per cent,” Singh said while delivering a lecture at Ficci.
He said the country is poised to take advantage of globalisation and engage in trade to finance its imports through exports.
“Today we cannot grow in isolation… India is well placed to take advantage of this situation provided we evolve a meaningful national consensus to move ahead,” he said.
Except for India, other emerging economies — like Brazil, Russia and South Africa — are not doing well, Singh said, adding the country is posed for a 8-9 per cent growth.
“We are working towards a growth rate of 8-9 per cent. There are opportunities, there are risks. India is currently at least poised to create a milieu in which the growth story of India can be another worthwhile chapter in the evolving global economies,” he said.
Indian economy was growing at over 9 per cent for three years before it was impacted by the global financial crisis of 2008. The growth rate fell to sub-5 per cent in two consecutive fiscals — 2012-13 and 2013-14.
In the current fiscal, the government estimates the growth to be between 5.4-5.9 per cent.
Singh said a meaningful solution to India’s problems of poverty, ignorance and diseases can be found only in the framework of rapidly expanding economy.
“There is a broad consensus that we need a growth rate of 8-9 per cent to create 10-12 million jobs every year if we have to conquer unemployment within our life-time,” he said.
Post Comments
More from economy

Islamic State s top Twitter account run by Bangalore manIS' top Twitter account run by Bangalore man
Saikat Datta , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 12, 2014
First Published: 09:11 IST(12/12/2014) | Last Updated: 23:49 IST(12/12/2014)
Comments
The most influential Twitter account of the Iraqi militant group Islamic State (IS), which has taken 39 Indian workers as hostage, has been found to be operated by an Indian executive working out of Bengaluru, formerly known as Bangalore, a report revealed by UK's Channel 4 has claimed.
Screen grab of the now deactivated @shamiwitness Twitter account.
This was revealed by the TV channel on Wednesday night, which identified the person as ‘Mehdi’ an executive working with an “Indian conglomerate” out of Bengaluru. The channel also claimed that Mehdi used to run the Twitter account @ShamiWitness with  over 17,000 followers, “two-thirds of whom are foreign fighters” fighting for the IS in Iraq and Syria. His tweets were seen over 2 million times making him the “most influential twitter account” for the IS.
In thousands of tweets sent out regularly he was “acting as the leading conduit of information between jihadis, supporters and recruits”. 
The channel says the man's full name has not been disclosed as his life would be in danger.
The report quotes Mehdi as saying he would have joined Islamic State, but his family was financially dependent on him. "If I had a chance to leave everything and join them I might have.. my family needs me here," he is quoted as saying.
Mehdi, the channel reported, is also on Facebook and regularly shares “jokes, funny images, talks about super hero movies, posting pictures of pizza dinners with friends and Hawaiian parties at work.” There are also indications of his “Islamist ideology” in conversations about “Libyan and Egyptian uprisings.”
Mehdi would post thousands of tweets from his Twitter account, using his mobile every month and also tweeted the video of the beheading of US aid worker Peter Kassig “within minutes of it being uploaded to the internet.”
He also tweeted in November that “May Allah guide, protect, strengthen and expand the Islamic State…Islamic State brought peace, autonomy, zero corruption, low crime rate”. The channel also reported how the Twitter account would express happiness at the “deaths and rapes of Kurdish fighters” on Twitter, but later said that these were “taken out of context”.
Mehdi shut down his account after being contacted by Channel 4 News.
Senior Indian intelligence officials Hindustan Times spoke to said that they were unaware about Mehdi and his Twitter account. On being alerted they have contacted their British counterparts to get more details about the account.
Intelligence sources also told HT that most of the radicalised youth from India have been found to be using social media and "influenced by similar accounts" posted by groups like the IS. One of the youths who left to join the IS, Arif Majeed from Kalyan, near Mumbai returned to India recently.
They are also planning to speak to Twitter, India to get the details of the person who was running the account.
Incidentally, a study conducted by researchers in the University of Milan has found that there are more social media followers sympathetic to the IS in Europe and the US than in states like Iraq and Syria. Another study conducted by Brookings Institute claimed that the IS use social media actively to spread and legitimise its activities.

FinMin: No proposal to ban P-NotesFinMin: No proposal to ban P-Notes
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 12:  
The government today said it is not considering any proposal to ban Participatory Notes (P—Notes) as part of efforts to check black money.
“There is no proposal at present to remove participatory notes in order to check the generation and laundering of black money,” Minister of State for Finance Jayant Sinha said in a written reply in the Lok Sabha.
P-Notes, or offshore derivative instruments, are mostly used by overseas HNIs, hedge funds and other foreign institutions to invest in Indian markets through registered foreign institutional investors (FIIs), while saving on time and costs associated with direct registrations.
In a separate reply, Sinha said the total net investments in equity and debt made by FIIs and Foreign Portfolio Investor (FPI) in India between April—November stood at over Rs 1.84 lakh crore.
The total investment by FIIs and FPIs in 2013—14 was Rs 51,649 crore.
The FPI regime has classified foreign investors into three groups based on their risk profile and would eventually replace existing categories such as FIIs, their sub—accounts and qualified foreign investors.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

There was a pretty feeble 0.1%- The bulk download URL will change from
http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/NavTree_prod/everybody/BulkDownloadListing
http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/estat-navtree-portlet-prod/BulkDownloadListing
In this 
Excel file you can find a mapping of the links of the sections between the old and the new website.
If you were registered on the current website you will not be automatically registered(*) on the new website which will be using the European Commission Authentication System (ECAS).
 
A new search function can be found in the banner of every page of the new website.
 
Short information videos on " How to register on the new website " and " A guide through the new website " are available for you to consult.
If you have any questions, please address them to our user support via the "Help" page .
We hope that the new website will improve your experience when looking for European statistics.
(*) Except for users who confirmed to the Eurostat User support network to migrate their accounts. Only these accounts will be registered automatically.

The film re-defined BollywoodThe Bollywood romcom still showing after 15 years
By Prachi Pinglay BBC News, Mumbai
Boy meets girl, boy loses girl, boy gets girl: a classic recipe for box office bullion
After a summer of under-performing blockbusters, Hollywood bosses might do well to look at the incredible success of India's longest-running film, still packing in cinema-goers after 15 years.
Released in 1995, Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge (The big hearted will take the bride) has become one of the most popular films of all time.
Having broken all records in terms of number of showings and box office takings, it is now in its 769th week at one of the main cinemas in Mumbai (Bombay), the beating heart of Bollywood.
And the film continues to play to a nearly full house over weekends at the 1,000-plus-seat Maratha Mandir cinema in the south of the city.
Spectators stream in in steady numbers for the matinee show of DDLJ - as it is popularly known - at the 52-year-old cinema.
The film catapulted Shahrukh Khan to Bollywood megastardom
The best seats cost just 20 rupees (42 US cents; 27 UK pence).
Manoj Desai, executive director of the cinema, says the movie has been a record-breaking success for multiple reasons.
"The film is perfect with lovely music and the best Bollywood pair," he says.
"Also, this theatre is in a strategic location where we get 40% viewing from people who are travelling into or out of Mumbai.
"This place is for masses, so the rates have been maintained for years. Most importantly the film is important because of its message of love with parents' permission."
For sheer box office staying power, the movie has even leap-frogged classics such as The Sound of Music and The Guns of Navarone, Mr Desai said.
'Magical'
It is a love story, where boy meets girl (both Indians living in London) on a trip to Europe.
“Start Quote
I never get bored of DDLJ - It's like I am in a loving relationship with the film”
End Quote Jagjivan Maru Chief projectionist
But girl's marriage is already fixed to her father's friend's son in Punjab in India.
What follows is an entertaining drama careering between London and Punjab, and in the end, of course, the lovers get together - with the families' blessing.
The lead pair, Shahrukh Khan and Kajol, became stars overnight.
The film catapulted Shahrukh Khan, now also known as King Khan, to the top league of stars and he was typecast as a "romantic hero" for years.
Cinema officials say nearly all seats are taken at weekends and the film sometimes does better than new releases.
The film is now run on a no-profit, no-loss basis for the theatre as well as for Yash Raj Films, producer of DDLJ.
Jagjivan Maru, the cinema's chief projectionist, who has been showing this movie since its release, says it is magical.
"I have seen this movie every day for the last 14 years. That is a record in itself. It is our job to show the film. However, I never get bored of DDLJ.
"It's like I am in a loving relationship with the film. I still love the last scene when Amrish Puri [who plays father of the actress] slaps Shahrukh Khan."
A story well told
Rishi, who had come to see the film, said: "I had seen this film earlier four to five times many years back. I also see it on TV once in while.
The laughed, they cried, they came back to see it again and again
"I dropped in with my friends. Maybe I still like the film because I first saw it in my college days and it really worked then. Most of my friends saw the film many times - for the love story, songs and the actors."
Taran Adarsh, a trade analyst says: "It is not about the records this film has set. Records will follow if there is content.
"This film has got everything right: music, actors, direction. The movie is still making decent collections despite it being shown on TV very often. It is a story well told."
The cinema officials plan to keep the film running as long as they can and have planned a big celebration in October 2010 to mark the full 15 years since its release.
Among other popular features of the movie is its catchphrase "Come, fall in love" - and the audience at Maratha Mandir seemed to have done just that with DDLJ.
Share this page

Panacea enters into alliance with Canada based Apotex IncDec 12, 2014, 03.37 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Panacea enters into alliance with Canada based Apotex Inc
In addition to upfront and milestone research fee payments from Apotex, the company shall receive a share of development cost and profit.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Panacea enters into alliance with Canada based Apotex Inc
In addition to upfront and milestone research fee payments from Apotex, the company shall receive a share of development cost and profit.
Post your opinion here
 
Drug firm  Panacea Biotec has entered into a partnership with Canada based Apotex Inc for research, development, licence and supply of two drug delivery based generic products to US, Canada, Australia and New Zealand markets.
In addition to upfront and milestone research fee payments from Apotex, the company shall receive a share of development cost and profit. Post commercialisation the profit from the products shall be shared at a pre-agreed ratio between the two companies, Panacea Biotec said in a filing to BSE.
The current sales of the innovator products are to the tune of USD 1 billion, it added.
Commenting on the development, Panacea Biotec Joint MD Rajesh Jain said: "This strategic alliance with Apotex is one of the cardinal milestones in our global generics strategy."
As per the agreement Panacea will undertake product development, manufacture and supply of the products while Apotex will be responsible for the regulatory affairs and commercialisation activities, the company said. "The strategic alliance with Panacea Biotec is another example of Apotex seeking to develop strategic partnerships with carefully selected companies to enable access to products and technologies where Apotex does not have its own manufacturing facilities," Apotex Inc Chief Business Officer Steven Lydeamore said.
Both companies intend to expand the scope of the alliance by adding new drug delivery based complex generic products to the collaboration, Panacea said. Shares of Panacea Biotec were today trading at Rs 163.85 per scrip in the afternoon trade on BSE, up 6.22 percent from it's previous close.
Panacea Biotec stock price
On January 02, 2015, Panacea Biotec closed at Rs 152.60, up Rs 0.35, or 0.23 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 218.95 and the 52-week low was Rs 88.60.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 14.11 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 10.82. The latest book value of the company is Rs 91.80 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 1.66.
RELATED NEWS

New govt policy on  representatives  for arm...New government policy on 'representatives' for arms purchase, blacklisting
PTI Dec 12, 2014, 04.51PM IST
Tags:
Arms
(Promising a raft of steps…)
NEW DELHI: Resolving to end perennial delays in arms procurement, Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar today said government will unveil a "clear-cut" policy next month on engaging "representatives" for arms purchase and announce fresh norms to blacklist erring firms.
Promising a raft of steps to speed up military procurement, Parrikar said blacklisting of defence suppliers to root out corruption was not the only solution and indicated going for heavy penalties against erring firms.
"We should be in a position to have a very clear cut policy by January on representatives and on blacklisting. What does blacklisting mean. How far we can take it forward," Parrikar said.
India's military procurements have been dogged by long delays and allegations of graft and many defence experts had suggested legalising "agents" for speedy purchase of military hardware.
On having "representatives", he said they should have a very clear agreement with the Defence Ministry on their fees and there should be provisions of heavy penalty on violators.
The former Goa Chief Minister said having " representative " with a very clear method of payment and fees was a better solution to the defence forces than delaying the procurement procedures.
"There should be a very clear agreement deposited with the Defence Ministry in advance. Very heavy penalty (should be imposed) if you violate that," he said addressing Aaj Tak Agenda.
On issues like imposing penalty, he was quick to add that it was his "loud thinking" and that final decision will be taken later.
Underlining the need for speeding up defence procurement, the Minister said the government was working on ensuring transparency and said delay in decision-making allows entry of more agents.
"Jitna delay in decision making, utna agents jada ghus jata hei," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Express at COP 20: Countries get down to work in the last hours of climate talksWritten by Amitabh Sinha | Lima |
Posted: December 13, 2014 12:20 am | Updated: December 13, 2014 6:12 am
With just a few hours remaining in the climate talks to come to a close, countries finally got down to negotiating a simple and short text that will determine what and how each country would list as its “contribution” in the fight against climate change.
Read full coverage from Lima: Express at Lima
A seven-page draft decision text with three options each on the contentious issues was prepared and circulated to the countries late on Thursday night following a deadlock through most of the second week of the talks when countries stuck to their well-stated positions and kept on adding additional options in the earlier draft text that went on to become too unwieldy and large, running into over 50 pages.
The negotiators received a dressing down from the head of this round of climate talks, Conference of Parties, of COP, as it is called, on Thursday evening after he was told that no progress had been made in the negotiations throughout the day. COP President, Manuel Pulgar Vidal, host country Peru’s Minister of State for Environment, lashed out at the negotiators saying they had not just come to enjoy the city and must ensure that they do not go back empty-handed from Peru.
“This is the time to take decisions…we want to give a clear and strong message that we want to take this process forward…you have not come here to just enjoy Lima…we must not accept to leave Lima with empty hands, ” Vidal said in an impassioned plea to the negotiators.
Following his intervention, a negotiating text was prepared late at night by the co-chairs of the working group that had been discussing it. Draft texts are generally an outcome of discussions of all the countries in the working group and not presented by the co-chairs but Vidal said he was making an exception and he would take full responsibility for it. The countries sat down on Friday morning to discuss this draft text.
“This text needs significant improvement. The options presented are like a ‘choose your own adventure’ novel. Some could put us on a barely workable path while others may doom us to a dangerous future. Unless the text improves, whatever options negotiators choose over the day will leave many difficult issues unresolved and keep the world headed down to a treacherous road towards extreme warming,” said an Oxfam reaction to the new draft text.
The draft text contains options on what each country’s ‘contributions’ in the fight against climate change should look like. These ‘contributions’, which are supposed to be ‘nationally-determined’ and hence called Intended Nationally-Determined Contributions (INDCs), will form the backbone of the global climate agreement that is expected continued…

PM Modi rules Twitter in 2014; #MufflerMan Kejriwal most hashtaggedBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 12, 2014 6:03 pm | Updated: December 12, 2014 6:25 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Aam Aadmi Party were the favorite topics on Twitter in the year 2014. While Modi stood out on Twitter, in terms of trends, Aam Aadmi Party generated both positive as well as negative sentiments.
Political parties and organisations dominate most conversations on and off Twitter. Here’s the most mentioned leaders for 2014 which is topped by Narendra Modi followed by an equally popular Arvind Kejriwal on twitter.
Top 5 most mentioned Indian leaders
Most mentioned government/political organization
They year saw most political parties and members take to Twitter very actively. Though, it is interesting to note that the Information Technology ministry of Telangana makes an entry at number 4.
Top most followed Indians 
The year truly belonged to Prime Minister Narendra Modi. His Twitter account is the most followed one of any politicians world wide after US President Barack Obama.
Top Hashtags by Politics and News
In terms of the most ‘newsy’ hashtags, the floods in Jammu and Kashmir were clearly important for those in the crisis and those not in Kashmir. The mysterious disappearance of the Malaysian Airlines flight MH370 also grabbed a lot of attention as it did across the world. India’s tryst with space travel was a top trend as people came online to talk about the Mars Orbiter.
Political hashtags
Newsy hashtags
While politics dominates the top moments on Twitter in 2014, it is Modi that sits right atop the list of most Retweeted Tweets of the year.
The Golden Tweet of 2014 was his declaration of victory on the 16th of May 2014 gaining 70,519 retweets celebrating his win.
Also, making a debut is ISRO’s Mars Orbiter as two of its Tweets make the top 10 as it made its historic journey into the Martian unknown.

Yoga Day: Baba Ramdev hails PM Narendra Modis role behind UN decisionBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 12, 2014 5:40 pm | Updated: December 12, 2014 5:46 pm
With UN designating June 21 as the International Yoga Day, yoga guru Ramdev on Friday said that while credit goes to Prime Minister Narendra Modi for championing the initiative leading to the declaration, one must not forget the contribution made by sages and seers to the discipline.
“No prime minister (before Modi) talked about yoga on the global stage. It was Modi ji who ran the campaign for an International Yoga Day and garnered support of 177 countries. This is the first time that a proposal in the UN received the support of 177 countries with not even a single country opposing it.
“Modi ji and his government are completely given credit for this but, socially and spiritually, there are several great men (‘mahapurush’) who worked hard for yoga education and they should also be recognised,” Ramdev told reporters here.
Less than three months after Modi mooted the proposal, the UN General Assembly has adopted an India-led resolution for declaring June 21 as ‘International Day of Yoga’ as it recognised that “Yoga provides a holistic approach to health and well-being”.
Asked about the idea of introducing yoga education in schools, Ramdev said Modi had discussed the same with him before he had become prime minister even as he added that he was committed to spreading yoga in the fields of education, health, etc.
Meanwhile, slamming the opposition over the issue of black money, Ramdev said, “They (opposition) don’t have any issues left with which to oppose Modi ji. We have waited for 66 years; Modi, whose government has not even completed a year, should be given time. I don’t have any doubt as to his promise in this regard and, so, he should be given a chance.”
Asked about the alleged conversions in Agra, Ramdev said that our main religion is “Indian” and that is our main culture as well.
“Our religion can be different, but our ancestors are not different. I want that there should be a country-wide campaign to educate people that our religion can be different but our ancestors are similar and we should live unitedly,” he said.

TCS: Seasonal trends to impact revenue | Co may ask non-performers to leaveYou are here: Home > Collections > Tcs
TCS says seasonal trends to impact Q3 revenue
PTI Dec 12, 2014, 05.49PM IST
Tags:
BSE
(The company sees demand…)
NEW DELHI: Country's largest software services firm Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) expects its revenue in the October-December 2014 quarter to be 'in line with seasonal trends'.
The third quarter of the fiscal is traditionally weaker for IT firms as business is impacted by low volume growth amid Christmas and New Year holidays and furloughs in the US and Europe.
US and Europe are the key markets for the over USD 100 billion Indian outsourcing sector .
"Q3 2015 revenue expected to be in-line with seasonal trends. Retail, Manufacturing and Hi-Tech likely to see impact of holidays and furloughs," TCS said in an investor presentation today.
It added that banking, financial services and insurance continue to be impacted.
While, the company expects telecom and smaller verticals to grow better than the company average.
On geographies, TCS said the demand environment in North America is in-line, adjusted for seasonal weakness.
"Europe to grow better than average while UK remains weak due to seasonality and impact of insurance," it said.
Shares of the company closed 1.48 per cent down at Rs 2,455.70 apiece on the BSE .
FEATURED ARTICLES

How to: food for the soullifestyle and leisure
The English favourite, fish and chips, is a very popular comfort food. Here’s how you can whip it up at home
Anybody who lives in Chennai will tell you that cooler days are cherished. The moment the temperature drops below 30 C, everybody wants to have hot pakodas, vadais, samosas and steaming coffee. What better way to spend a nippy December day than with your favourite comfort food.
When you work in a hotel and serve guests from all around the world, you develop a sixth (culinary) sense. You know what someone would want after a hard day’s work. One of the dishes we get frequent requests for at Vasco’s and Vintage Bank is the classic Fish and Chips. This traditional English hot preparation is the ultimate comfort food for so many. It’s simple, crisp and finger-licking delicious. Munching on a beautifully fried fish with potato chips and mushy peas is an experience everyone should have.
Fish and Chips emerged as a popular meal in 19th century England, when the railways rapidly developed to connect ports to various cities. This meant that the fresh fish could be transported quickly and soon became a popular part of the English diet. It is traditionally served with potato chips or wedges, and mushy peas. Although this dish is unique to Europe, the techniques of frying fish are used in some form in every culture. In India, for example, we batter-fry Pomfret fish with indigenous spices, chilli paste and pepper. The famous Machli Amritsari is a great example.
Making Fish and Chips at Home:
While the dish itself is simple, it’s not the easiest to cook. It might take a few tries to get it right, so stay determined! There are four components to the dish — the beer-batter- fried fish, the potato chips, the tartar sauce and the mushy peas. At Hilton Chennai, we use sea bass fillet and lager beer for the batter, new potatoes for the chips and fresh green peas for the mushy peas. The bubbles from the beer add lightness to the batter. Remember to control the temperature of the oil to avoid undercooking or burning.
Ingredients:

communication breakdown specialDec 12, 2014
@Wize
That's why lawyers tend to leave everything to just before the deadline.  Let's see:  I need this complex legal question answered six weeks from now...let me put it in my calendar to assign the question to a junior at 4:00pm the day before I need it, with a "hope you don't have any plans this evening" email.
Because you never really *know* which tasks will become redundant (who knows, maybe the file will settle, or the nature of the legal issue in dispute will change, or the legal issue will become moot, etc.), and your client would hate for you to bill for tasks which were ultimately unnecessary.
(Though there is a competing theory as to why lawyers do that - namely, sadism.)

after a radio-controlled model helicopterDrone flown 20ft from landing Heathrow jet
The pilot was at a 'critical' phase of the flight, the report said
Drone safeguards urged by pilots
The moment a device believed to have been a drone came within 20ft (6m) of a plane landing at Heathrow Airport has been described in a report by an air safety body.
The Airbus A320 was at 700ft (213m) when its pilot saw a small black object near the aircraft, the UK Airprox (aircraft proximity) Board (UKAB) said.
The report does not identify the airline or where the plane was arriving from.
The drone operator could not be traced.
'Critical phase'
The object "passed about 20ft over the wing" and appeared to be a small radio-controlled helicopter, the report said.
It did not strike the plane and the pilot was able to make a normal landing, at 14:16 BST on July 22.
The report said it happened in a 'critical phase'
"It was a distraction during a critical phase of flight," the report added.
Air traffic controllers were told of the incident and the aircraft behind were notified.
The UKAB said: "Despite extensive tracing action and the proactive assistance of local model flying club members, it was not possible to trace the operator of the model aircraft in question."
Rules on unmanned aircraft
You may only fly the aircraft if reasonably satisfied the flight can safely be made.
The person in charge must maintain direct, unaided visual contact with the aircraft to monitor its flight path in relation to other aircraft, people, vehicles, vessels and structures to avoid collisions.
Source: Air Navigation Order 2009
It said in summary: "The board members were satisfied that the A320 crew had seen a model helicopter and were of the unanimous opinion that the operator of the model had chosen to fly it in an entirely inappropriate location.
"That the dangers associated with flying such a model in close proximity to a commercial air transport aircraft in the final stages of landing were not self-evident was a cause for considerable concern."
A Heathrow spokesman said the "unauthorised use of unmanned aerial vehicles in proximity to an airfield is both irresponsible and illegal".
He said that Heathrow pursued prosecution for violation of airspace.
In October , Birmingham University warned the use of drones in the UK would rise over the next 20 years, raising "significant safety, security, and privacy concerns".
The airline pilots' association Balpa has demanded better protection for the public against the risks.
More on This Story
27 OCTOBER 2014, ESSEX
From other news sites
The BBC is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites
Share this page
 
14:30: Family speak of attack in home
The Iqbal family, of Jutsums Lane, have told the Romford Recorder about the harrowing attack which has left them scarred, telling how they stubbornly refused to let the men steal from them just because they had a "gun".
 
 
14:13: Man charged over 'Wenger confrontation'
A man has been charged after allegedly confronting Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger during the Gunners' 2-0 defeat at Southampton on New Year's Day.
Luke Bryant, 25, from Lymington, Hampshire, is accused of going on to an area adjacent to the pitch contrary to the Football (Offences) Act 1991.
 
 
13:58: News on the hour BBC London 94.9 Radio
The lead story in the capital at 14:00 on BBC London 94.9 : A plane bound for City Airport has had to divert to Southend and land with one engine after the other one caught fire during a flight from Jersey.
 
 
13:43: 'Plumber' dies in New Cross flats
The News Shopper reports a man who died at a New Cross flat overnight was a plumber who was trying to unblock a sink when he accidentally electrocuted himself on a washing machine.
 
 
13:28: BBC London News Alex Bushill BBC London News
On the programme at 13:30 on BBC One : Transport fares in the capital have risen by up to 2.5% and while the Mayor says it's a real terms freeze  - others disagree.
And with the third round of the FA Cup this weekend we remember the south London football team that once won the cup in 1880.  All that and a full weather forecast.
 
 
13:14: Rail commuter gets £1k compensation
Tom Burridge, 31, who commutes from Colchester to Victoria, in west London, made 64 successful claims in 2014. Train operator Abellio Greater Anglia and Network Rail said performance on the line had "not been good enough".
 
 
12:59: News on the hour BBC London 94.9 Radio
The lead story at 13:00 on BBC London 94.9 : A man's died in a block of flats in New Cross which had to be evacuated last night because of fumes from a drain cleaning product.
 
 
12:47: Sunny afternoon
It will remain dry this afternoon with plenty of winter sunshine although it will be breezy and feel much colder than yesterday.
Top temperature: 10C (50F).
 
12:27: Christmas tree disposal
Redbridge Council tweets : When it's time to throw out your real Christmas tree we'll collect it as part of your Green Garden Waste collection
 
 
12:15: Tough football decisions
Victory in the FA Cup final at Wembley in May leaves one of the nicer problems a footballer faces - what to spend their win bonus on.
Sportshour spoke to London-based Yianni Charalambous, who specialises in personalising and modifying cars , and whose clientele includes many a footballer.
 
 
11:58: News on the hour BBC London 94.9 Radio
The lead story at noon on BBC London 94.9 : The Essex fire brigade says a suspected fire in one of the engines on a plane bound for City Airport this morning could have been very serious.
 
 
11:51: City plane in emergency landing
A plane which was diverted from London City Airport following a suspected fire on board has landed safely at Southend .
No-one was injured on the Blue Islands Airways flight from Jersey and the passengers are being bussed back to the airport.
 
 
11:45: Rail fare rises
Unions have criticised the 2.5% rail fare rises in England and Wales which comes into effect today, in an increase which continues to outstrip wage growth.
The TUC said UK commuters spent more than twice as much of their salary as some passengers in Europe.
 

Top biz story of 2014 Falling oil prices: Surveytop biz story of 2014 falling oil prices: survey
SeaWorld CEO to step down  company to cut jobsSeaWorld CEO to step down, company to cut jobs
Jim Atchison
SeaWorld CEO Jim Atchison is stepping down.
SeaWorld CEO Jim Atchison is stepping down. (Red Huber / Orlando Sentinel)
By Tribune wire reports
SeaWorld Entertainment
SeaWorld shares up 2 percent in extended trading after CEO steps down
Troubled theme park operator SeaWorld Entertainment said Jim Atchison would step down as chief executive and it would cut some jobs, sending the company's shares up 2 percent in extended trading.
SeaWorld is still feeling the “Blackfish” effect as the company's shares fell a whopping 22 percent over the past year, down 33 percent on Wednesday alone, when it reported lackluster second quarter earnings at the close of the regular trading day. ( Tribune wire reports )
The company's amusement parks have come under scrutiny after its handling of orcas was scrutinized in the 2013 film "Blackfish," which documented the killing of a trainer at the company's Orlando, Florida, park by a whale.
Negative publicity has hurt SeaWorld's 11 park enterprises, with attendance rising only twice in the last seven quarters.
Chairman David D'Alessandro will serve as interim CEO, effective Jan. 15, 2015, said the company, which also added two independent directors to its board. SeaWorld expects to find a permanent CEO in six to eight months.
SeaWorld shares closed at $16.09 on the New York Stock Exchange on Thursday. The stock has fallen 44 percent this year. 
Reuters

India 10-year bond yield hits near 17-month low; CPI watchedIndia 10-year bond yield hits near 17-month low; CPI watched
Govt committed to push growth rate at 6 to 6.5%: Arun JaitleyGovt committed to push growth rate at 6 to 6.5%: Arun Jaitley
India s industrial output falls to 4.2%Hi Guest
India's industrial output falls to three-year low
India's industrial output contracted in October, its worst performance in three years, while retail inflation continued its declining trend, building the case for the Reserve Bank of India to lower interest rates early next year. Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who swept to power six months ago promising to oversee an economic revival, faces a challenge to revive investment in Asia's third largest economy. He has been helped by a fall of more than 40 percent in global crude prices since July ...

IIP tanks 4.2% while inflation moderates to 4.38%IIP tanks 4.2% while inflation moderates to 4.38%
Make in India  dangerous if it focus on manufacturing: Raghuram RajanMake in India  dangerous if it focus on manufacturing: Raghuram Rajan
TCS says on track to exceed 55 000-hiring target for FY15TCS says on track to exceed 55 000-hiring target for FY15
Microsoft Office Crosses The Cloud RubiconMicrosoft Office Crosses The Cloud Rubicon
Opposition attacks government on coal mines billOpposition attacks government on coal mines bill
Russia eyes Indian agro exportsRussia eyes Indian agro exports
The Appointment: Ulrich Spiesshofer  CEO  ABBKunj Bansal of Centrum Wealth Management is upbeat on the PSU banking space and would be a buyer in them.  He thinks there is more value in PSU banks than private sector banks....
Source : CNBC-TV18
Share this video with Friends
Most Watched Videos

New Leak Reveals Luxembourg Tax Deals For Disney  Koch Brothers EmpireEmail
Comment
Latest "Lux Leaks" files obtained by ICIJ disclose secret tax structures sought by "Big 4" accounting giants for brand name international companies
__________________________________
A new leak of confidential documents expands the list of big companies seeking secret tax deals in Luxembourg, exposing tax-saving maneuvers by American entertainment icon The Walt Disney Co. , politically controversial Koch Industries Inc. and 33 other companies.
Disney and Koch Industries, a U.S.-based energy and chemical conglomerate, both created tangles of interlocking corporations in Luxembourg that may have helped them slash the taxes they pay in the U.S. and Europe, according to the documents obtained by the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists .
Widespread corporate use of tax maneuvers akin to these, in tax shelters the world over, are estimated to cost the U.S. treasury billions annually. They increase profits and benefit shareholders at the expense of the companies' home countries and other places where they do significant business.
ICIJ obtained the Disney and Koch tax documents as part of a trove of information that details big companies' complex financial maneuvers through subsidiaries in Luxembourg. ICIJ received these documents last month, soon after publishing an earlier set of leaked documents detailing the Luxembourg tax deals negotiated by FedEx, Pepsi, IKEA and 340 other globe-spanning companies.
Other companies appearing in the newest leaked files include Hong Kong-based conglomerate Hutchison Whampoa, private equity firm Warburg Pincus, and Internet phone giant Skype. One of the Skype files relates to a restructuring in which Internet mega-marketer eBay sold a controlling stake in Skype to private investors. Skype, based in Luxembourg, is now a division of Microsoft.
"Microsoft adheres carefully to the laws and regulations of every country in which we operate," the company said in an emailed statement.
The first set of Luxembourg tax deals , published by ICIJ and its media partners on Nov. 5, was arranged through the accounting giant PricewaterhouseCoopers. The latest set of documents reveal that the aggressive tax structures are being brokered not only by PwC but also by Luxembourg-based law and tax firms and the other "Big 4" accounting firms: Ernst & Young, Deloitte and KPMG.
Since the first wave of stories was published by a team of more than 80 journalists around the world, ICIJ's "Lux Leaks" investigation has sparked swift condemnation and calls for reform in Europe. In the wake of the revelations, Jean-Claude Juncker, the new president of the European Commission, who was prime minister of Luxembourg while many of the controversial tax policies were enacted, survived a no-confidence vote in the European Parliament but saw his leadership questioned .
Juncker has firmly maintained that his home country's tax practices are legitimate but also admitted after the "Lux Leaks" publications that the system was "not always in line with fiscal fairness" and may have breached " ethical and moral standards ."
Ernst & Young, KPMG, PwC and Deloitte have all declined to answer detailed questions regarding the tax agreements and instead cited their global codes of conduct requiring that their employees comply with the law and behave ethically.
"EY professionals provide independent tax advice to clients in accordance with national and international law," Ernst & Young spokesman Will Brewster said in a statement emailed to ICIJ. "This includes advice on compliance with tax regulations in the territories in which they operate."
Ernst & Young's role
The Disney and Koch files show that both companies, advised by Ernst & Young, engineered complex restructurings that reorder the ownership of many subsidiaries and centralize them under Luxembourg companies that are all served by internal corporate finance companies, akin to a company's own bank. These internal lenders received interest from affiliated companies channeling hundreds of millions of dollars in profits through Luxembourg between 2009 and 2013 and paid little tax. In some years, the two parent companies' Luxembourg subsidiaries enjoyed tax rates of less than 1 percent.
"Professional standards, as well as privacy laws, require that EY safeguards confidential client information. We take these obligations very seriously and are therefore unable to comment on individual cases," Brewster, of Ernst & Young, said in the statement.
"When the money arrives in Luxembourg, taking advantage of an agreement between countries that assumes it will be taxed in Luxembourg, it goes in one of these unusual structures ... and it's not taxed very much at all," Richard Brooks, a former tax inspector in the U.K. and author of The Great Tax Robbery , said about these types of arrangements. Brooks was not speaking about Disney and Koch specifically.
It's impossible to determine exactly how Disney's and Koch Industries' Luxembourg tax deals affected the companies' U.S. tax bills without seeing their confidential filings to the U.S. Internal Revenue Service.
Several experts consulted by ICIJ, however, said the Luxembourg subsidiaries could help both companies move profits outside the U.S. to lower-tax jurisdictions.
Both sets of "Lux Leaks" files detail confidential tax rulings -- also known as "advance tax agreements" or "comfort letters" -- from Luxembourg officials that assure companies they will get favorable treatment for their tax-saving maneuvers. The newest leaked documents involve tax deals presented to Luxembourg authorities between 2003 and 2011.
Luxembourg's tax deals are legal within its borders, but may be subject to challenges if tax authorities in other countries view them as allowing companies to avoid paying their fair share of taxes to them. Under the U.S. tax code, a transaction that cuts a company's tax bill must have a true business purpose or the IRS can disallow the tax benefit.
"Americans are sick and tired of big corporations arranging sweetheart deals with tax havens to dodge their U.S. tax obligations," said U.S. Senator Carl Levin, D-Mich., who has led investigations and held hearings into corporate tax avoidance, including by Apple and Caterpillar. "It is unfair and unaffordable to let another year pass without eliminating the unjustified corporate tax giveaways that force everyone else to pick up the tab for government services."
The European Union has been investigating tax deals provided to companies that have established footholds in Ireland, the Netherlands and Luxembourg to see if these countries' tax deals provided the companies impermissible "state aid" under European Union law.
In the past 15 years Luxembourg has become a hub for some of the world's largest brands -- big companies attracted by rulings that allow them to reduce the landlocked Central European duchy's corporate income tax rate of 29 percent to little more than zero through financial maneuvers blessed in advance by Luxembourg tax officials. Internal company banks are one way corporations shift profits to Luxembourg in the form of interest payments on intra-company loans. Another way is through royalty payments on intellectual property, which enjoy an 80 percent tax exemption in Luxembourg.
A spokesman for Luxembourg's Finance Ministry defended the tax ruling practice, saying it's not unique to his country. Any problem stems from the interaction of tax regimes in multiple countries.
Such interplay "can currently lead to a significant reduction of a company's tax or even no taxation at all." While legal, its "legitimacy is put in doubt from an ethical point of view," he said.
A tax-savings fairyland
Disney and Koch Industries' Luxembourg structures differ in their specifics, but show common threads.
The Disney tax scheme is laid out in a 34-step advance tax agreement proposed in October 2009 by Ernst & Young. The document shows the corporate parent of Mickey Mouse moving money in circles across the globe while transforming it from cash to debt to equity and back. The copy of the ruling obtained by ICIJ does not bear the stamp of approval of the Luxembourg tax authority. Yet ICIJ was able to verify that the actions outlined in the document took place based on the company's public filings in Luxembourg.
Disney's Luxembourg offices are set up in a way that could allow the entertainment giant to move profit away from countries with high corporate taxes like France and Germany.
Disney's Rube Goldberg-like series of equity transfers gathered ownership of at least 24 of its subsidiaries in France, Italy, Germany, the U.K., Australia, the Cayman Islands and the Netherlands under the umbrellas of two newly created companies in Luxembourg, the new documents show.
At the center of the new structure is a third company, a finance arm initially called Wedco Participations SCA.
The internal bank made loans to many of the subsidiaries at high interest rates, draining profits from those companies that were often in high-tax countries back to Luxembourg in the form of interest payments. In addition, a Cayman Islands subsidiary, which legally owns at least 16 Disney companies in Europe and Australia, sent its profits to Luxembourg in the form of annual dividends.
The Luxembourg internal lender, whose name was later changed to Wedco One (Luxembourg) S.à.r.l. Participations SCA, reported profits for the four years ending September 2013 of more than €1 billion and paid €2.8 million in income tax in Luxembourg, according to the companies' public accounts reviewed by ICIJ. That works out to a tax rate of just over a quarter of 1 percent.
The documents show Disney used this internal bank as an intermediary for two loans totaling €75 million to its French subsidiary, Walt Disney International, France, SAS. Disney charged Wedco Participations just 0.42 percent interest; Wedco went on to charge Disney's French subsidiary 5.7 percent.
The transaction may have allowed Disney to reduce its French taxes because the French company paid more than €16 million in interest to the Luxembourg company from 2009 through 2013. Further, Disney received so little in interest payments from Wedco that it would have incurred little tax on its U.S. interest income from the transaction.
Loans worth €717 million to two of Disney's U.K. subsidiaries generated €181 million in interest payments, while a €12 million loan to The Disney Store Netherlands generated €495,000 in interest. The Cayman Islands company returned €837 million in dividends to Luxembourg.
Disney's tax agreement also lays out a series of tax-free "hidden capital contributions" from other Luxembourg subsidiaries to the finance company, totaling more than €650 million.
Disney also set up a U.S. branch of the Luxembourg-based internal lender, at Disney's headquarters in Burbank, California. Brooks said the U.S. branch likely pays no tax on its transactions, because of a loophole in the U.S. tax code where, at the request of the parent company, the IRS can ignore certain subsidiaries for tax purposes.
If so, "it is U.S. tax being avoided as this is ultimately investment from the U.S. being routed through Luxembourg for tax purposes," said Brooks, who was hired by ICIJ to review some of the documents.
All together, the three Disney companies established by the tax deal crafted by Ernst & Young recorded more than €2.8 billion in profits from 2009 through September 2013, yet they share a grand total of one employee, according to the tax agreement.
They are located in a residential building in Luxembourg with two additional Disney subsidiaries. On the group's letter box, the name of Disney CIS Holdings S.à.r.l., a firm created in 2011, had been added by a handwritten notation on a piece of masking tape.
When a reporter from ICIJ partner MO* Belgium visited, a man opened the door and introduced himself as director of the five companies. "Now you can see that we really are present here. There is substance," said the man, a Belgian citizen who declined to give his name.
"We use a large apartment on the ground floor as our office," he said. "There's not need for a lot of personnel. A qualified person with a full-time job can manage those five holding companies. And all the accounting and board meetings happen in Luxembourg." He declined to answer specific questions about Disney's Luxembourg business or about the 2009 advance tax agreement.
"Our global effective tax rate has averaged 34% for the past 5 years and 35% in the most recent year ," said Zenia Mucha, Disney's spokeswoman in the U.S. "We manage our tax affairs responsibly and aim to fully comply with all applicable tax rules. Your assertions are not based on an accurate understanding of our global tax position." She did not respond to a dozen detailed questions emailed to the company and did not specify what she saw as inaccuracies.
It's unclear if Disney has brought any of its Luxembourg profit back to the U.S., where it would be taxed at the corporate rate of 35 percent. Disney reported in its 2014 earnings report that it was holding $1.9 billion in foreign earnings overseas and estimated that the U.S. tax liability if it brought that income home would be $377 million.
The $377 million, a fraction of Disney's operations worldwide, would still boost its total global tax bill by more than 10 percent. The company reported in its 2014 financial statement that it paid $3.1 billion in U.S. federal and state income taxes and $600 million in foreign taxes.
Project Snow
Koch's Luxembourg transactions revealed by the new documents involved its chemicals and polymers subsidiary Invista BV , which makes Lycra-brand fiber and Stainmaster-brand carpets.
The Koch documents , also prepared by Ernst & Young, describe "Project Snow," a 26-step restructuring of Invista designed, they say, to simplify the company's structure, centralize its cash flow into Luxembourg, and pay down debt.
The restructuring was worked out in a series of four meetings in late 2008 and early 2009 between Ernst & Young employees and Marius Kohl, head of the Bureau d'imposition Sociétés VI, part of Luxembourg's revenue authority, according to the tax ruling. Kohl, now retired, approved thousands of tax deals over 22 years that helped save companies billions of dollars.
The documents show that in the restructuring, which took place starting in September 2008, the subsidiaries of Invista passed hundreds of millions of dollars back and forth, converting shares to debt and occasionally dissolving firms. Tax-free " hidden distributions " among subsidiaries are just one type of head-spinning transaction included in the confidential tax ruling approved by Luxembourg authorities. Another section describes a $736 million loan that gets passed from company to company until a U.S.-based subsidiary becomes "both the debtor and creditor of the same debt," and the debt is canceled.
Each step in the tax ruling includes a separate interpretation of how it will impact the company's taxes in Luxembourg. In most instances, the transactions are exempt.
Central to Koch's restructuring deal is an internal company bank, Arteva Europe S.à.r.l., which manages the cash flows of the company's European operations through Luxembourg. Arteva had established a Swiss branch that likely benefited from low tax rates in Switzerland. Luxembourg officials agreed to treat the Swiss branch as separate from the Luxembourg company, according to the tax deal.
From 2010 through 2013 the company paid €6.4 million in taxes on €269 million in profits. Its highest annual tax rate was 4.15 percent.
Arteva reported no staff costs in its annual financial reports filed in Luxembourg. In Switzerland, Arteva's branch shares an address in Zurich with a firm called Tax Partners AG, whose principals are also listed in public filings as the deputy branch managers of Arteva, according to reporting by ICIJ partner, The Guardian. The branch manager of Arteva Switzerland describes himself on the web site LinkedIn as "tax director, Europe" for Koch International Shared Services.
"Like all Koch companies, Invista conducts its business lawfully, and pays its taxes in accordance with applicable laws," said Rob Tappan, a Director of External Relations for Koch Companies Public Sector. The company declined to respond to detailed questions about its Luxembourg operations.
Koch says Invista is headquartered in the United States. However, U.S. and other operations are owned by a holding company incorporated in the Netherlands, a low-tax country, where it reports financial results.
The Invista offices are located in a modern office building in Luxembourg in a suite with other Koch companies. A sign on the glass front says Koch Business Solutions -- Europe S.à.r.l. The building is home to more than 670 active businesses, according to an ICIJ analysis of Luxembourg's corporate registry as of September 2014.
No one responded when a reporter rang the bell at the office, and two workers who were leaving declined to say how many people work there and what they do.
Koch Industries is the second-largest privately owned company in the United States, according to Forbes, and it is not required to report its financial information in the U.S., so it's impossible to know how much tax it has paid here. The company bought Invista from DuPont in 2003 for $4.4 billion and combined it with KoSa, the Koch subsidiary that produced polyester and nylon fibers. It incorporated the new company in the Netherlands.
Koch Industries immediately began paying down Invista's debt, according to reports from Moody's. By 2010, Koch Industries had contributed $350 million to Invista, and by 2011, Koch had helped the company repay an additional $720 million, leaving Invista debt-free, Moody's said.
Owners Charles and David Koch have been in the center of political controversy in recent years as they've sought to use their money and connections to elect Republican political candidates who are sympathetic to their libertarian beliefs.
Koch Industries admitted in 2011 that one of the key companies in its Luxembourg holdings, Invista S.à.r.l., had funneled a dozen illegal campaign contributions to state political candidates in Virginia, Delaware and Kansas and to the U.S. Democratic Governors Association. The company agreed to pay a fine of $4,700.
In its submission to the Federal Election Commission the company said that "the violations resulted from a general lack of knowledge among company personnel of either the nature of Invista's legal structure or of the restrictions that applied to it as a foreign company."
The Kochs and their network of big-money donors and politically active nonprofit groups raised more than $400 million in an unsuccessful effort to thwart President Barack Obama's bid for re-election in 2012. They were back this year, supporting Republicans' successful bid to gain control of the U.S. Senate.
The Center for Responsive Politics calculated that David Koch and his wife Julia contributed at least $2.4 million to political candidates and groups during the 2014 election cycle, while Charles Koch and his wife Elizabeth contributed about $2.3 million. Each of the brothers, through trusts, contributed another $2 million to the nascent Freedom Partners Action Fund super-political action committee.
'Check-the-box' loophole
Disney and Koch may be benefiting from a loophole in the U.S. tax code that allows them to tell the U.S. government to ignore the existence of a multitude of subsidiaries and look only at the corporation's foreign parent at tax time. The so-called check-the-box provision allows companies to bypass a rule that would normally require foreign subsidiaries to pay U.S. taxes every time money flows from one subsidiary to another.
"We actually facilitate international tax avoidance with policies like check-the-box," said Kimberly Clausing , an economics professor at Reed College in Portland, Oregon, who specializes in multinational corporate taxation. While such provisions are bad policy, she said, "it's not really wrong for the firms to make use of them."
In 2009, President Obama included check-the-box in a list of tax loopholes he wanted to eliminate. Documents prepared by his administration at the time claimed that getting rid of check-the-box would raise an additional $86 billion in ten years in U.S. taxes, the most of the more than 25 business tax proposals in the president's plan.
Businesses mounted an aggressive lobbying campaign to protect their loophole and the proposal was dropped in less than a year.
The tactic is one of a handful of tax strategies U.S. companies employ to move their profits to low-tax countries from the U.S., where the statutory corporate rate is 35 percent.
Companies also use a strategy called cost-sharing, where they attribute some of the costs of developing new products to foreign subsidiaries, according to Stephen Shay , a professor of practice at Harvard Law School and a former international tax official at the U.S. Treasury. That way they can attribute the profits from those products, or the licensing of trademarks and patents, to the company outside the U.S.
The strategy ends up locking corporate profits outside the U.S., because companies have to finally pay the tax if they bring the cash home. That may be why Disney is leaving $1.9 billion abroad.
According to Bloomberg, U.S. companies in the S&P 500 have $1.95 trillion in profits stashed overseas . They have lobbied for a temporary reduction in the corporate tax rate on dividends from those profits, or a so-called repatriation holiday.
Clausing estimates that companies shifting profits to low-tax countries rather than booking them where they are actually earned costs the U.S. between $57 billion and $90 billion a year.
U.S. companies appear to be taking full advantage.
Multinational corporations based in the U.S. have booked 6.1 percent of their foreign profits in Luxembourg while recording only 0.6 percent of sales in the Duchy, according to Clausing, who based her calculations on data from the U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis. The same companies have only one-tenth of one percent of their foreign employees based in Luxembourg.
Clausing said, in discussing corporations in general and not Disney and Koch specifically, "There's obviously a lot of lying going on, mischaracterization of what's really happening."
Prime architects
Global accounting and tax advisory firms, including Ernst & Young, are prime architects of the inventive profit-shifting strategies that allow multinational companies to cut taxes via the Grand Duchy and other low-tax jurisdictions.
The Big 4 firms' role in boosting international tax avoidance has come under increasing scrutiny over the past decade. KPMG, for example, paid $456 million as part of a deferred prosecution agreement with U.S. authorities to settle charges that the firm had set up sham offshore shelters that allowed its clients to generate at least $11 billion in paper losses that cost the U.S. Treasury $2.5 billion. Earlier this year, a U.S. Senate investigation found the PwC tax advisors used legal loopholes to help heavy equipment maker Caterpillar Inc. cut its U.S. tax bill by $2.4 billion by shuffling paper profits from the U.S. to Switzerland.
Both Ernst & Young and PwC have been investing in their operations in Luxembourg.
Ernst & Young's office in the Grand Duchy brought in $153 million in revenues in the year ended June 30, led by growth in its tax business, and is planning to hire 350 new employees by June 2015. PWC meanwhile held a grand opening for its 320,000-square-foot Luxembourg office building at a ceremony in late November in which Prime Minister Xavier Bettel and Finance Minister Pierre Gramegna gave speeches. With the "Lux Leaks" scandal still making headlines in Europe, PwC rescinded reporters' invitations to the event.
These investments may be at risk after the document leaks that have exposed how Luxembourg officials and global tax firms cooperate to help companies avoid paying the taxes in the countries where they truly operate.
The European Commission is already investigating the legality of tax rulings obtained by Amazon and Fiat in Luxembourg and by Apple and Starbucks in Ireland and the Netherlands. Luxembourg is expected to adopt changes that it says will make tax rulings more transparent. Under a proposed new law, corporate rulings would have to be approved by a commission rather than a single official.
Now the new EU Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager has said her team will review the tax rulings leaked to ICIJ.
"We consider the Luxembourg leaks as market information," she said at a recent press conference. "We will examine it and evaluate whether or not this will lead us to opening new cases."
Simon Bowers, Kristof Clerix, Emilia Díaz-Struck, Rigoberto Carvajal, Mar Cabra, Minna Knus-Galán, Bastian Obermayer, Lars Bové and Jan Kleinnijenhuis contributed to this story.
More:
Click here to view Conversations
Conversations

In-N-Out Ranks Higher Than Apple On List Of Best WorkplacesEmail
Comment
You probably wouldn't expect a fast-food joint to rank higher than Facebook or Apple as a great place to work.
But In-N-Out Burger topped both of those companies, and many others, in a new ranking by the job site Glassdoor of the 50 best places to work. In-N-Out placed eighth on the list, which was topped by Google and the Boston consulting firm Bain & Co.
The regional burger chain, which has restaurants in California, Arizona, Nevada, Utah and Texas, is the only fast-food company on the list. It didn’t crack the top 50 last year.
Glassdoor’s ranking was based entirely on employee feedback. Glassdoor collected more than 800,000 reviews from workers about the pros and cons of their jobs; how satisfied they are with their company; whether they would recommend a friend work there; and information about pay, benefits, opportunities to advance and work-life balance.
Companies were ranked based on their average employee ratings on a 5-point scale, with 5 being total job satisfaction. The full ranking, which only includes companies with at least 1,000 workers, can be found below.
In an industry known for low salaries and poor treatment of workers In-N-Out is often recognized for playing against type. According to Carl Van Fleet, vice president of planning and development at In-N-Out, the starting wage at the company is $10.50 an hour. That's a lot higher than the median hourly pay for fast-food workers nationwide, which is $8.94 an hour.
"We strive to create a working environment that is upbeat, enthusiastic and customer-focused," Van Fleet wrote in an email to The Huffington Post. "A higher pay structure is helpful in making that happen, but it is only part of our approach. It is equally important to treat our associates well and maintain that positive working environment in all of our restaurants."
Just last week, fast food workers in 190 cities across the country protested the industry's treatment of workers. But In-N-Out workers seem to be pretty satisfied with the company.
“Great pay rates, fantastic hours, calm and comfortable atmosphere, plenty of benefits, full of opportunity, friendly coworkers, overall very happy with the experience I gain here,” a part-time associate who has been working at In-N-Out for less than a year said in a review posted on Glassdoor. The jobs site moderates worker reviews and verifies users based on their email addresses or Facebook profiles.
A full-time associate who has worked at the company for more than five years listed the following pros: “The values of the company, the way they treat their associates, paid holidays off, atmosphere.”
One of the cons of the job, according to Glassdoor, is that it's difficult to get a full-time job there. Workers also complained about a strict dress code , standing for long hours, and that you often smell like burgers at the end of a shift. But those usually come with the fast-food territory.
More:

Banks may seek more equity from highly leveragedfirmsStreet sees good show after stellar year
Banks may ask companies that are already highly leveraged to bring in higher equity before seeking fresh loans, RBI deputy governor SS Mundra said on Wednesday.
“If at all, there is high leverage, it does not mean that the company cannot be financed further. The only thing for further financing is that the banks may demand (from) them (companies) to bring in higher equity. Ultimately, it is for the individual banks to take decisions on what kind of debt-equity ratio they would be comfortable with,” Mundra told rpeorters on the sidelines of a CII event.
He was replying to questions on whether RBI would ask lenders to be cautious on giving fresh loans to highly leveraged companies as there were some allegations that fresh loans were offered recently to such firms. He urged lenders to consider ‘real equity’ of companies at the time of offering loans.
Mundra urged lenders to maintain some ‘self-discipline’ to thwart any dilution of regulatory norms while offering loans to entities to improve ‘performance’.
“Stress is there on the banks to improve performance in every quarter. That is where the dilutions start coming. So, quarter-to-quarter should be pursued in a healthy manner, otherwise it could be detrimental,” he said.
Post Comments
More from indianmarkets

2015 foreign currency bond issuances may go past this years $18bnStreet sees good show after stellar year
Issuances of foreign currency bonds by companies in 2015 may cross the current year’s total issuance of $18 billion, says bond market experts. The demand for Indian paper overseas may remain buoyant.
Manmohan Singh, MD and head of debt capital markets of India and South East Asia at RBS, believes foreign investors are likely to prefer Indian paper over other EM securities on account of positive economic data. “It (issuances) may even rise to over $20 billion next year,” said Singh. A strong and stable government at the Centre will only to add to the positive sentiment.
On other hand, interest rates in advanced economies are expected to stay benign in 2015, making it easier for companies to access cheaper fund overseas. “We believe benign interest rate environment to remain till H1 2015. The current negative interest rate regime by ECB will add to the issuance volumes across the globe,” said Singh.
In 2014, credit default spreads (CDS) or the price-to-purchase protection against the credit risk of the Indian corporate bonds narrowed by 100 bps, making it easier for companies to access the overseas bond market.
Fitch Ratings believes the growth in issuances may be driven by a need to refinance debt and fund capex once the investment cycle starts. The rating agency expects new issuers to access the overseas bond market. Real estate companies such as Indiabulls and Lodha Developers accessed the overseas bond market for the first time in 2014.
According to Singh, companies may look at other foreign currencies and not just the US dollar. Dollar-denominated bonds formed 72% of all international issuance in 2014.
Post Comments
More from indianmarkets

Chicago OKs app to help taxis compete with Uber  ridesharing services8
The Chicago ordinance commits the city to developing a mobile app that will serve as a dispatch for all the city's taxicab companies. Rideshare companies including Uber and smaller rival Lyft offer dispatch of a variety of cars, and in some markets the Uber app can call taxis.
It is not yet determined how the Chicago mobile app will be administered, who will pay for it, and whether rideshare services would be able to bid for the contract to develop or run it.
Chicago appears to be the only major city to agree to develop its own app, although New York City Council Member Ben Kallos this week proposed a similar app. The Chicago move also represents a political push from the American Federation of State, County, and Municipal Employees (AFSCME), a union which has organized drivers in two cities so far.
More than half of Chicago's 7,000 active cabbies have joined AFSCME since June. In New Orleans, the second U.S. city where AFSCME has organized taxi drivers, more than 800 drivers have signed up, which represents more than half of the city's fleet.
Cheryl Miller, a Chicago taxi driver for 20 years, says the rideshare issue was key to making drivers organize this year. She says the app might serve to increase her customer base, but she says the more pressing issue is increased regulation and accountability of Uber drivers.
"I see this as a first step. I'm excited about that," she says.
cComments
So, if I've got this straight, the unions, that have these parasitic aldermen in their back pocket, have successfully bent over the taxpaying citizens of this city to, once again, give them the shaft. Moreover, what business does the city council have in using taxpayer money to level a...
spondulix

RBI not unduly worried over CADUpdated: December 12, 2014 00:43 IST
Not apprehensive of CAD, says RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan
Indrani Dutta
Tweet
The Hindu
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan flanked by Deputy Governor Harun R. Khan (right) and Rajiv Mehrishi secretary (Economic Affairs) during the Central Board meeting of the bank in Kolkata on Thursday. Photo: Sushanta Patranabish
TOPICS
central bank
The RBI Governor on Thursday said though the current account deficit has widened to $ 10.1 billion or 2.1 per cent of GDP in July-September period, it is still at comfortable levels.
While there are risks to the current account deficit (CAD) on account of gold imports, there is no need for apprehension as the falling oil price provides a cushion, Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan said here on Thursday.
To review priority sector lending norms
He also said the central bank was in the process of reviewing the priority sector lending norms to nudge foreign banks to set up wholly-owned subsidiaries.
After chairing the central board meeting here, Dr. Rajan, at a press meet, said a growth rate of mid-6s was possible next fiscal if certain actions were taken on everybody’s part to get the core sector investments going. “We do expect the growth rate to be above six per cent,” he said.
To a question on the issue of opening of wholly-owned subsidiaries by foreign banks, he said the RBI was in the process of reviewing, at the request of the Finance Ministry, the norms on priority sector lending as that was their primary concern. “When that process is completed in consultation with the government, we communicate the norms widely and then we will nudge them,” he said.
While the RBI was keen to try to encourage them to open subsidiaries here, there were also worries about systemic risks in large foreign banks which had been in India for long. “We are trying to create an incentive structure for them without forcing them. We have to be explicit about the costs and benefits,” Dr. Rajan said.
To a question on gold imports, he said that it had widened. “We are watching its direction... we are vigilant,” he added. “While it is difficult to maintain restrictions for too long, the falling oil prices is a good time to see what happens. Although uncertainties remain but with easing inflation, people will now invest more in bonds, stocks and fixed income securities rather than gold,” he said.
The Governor said the RBI was now gearing up to do payments banks and small finance banks. After that the criteria for universal bank licences were set to be re-examined and reframed, if necessary. Dr. Rajan also chaired the 14th meeting of the sub-committee of the Financial Stability and Development Council on Thursday.
The council reviewed the potential risks facing the financial system and a draft of the December 2014 issue of the Financial Stability Report (including Trend and Progress of Banking in India) was presented at the meeting. The sub-committee deliberated on issues such as deepening of currency derivatives market and uniform KYC across institutions.

23 000 United flight attendants getting iPhones to improve serviceAbout 2,500 United flight attendants opted for individual buyouts of up to $100,000, the airline said. ( Gregory Karp )
Future enhancements include replacing the flight attendants' printed safety manuals with electronic versions on their iPhones and providing real-time reporting and improved follow-up on aircraft cabin issues and repairs, the airline said.
Overall, the airline expects that the phones will allow flight attendants to deliver better service, said Sam Risoli, United's senior vice president of in-flight services.
They'll just call their boyfriends.
Joe South

Guardians of the gallery: Handling the art world s most precious objects0
The space Icon created feels more like a comfortable library than a climate-controlled storage unit. Several years ago, Myers hosted a team from New York-based Harper Collins that visited Chicago to work with the archive’s staff on “Every Thing On It,” a posthumous collection of some of Silverstein’s previously unpublished poems and drawings.
“That’s when having a space like this makes sense,” Myers says.
Providing custom amenities keeps Icon competitive against a small but well-established group of rival fine art specialists, as well as large moving and storage companies with fine art divisions. MacGilpin models his customer service style after his father, an old-fashioned doctor who made house calls at any time of day. He pushed early on to set up the company’s shuttle service between Chicago and New York, and today his trucks make interim stops in cities like Pittsburgh and Cleveland, expanding Icon’s geographic reach. Back in Chicago, one draw for customers storing their pieces at the warehouse is the facility’s viewing room, a large blank space that can be transformed into a gallery-like environment. It’s a place where clients can display their objects without taking them out of the warehouse. Art dealers can host potential buyers there, and one client once brought in a videographer to shoot a documentary about his collection.
“Some people will just do crating or storage maybe, or not do long-distance transportation,” MacGilpin says. “I’ve been of the philosophy that we need to get the phone to ring. We need to provide as many services as we can. And if we get them to call and we can serve their need, then we’re ahead of the next guy.”
Early inspiration
MacGilpin’s first foray into the industry came during graduate school at Northern Illinois University, where he helped manage a gallery program that hosted art shows. One traveling exhibition belonged to a puppeteer with a collection that included ventriloquist dummies, large Italian marionettes and shadow puppets from Thailand.
“The person who owned all these items showed up to us in Ryder rental trucks and trunks with the things just thrown in there, and I said to myself, ‘This guy needs help,’” MacGilpin recalled. He built some basic wooden crates lined with packing material for the puppet collector, and the project got him thinking about a job in services for the art industry. This path seemed more practical than teaching or making art, the most common careers for MFA graduates.
MacGilpin connected with an artist acquaintance in Chicago, who owned a step van and had just started moving art objects for a small group of clients. The two men went into business together, doing the jobs themselves, and grossed just $15,000 in their first year. In 1990, a decade after the company was founded, MacGilpin’s partner left to pursue art full-time. MacGilpin found himself running the company solo during a recession.
That period marked a turning point for the business. Early clients had had been galleries and individual collectors. Now MacGilpin realized he needed to woo museums, because they keep moving, packing and displaying art even when the broader art market declines.
“The museums are really the more stable clients, and that’s one thing I definitely learned over time: who to focus your market to so that you can survive,” MacGilpin says.
Museums may be stable clients, but they’re also demanding. They led the way in creating the modern standards for handling, packing and storing art, beginning in the 1880s. The industry bible, a 530-page handbook titled “Museum Registration Methods,” was first published in 1958. In the past decade, art custodians have looked for ways to reduce waste and switched to newer materials that don’t release potentially damaging gases. They use industrial plastic wrap, foam of different densities, bubble wrap, cardboard and quilted moving blankets.
Deciding how best to handle each object becomes its own creative exercise. “This year alone, our crew will install a Fiat on the wall, an exhibition containing sound and lighting requirements that mimic a full-on concert production, sculptures requiring cranes and rigging, and materials woven together with human hair,” Annie Breckenridge Barrett, director of collections and exhibitions at the Museum of Contemporary Art in Chicago, wrote in an email. The MCA is an Icon client.

Discover to spend $35M next year on credit  debit cards with microchipsDiscover to spend $35M next year on credit, debit cards with microchips
Discover Card
Discover set to roll out cards with microchips.
Discover spending $75 million to fight money laundering
Discover Financial Services will spend more than $35 million in 2015 to issue credit and debit cards embedded with chips that are considered more secure than those with magnetic strips.
The new cards will include a microchip that should reduce incidents of theft by creating a code for each transaction. Instead of swiping the card, the card user would insert it into a terminal, much like at an ATM.
Discover Chief Executive David Nelms said the new cards will be issued to "a large portion of our customers."
0
A relatively small percentage of Americans currently have cards with microchips. By the end of next year about 70 percent of credit cards nationwide and 41 percent of debit cards will have chips embedded, with the magnetic strip as a backup, according to Aite, a research and consulting group.
Discover said a key portion of its spending will involve upgrading its card-processing network to accept the cards. "These cards cost significantly more than a typical mag-stripe card," Nelms said at a conference on Wednesday. "Benefits in terms of lower fraud expenses will occur over time, but those savings will not come through right away and certainly we'll see very little benefit in 2015."
Making chip-enabled cards costs six to eight times as much as traditional magnetic-strip cards, Al Vrancart, an industry adviser and founder of the International Card Manufacturers Association, told Bloomberg in February.
At Wednesday's Goldman Sachs financial services conference, Nelms was asked about efforts to get consumers to make payments through their smartphones, including Apple Pay.
"I'm very excited about the long-term prospects of mobile payments," Nelms said. "Over time, that will be the access device for credit card accounts as well as debit card accounts."
Building mobile payment acceptance will take longer, Nelms said. "But it will come."
The Riverwoods-based financial services company also said it expects to spend $75 million or more next year to comply with regulations to fight money laundering.
Last June, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. ordered Discover to improve its program to fight money-laundering and to adhere to the Bank Secrecy Act. The Federal Reserve also has signaled that it plans to take action against Discover to improve its compliance with programs to fight money laundering.
The Bank Secrecy Act requires U.S. financial institutions to help federal agencies to detect and prevent money laundering.
"We've made progress adding staff, new technology and enhanced the program over the last year, but we expect continued time and effort will be required to meet regulatory expectations," Nelms said. "The costs associated with these remediation efforts may exceed $75 million through the end of 2015." The FDIC's order didn't include civil penalties.

The battle over the public finances will define BritainThe battle over the public finances will define Britain
Martin Wolf
The case for achieving an overall fiscal surplus in the next parliament is not overwhelming
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c6ea70a8-807e-11e4-872b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Eureka! The Greek Spirit Behind the Archimedes Awardreddit
When the National Journal recently looked at why Greeks are more likely to own their own business than other ethnic groups in America, I was curious to learn what they would find.
As it turns out, the strengths that take Greeks to the top of the list are the same values I learned from my Greek immigrant parents while growing up in Cleveland, Ohio -- hard work, a deep respect for knowledge and education, a strong family, and a strong entrepreneurial drive.
These are the values that have sustained generation after generation of Greek immigrants, and buoyed the entire Greek American community on its way to becoming one of the most successful -- and the best educated of all -- ethnic groups in America.
Indeed, these are the values that we Greeks turn to, time and again, for strength, and for hope -- especially in dark and difficult times, such as those that trouble the land of our ancestors today.
And these are the values that continue to produce one Greek American success story after another.
Just look at their stories.
Look at the story of Roy Vagelos , a son of Greek immigrants, who, as a boy, was so impressed by all the chemists and engineers he met while clearing tables and sweeping floors at his parents' Greek diner -- and who grew up to become the CEO of Merck, the company where all those customers worked.
Or the story of George Hatsopoulos , who lived through the Nazi occupation of Greece, came to study in America where, for his Ph.D. thesis at MIT, he developed a revolutionary ion propulsion technology to take astronauts to Mars -- and went on to build the high-tech giant Thermo Electron as a result.
Or the story of George Mitchell , the son of Greek goatherd, who pioneered the shale gas recovery technology that is now transforming the American economy.
Or the story of a new arrival like George Logothetis , the bright young London-born entrepreneur who is building a global Greek empire based in New York.
Read their stories, and you will see that they share more than just a Greek background: they each carry a strong entrepreneurial spirit, a high value on higher education, and a conviction that hard work is part of a full life, well lived. These are the bedrock values that each of these Greeks have brought to our country.
And what do these sons of immigrants do with the rewards they receive from their hard work? They give back.
They give back through leadership: it was Roy Vagelos who led the pharmaceutical giant Merck in its effort to wipe out river blindness , a dreaded disease that once was the scourge of West Africa -- the kind of leadership that some have pointed to as a model for responding to the current Ebola crisis .
And they give back to education: from George Mitchell's bequest of over $400 million to scientific research and education, Dr. Vagelos' recent $50 million gift to medical education at Columbia University, and Dr. Hatsopoulos' sustained support of science education and his backing of entrepreneurial competitions at MIT -- to the venture philanthropy of George Logothetis, who, though not even 40 years old, is already three years into building a global program that offers next generation students career-changing internships .
Joining these modern Greek heroes today is yet another Greek American success story I'd like to share with you.
As a math major at the University of Florida, a young Andrew Economos first worked with computers while working as a college intern at Cape Canaveral. Later, armed with a Ph.D in mathematics and statistics from UCLA, he developed computer business models at RCA's Sarnoff Labs, pioneered the use of online-computing at NBC -- and then struck out on his own, launching a start-up that has since grown to become the world's largest broadcast software company, with 22 offices around the globe.
Dr. Andrew Economos
But instead of sitting back in quiet retirement, Andrew Economos -- like Roy Vagelos and so many other brilliant, entrepreneurial minds -- is stepping forward, and giving back.
In previous years, he has quietly sponsored academic competitions at high schools near his New York home, and scholarships at a local college. Today, though, Dr. Economos steps out onto a larger stage, as he launches a new scholarship for outstanding Greek American students pursuing studies and careers in science, technology, engineering or math (STEM) related fields.
It's called the Archimedes Award .
When I first heard the name of his award, I instantly recalled when I first learned about Archimedes -- and heard the unforgettable story of how the ancient scientist jumped from his bathtub, and ran through the streets naked, with nothing but his world-famous shout of "Eureka!" about him, upon discovering how to calculate volume. As a kid, of course, I was shocked and amused -- but I was also filled with pride to learn that one of the greatest mathematicians in all of history was a Greek.
And now I can take even greater pride in knowing that the next great mathematician might be Greek.
That's because, Dr. Economos has chosen to make the Next Generation Initiative the home for the Archimedes Award.
For almost 10 years now the Next Generation Initiative has been working to help connect students with leaders and mentors through internships, fellowships and leadership programs like our Master Classes . The Archimedes Award is our very first scholarship, and it represents a significant addition to our programs which already reach thousands of students and professors on over 200 campuses across the United States. We are thrilled to be able to offer this new means of advancing the careers of young people in our community, and to do so in areas of such vital interest to our nation's future.
As Dr. Economos told me before making this announcement:
I've lived a good long life, and do not for a moment doubt that it was getting a sound scientific education and degree which made that possible. I hope some young people can follow a similar path on their own, and to the country's, benefit.
That is exactly how each and every one of the founders of the Next Generation Initiative feels.
When you talk with them -- whether it's George Tenet or George Stephanopoulos , Olympia Snowe or Paul Sarbanes , Michael Dukakis or Sylvia Mathews Burwell -- you will hear similar stories about growing up, about working in their family's restaurant for instance, or, in my case, my father's candy store. You will hear how our mothers and fathers made sure we grew up fiercely proud of our heritage -- and raised us to be confident that we could be anything that we wanted to be, and to follow in the audacious footsteps of those we considered our forebears: Pericles, Pythagoras, Aristotle and Alexander.
And even though our families may not have been rich, and our parents may not have had much schooling, you will hear how we all grew up knowing that education was the key -- and how each and every one of us had great role models to inspire us, and mentors who helped shaped our careers along the way.
That is why we believe it is our responsibility to make sure that the next generation of Greek-Americans has all the advantages we had -- and more.
As Greeks, of course, it is so easy for us to look back to our storied past.
But, let's not rule out the possibility that, in this next generation of students, there are those who will one day stand tall on the shoulders of our ancient heroes, and make us proud of their own achievements. And let us never forget that it is up to us to give the next generation of great Greek thinkers and scientists, engineers and doctors, writers and leaders, the tools they need to succeed.
More:

What Hollywood executives should really ask President ObamaBy Alyssa Rosenberg December 11, 2014 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
President Obama shops at Politics and Prose bookstore in Washington last month. (Reuters/Yuri Gripas)
Earlier this week, BuzzFeed’s Matt Zeitlin reported that among the e-mails stolen from Sony were an exchange between Sony Pictures Entertainment co-chairman Amy Pascal and Scott Rudin, an influential producer, in which the two joked about President Obama’s theoretical taste in movies. As my colleague Nia-Malika Henderson has pointed out , the joke does reflect a weirdly pernicious idea in Hollywood, that only African American audiences will go see movies with African American stars.
But the truly silly thing about the sight of two Hollywood honchos wondering if Obama likes Kevin Hart is that it’s totally unnecessary to speculate about the president’s cultural preferences since he spends so much time using his choices of books, movies and especially television shows to seem relatable. If you want to come up with a way to talk to the president about movies, books or television, all you have to do is Google what he’s been buying at Politics and Prose or search for his thoughts on “True Detective.” But since that is apparently hard to do, I’ll draw on my credentials as someone who once advised a boss of mine who was going to a meeting with Obama the day after the first season finale of “Homeland” to ask the president how he thought it had all turned out. Here are 10 questions Pascal and Rudin might have asked Obama about pop culture:
1. How do you feel about a Brody-less “Homeland” ? Wouldn’t it be fun if showrunner Alex Gansa brought back Dana Brody for a plotline where she runs off to join the Islamic State and Carrie has to persuade her to come home?

SeaWorld CEO to Step Down as Park Attendance DropsThe Ohio State Buckeyes' upset victory over the University of Alabama's Crimson Tide Thursday was among the surprising...
Brian Blanco/Getty Images

Medical debt collection  reporting under scrutinyMedical debt collection, reporting under scrutiny
Stethoscope
Federal agency turns eye to medical debt collection, reporting.
43 million Americans have overdue medical debt on their credit reports.
Consumers with medical debt twice as likely to argue “debt was paid”
Many consumers don't know they owe money for medical procedures until they get a call from a collection agency or they discover it on their credit report, a federal consumer watchdog says.
The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau on Thursday released a report spotlighting concerns about how medical debts are collected and reported.
About 43 million Americans have overdue medical debt on their credit reports, the bureau said. Unlike, say, unpaid phone or utility bills, medical debt can result from an event that is unpredictable and costly, with consumers often temporarily responsible for the whole bill until their insurance companies can work it out.
"Consumers can also become responsible for the medical debt because of billing issues between medical providers and insurers," the bureau said. "If a medical bill goes unpaid after a certain period of time, the medical provider may hand over the account to a third-party debt collector."
0
Most of the collection notices on consumers' credit reports are furnished to the credit reporting agencies, which include Chicago-based TransUnion, by third-party debt collectors, the bureau said.
Such black marks on a credit report can hurt consumers' credit scores, which can influence whether they can get loans and at what interest rates. A collection notice generally can stay on a report for up to seven years.
Complaints from consumers who are subject to medical collections are more likely to be about amounts owed or about whether the bill was paid as compared with complaints about other types of collections. The bureau's analysis found consumers with medical debt were more than twice as likely to argue that the debt was paid — 20 percent for medical collections compared with 8 percent for all other types of collection complaints.
"The medical billing process can be confusing for consumers," according to the bureau, which said 52 percent of overdue debt on credit reports is from medical expenses. Also, 1 in 5 credit reports contain medical debt in collections, the bureau said.
Unpaid medical debts average $579, the bureau said.
The bureau said it's concerned that "the complex processes by which medical bills are incurred, collected by a wide range of debt collectors and reported to credit reporting agencies can create challenges for consumers."
"A top priority" includes holding "all players in the credit reporting market accountable for ensuring the accuracy of data in credit reports," the bureau said. "This applies to the furnishers of the information, to the credit bureaus, and to the creditors that often both furnish information and use credit reports."
On Thursday, the bureau said it would require major credit reporting companies to provide regular accuracy reports that would include which information furnishers and which industries have the most disputes with consumers.
The bureau "expects the credit reporting agency to investigate, identify if there is a problem and take appropriate action."
TransUnion, one of three major credit-reporting agencies, referred questions to the Consumer Data Industry Association, a trade group.
"As part of its oversight responsibility," the bureau "periodically asks the nationwide credit reporting agencies to provide information regarding data maintained by the" agencies, an association spokesman said. "The information they are asking about concerns data received from lenders and others that report to the credit reporting agencies."
The association said it views the request as "being a normal course of business in dealing with the regulator."
Ninety-eight percent of credit reports have no material errors, the association spokesman said.

Walgreen and Staples Are Big Market MoversIraqi Court Upholds Saddam Death Sentence
December 26, 2006
By THE ABCNEWS INVESTIGATIVE UNIT
IRAQ NEWS
Court: Execute Saddam Within 30 Days
Iraq's highest appeals court on Tuesday upheld the death sentence for Saddam Hussein in his first trial and said it must be carried out within 30 days. The sentence "must be implemented within 30 days," chief judge Aref Shahin. "From tomorrow, any day could be the day of implementation." ( AP )
At Least 36 Iraqis Killed in Bombings
At least 36 Iraqis died Tuesday in bombings, officials said, including a coordinated strike that killed 25 in western Baghdad. Separately, the deaths of six U.S. soldiers pushed the American toll beyond the number of victims in the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks. ( AP )
Three U.S. Soldiers Killed in Iraq
A bomb killed three American soldiers and wounded another northwest of Baghdad on Tuesday, the U.S. military said. ( AP )
FRANCE
Channel Tunnel Is Terror Target
The Channel tunnel has been targeted by a group of Islamic militant terrorists aiming to cause maximum carnage during the holiday season, according to French and American secret services. ( The Observer )
NIGERIA
Nigerian Pipeline Explosion Kills 200
At least 200 people were killed Tuesday when a gasoline pipeline exploded in Nigeria's biggest city of Lagos, a Red Cross official said. The death toll was expected to rise. ( AP )
SOMALIA
Ethiopian PM says more than 1,000 killed as Somali Islamists
Ethiopian Prime Minister Meles Zenawi has said more than 1,000 people have been killed in fighting between his troops backing Somali government forces against Somalia's Islamist movement. ( AFP )
PAKISTAN
Pakistan to Mine and Fence Afghan Border
Pakistan has said it will fence and mine parts of its frontier with Afghanistan, amid allegations of militant infiltration across the border. ( AFP )
SAUDI ARABIA
Saudi Frees 18 Former Guantanamo Detainees
Saudi Arabia has freed 18 former Guantanamo Bay detainees after they completed their jail sentences, the Interior Ministry said on Tuesday. ( Reuters )
JAPAN
U.S. Wants Additional Anti-Ballistic Missile Radar System in Japan
The Pentagon has asked the Defense Agency for permission to install an additional X-band radar system in Japan to reinforce monitoring of possible North Korea's ballistic missiles aimed at the United States, sources said. ( Asahi Shimbun )
EAST TIMOR
East Timor PM Sends Bin Laden Message
East Timor's prime minister urged Osama Bin Laden to "extend his love" to Christians and Europeans and give up violence in a Christmas message broadcast around the world by the British Broadcasting Corp. ( AP )
ANALYSIS & OPINION
After Iraq, a New U.S. Military Model
By Stanley A. Weiss
It's been called the most dramatic shift in U.S. military power since World War II. But it's not the widely anticipated drawdown of American combat forces in Iraq. ( International Herald Tribune )
Military Deaths in Iraq Exceed 9/11 Tol
By Larry McShane
In a span of a few hours, 2,973 people were killed in the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks. In a span of 45 months, the number of American troops killed in Iraq exceeded that grim toll as the war continues. ( AP )
The Iranian Bull

Guest post: what if conventional wisdom on China is wrongSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Pricol Jumps 11% on Overseas AcquisitionYou are here: Home Market
Pricol Jumps 11% on Overseas Acquisition
NDTV | Updated On: December 12, 2014 14:06 (IST)
Sensex Rises More Than 300 Points; Bank Nifty Hits Record
Shares in Pricol surged over 11 per cent to a day high of Rs 47.40 on Friday after the company announced that its wholly owned subsidiary in Spain has acquired an auto component manufacturing company in Brazil.
This acquisition will enable Pricol to make a foray into the Brazilian auto component industry and the aforesaid acquisition is expected to be completed by the end of January 2015, the company said in a release to exchanges.
The Brazilian company, which Pricol acquired, had reported a revenue of Rs 301 crore during the calender year 2013.
As of 1.40 p.m. shares in Pricol traded 6.7 per cent higher at Rs 45.40 apiece, outperforming the broader Nifty which was down 0.3 per cent.
Story first published on: December 12, 2014 14:04 (IST)

Govt to use technology to improve governance  curb corruption: ModiIndia manufacturing activity expands to 2-year high as orders surge; PMI at 54.5 in Dec
Prime Minister Narendra Modi said on Thursday that government would effectively use technology to improve governance and check the menace of corruption.
In his interaction with US-based economists, the Prime Minister underlined the need for “injecting technology” into government processes and decision-making.
These initiatives, he added, would also provide the best possible solution to the problem of corruption.
Corruption, it may be mentioned, was one of the major election planks during the polls earlier this year which saw emergence of BJP as the majority party at the Centre.
Talking to the US economists, the Prime Minister said his government would accord “topmost priority” to skill development and job creation.
All government policies would be youth-centric as 65 per cent of India’s population is below the age of 35, said an official release quoting the Prime Minister.
He said the government’s focus on infrastructure and ‘Digital India’ would boost employment opportunities even in rural areas.
India’s federal structure should be viewed as a “development mechanism” rather than just a “constitutional arrangement,” Modi said, adding that he would endeavour to build “Team India” through a partnership with all state Chief Ministers and by encouraging and facilitating states to take initiatives for economic growth.
Stating that a person, who is unhealthy cannot derive any benefit from exercise, the Prime Minister said in the first six months his government focused on making India healthy once again.
He further said the success of the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana, which was for the benefit of the poor, had boosted the confidence of the government.
Speaking on the occasion, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley gave an overview of the various decisions taken by the government in the last six months in the economic sphere.
The Minister said there was a mood of optimism and expectation from the new Government, and the process of pragmatic and realistic decision-making was giving results.
Post Comments
More from economy

TCS Shares Fall 2% Ahead of Business UpdateYou are here: Home Market
TCS Shares Fall Over 2% Ahead of Business Update
Reuters | Updated On: December 12, 2014 14:30 (IST)
Sensex Rises More Than 300 Points; Bank Nifty Hits Record
Tata Consultancy Services shares fell more than 2 per cent on Friday. Traders speculated that the company may announce some restructuring, which may impact its earnings outlook.
TCS will provide a business update later in the day, analysts added. TCS does a sell-side meeting before every quarter end.
Management's commentary on FY15 dollar revenue growth will be key, analysts said. TCS shares have 34 'buy' ratings, 16 'hold' and 2 'sell' ratings, according to Thomson Reuters data.
The shares are also at the lower bollinger band and 14-day RSI (Relative Strength Indicator) at 32.
(Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014)

Mastek Surges 10% on Overseas AcquisitionYou are here: Home Market
Mastek Surges 10% on Overseas Acquisition
NDTV | Updated On: December 12, 2014 15:19 (IST)
Sensex Rises More Than 300 Points; Bank Nifty Hits Record
Shares in Mastek gained over 10 per cent to a day high of Rs 287.70 on Friday after the company announced that its US subsidiary Majesco Inc has acquired Agile Technologies.
Agile Technologies is an insurance industry focused IT consulting firm in USA, which has revenues of over $9 million.
Ketan Mehta, CEO and founder of Majesco said in a statement, "Agile's business is a natural synergistic fit for Majesco and this acquisition is an ideal way to strengthen their capabilities."
As of 3.11 p.m. shares in Mastek traded 4.25 per cent higher at Rs 272 apiece, outperforming the broader Nifty, which was down 0.9 per cent.
Story first published on: December 12, 2014 15:14 (IST)

Oil Hits Lowest in Over 5 Years at $63 on Supply GlutYou are here: Home Industries
Oil Hits Lowest in Over 5 Years at $63 on Supply Glut
Reuters | Updated On: December 12, 2014 15:06 (IST)
RBI Extends Deadline For Niche Banks' Licensing Spplications
London: Brent crude oil slipped on Friday to $63 per barrel, its lowest since July 2009, dragged down by persistent concerns over a global supply glut and a sluggish demand outlook.
Brent is down 8 per cent this week, 45 per cent below its June peak above $115 per barrel.
The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC), which accounts for a third of global oil output, cut its 2015 demand forecast this week to the lowest in more than a decade.
"It's following the trend lower. The market has reacted strongly to the OPEC forecast cut, and it is focusing only on the negative," said Hans van Cleef, senior energy economist at ABN Amro in Amsterdam.
He added that there was little technical support until the $50-55 level.
Brent was down 52 cents at $63.16 a barrel by 0821 GMT (1:51 p.m. in India), after touching $63.00.
Investors were awaiting a monthly oil market report from the International Energy Agency at 0900 GMT (2:30 p.m. in India) for more clues about the demand outlook.
US crude was down 75 cents at $59.20 a barrel, after falling more than a dollar to a low of $58.80, also the weakest since July 2009. The contract has lost about 10 per cent this week.
Top energy consumer China released data on Friday showing near-record refinery runs in November, with factory output growth weaker than expected.
High Chinese oil demand, which has remained above 10 million barrels per day for the past three months, could help provide a floor for prices.
Remarks by Saudi Arabia's oil minister reiterating that the kingdom will not cut output, and a surprise jump in US crude and distillate inventories, have driven down oil prices this week.
OPEC exporters are locked in a battle for market share. Kuwait has set the official selling price for crude sales to Asian buyers for January at $3.95 a barrel below the average of Oman/Dubai quotes, a trader said, its lowest since December 2008.
The market outlook is uncertain, with some traders speculating that other OPEC members, such as Algeria and Venezuela, may convince the group to hold an emergency meeting early next year. Others doubt that Saudi Arabia would agree to production cuts even if such a meeting were held.
"We continue to believe that the reversal for an uptrend is not in sight," Daniel Ang of Phillip Futures said in a note.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Gold Recovers to Rs 27 310 on Scattered BuyingYou are here: Home Industries
Gold Recovers to Rs 27,310 on Scattered Buying
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 12, 2014 15:14 (IST)
RBI Extends Deadline For Niche Banks' Licensing Spplications
New Delhi: Gold prices on Friday recovered marginally by Rs 10 to Rs 27,310 per 10 grams at the bullion market in the national capital on wedding season demand from jewellers even as the metal weakened overseas.
Silver rebounded by Rs 360 to Rs 38,560 per kg on increased offtake by industrial units and coin makers.
Traders said fresh buying by retailers and jewellers for the ongoing wedding season helped gold prices to recover. They, however, added that weak global trend as declining oil prices and prospects for higher US interest rates, restricted the rise.
Gold in Singapore, which normally sets price trend on the domestic front, traded lower by 0.8 per cent to $1,217.50 an ounce and silver by 0.5 per cent to $17.01 an ounce.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity inched up by Rs 10 each to Rs 27,310 and Rs 27,110 per 10 grams respectively. The precious metal had lost Rs 170 on Thursday.
Sovereign, however, moved in a narrow range in scattered deals and settled at previous level of Rs 23,800 per piece of 8 grams.
Silver ready recovered by Rs 360 to Rs 38,560 per kg but weekly-based delivery fell by Rs 330 to Rs 38,200 per kg on lack of speculators' buying.
Silver coins, however, continued to be asked at last level of Rs 63,000 for buying and Rs 64,000 for selling of 100 pieces.
Story first published on: December 12, 2014 15:11 (IST)

Nifty Posts Biggest Weekly Loss since July  Sensex Falls 251 PointsYou are here: Home Market
Nifty Posts Biggest Weekly Loss since July, Sensex Falls 251 Points
Reuters | Updated On: December 12, 2014 18:02 (IST)
Sensex Rises More Than 300 Points; Bank Nifty Hits Record
Mumbai: The BSE Sensex fell for a fifth session in six on Friday to post its worst weekly loss in three years as oil explorers continued to slump after Brent crude prices slipped to below $63 a barrel.
The relentless slide in crude prices is fuelling concerns about global economic growth, and also dragged stocks in Europe lower, while limiting gains in Asian markets.
Caution also prevailed ahead of consumer inflation data due after the close of markets. Retail prices were expected to have risen 4.5 per cent from a year earlier, the slowest monthly advance since the series was released in 2012.
Foreign investors have now sold $141.5 million worth of shares in Indian markets in the last three sessions, regulatory data showed.
The Nifty has fallen 4.68 per cent so far this month, putting it on track to snap two months of gains.
"In short-term, I expect markets to correct further by 2-3 per cent as foreign institutional investors are likely to continue to sell as markets looks little overvalued at these levels," said G. Chokkalingam, founder of Equinomics, a research and fund advisory firm.
"The flows will also be impacted as the holiday season begins.
The benchmark BSE Sensex ended 0.9 per cent lower at 27,350.68 and was down 3.9 per cent for the week to post its worst weekly performance since December 2011.
The broader Nifty closed down 0.8 per cent at 8,224.10. For the week it lost 3.7 per cent, recording its worst weekly performance since mid-July.
Shares of Gail fell 4.4 per cent, while Oil and Natural Gas Corp and Reliance Industries Ltd slipped 3.5 per cent and 2.63 per cent, respectively.
Software services exporter Tata Consultancy Services, fell 1.66 per cent as traders speculated the company would announce some restructuring, which may impact earnings outlook.
After market hours, TCS said in an analyst call it expected Q3 revenues to be in line and kept its EBIT margin band unchanged.
Other IT stocks such as Wipro ended down 0.58 per cent and HCL Technologies Ltd closed 2.55 per cent lower.
Meanwhile, caution ahead of the consumer inflation data later in the day dragged lenders including State Bank of India down 0.86 per cent, ICICI Bank 0.47 per cent, and Punjab National Bank down 0.51 per cent.
Among the gainers, telecom shares such as Bharti Airtel ended up 1.35 per cent on media reports of inclusion of additional spectrum auction.
Copyright Thomson Reuters 2014

20 Microns: Outcome of EGMDec 12, 2014, 04.03 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
20 Microns: Outcome of EGM
20 Microns Ltd has informed BSE that the Extra Ordinary General Meeting (EGM) of the Company was held on December 12, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
20 Microns: Outcome of EGM
20 Microns Ltd has informed BSE that the Extra Ordinary General Meeting (EGM) of the Company was held on December 12, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
2
20 Microns Ltd has informed BSE that the Extra Ordinary General Meeting (EGM) of the Company was held on December 12, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Sensex ends below 27 400; oil shares dragSensex ends below 27,400; oil shares drag
Jinsy Mathew | Mumbai Dec 12, 2014 04:07 PM IST
Markets ended lower on Friday, amid weakness in European shares, dragged by oil shares because of declining global crude oil prices. Adding to this, investors were cautious ahead of CPI and IIP data.
According to a business survey has estimated Index of Industrial Production (IIP) to increase to 2.8% for the month of October, 2014 compared to 2.5% in the same month last year and Consumer Inflation Index (CPI) to moderate to 4.5% in November, the slowest rate recorded since the data series was first published in 2012. The November CPI and October IIP data is due later today.
For the day, the Sensex ended down 251 points or 0.91% at 27,351 and the Nifty closed 69 points or 0.8% lower to end the trade at 8,224.
The slide in the broader markets was sharper with the smallcap index down 1.5% and the midcap index lost 1.3%, both underperforming the BSE benchmark index.
Health Care was the only sectoral index in the green, up 0.2%.
Meanwhile, Consumer Durables, Capital goods, Oil and Gas, Realty indices slipped over 2% each and were the top losers of the day.
Oil & Gas scrips further weakened on continued slide in global crude prices. GAIL down nearly 5% was the top Sensex loser along with ONGC and RIL down 3.5% and 2.5% respectively.
There was no respite for metal names as Tata Steel, Sesa Sterlite and Hindalco slipped 1-4%.
Financial names had a tough day with both the private and public sector banks closing the day in red. HDFC twins, ICICI Bank, SBI and Axis Bank declined 0.2-1.5%.
Depreciating rupee was not enough of a respite for the information technology stocks. Among the IT frontliners, only Infosys closed in the green, up 1%. Wipro and TCS were down 0.5% and 1.5%.
Bharti Airtel gained over 1.2% on media reports that the government is likely to include one slot for 3G services in the upcoming spectrum auction.
Sun Pharma edged higher by 0.8% on reports that the company has started working on Competition Commission of India (CCI)'s order which had placed the condition of selling seven brands from the combined entity's portfolio within six months before the sun Pharma and Ranbaxy merger takes place.
Maruti, Coal India, Hero MotoCorp and HUL up 0.2-1.3% were the only other gainers in the Sensex.
SMART MOVES
Havells India dipped for third day in a row, down 5.7% to Rs 265, after media report suggests that the company’s management has cut its FY15 guidance.
Now for the winners, Panacea Biotec gained 4.5% to 161 after the company announced that it has entered into a strategic alliance with Apotex Inc. for research, development, license and supply of two drug delivery-based generic products for US, Canada, Australia and New Zealand.
Hikal was up over 7% at Rs 752 after the company said that its board will meet on December 17, 2014 to consider stock split of equity shares.
Suven Life Science added 4% to Rs 218 after the company announced that it has secured five product patents from four countries corresponding to the new chemical entities (NCEs).
IL&FS Engineering surged 6.6% to Rs 62 after the company said Maytas Infra Saudi Arabia (MISA), a subsidiary of construction firm has received Rs 464-crore contract from Saudi Binladin Group for construction of Abraj Kudai project in Makkah in Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (KSA).
OnMobile Global is locked in upper circuit of 5% at Rs 72.60 on BSE after the company said its board approved the buyback of equity shares of the company at a price not exceeding Rs 86 per share.
The market breadth was very negative on BSE. 1991 stocks declined while 919 stocks advanced.

Senior Bengal minister Madan Mitra arrested in Saradha scamEmbarrassment mounted for West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee and her Trinamool Congress after the CBI arrested state transport and sports minister Madan Mitra in connection with the Saradha scam on Friday.    
 
He is the first minister of Bengal to be arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) in any case, and the fourth Trinamool leader to be held by the probe agency in the chit fund scam.
 
Accusing the Centre of adopting bullying tactics after Mitra’s arrest, Banerjee lashed out at Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) president Amit Shah and dared them to arrest her.
 
“CBI may take Madan to SSKM Hospital. I will go to meet him . Let me see whether Amit Shah’s goondas and Narendra Modi’s police can arrest me,” she said.
 
“It (the arrest) is unfortunate, shameful and deserves to be condemned. It’s sheer political vendetta. Can the CBI and the Centre go out of their jurisdiction and act like this?” she added.
 
The Saradha chit fund scam trail is hounding Banerjee’s government unlike any other challenge she has encountered during her stint in power so far and Mitra’s arrest triggered fresh calls from opposition leaders for her resignation.
 
Opposition parties have repeatedly accused the CM of trying to shield some of the beneficiaries of the company’s slush funds.
 
The Saradha scam was caused by the collapse of the investment operation of the Saradha Group, a consortium of over 200 private companies, which ran many unlicensed financial schemes in eastern India.
 
Under the scam hundreds of thousands of small investors lost Rs. 2,459 crore, according to an official estimate. There are unofficial estimates that peg the figure higher.
 
The CBI arrested Mitra around 4 pm after questioning him for about three hours during which he denied taking any money from Saradha, said an official privy to the development.
 
According to the official, who did not want to be named, Mitra stood his ground despite CBI officers confronting him with evidence.
 
“In the Saradha chit fund scam, RC 4 S/14, case relating to Saradha Realty, CBI has arrested Madan Mitra, a cabinet minister in the government of West Bengal on prima facie evidence of criminal conspiracy, cheating and misappropriation as well as deriving undue financial benefits from Saradha group,” said a CBI statement.
 
“CBI has also arrested Naresh Balodia, legal advisor to Sudipta Sen (Saradha Group chairperson) on charges of criminal conspiracy, cheating and diversion of funds in the same case,” the statement added.
 
Within an hour of the arrest, the Trinamool tore into Shah, who had launched a scathing attack on the Bengal CM last month, laying the foundation for the 2016 assembly elections in the state.
 
“The arrest of our cabinet colleague seems to be an act of vendetta. It appears CBI is controlled not only by BJP but also by Amit Shah. We strongly condemn this action. Neither the governor, nor the assembly speaker was informed before the arrest,” said Subrata Mukherjee, state panchayat minister.
 
The Supreme Court had in May ordered a CBI probe into the chit fund scams in West Bengal, Odisha and Assam under which various companies, including Saradha, allegedly duped investors of around Rs. 10,000 crore.
 
Two Rajya Sabha MPs (Kunal Ghosh, Srinjoy Bose) and a vice-president (Rajat Majumdar) of the Trinamool are already behind the bars in connection with the Saradha case.
 
The CM’s stated position is none from her party took any money from Saradha. She also points to the group’s operations having started during the Left rule, which she ended.
West Bengal Transport Minister Madan Mitra arrives at the CBI's office in Kolkata hours before his arrest. (Subhankar Chakraborty/HT photo)
Read: TMC is without political friends, fighting a lonely battle for staying in power
 
The group folded up in April last year, leaving its investors, largely from rural areas with little access to formal banking facilities, in the lurch.
 
The opposition mounted pressure on the CM after Mitra’s arrest.
 
“Madan Mitra’s arrest shows that Trinamool leaders are neck deep in Saradha scam, and the dots are leading to Mamata Banerjee’s doorstep. It’s time for her to resign taking moral responsibility,” said Sidharth Nath Singh, BJP national secretary.
 
State Congress president Adhir Chowdhury, too, demanded that the CM step down.
By any yardstick Mamata Banerjee is facing the worst point of her political life after coming in power in Bengal in May 2011. She is without friends at the centre. Worse, all the parties that she is approaching for alliances are declining.
Last month, both her former ally, Congress, and the the Left leaders rebuffed her when she said in the national capital that she is ready to tie up with any party (even with her bitter opponents like the Left) to fight communalism (read BJP).
"In 2011 when she tied up with Congress and swept into power in Bengal, she was at the zenith of her career. Within three years, she reached the lowest point. Her personal image, that of impeccable honesty, is gone. The popularity of the party is under a big question mark. And she now has the CBI on her trail, something that could be said about other regional party leaders, but not about Mamata earlier," said COngress leader Abdul Mannan.

One woman director must for certain public cos: GovtWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.
Union Budget 2014-15 Highlights
Following are the highlights of the Union Budget 2014-15 presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament on July 10, 2014
Income-tax exemption limit raised by Rs 50,000 to Rs 2.5 lakh and for senior citizens to Rs 3 lakh
Exemption limit for investment in financial instruments under 80C raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh.
Investment limit in PPF raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh
Deduction limit on interest on loan for self-occupied house raised to Rs 2 lakh from Rs 1.5 lakh.
Committee to look into all fresh tax demands for indirect transfer of assets in wake of retrospective tax amendments of 2012
Fiscal deficit target retained at 4.1% of GDP for current fiscal and 3.6% in FY 16
Rs 150 crore allocated for increasing safety of women in large cities
LCD, LED TV become cheaper
Cigarettes, pan masala, tobacco, aerated drinks become costlier
5 IIMs to be opened in HP, Punjab, Bihar, Odisha and Rajasthan
5 more IITs in Jammu, Chhattisgarh, Goa, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala.
4 more AIIMS like institutions to come up in AP, West Bengal, Vidarbha in Maharashtra and Poorvanchal in UP
Govt proposes to launch Digital India’ programme to ensure broad band connectivity at village level
National Rural Internet and Technology Mission for services in villages and schools, training in IT skills proposed
Rs 100 cr scheme to support about 600 new and existing Community Radio Stations
Rs 100 cr for metro projects in Lucknow and Ahmedabad
Govt expects Rs 9.77 lakh crore revenue crore from taxes
Govt’s plan expenditure pegged at Rs 5.75 lakh crore and non-Plan at Rs 12.19 lakh crore.
Rs 2,037 crore set aside for Integrated Ganga Conservation Mission called ‘Namami Gange’
Kisan Vikas Patra to be reintroduced, National Savings Certificate with insurance cover to be launched
FDI limit to be hiked to 49% pc in defence, insurance
Disinvestment target fixed at Rs 58,425 crore
Gross borrowings pegged at Rs 6 lakh crore
Contours of GST to be finalised this fiscal; Govt to look into DTC proposal.
‘Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya New Teachers Training Programme’ launched with initial sum of Rs 500 crore
Govt provides Rs 500 crore for rehabilitation of displaced Kashmiri migrants
Set aside Rs 11,200 crore for PSU banks capitalisation
Govt in favour of consolidation of PSU banks
Govt considering giving greater autonomy to PSU banks while making them accountable
Rs 7,060 crore for setting up 100 Smart Cities
A project on the river Ganga called ‘Jal Marg Vikas’ for inland waterways between Allahabad and Haldia; Rs 4,200 crore set aside for the purpose.
Govt proposes Ultra Modern Super Critical Coal Based Thermal Power Technology
Expenditure management commission to be setup; will look into food and fertilizer subsides
Impasse in coal sector will be resolved; coal will be provided to power plants already commissioned or to be commissioned by March 2015
Long term capial gains tax for mutual funds doubled to 20%; lock-in period increased to 3 years
Rs 4,000 cr set aside to increase flow of cheaper credit for affordable housing to the urban poor/EWS/LIG segment.
EPFO to launch the ‘Uniform Account Number’ service to facilitate portability of Provident Fund accounts
Mandatory wage ceiling of subscription to EPS (Employee Pension Scheme) raised from Rs 6,500 to Rs 15,000
Minimum pension increased to Rs 1,000 per month

Shun the path of violence: Rajnath Singh tells MaoistsPress Trust of India | Dec 12, 2014 at 04:30pm IST
Dhanbad (Jharkhand): Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh on Friday said Maoists should shun the path of violence as there is no space for violence in a democracy.
Addressing a meeting at Baghmara in Dhanbad district hours before the end of campaigning before the fourth of the five-phase polling on December 14, he appealed to the rebels to join the mainstream for all round development of the region.
"In democracy there is no space for violence. Naxalites must drop weapons and contribute in the development of villages as well as state," Singh said.
"Naxalites must drop weapons and contribute in the development of villages as well as state," Singh said.
Campaigning for two successive days in the coal belt, the minister said Naxal menace had hindered progress in some parts of the country and it was time that Naxalites abjure violence and join the mainstream of the society.
The Narendra Modi government is serious in providing employment opportunities to the youth and in this regard skill development schemes and agriculture is being promoted on priority, he said and appealed to the people of all religions and castes to work unitedly and make the nation strong.
"125 crore jansankhya desh ki bojh nahi ek Janashakti hai use shram shakti mein badla jayega (the population is not a burden, but will be turned into human resource)," Singh said.
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

New government policy on  representatives  for arms purchase  blacklistingDec 12, 2014 at 04:45pm IST
New government policy on 'representatives' for arms purchase, blacklisting
10
0
New Delhi: Resolving to end perennial delays in arms procurement, Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar on Friday said government will unveil a "clear-cut" policy in January on engaging "representatives" for arms purchase and announce fresh norms to blacklist erring firms.
Promising a raft of steps to speed up military procurement, Parrikar said blacklisting of defence suppliers to root out corruption was not the only solution and indicated going for heavy penalties against erring firms.
"We should be in a position to have a very clear cut policy by January on representatives and on blacklisting. What does blacklisting mean. How far we can take it forward," Parrikar said.
On issues like imposing penalty, Parrikar was quick to add that it was his "loud thinking" and that final decision will be taken later.
#manohar parrikar #defence minister #india #weapons
India's military procurements have been dogged by long delays and allegations of graft and many defence experts had suggested legalising "agents" for speedy purchase of military hardware.
On having "representatives", he said they should have a very clear agreement with the Defence Ministry on their fees and there should be provisions of heavy penalty on violators.
The former Goa Chief Minister said having "representative" with a very clear method of payment and fees was a better solution to the defence forces than delaying the procurement procedures.
"There should be a very clear agreement deposited with the Defence Ministry in advance. Very heavy penalty (should be imposed) if you violate that," he told a news channel.
On issues like imposing penalty, he was quick to add that it was his "loud thinking" and that final decision will be taken later.
Underlining the need for speeding up defence procurement, the Minister said the government was working on ensuring transparency and said delay in decision-making allows entry of more agents.
"Jitna delay in decision making, utna agents jada khush ho jata hei (The agents are happier if there are more delays in decision-making)," he said.
2

Retail inflation likely fell to record low in November: PollIndia manufacturing activity expands to 2-year high as orders surge; PMI at 54.5 in Dec
Indian consumer inflation probably fell to a record low in November, dragged down by falling food and fuel prices, while growth in core industries nudged factory output up in October, a Reuters poll showed.
The latest survey of 36 economists forecast that retail inflation cooled to an annual rate of 4.50 percent from October’s 5.52 percent.
That would make it the lowest since the government started releasing the data in 2012. Official retail inflation data will be released on Friday.
Wholesale price inflation was forecast to slow to 1.41 percent in November from 1.77 percent in October, making a new five-year low. The data will be released on Dec. 15.
“Continued steep declines in food and fuel prices, as well as subdued core pressures, mean that consumer price inflation is likely to have dropped to a record low in November,” wrote Shilan Shah, Capital Economics’ India economist, in a note.
While expecting some acceleration in inflation during coming months, partly due to the unwinding of a favourable base effect, the Reserve Bank of India raised hopes at a policy review last week that it would cut interest rates once it becomes more sure that inflationary pressures are waning.
The Reuters poll also forecast that production at India’s factories, mines and utilities rose an annual 2.80 percent in October compared to 2.50 percent in September.
Data last week showed annual infrastructure output, which accounts for more than a third of overall factory production, accelerated to a four-month high of 6.3 percent in October.
The uptrend in industrial production will probably continue, according to a private survey earlier this month which showed strong demand meant factory activity expanded at its fastest pace in nearly two years in November.
The positive data suggests the economy may be gaining momentum after losing some steam in the July-September quarter.
“A recovery is certainly underway. Its sustainability depends critically on the continued efforts by the government to resolve the issues surrounding stalled projects,” said Rupa Rege Nitsure, chief economist at Bank of Baroda.
Post Comments
More from economy

Make in India  should not merely focus on manufacturing: RajanIndia manufacturing activity expands to 2-year high as orders surge; PMI at 54.5 in Dec
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan today sounded a word of caution about the new government’s ‘Make in India’ campaign that assumes an export-led growth path of China and said instead it should be ‘Make for India’ that will produce for the internal market.
He also pitched strongly for some budgetary incentives for household savings that could help ensure that country’s investment is largely financed from domestic savings.
Domestic demand has to be financed responsibly as far as possible through domestic savings, he added.
Delivering the Bharat Ram Memorial Lecture on “Make in India, Largely for India”, Rajan commended the government’s aim of making more in India for which access to finance should be made easier.
“There is a danger when we discuss ‘Make in India’ of assuming it means a focus on manufacturing, an attempt to follow the export-led growth path that China followed. I don’t think such a specific focus is intended,” he said.
The Governor’s remarks assume significance in the context of the campaign of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who had an announced an ambitious ‘Make in India’ programme in his Independence Day speech.
The governor said that the world as a whole is unlikely to be able to accommodate another export-led China. Industrial countries themselves have been improving capital intensive flexible manufacturing, so much so that some manufacturing activity is being “re-shored”. Any emerging market wanting to export manufacturing good will have to contend with this new phenomenon.
India would also have to contend with China when it pushes into manufacturing exports.
“I am not advocating export pessimism here– India has been extremely successful at carving out its own areas of comparative advantage, and will continue to do so.
“I am counselling against an export-led strategy that involves subsidising exporters with cheap inputs as well as an undervalued exchange rate, simply because it is unlikely to be as effective at this juncture”, he said.
Rajan said that he was also cautioning against picking a particular sector such as manufacturing for encouragement, simply because it has worked well for China.
“India is different, and developing at a different time, and we should be agnostic about what will work,” he said.
RBI Governor said that instead of subsidising specific industries because they are deemed important or labour intensive, the public goods each sector needs should be figured out.
He said the second possible misunderstanding was to see ‘Make in India’ as a strategy of import substitution through tariff barriers, a strategy that had not worked because it ended up reducing domestic competition, made producers inefficient and increasing cost to consumers.
Elaborating on the ‘Made for India’ concept, Rajan said if external demand growth was likely to be muted then India has to produce for the internal market.
“This means we have to work on creating the strongest sustainable unified market we can, which requires a reduction in the transactions costs of buying and selling throughout the country.
“A well designed GST bill by reducing state border taxes, will have the important consequence of creating a truly national market of goods and services which will be critical for our growth in the years to come,” he said.
Domestic demand has to be financed responsibly as far as possible through domestic savings. “Our banking system is undergoing some stress. Our banks have to learn from past mistakes in project evaluation and structuring as they finance the immense needs of the economy,” he said.
The RBI Governor said the system has to work on spreading financial services to the excluded because once they learn how to manage finances and save they can be relied upon to borrow responsibly.
“The income tax benefits for an individual to save have been largely fixed in nominal terms till the recent budget, which means the real value of the benefits have eroded. Some budgetary incentives for household savings could help ensure that the country’s investment is largely financed from domestic savings,” he said.
The Governor also argued for ensuring transparency and stability in the economy saying a sound fiscal framework around a clear fiscal consolidation path is critical. On the monetary side, a central bank focused primarily on keeping inflation low and stable will ensure the best conditions for growth.
“In reacting to developments, however, the central bank has to recognise that emerging markets are not as resilient as industrial economies.
“So the path of disinflation cannot be as steep as in an industrial economy because an emerging market is more fragile, and people’s buffer and safety nets thinner…Going forward we will discuss an appropriate timeline with the government in which the economy should move to the centre of the medium term inflation band of 2 to 6 per cent,” he said.
In addition to inflation, he said the central bank has to pay attention to financial stability. Referring to the Current Account Deficit (CAD) and said the best for of financing is long term equity that is Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) which has the additional benefit of bringing in new technologies and methods.
“While we should not be railroaded into compromising India’s interest to attract FDI — for example, the requirements to patent a medicine from India are perfectly reasonable, no matter what the international drug companies say — we should ensure policies are transparent and redress quick,” he said.
Post Comments
More from economy

Saradha scam: Madan Mitra arrives in CBI officeSaradha scam: Madan Mitra arrives in CBI office
Investors furious over Havells  alleged selective disclosure to analystsHavells' selective disclosure to analysts irks investors
Viveat Susan Pinto | Mumbai Dec 13, 2014 12:29 AM IST
Electrical equipment maker Havells India’s move to selectively disclose its slowing sales growth to analysts has upset shareholders.
On Wednesday, brokerages UBS and Motilal Oswal lowered the company’s revenue growth guidance for 2014-15 to 12-14 per cent from 17-20 per cent, citing weaker than expected demand recovery. This came after their meeting with the company’s management. The analyst reports also pointed to possible pension liabilities in the second half of the financial year, which could affect the company’s reported profit, and currency volatility, which might impact its margins in Latin America. Predictably, the Havells India stock tanked on bourses after a lowering of guidance. On BSE, the scrip declined six per cent on Wednesday and over nine per cent on Thursday; it was trading at Rs 265.75 a share at close on Friday. Before the guidance cut, the shares were trading at Rs 346 apiece.
“This is a breach of corporate governance norms,” said Anupam Maheshwari, a Mumbai-based Havells India investor. “I tried contacting the company to seek an explanation on why it chose to do this selectively. It should have disclosed to the stock exchanges first. The company didn’t even indicate this during its results recently. Why now?”
Havells India said in a statement to stock exchanges on Friday that there had been no event or analyst meet conducted by the company that would have required a disclosure or intimation to stock exchanges under Clause 36 of the Securities & Exchange Board of India’s (Sebi’s) listing agreement. “The company, from time to time, keeps attending investor meets organised by recognised market intermediaries, where discussions about the macro environment of the economy are made in general, and the ground situation assessed. Any discussion or information about the company is in line with publicly available information,” it said.
In response to an email, the company said it had nothing more to share beyond the statement issued to stock exchanges. Havells India Managing Director Anil Rai Gupta had on Thursday indicated in an interaction with a television channel that he was hopeful of achieving an Ebitda (earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation) margin of 13-13.5 per cent in 2014-15. But the damage now appears to have been done.
Proxy advisory firms InGovern and Stakeholders Empowerment Services (SES) are in agreement with Maheshwari over selective disclosures. “Clause 36 of Sebi’s listing agreement stipulates that companies must make timely disclosure of price-sensitive information to stock exchanges first. By not doing so, the company has violated Sebi norms,” InGovern founder Shriram Subramanian said. “By selectively disclosing information to a group of people, the company is favouring them over others. Obviously, the latter can quickly act with the information they have; this is like insider trading.”
Former executive director of Sebi and managing director of SES, J N Gupta, said: “A few investors contacted me over the Havells development and I asked them to get in touch with Sebi. These things should be avoided and companies should make efforts to be as transparent as possible.”
In March this year, former Infosys chief executive & managing director, S D Shibulal, was seen as having crossed the line when he indicated at an investors’ forum that Infosys’ revenue could be near the lower end of its 2013-14 guidance. He had also said the lower-than-expected growth in the March quarter of 2013-14 could impact the company’s growth the next financial year. He had attributed this to a slowdown faced by clients in certain industries, as well as a mismatch of skills.
The next day, the Infosys stock had fallen 8.5%, prompting proxy advisory firms like InGovern to question such a statement.

Reduce day to day business costSubmit
I would like to receive communication from Microsoft
By downloading this white paper you understand that your name and contact information will be shared with Microsoft, and that Microsoft may contact you concerning products and solutions presented in the white paper. Microsoft respects your privacy. Please read the Microsoft online Privacy Statement
To know about moneycontrol.com privacy statement click here
Want to give your business a technological edge?
We will tell you how

Pakistan lawmakers miffed at not being able to meet SpeakerDec 12, 2014 at 05:22pm IST
Pakistan lawmakers miffed at not being able to meet Speaker
14
0
New Delhi: The visit of a Pakistani parliamentary delegation to the Lok Sabha on Friday created a flutter with its members claiming that the Speaker did not meet them after giving time.
However, Speaker Sumitra Mahajan said "they didn't come. I was sitting there inside", an apparent reference to the visitors failing to keep the 1 PM appointment with her.
The delegation comprising 12 Pakistani parliamentarians are on an initiative taken by the Pakistan Institute of Legislative Development and Transparency and their visit to Parliament House was arranged by Congress MP Mani Shankar Aiyar.
The delegation, which witnessed the proceedings of the House, said that the Speaker had given them time at 1 PM to meet.
#lok sabha #pakistani delegation #sumitra mahajan #parliament
The delegation, which witnessed the proceedings of the House, said that the Speaker had given them time at 1 PM to meet. The delegation reached her office around seven minutes later.
They said that the Speaker had left her office by the time they reached her office in the Parliament House building. The Speaker's Office, however, rejected the charge saying Mahajan had waited for them at 1 PM but they did not reach the office on schedule.
The Speaker should have waited for couple of minutes, a member of the delegation complained. Earlier, the Lok Sabha proceedings were observed by the delegation of legislators, who were seated in the Speaker's Gallery.
When asked why the usual tradition of introducing the visiting foreign parliamentarians was not followed in this case, Aiyar, a Rajya Sabha member who is part of the initiative, said that such traditions would be followed only for the "official delegation" invited by Parliament.
"But it is purely a private initiative. The Speaker was very courteous in offering the Parliament House Library for a meeting," Aiyar said.
When queried whether the Pakistani delegation was not given "due respect", Parliamentary Affairs Minister M Venkaiah Naidu said, "I am concerned about Indian Parliament. I am concerned about my people. I don't know".
Pressed further, he said, "They have not approached me. They did not have the courtesy of informing the Parliamentary Affairs Minister. What can I do?"
He said "this is a serious issue, that too foreign affairs issue" to be dealt in a serious manner.
The Speaker's Office said when an official delegation visits at the invitation of Parliament then they are seated in the special box and announcement is made.
Parliament sources said as courtesies were extended to the delegation, they should have refrained from talking to the media on the issue.
0

Taxi app ban makes investment ride uncertain for Ubers Indian rivalsTaxi app ban makes investment ride uncertain for Ubers Indian rivals
New norms for coal blocks not to raise power tariff: PiyushGoyalBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 12, 2014 6:30 pm
The new legislation on coal block allocation will not lead to higher electricity tariff for consumers, instead the prices could come down, Power and Coal Minister Piyush Goyal informed Lok Sabha on Friday.
“Power tariff will not go up. Power sector is a regulated sector. Reverse bidding auction will happen, prices will fall,” he said replying to a debate on the Coal Mines (Special Provisions) Bill, which replaces an Ordinance promulgated in October. The bill was later passed by the House.
Goyal said ever since NDA came to power, coal production rose to 7.5 per cent and power generation from coal-based plants has shown 21 per cent growth.
He said the new legislation would ensure opening of some coal mines under public sector Coal India and new mines to be auctioned would use better technology to extract coal in a scientific manner.
The Minister said these factors would pave the way for higher coal output and lower production cost and ultimately benefit the country’s power sector.
The bill, which replaces an ordinance, was brought in the wake of the Supreme Court order cancelling the allocation of 204 coal blocks on September 24 and resetting the agenda for their allocation.
The ordinance was promulgated in October to facilitate auctioning of the cancelled coal blocks. In the first round, 74 blocks are to be auctioned by the government.

Express at COP 20: Countries get down to work in the last hours of climatetalksWritten by Amitabh Sinha | Lima |
Posted: December 13, 2014 12:20 am | Updated: December 13, 2014 6:12 am
With just a few hours remaining in the climate talks to come to a close, countries finally got down to negotiating a simple and short text that will determine what and how each country would list as its “contribution” in the fight against climate change.
Read full coverage from Lima: Express at Lima
A seven-page draft decision text with three options each on the contentious issues was prepared and circulated to the countries late on Thursday night following a deadlock through most of the second week of the talks when countries stuck to their well-stated positions and kept on adding additional options in the earlier draft text that went on to become too unwieldy and large, running into over 50 pages.
The negotiators received a dressing down from the head of this round of climate talks, Conference of Parties, of COP, as it is called, on Thursday evening after he was told that no progress had been made in the negotiations throughout the day. COP President, Manuel Pulgar Vidal, host country Peru’s Minister of State for Environment, lashed out at the negotiators saying they had not just come to enjoy the city and must ensure that they do not go back empty-handed from Peru.
“This is the time to take decisions…we want to give a clear and strong message that we want to take this process forward…you have not come here to just enjoy Lima…we must not accept to leave Lima with empty hands, ” Vidal said in an impassioned plea to the negotiators.
Following his intervention, a negotiating text was prepared late at night by the co-chairs of the working group that had been discussing it. Draft texts are generally an outcome of discussions of all the countries in the working group and not presented by the co-chairs but Vidal said he was making an exception and he would take full responsibility for it. The countries sat down on Friday morning to discuss this draft text.
“This text needs significant improvement. The options presented are like a ‘choose your own adventure’ novel. Some could put us on a barely workable path while others may doom us to a dangerous future. Unless the text improves, whatever options negotiators choose over the day will leave many difficult issues unresolved and keep the world headed down to a treacherous road towards extreme warming,” said an Oxfam reaction to the new draft text.
The draft text contains options on what each country’s ‘contributions’ in the fight against climate change should look like. These ‘contributions’, which are supposed to be ‘nationally-determined’ and hence called Intended Nationally-Determined Contributions (INDCs), will form the backbone of the global climate agreement that is expected continued…

PM Modi rules Twitter in 2014; #MufflerMan Kejriwal mosthashtaggedBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 12, 2014 6:03 pm | Updated: December 12, 2014 6:25 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Aam Aadmi Party were the favorite topics on Twitter in the year 2014. While Modi stood out on Twitter, in terms of trends, Aam Aadmi Party generated both positive as well as negative sentiments.
Political parties and organisations dominate most conversations on and off Twitter. Here’s the most mentioned leaders for 2014 which is topped by Narendra Modi followed by an equally popular Arvind Kejriwal on twitter.
Top 5 most mentioned Indian leaders
Most mentioned government/political organization
They year saw most political parties and members take to Twitter very actively. Though, it is interesting to note that the Information Technology ministry of Telangana makes an entry at number 4.
Top most followed Indians 
The year truly belonged to Prime Minister Narendra Modi. His Twitter account is the most followed one of any politicians world wide after US President Barack Obama.
Top Hashtags by Politics and News
In terms of the most ‘newsy’ hashtags, the floods in Jammu and Kashmir were clearly important for those in the crisis and those not in Kashmir. The mysterious disappearance of the Malaysian Airlines flight MH370 also grabbed a lot of attention as it did across the world. India’s tryst with space travel was a top trend as people came online to talk about the Mars Orbiter.
Political hashtags
Newsy hashtags
While politics dominates the top moments on Twitter in 2014, it is Modi that sits right atop the list of most Retweeted Tweets of the year.
The Golden Tweet of 2014 was his declaration of victory on the 16th of May 2014 gaining 70,519 retweets celebrating his win.
Also, making a debut is ISRO’s Mars Orbiter as two of its Tweets make the top 10 as it made its historic journey into the Martian unknown.

TCS on track to exceed 55K hiring target |  Seasonal trends to impact revenueAjoyendra Mukherjee
(TCS today said it is undertaking…)
BENGALURU: IT giant TCS today said it is undertaking a performance-based workforce restructuring , but it is not a "retrenchment" exercise and the company may exceed its target of hiring 55,000 new professionals this fiscal.
Without giving any specific numbers for employees to be affected by this "continuous" restructuring process, the HR head of the country's largest software exporter also said that "it is not that everyone being relieved is a bad performer."
"It is not a special process. It is a continuous process," TCS EVP & Head - Global HR Ajoyendra Mukherjee told reporters here.
His comments follow reports about TCS undertaking a significant performance-related restructuring of its workforce, which may also lead to some employees being asked to leave the company.
Downplaying it as a "regular exercise", Mukherjee also said that the company was on track to meet its gross hiring target of 55,000 employees in the current fiscal ending March 31, 2015, and may even exceed it.
"This (restructuring) is nothing new what we are doing. This is something that goes on throughout the year. We are a performance-oriented organisation, we continue to look at the performance of each and every individual...we do have appraisal process, we measure how people are doing," he said.
"As we say, we are an organisation where we would like people to come in and make a career and continue to grow, but while doing that there are some business needs and there are people's aspirations, both have to match to a certain extent."
Mukherjee said there are different kinds of challenges that may lead to involuntary attrition.
"Some of you may ask, what is the kind of target that I have for this? My answer is I don't have a target, it is not a target driven exercise because if it was that- then it would be more of a retrenchment process. I'm not going through that."
About hiring plans, Mukherjee said "If you look at my hiring target - 55,000 - I'm on track, probably we will be doing more. At this stage I'm not in a position to tell you by how much, but we will definitely exceed that target".
He said that the company has a campus offer target of 35,000 people and it has already made over 31,000 offers and more than 3000 offers would be made during the fiscal.
"It (restructuring) is more of a business need vis-a-vis people's aspiration matching; it goes on throughout the year and it is not that is something happening today," Mukherjee added.
Stating that it is too early to comment on 2016 hiring outlook, he said "planning is on at this point in time, by end of February or early March I will announce the number.
At the end of last quarter ended September 30, 2014, TCS had a total headcount of 3,13,757 following a gross employee addition of over 20,000 people.
The company generated consolidated revenues of USD 13.4 billion for year ended March 31, 2014.
FEATURED ARTICLES

A poet  rediscoveredUpdated: December 12, 2014 18:49 IST
A poet, rediscovered
poetry
Velliangattan was a poet who put society ahead of family and lived by his ideals
Until a decade ago, not many knew of a poet called Velliangattan from Coimbatore. Today, the State owns his published works, and many scholars have based their research on his books. Bharathiar University and the University of Kerala, Thiruvananthapuram, have included his poems in their Tamil syllabus. The Singapore National Library has placed his books amidst the must-reads.
So, who was Velliangattan? The poet was born in 1904 in a scenic village named Velliangadu in the foothills of the Western Ghats. He studied only till the third grade and taught himself the Vedas, Upanishads, Thirukkural and Sangam literature. The poet’s pen name was an ode to his village, and he wrote on social issues and raised his voice against superstition.
He was true to every word he wrote. Ironically, even though Velliangattan was involved in improving society, unmindful of his family’s poverty, the same society neglected him.
He wrote over 15 books, including poetry, essays and some translations from Kannada in Tamil, until he passed away in 1991. His 75-year-old daughter V.R. Nalini helped bring his work to light in 2005.
“Velliangattan writes clearly, and his emotion-filled lines have great impact on the reader. That is the quality of a great writer,” says writer Marabin Maindhan. M. Muthaiah. “His poems are intense and true. And, he used simple words without violating the literary heritage of Sangam Tamil.”
His works reflected an immense pride for his language and country, and the rage he felt on seeing inequality in society. But, the poet rues that he stands alone. “Even a murderer about to be hanged will be accompanied by someone; but a true poet stands all alone,” he writes.
“It’s not easy to see a man with such strong principles. He endured poverty throughout life, yet stood up for the values he held dear,” says Ilangeeran, a poet and retired Tamil professor who spent his youth with Velliangattan in Nava India newspaper where the late poet worked as a proof-reader. In fact, some of his writings speak about the sad incidents in his life — from living in a thatched rented house to the death of his wife.
About himself the poet writes: ‘En kaaviyangalae en vaazhkai, En vaazhkayae en ezhuthu, Ennai pattri solvadharkku, En ilakkiyangal uyir vaazhdhal mattumae!’ (My works are my life; My life is my writing; Only if my works live, will they speak about me).
Velliangattan’s grandson N. Mahendran recalls the last days of his grandfather. Cancer had left him unable to speak, and he wrote to his youngest daughter Nalini on a slate. “For a poet, life and death are the same. He lives beyond time. Don’t forget that you’re a poet’s daughter. Don’t cry when I am gone.”
After his demise, Nalini tried to publish his works, but was met with humiliation and disappointment. After 13 years of struggle, ‘Velliangattan Kavidhaigal’ (Velliangattan’s Poetry) was published with the help of poet Puviarasu. Other books soon followed.
“I settled in Coimbatore in 1989, and if I had known about him, I would have met the great man. It is the language’s misfortune that people did not recognise Velliangattan when he was alive,” says Sahitya Akademi winning writer Nanjil Nadan.
There is a saying that a poet is seldom appreciated in his own house, in his own land and by his own people. Sadly, that was true in Velliangattan’s case. Poet Senthalai N. Gowthaman says the pure language used by the poet and his principled stand was why his works did not reach the public.
“He would not bow to anyone; the light of the media never fell on him.”

Is December the best time of year to get hiredWhy December might be the best time of year to get hired
By: The Muse December 11, 2014 2:17 pm
888  shares
SEND
EMAIL
With the holidays right around the corner, you’ve probably decided to put your job search on hold until the new year rolls around. Before you go on this little hiatus, though, you may want to consider this: December might actually be the best time of year to be searching for a job.
Here are four reasons why:
1. There’s less competition
Unsurprisingly, with people running around with their hair on fire trying to prepare for the holidays, there is just a lot less competition for the positions that are open—and yes, there are positions open. (I’ll get to that in a minute.) With fewer people applying for jobs, it’s ultimately easier to stand out from the crowd . Don’t make the mistake of thinking December is the month for slacking off—this could actually be the month your efforts pay off the most.
2. Companies have extra money in their budgets
Aside from the job openings that exist simply based on need (it’s not like companies suddenly don’t need employees in December), it’s not uncommon for companies to have a little extra spending money left over in their yearly budgets. This means new positions to be filled and hiring decisions to be made. This excess won’t be known until toward the end of the year, so naturally this is the time the positions get posted. If you have a target list of companies (and, yes, you should ), now would be the time to check in on their job listings.
3. You get more attention from recruiters
The best part of applying for jobs in December is the attention you get. Recruiters feel the slow down in candidates most keenly and will get even more excited than usual when an interesting person comes along. This applicant lull means a bit more time spent looking over resumes, longer interviews, and a more responsive hiring process all together—all good things for you, the qualified applicant.
4. It’s a great time to network
Finally, the holidays are a great time to be networking . Whether it’s tagging along with a friend to her company’s holiday party or chatting with an uncle you haven’t seen in a long time, there are tons of opportunities for you to meet new people or let your existing network know about your career plans. And, speaking of your existing network, now is a great time to be reaching out to and checking in with old colleagues and mentors. Even if you have nothing in particular to catch up about, sending a quick “thinking of you” note makes it easier for you to reach out again when you do need some career help down the road.
The holidays are a great time to take a break—and many do. But, if you want to stand out in your job search, you may want to consider this road less traveled and keep pushing your job search forward. Now is the time.
Lily Zhang serves as a Career Development Specialist at MIT where she works with a range of students from undergraduates to PhDs on how to reach their career aspirations. When she’s not indulging in a new book or video game, she’s thinking about, talking about, or writing about careers. Follow her musings on Twitter @lzhng.
The Muse is your ultimate career destination, offering exciting job opportunities, expert advice, and a peek behind the scenes into fantastic companies and career paths. We believe that you can and should love your job–and be successful at it–and we want to help make that happen. Whether you’re just starting out, changing career paths, or aiming for the C-suite, we’ve got everything you need to take charge of your career.
This article comes from The USA TODAY College Contributor network. The views expressed in this article do not necessarily reflect the views of USA TODAY. You understand that we have no obligation to monitor any discussion forums, blogs, photo- or video-sharing pages, or other areas of the Site through which users can supply information or material. However, we reserve the right at all times, in our sole discretion, to screen content submitted by users and to edit, move, delete, and/or refuse to accept any content that in our judgment violates these Terms of Service or is otherwise unacceptable or inappropriate, whether for legal or other reasons.
 

Consumer Inflation at Record Low: What Experts SayArun Jaitley Resolves to Encourage Public, Private Investment in 2015
Mumbai: Annual consumer price inflation eased for a fourth straight month in November to 4.38 per cent, its lowest level since government started releasing the data in 2012, government data showed on Friday.
The latest number was lower than a Reuters poll forecast of 4.50 per cent and October's 5.52 per cent print.
COMMENTARY
R Sivakumar, head of fixed income at Axis Asset Management, Mumbai:
"A significant part of this (easing inflation) is on account of the base effect, and we should see that reverse and expect inflation within the next three months to go back to about the 5.5 per cent range."
"We don't see any immediate change in the RBI's stance based on what I see today."
Bill Adams, senior international economist at PNC Financial Services Group:
"Paralleling global developments, a decline in oil prices and downward pressure on commodity prices generally is cooling Indian inflation, as are the more favourable base comparisons between late 2014 and the highly inflationary period of late 2013."
"Although Indian industrial production weakened in October, the trend for the economy continues to be stronger; 2014 is on track to be the best year for Indian electricity output growth since 1989."
"Looking to 2015, India should be a big winner from the global decline in energy prices, which will support consumer spending power, dampen inflation, and provide the Reserve Bank of India with room to loosen monetary policy."
"Indian real GDP growth should accelerate above 6.0 per cent in 2015."
Anubhuti Sahay, economist at Standard Chartered Bank, Mumbai:
"The IIP (industrial output) print was much worse than expected, and we last saw such bad prints back in October 2011."
"Some of the negative impact is likely to fade from next month onwards. However muted activity in the industrial sector is unlikely to provide a big push. We expect a rate cut in February 2015."
Shivom Chakrabarti, senior economist at HDFC Bank, New Delhi:
"The IIP (industrial output) was shocking, I think there's probably a one-off factor. Overall, it does highlight the fact that growth is still weak and inflation pressures are falling."
"It does put more pressure on the RBI to cut rates but I think given guidance RBI has provided, it would be prudent for it to wait at least until February and at least until the budget to take a decision."
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014
Story first published on: December 12, 2014 16:18 (IST)

Rupee Sees Biggest Weekly Fall in Over 4 MonthsYou are here: Home Forex
Rupee Ends Higher at 62.29; Biggest Weekly Fall in Over 4 Months
Reuters | Updated On: December 12, 2014 18:54 (IST)
Rupee Weakens to 63.50 as Share Losses Hurt
Mumbai: The rupee marked its biggest weekly fall in over four months on Friday, tracking steep declines in local shares and broad dollar strength as the slump in crude oil prices raised concerns about the global economy.
The benchmark Sensex fell for a fifth session in six on Friday to post its worst weekly loss in three years as foreign investors sold $141.5 million worth of shares in the last three sessions, regulatory data showed.
Caution also prevailed ahead of consumer inflation data, which showed retail inflation in November eased to a record low of 4.38 per cent from 5.52 per cent in October. ( Read more )
Analysts had expected retail prices to have risen 4.5 per cent, the lowest advance since the data was released in 2012, which would reinforce expectations of early rate cuts next year.
The falls in the rupee likely prompted intervention from the Reserve Bank of India, traders said.
"Rupee's bias would remain towards slow depreciation. Weak equities due to slumping crude opens the possibility of 63 plus on the unit in the near term," said Anindya Banerjee, currency research analyst at Kotak Securities.
The partially convertible rupee closed higher at 62.29/30 per dollar, after falling to as low as 62.5050, a level last seen on February 6. It had closed at 62.33/34 on Thursday.
The rupee fell 0.82 per cent over the week to mark its worst weekly fall since August 1.
The dollar stayed firm against most of its major peers on Friday, thanks in part to upbeat US retail sales data.
Meanwhile, Brent crude slipped on Friday to below $63 a barrel, its lowest since July 2009, on persistent concerns over a global supply glut and a sluggish demand outlook.
In the offshore non-deliverable forwards, the one-month contract was at 62.58, while the three-month was at 63.11.
($1 = 62.3550 rupees)

If nominated  I ll support Hillary: Richardsonif nominated  i ll support hillary: richardson
Concerned over humanitarian crisis in Ukraine: PutinConcerned over humanitarian crisis in Ukraine: Putin
Ramdev praises Modi for promoting yoga on world stageRamdev praises Modi for promoting yoga on world stage
Coal scam: CBI files chargesheet against Madhu Koda  seven othersCoal scam: CBI files chargesheet against Madhu Koda  seven others
TCS maintains status-quo for third quarterTCS maintains status-quo for third quarter
Retail inflation eases to 4.38% in NovemberRetail inflation eases to 4.38% in November
Oct industrial output contracts  builds case for rate cutOct industrial output contracts  builds case for rate cut
Astral Poly Technik gets approval for raising Rs 240 croreAstral Poly Technik gets approval for raising Rs 240 crore
BSE SME cos market-cap crosses Rs 10 000-crBSE SME cos market-cap crosses Rs 10 000-cr
At $480 per quitter  government anti-smoking campaign is called a bargainBy Lenny Bernstein December 10, 2014 Follow @LennyMBernstein
( EPA/CHRISTOPH SCHMIDT)
At $48 million, the first government mass media campaign to convince cigarette smokers to quit would seem a pricey luxury, especially since that sum purchased just three months of television ads from March through June of 2o12. But a new study of its cost effectiveness, released Wednesday, determined that it cost just $480 for each smoker who quit and $393 per year of life saved.
The graphic videos featured pleas from former smokers who had suffered amputated limbs, oral and throat cancer, paralysis, lung damage, strokes, and heart attacks. One of the most haunting showed  Terrie Hall, a 52-year-old North Carolina woman whose larynx was removed after she was diagnosed with throat cancer. In the ad, she spoke with the help of an artificial voice box. Hall later died.
The campaign and the analysis were both conducted by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, but Saul Shiffman, a University of Pittsburgh psychology professor who has spent decades studying smoking habits, said there is no doubt it was a tremendous bargain for the public and, especially, the smokers who quit or added years to their lives. One standard used in studying such interventions considers them cost effective at $50,000 per year of life gained--more than 100 times the cost of the campaigns.
Medical interventions, such as heart and lung surgery commonly needed by long-term smokers are much more expensive than that, Shiffman noted. The money spent on the campaign "would pale next to the money we spend for medical treatment for smokers who otherwise are going to have a heart attack and lung cancer," he said.
CDC Director Thomas Frieden said the campaign is "an example of an investment that saves lives and money. Most smokers want to quit. Tips show that people can, and can save literally tens of thousands of lives, and has done so at a cost vastly lower than the cost of most other health interventions."
Shiffman and Tim McAfee, director of the CDC's Office on Smoking and Health, noted that the tobacco industry spends about $8 billion annually to promote its products. Funding for the campaign, which continued in subsequent years, comes from the Affordable Care Act.
A previous study of the effort determined that more than 100,000 people gave up smoking for six months or more, considered permanent abstinence for the purposes of the research. Another 100,000 quit for shorter periods of time and 1.6 million tried to quit after seeing the ads.
The data was derived by surveying a group of several thousand smokers before and after the ad campaign, McAfee said. About 89 percent said they had seen the ads.
The shocking nature of the campaign was designed to reach smokers, who already know that the habit is likely to sicken and kill them. They told researchers "we don’t want to die early , but we’ve kind of absorbed that message. We don’t want to suffer and we don’t want our  families to suffer," McAfee said.
"What they told us [was you] need to show us in a way that we can understand or believe what the consequences of us continuing to smoke are," he said.  A positive message was included at the end of the ads to highlight the fact that even smokers who quit late in life improve their health and gain quality of life, he said.
Despite declines in smoking rates, about 42 million people in the United States, 18 percent of the population, still smoke. The habit remains the single most preventable cause of death and disease in this country, the study noted.
Lena Sun contributed to this report.
Lenny Bernstein writes the To Your Health blog. He started as an editor on the Post’s National Desk in 2000 and has worked in Metro and Sports.

Hike in foreign investment cap in insurance to attract Rs 50k crHike in foreign investment cap in insurance to attract Rs 50,000 crore
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 10, 2014  | 00:00 IST
Photo: Reuters
The proposed hike in foreign investment limit to 49 per cent in the insurance sector has potential to attract up to $7-8 billion (about Rs 50,000 crore) from overseas investors, giving a major boost to the segment.
With the Parliamentary Select Committee endorsing an increase in composite foreign investment limit in insurance to 49 per cent, industry experts said the move can help facilitate inflows to the tune as Rs 25,000 crore from abroad into domestic insurers.
A top government official, however, said the total funds that might eventually come into the Indian insurance sector could be to the order of $ 7-8 billion, including inflows into existing insurance players and funds by new foreign entities seeking to establish business here after amendment to the Insurance Act.
The approval to hike the FDI limit from the current 26 per cent has been pending since 2008 in the Rajya Sabha.
After the Insurance Bill is passed by Parliament, the same norms for foreign investment will apply to the pension sector as well.
"At present, foreign investment is capped at 26 per cent in the insurance sector and most of the existing players have got a foreign partner. The additional foreign capital expected across life, health and general insurance companies is between Rs 20,000 to 25,000 crore", KPMG (India) Partner Shashwat Sharma said.
Life Insurance industry alone has potential to attract Rs 7,800 crore. The total capital deployed in the private life insurance sector is close to Rs 35,000 crore.
"At FDI at 26 per cent, foreign equity is close to Rs 8,700 crore. The industry at this stage does need long-term capital for growth and expansion which only FDI can bring in", PNB MetLife CEO Tarun Chugh said.
"FDI not only brings in capital and foreign exchange immediately into the economy but also enables companies to invest further in managerial ability, technical knowledge, administrative organisation, and innovations in products and processes", he said.
Rajesh Sud, Managing Director, Max Life Insurance, said the recommendation on the increase in foreign capital to 49 per cent through foreign investors, including FDI and portfolio investors, will open up capital coming to country.
"Equally it would encourage new entrants and other players desirous of increasing their capital contribution to the sector to do so through the FDI route", he said.

California s  Storm Of The Decade  Shuts Schoolsreddit
Three school districts in the San Francisco Bay Area have canceled school on Thursday in preparation for what meteorologists are predicting may be the area's strongest storm in nearly a decade.
Public school districts in San Francisco , Oakland and Novato announced the closures on Wednesday, citing concerns of extreme rain and wind during the hours that students would travel to school.
"Closing schools is a serious decision," Richard A. Carranza, San Francisco Unified School District superintendent, said in a press release. "I did not arrive at this lightly. First and foremost, we don't want to risk having our students injured or seriously delayed transporting to and from school.”
Carranza said the storm could interfere with schools’ basic functions.
“In addition to student absences, the storm could result in large numbers of staff absences, which could then lead to inadequate supervision of our students,” he said. “Furthermore, power outages could affect the district's ability to feed students' school meals, among many other operational challenges."
SFUSD spokeswoman Gentle Blythe told The Huffington Post that the closing is “definitely unusual” and was the first time in at least a decade that the district has closed for a rain day.
Oakland and San Francisco plan to reopen schools on Friday.
Forecasters are predicting wind gusts of more than 50 miles per hour in urban areas and up to 80 mph in nearby hill and mountain areas, and eight inches of rain along coastal regions, CBS affiliate KPIX 5 reported.
Also on HuffPost:

How to Use LinkedIn to Build Your Thought Leadershipreddit
LinkedIn is a powerful social tool which provides a great opportunity for businesses to establish expertise and thought leadership with their target audience.
Thought leaders are informed opinion leaders and the go-to people in their field of expertise. Being positioned as a thought leader in your industry helps your business gain credibility and visibility, and builds your own personal brand.
Many professionals have been quick to see the benefits of using social media platforms such as LinkedIn to generate their thought leadership.
Here are some tips on how to use LinkedIn to build your thought leadership.
Regularly update your status
Updating your status on LinkedIn is a priority when building your thought leadership. Posting regular, valuable and interesting content is the best way for your followers to perceive you as an expert in your field. Ideally you should post at least once a week to start building your thought leadership.
The process of selecting content to share needs to be undertaken in a thoughtful and strategic way. Your content must offer more than self-promotion. Creating your own content such as blog posts, infographics, videos and more is a great way to demonstrate thought leadership.
Visuals work really well in LinkedIn and can increase the level of exposure and engagement you have with your audience. Consider including visuals in the form of images, Slideshare presentations or videos in your posts to enhance audience interaction.
If you are unable to create your own content, consider using a curation method which involves collating industry relevant content from around the web. Contributing your perspective on the article or blog post shows you can demonstrate your opinion and knowledge on a particular topic.
Utilize LinkedIn Pulse
LinkedIn Pulse is a great way to promote your content on LinkedIn and in the Pulse app. This app is integrated into the LinkedIn website to provide users personalized content that takes into account a user's professional interests and people they follow on LinkedIn.
Consider uploading your blog posts and articles to LinkedIn Pulse to build your thought leadership and increase your exposure to audiences. Look for the pencil icon in your status update to open up the page and start creating your post. Keep in mind the content your target audience will respond to as well as your core area of expertise
Optimise your LinkedIn profile
Having a complete profile on LinkedIn is important when establishing yourself as an expert. According to LinkedIn, a completed profile will appear in search results 40 times more than the average LinkedIn profile.
For the best chance of your profile being seen by your connections, ensure you have filled out as many fields as possible and that you are regularly viewing your profile.  Ensure you have a professional headshot as your profile image, an excellent summary that discusses a bit about your background and your area of expertise, an engaging headline and a comprehensive list of your professional career history.
Start a LinkedIn Group
Starting a LinkedIn group is a great way to connect with people in your industry and raise your profile as a thought leader and expert.  Choose a group name that relates to your specific topic of interest or profession rather than your brand name, as more people will relate to it and it will encourage engagement on that topic.
It is important to spend some time building your group membership. Invite your connections to join the group and promote the group (and its discussions) on your website, email signature, newsletter and social media accounts such as Facebook and Twitter.
Until members begin initiating discussions, you should post at least twice a week. A good tactic is to post discussions that ask questions and include a link to a related article. If there are already active discussions, it is important to also contribute to these.
Contribute to LinkedIn groups
Posting discussions into LinkedIn groups is a great way to establish yourself as a thought leader and get noticed by your peers. LinkedIn allows you to join up to 50 groups at any one time, so it is beneficial to make the most of this tool.
Interacting in other groups is an excellent way to start building your profile. Start by identifying and defining your niche area of expertise. Brainstorm a range of creative angles you can take on your topics and prepare material to use in the future. It won't be beneficial to comment on everything in a LinkedIn group; take the time to choose your key areas and stick to them.
It is important to post engaging and valuable information that other group members will appreciate. A great tip to drive engagement is to frame your posts as a question. Go on to share your own knowledge and opinions and encourage others to do the same.
LinkedIn gives professionals an excellent opportunity to demonstrate their expertise and thought leadership. Posting high quality and valuable content is one of the best ways to demonstrate your knowledge among a captive and engaged target audience.
About the author
Catriona Pollard is the author of 'From Unknown To Expert', a step by step framework designed to help entrepreneurs develop effective PR and social media strategies to become recognised as thought leaders and influencers in their field. www.UnknownToExpert.com . Catriona is also the director of CP Communications, which merges traditional PR tactics with cutting-edge social media strategies that engage consumers as well as business.

SeaWorld CEO stepping down as company announces layoffsSeaWorld CEO stepping aside as company announces layoffs
SeaWorld announces job cuts and major changes
SeaWorld announced Thursday that CEO and President Jim Atchison is stepping down and it is laying off employees. (Video by FOX35)
SeaWorld announced Thursday that CEO and President Jim Atchison is stepping down and it is laying off employees. (Video by FOX35)
Busch Gardens Orlando
SeaWorld CEO Jim Atchison stepping aside
With its stock price suffering and attendance dropping, SeaWorld announced Thursday that CEO and President Jim Atchison is stepping down and it is laying off employees.
A company spokesman would not say whether the board asked for Atchison's resignation.
"It has been an honor to lead SeaWorld," Atchison said Thursday in a news release.
Jim Atchison
SeaWorld CEO Jim Atchison during an interview at SeaWorld's Discovery Cove.
SeaWorld CEO Jim Atchison during an interview at SeaWorld's Discovery Cove. (Red Huber, Orlando Sentinel)
SeaWorld Entertainment Inc. has been fighting public-relations crises since 2010, when the orca Tilikum killed trainer Dawn Brancheau in Orlando. Controversy over killer whales at its theme parks has been fueled by last year's documentary "Blackfish," which suggested the stresses of life in captivity may have caused Tilikum to lash out. Just last month, Atchison told analysts that SeaWorld had hired new people with expertise in public affairs, along with outside advisers "to help us navigate some of this."
The board was likely looking for someone who can better handle SeaWorld's public-relations problems, said Bob Boyd, a leisure analyst with Pacific Asset Management.
Boyd said the board probably will probably seek someone who "is less about the operations of the park and a lot more about how do we ... get people to understand our product better, how do we handle the public relations and the media aspect of SeaWorld. I think that's the biggest challenge they have now."
8
Atchison's resignation is effective Jan. 15. Chairman David F. D'Alessandro will become interim CEO until the board selects a replacement. Atchison will become vice chairman of the board and will continue as a consultant on international expansion for three years. The board of directors expects to complete a search for a new CEO in six to nine months.
SeaWorld announced a restructuring program that "will result in the loss of some positions." It did not say how many. Laid-off workers will receive severance packages.
Atchison's severance package will include a cash payment of $2.4 million. He will also receive an annual consulting fee of $440,000. And he will be eligible for continued vesting of stock options.
0
In the news release, D'Alessandro said Atchison had helped SeaWorld "realize its vision of becoming a leader in the theme park industry, one of the world's foremost zoological organizations and a global leader in animal care."
The company owns 11 parks, including Busch Gardens in Tampa, where Atchison got his start parking cars as a teenager. He held various positions throughout the company and has been president and chief operating officer since 2009.
Tilikum, a 6-ton orca, drowned and battered Brancheau in 2010. SeaWorld became the subject of a critical book, "Death at SeaWorld," and then the film "Blackfish."
The Occupational Safety and Health Administration cited SeaWorld and recommended no longer allowing trainers to perform in the water with the whales without a physical barrier. The company recently decided not to appeal that decision to the Supreme Court.
Attendance has declined at the company's flagship SeaWorld parks. This summer, on Aug. 13, the company acknowledged bad publicity had taken a toll. The stock dove 33 percent that day and has sunk lower since; on Thursday it closed at $16.09.
The company now faces a federal lawsuit accusing it of misleading investors about the impact of "Blackfish."
SeaWorld has also had a difficult time competing with blockbuster attractions such as the new Harry Potter land at Universal Studios Florida. And it has had other problems too: The Falcon's Fury ride at Busch Gardens was several months late in opening, putting a dent in attendance. This week, a customer filed a federal lawsuit over SeaWorld's automatic renewal of its theme-park passes.
But many think controversy over the killer whales is SeaWorld's biggest problem.
Earlier this year, SeaWorld announced a project to nearly double the size of its orca tanks. That did not pacify animal-rights activists, who have pushed for the company to end its breeding program, release its whales into sea pens and focus on exhibits that don't involve captive animals.
People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals cheered Thursday's announcement.
"Jim Atchison's watch has meant lawsuits, tanking stock, canceled performances by musical acts, falling ticket sales, and continued deprivation and isolation for orcas at SeaWorld," the group said in a prepared statement.
But Atchison's departure doesn't mean the company will necessarily make any changes to its overall philosophy. In fact, D'Alessandro said in a statement the board wanted to "express our ongoing support for our long-term strategy."
Naomi Rose, a marine-mammal scientist with the Animal Welfare Institute, said "changing the leadership means maybe the management of the animals changes for the better. It also carries the risk it could change for the worse."

Watch these Good Samaritans pull a 92-year-old from a sinking car in FloridaBy Sarah Larimer December 11, 2014 Follow @slarimer
Three bystanders were able to smash open the window of a car submerged in a Florida lake to rescue the 92-year-old man trapped inside. (AP)
Alton Brieske was just grabbing lunch.
The 21-year-old student was in a South Florida restaurant Wednesday afternoon when Salvatore Mancuso drove a silver Lincoln into a nearby lake, the Associated Press reported . Brieske heard the crash, and he followed after the car.
“I ran over here immediately, took my shirt off and threw everything right here, and just dove in the water,” Brieske told WPBF, a local ABC affiliate .
It’s unclear why the 92-year-old Mancuso lost control of his car; WPBF reported that he was unconscious as the vehicle began to sink.
“I was walking, and the next thing I know, there is a car going over the median, in the curb and straight into the lake,” 21-year-old Nikolas Guevara said, according to the AP .
Guevara, Brieske and a third man — identified as Mike Markisello, another restaurant customer — dove in the water to pluck Mancuso from the vehicle, AP reported. The group used a hammer to shatter a car window, and Brieske pulled Mancuso to safety. He then performed CPR until medical help arrived.
“People are saying, ‘You’re a hero.’ I’m not a hero,” Brieske told WPBF . “It’s a heroic act, I guess you could say, but I was just in the right place at the right time. That was my calling for today was save this guy.”
Sarah Larimer is a general assignment reporter for the Washington Post.

Study: Men are just more likely to be idiotsBy Rachel Feltman December 11, 2014 Follow @rachelfeltman
Jim Carrey and Jeff Daniels in "Dumb and Dumber To." (Photo by Hopper Stone - © 2014 - Universal Pictures)
Here it is, scientific proof that a Y chromosome makes you dumb . (No, not really).
Every year, the British Medical Journal puts out an especially, shall we say, whimsical edition in honor of the holiday season. All of the studies therein are subject to the same standards as usual, but they tend to be a bit goofier than the prestigious journal's usual fare. Previous BMJ holiday papers  have included an investigation of how much James Bond actually drank (the conclusion: too much to be the sharp-shooting Don Juan we know him to be), a look at the genetic characteristics of magic in the "Harry Potter" series, and a study recording different responses to the sight of a man on a unicycle.
This year does not disappoint: On Thursday, BMJ published "The Darwin Awards: sex differences in idiotic behaviour," a systematic (but tongue-in-cheek) evaluation of the balance in male and female recipients of the "Darwin Award." For the uninitiated, this misanthropic award is given posthumously to those who have supposedly improved the gene pool by removing themselves from it.  From the study:
For instance, Darwin Awards are unlikely to be awarded to individuals who shoot themselves in the head while demonstrating that a gun is unloaded. This occurs too often and is classed as an accident. In contrast, candidates shooting themselves in the head to demonstrate that a gun is loaded may be eligible for a Darwin Award—such as the man who shot himself in the head with a “spy pen” weapon to show his friend that it was real.
A bit tasteless, but certainly an indicator of idiocy at its very worst.
Led by a group of (male) researchers, the study investigated "male idiot theory" (MIT) using the Darwin Awards as a subject pool. Sure enough, there were more male winners -- significantly more.
Of 318 confirmed Darwin Awards, 282 were awarded to males. That's 88.7 percent of the award populations. What a bias!
Of course, as the authors readily admit, it's quite possible (and even likely) that men are just more likely to be nominated for the award. But they point out that risk taking behavior is seen to be more common in men, as is excessive alcohol consumption.
"We believe MIT deserves further investigation," the authors wrote in the paper's conclusion, "and, with the festive season upon us, we intend to follow up with observational field studies and an experimental study -- males and females, with and without alcohol -- in a semi-naturalistic Christmas party setting."
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

IT stocks gain after rupee falls to over 9-mth lowIT stocks gain after rupee falls to over 9-mth low
Abhishek Vishnoi        Last Updated: December 12, 2014  | 17:50 IST
The IT industry stocks rose in early trade on Friday after the rupee fell to over nine-month low on Thursday. Infosys rose 1.6 per cent and Tata Consultancy Services Ltd is up 0.8 per cent.
Wipro Ltd and HCL Technologies Ltd gained 0.4 per cent each. Traders hope weak rupee would aid IT firms margins. The currency fell to over 9-month low on Thursday.
Likely that 62/$1 becomes fresh support level, say traders.
Dollar firmer against most of its major peers after upbeat US retail sales data.
Later, the Infosys stock closed  0.96 per cent higher.  TCS stock closed 1.48 per cent lower. 
Wipro closed 0.52 per cent lower while HCL Technologies fell 2.66 per cent.
(Reuters)

Falling inflation seen improving chances of RBI rate cutIndia’s retail inflation probably hit a record low in November thanks to falling prices for oil and food items, building the case for the central bank to lower interest rates early next year.
The government will release the latest consumer price index data later on Friday.
According to forecasts from a Reuters poll of analysts the data is likely to show annual retail inflation eased to 4.5 percent in November, the slowest rate recorded since the data series was first published in 2012.
Industrial output data, also due out on Friday, was forecast to show a 2.8 percent rise year-on-year in October, up from 2.5 percent in the same month last year.
Despite the improvement, it still suggests a lack of momentum in India’s recovery from its weakest phase of economic growth since the 1980s.
With growth struggling at 5.3 percent in the July-September quarter, it is likely to be some time before the country  recaptures the 8 percent growth levels needed to create enough jobs for a rapidly expanding workforce.
While not as low as China’s, India’s inflation has come down steeply from over 11 percent in November last year, and it is now lower than other BRIC economies – Brazil, Russia and South Africa.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi swept to power six months ago promising to oversee a revival in an economy suffering a dearth of investment.
He has been helped by a 40 percent fall in global crude prices since July which has brought inflation down, lowered the import bill and reduced government spending on fuel subsidies.
Encouragingly, Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan held out prospects for a cut in the policy interest rate -currently set at 8.0 percent – early next year if inflation trends are favourable and the government controls its fiscal deficit.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, who will present the annual budget in February, told parliament on Wednesday that a rate cut would help the economy, singling out prospects of increased mortgage lending.
“The central bank’s focus on the quality of government’s fiscal consolidation suggests that a rate cut is unlikely prior to the presentation of the Budget,” said Aditi Nayar, an economist at ICRA, the Indian arm of rating agency Moody’s.
Inflation will easily undershoot an RBI target of 8 percent by January next year.
While the rate will rise as a favourable base effect unwinds, the RBI still expects inflation in 2015 to hover around 6 percent- its target for January 2016.
The bank says risks to target are evenly balanced.
Post Comments
More from economy

Govt to start wider consultations on Uniform Civil CodeBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 12, 2014 3:31 pm
Government on Friday said it will move on implementation of the controversial Uniform Civil Code as per the spirit of the Constitution and will start at the earliest the process wider consultations for a consensus.
“I assure the House to move forward on the Uniform Civil Code and it is our duty to implement it…we will move forward as mandated by the Constitution,” Law Minister D V Sadananda Gowda said in the Rajya Sabha.
Replying to a question by Rajeev Shukla (Cong) on whether the country is prepared to have such a code, he said the Government will initiate wider consultation at the “earliest” to evolve a consensus as it will strengthen the status of women.
The Uniform Civil Code covers marriage, divorce, inheritance, adoption and maintenance.
“The code is based on the assumption that the personal laws based on scriptures and customs of each religious community in the country be replaced with a common set governing every citizen in a civilised society,” he said.
Referring to a form of uniform civil code in Goa, which is accepted by all in the state, Gowda said the aim is having a code for the country which is agreed by all.
He, however, made it clear that the code should not be in conflict with Article 25 of the Constitution, which relates to
freedom of conscience and free profession, practice and propagation of religion.
Invoking the Article, K Rehman Khan (Cong) raised the issue of scriptures in Quran followed religiously by Muslims and sought to know whether the Code was not in conflict with religious beliefs.
“For this only, I said this is a sensitive issue and we should work out the modalities so as the Code is not in conflict with Article 25,” the Minister added.

Sensex falls 251 points  RIL ends in redMarket update: Sensex tanks 251 points to close at 6-week low, Nifty falls 68 points
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 12, 2014  | 20:32 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) index Sensex on Friday, weighed down by a sluggish European opening amid release of macro-economic data later in the day, stumbled further by over 251 points to end at a fresh over 6-week low of 27,350.68.
Sustained selling by foreign funds ahead of Christmas holidays also aided the down trend, while foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) sold shares worth Rs 808.27 crore on Thursday, as per provisional data provided by the bourses.
The 30-issue BSE barometer resumed stable and improved to a high of 27,692.32 on firm Asian cues on the back of rally on Wall Street on Thursday.
Later, however, it met with strong resistance and fell back to settle at 27,350.68 on bearish European opening, showing a fall of 251.33 points (or 0.91 per cent).
On Thursday, the gauge had tanked by 229.09 points (or 0.82 per cent). On a weekly basis , the Sensex had tumbled 1,107.42 points (or 3.89 per cent).
Refinery stocks continued to suffer the most as RIL, ONGC, Gail India and Cairn India dropped further on sustained worries over the sustained fall in global crude oil prices.
Sensex-based RIL ONGC and Gail India contributed over 85 points to the sensex fall.
Brent crude oil prices fell to an over 5-year low of near US $63 a barrel.
Besides refinery, realty, consumer durable, capital goods, metal and power shares too were at the receiving end and put pressure on the BSE index.
Selling was mainly seen across-the-board as 11 of 12 sectoral indices finished in the red while only the Healthcare index ended in the green on defensive buying.
On similar lines, the broader 50-share National Stock Exchange (NSE) index Nifty also plummeted by 68.80 points (or 0.83 per cent) to 8,224.10.

Uber may be banned in India  but bags lucrative funds deal from China s BaiduRoche loses patent for osteoporosis drug in India
Search engine Baidu Inc will invest in taxi-hailing app maker Uber Technologies Inc, a person familiar with the matter said on Friday, becoming the latest Chinese Internet firm to take an interest in the flourishing market for transportation apps.
Uber was banned in India after one of its cab driver allegedly raped a women in New Delhi.
The size of Baidu’s investment – and its valuation of Uber – are unknown, but the Chinese firm has scheduled a press conference to announce an investment into an unnamed U.S.-based startup on Dec. 17 in Beijing.
State media outlet China National Radio reported the deal earlier this week.
Uber’s alliance with Baidu mirrors partnerships between dominant Chinese taxi-hailing apps Kuaidi Dache and Didi Dache, which have been backed by Baidu rivals Alibaba Group Holding Ltd  and Tencent Holdings Ltd respectively.
Uber said earlier this month it raised funding valuing the company at $40 billion, propelling it into the ranks of the world’s most richly valued private companies.
The U.S. startup has suffered a number of setbacks this week. Thailand and Spain are among countries to have halted its services for regulatory reasons, while in India, the arrest of an Uber driver accused of rape has led to a ban and a review of safety.
An Uber spokeswoman in Singapore did not respond to a request for comment.
Post Comments
More from companies

Maharashtra irrigation scam: Fadnavis gives nod for probe against Ajit Pawar  other NCP leadersinquiry
“The Hindu” was the first to report about the State Home Department giving its nod to the probe in September and the file was pending with then Chief Minister Prithiviraj Chavan.
In a major blow to the Nationalist Congress Party in particular and its erstwhile alliance partner the Congress in general, Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis is believed to have given a green signal to the State Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) to probe the role of former Deputy Chief Minister Ajit Pawar and senior NCP leader Sunil Tatkare in the multi-crore irrigation scam.
The Congress-NCP together ruled the State for 10 years. The irrigation scam was a major sore point for the alliance as the BJP made it a huge election issue. In the run up to the polls, then Chief Minister Prithiviraj Chavan surprised political observers by lamenting in an interview to The Telegraph that he could not act against some of his colleagues facing allegations of misdeeds due to political compulsions.
Weeks ahead of the October polls to the State Assembly, the ACB had written to the former Congress-NCP government seeking sanction to conduct an open inquiry into the alleged irregularities in the irrigation department in the scam pegged to over Rs. 70,000 crore. The Hindu was the first to report about the State Home Department giving its nod to the probe in September and the file was pending with Mr. Chavan.
Within hours after the BJP emerged as the single largest party in the polls, the NCP offered an unconditional and unilateral support to the BJP which led to criticism that it was meant to shield party bigwigs from possible corruption cases.
Reacting to the permission given by the BJP government, Mr. Pawar said that the matter is in the courts and let they decide its fate. “It’s their government. They can take decisions as they please. The matter is in the courts and let them decided on it,” he told the media who sought his reaction to the news.
The ACB officials told The Hindu while the formal order has not been received yet though they have learnt that the permission has come through.
Granting of permission to conduct an open inquiry mean that the agency can summon and question the accused on the alleged irregularities and prepare a report which will be sent to the State Home Department for further action.
“If we come to a conclusion that the politicians are bureaucrats were involved then a report stating the same would be sent to the state home department and we would seek further sanction to prosecute them,” said a senior ACB officer.
The scam came to light after activist Pravin Wategaonkar wrote to the department alleging that the tenders in the irrigation projects were awarded arbitrarily.
In his complaint, Mr. Wategaonkar named several people including the two NCP leaders who were in charge of the Water Resources Department when the contracts were allegedly awarded to a select group, in alleged violation of norms. He also named some of officials from the Konkan Irrigation Development Corporation (KIDC).
The complainant had incorporated the findings of the Madhav Chitale committee and the report prepared by the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG).
In its 2011 report, the CAG had pointed out several irregularities in the irrigation projects undertaken by the State government in the last decade. The auditor had based his observations on the information given by KIDC and the Water Resources Department
The scam was unearthed after the Economic Survey’s observation that the irrigation potential of the State had increased by only 0.1 per cent even though Rs. 70,000 crore had been spent on various projects in the last decade.
The allegation forced Mr. Pawar, who also held the water resources portfolio, to step down briefly in September 2012. Subsequently the government constituted a Special Investigation Team headed by Mr. Chitale, a water expert, to probe the alleged irregularities. In March 2014, the committee submitted its 13,000-page report to the government.
The committee however refrained from naming any politician, but stated that the members and the chairman of the governing council of the Irrigation Development Corporation should be held responsible for violation of norms and financial irregularities while granting sanctions to irrigation projects. Mr. Pawar was the chairman of the IDC’s governing council during the relevant period and also Water Resources Minister between 1999 and 2009. Mr. Tatkare succeeded Mr. Pawar as Water Resources Minister.
The state government however gave a clean chit to Mr. Pawar, when it tabled the report of the Madhav Chitale committee in the state Assembly. It however, promised action against the officials and engineers found responsible for the financial and administrative lapses in irrigation projects across Maharashtra

Jolt for Mamata TMC Minister Madan Mitra arrested in Saradha ponzi scamYou are here: Home > Collections > Cbi
Jolt for Mamata Banerjee? Madan Mitra arrested in Saradha ponzi scam
PTI Dec 12, 2014, 04.43PM IST
Tags:
CBI
(The special crime branch…)
KOLKATA: In an embarrassment to the ruling Trinamool Congress, West Bengal transport minister Madan Mitra was today arrested by CBI in connection with the multi-crore Saradha chit fund scam.
Mitra was arrested in a case relating to Saradha Realty on charges of criminal conspiracy, cheating, misappropriation of funds as well as deriving undue financial benefits from the Saradha Group, a CBI spokesman here said.
He was taken into custody after five hours of intense questioning at the Salt Lake CGO complex housing the CBI office.
The CBI also arrested Naresh Balodia, legal advisor to Sudipto Sen and Saradha Group on charges of criminal conspiracy, cheating and diversion of funds in the same case, he said.
Balodia had drafted the letter which Sudipto Sen had sent to the CBI, he said.
The CBI had earlier arrested two TMC MPs Kunal Ghosh and Srinjay Bose in connection with the Saradha scam .
FEATURED ARTICLES

Indias forex reserves down $1.65 bnIndia’s forex reserves down $1.65 bn
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 12:  
India’s foreign exchange (forex) reserves fell $1.65 billion in the week ended December 5 to $314.66 billion.
Foreign currency assets, which form a bulk of the total reserves, fell $867.4 million during the same period.
Gold reserves fell $753.2 million to $18.98 billion.
Special Drawing Rights (SDRs) and the country’s reserve position in the International Monetary Fund fell by $21.6 million and $7.7 million, respectively.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

Barbeque Nation opens third outlet inHyderabadBarbeque Nation opens third outlet in Hyderabad
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, December 12:  
Casual dining restaurant chain Barbeque Nation has inaugurated its newest outlet in the IT hub of Gachibowli in Hyderabad, its 40{+t}{+h} in the country and plans to expand the network opening 24 more outlets within a year.
Uday Menon, Chief Business Officer, Barbeque Nation, in a statement said, “This is the 40th outlet of Barbeque Nation in the country since its inception in the year 2006 and the third in the city. We are present in sixteen cities and will be rapidly expanding our network by adding 24 outlets in the next year at the rate of two outlets a month.”
“Our expansion will be mainly in the tier 2 & 3 cities. We also have plans for setting up outlets abroad, with huge demand and requests from expats for Barbeque Nations in those countries. We will be setting up an outlet in Dubai next year and are looking at other destinations abroad like UK, USA Sri Lanka etc,” he said.
Barbeque Nation offers ‘DIY’ (do-it-yourself) cuisine with a concept of live on-the-table grill in India. The restaurant offers a pre-fixed menu with a fixed price. The menu is drawn from Mediterranean, American, Oriental, Asian and the Indian subcontinent.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

October industrial output contracts to 4.2% y-o-yUpdate: October IIP contracts to 4.2% y-o-y on poor manufacturing output
Manoj Kumar     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 12, 2014  | 19:14 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
October industrial production contracted by 4.2 per cent to log the sharpest decline in at least two years, dashing hopes of recovery, on poor performance by the manufacturing sector and dip in the output of capital as well as consumer goods.
The factory output, as measured by the Index of Industrial Production (IIP), had declined by 1.2 per cent in the corresponding month in the 2013-14 financial year.
For September, IIP data was revised to 2.8 per cent from the provisional estimates of 2.5 per cent released in November, according to the data released by the Central Statistics Office (CSO) on Friday.
During the April-October period, IIP rose 1.9 per cent, as against 0.2 per cent in same period of FY14.
Manufacturing output, which constitutes over 75 per cent of the index, contracted by 7.6 per cent in October, compared to a dip of 1.3 per cent in the year-ago month.
For April-October, the sector saw an output growth of 0.7 per cent, compared to a contraction 0.1 per cent in the corresponding period of the 2013-14 financial year.
The production of capital goods, a barometer of demand, declined by 2.3 per cent in October, as against a growth of 2.5 per cent in corresponding reporting month.
During April-October period, the output of capital goods grew by 4.8 per cent as against a dip in production by 0.2 per cent.
The consumer goods output too contracted by 18.6 per cent in October as against a decline in output at 5 per cent logged in October of FY14.
For April-October FY15, the segment showed a contraction of 6.3 per cent, compared to a decline of 1.7 per cent in the same period of 2013-14.
Overall, 16 of the 22 industry groups in manufacturing showed negative growth in October.

Retail inflation slips to low of 4.38%;  base effect  invokedIndia manufacturing activity expands to 2-year high as orders surge; PMI at 54.5 in Dec
Cheaper food items helped retail inflation drop to a fresh low of 4.38 per cent in November — the fifth consecutive month of decline — a development that can strengthen the case for interest rate cut by the RBI.
This is the lowest level of Consumer Price Index (CPI) based inflation since the government started computing the new series of data in January 2012. It stood at 5.52 per cent in October 2014, while same was over double the current level at 11.16 per cent in November 2013.
The food inflation also came down to 3.14 per cent in November as against 5.59 per cent in the previous month.
Retail prices of vegetables declined by 10.9 per cent as against a decline of 1.45 per cent in October, according to the data released by the Ministry of Statistics and Programme Implementation today.
Price rise in fruits slowed to 13.74 per cent from 17.49 per cent in October.
However, the rate of inflation in protein-rich items like eggs, fish and meat was at 6.48 per cent in November, slightly higher from 6.34 per cent in the previous month.
The Reserve Bank in the recent past has focussed on retail inflation while deciding its monetary policy, but there have been no rate cut for many months.
RBI has been targeting a retail inflation of 8 per cent by March 2015 and 6 per cent by January 2016.
In its monetary policy review earlier this month, the Reserve Bank kept its key repo rate unchanged at 8 per cent and cash reserve ratio (CRR) at 4 per cent.
“…if the current inflation momentum and changes in inflationary expectations continue, and fiscal developments are encouraging, a change in the monetary policy stance is likely early next year, including outside the policy review cycle,” RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan had said.
COMMENTARY
R. SIVAKUMAR, HEAD OF FIXED INCOME, AXIS ASSET MANAGEMENT, MUMBAI
“A significant part of this (easing inflation) is on account of the base effect, and we should see that reverse and expect inflation within the next three months to go back to about the 5.5 percent range.
“We don’t see any immediate change in the RBI’s stance based on what I see today.”
BILL ADAMS, SENIOR INTERNATIONAL ECONOMIST, PNC FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP
“Paralleling global developments, a decline in oil prices and downward pressure on commodity prices generally is cooling Indian inflation, as are the more favourable base comparisons between late 2014 and the highly inflationary period of late 2013.
“Although Indian industrial production weakened in October, the trend for the economy continues to be stronger; 2014 is on track to be the best year for Indian electricity output growth since 1989.
“Looking to 2015, India should be a big winner from the global decline in energy prices, which will support consumer spending power, dampen inflation, and provide the Reserve Bank of India with room to loosen monetary policy.
“Indian real GDP growth should accelerate above 6.0 percent in 2015.”
ANUBHUTI SAHAY, ECONOMIST, STANDARD CHARTERED BANK, MUMBAI
“The IIP (industrial output) print was much worse than expected, and we last saw such bad prints back in October 2011.
“Some of the negative impact is likely to fade from next month onwards. However muted activity in the industrial sector is unlikely to provide a big push. We expect a rate cut in February 2015.”
SHIVOM CHAKRABARTI, SENIOR ECONOMIST, HDFC BANK, NEW DELHI
“The IIP (industrial output) was shocking, I think there’s probably a one-off factor. Overall, it does highlight the fact that growth is still weak and inflation pressures are falling.
“It does put more pressure on the RBI to cut rates but I think given guidance RBI has provided, it would be prudent for it to wait at least until February and at least until the budget to take a decision.”
Post Comments
More from economy

Haldia Petrochem MD U K Basu resignsHaldia Petrochem MD U K Basu resigns
Arindam Majumder | Kolkata Dec 13, 2014 12:41 AM IST
Uttam Kumar Basu, managing director of the ailing Haldia Petrochemicals Ltd (HPL), has resigned with immediate effect. Basu, whose term was to end on December 31 this year, gave his resignation to the HPL board which accepted it in a meeting on Thursday. The board meeting was chaired by West Bengal commerce and industries minister Amit Mitra, who is also the chairman of HPL.
Confirming the news, Basu said: “The board has taken note of my resignation, which I had submitted on December 9.” He refused to comment on the reasons for his decision to quit. According to sources, the resignation is a result of the Purnendu Chatterjee-led The Chatterjee group wresting control of the management after the state government, represented by West Bengal Industrial Development Corporation, decided to offload its 41 per cent stake in HPL in September this year.
"He (Basu) will not be comfortable to work with Chatterjee, as they had differences earlier. Chatterjee will now want a person of his own choice," said a source.
Basu joined HPL as managing director in November 2013. Prior to joining HPL, Basu had served as the managing director of Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals.
The development comes at a time when the future of HPL looks bleak as Chatterjee hasn't paid the first instalment of the Rs 1,305 crore he has agreed to pay for 520 million shares of HPL, at Rs 25.10 apiece. According to the deal, the share-transfer agreement would become valid after Chatterjee pays half the amount in the first instalment.
The plant remains closed since July 7 this year due to failure of the naptha-cracker unit - the main unit of the plant. The condition worsened after the principal lenders refused to infuse fresh funds, citing difference between the two promoters - TCG and WBIDC - over the non-payment of the first instalment. The plant needs Rs 1,000 crore for buying naptha, the main feedstock of the plant.
When contacted, an official spokesperson of the company refused to comment on the resignation of Basu.

New norms for coal blocks not to raise power tariff: Piyush GoyalNew norms for coal blocks not to raise power tariff: Piyush Goyal
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 12, 2014 06:20 PM IST
The new legislation on coal block allocation will not lead to higher electricity tariff for consumers, instead the prices could come down, Power and Coal Minister Piyush Goyal informed Lok Sabha today.
"Power tariff will not go up. Power sector is a regulated sector. Reverse bidding auction will happen...Prices will fall," he said replying to a debate on the Coal Mines (Special Provisions) Bill, which replaces an Ordinance promulgated in October. The bill was later passed by the House.
Goyal said ever since NDA came to power, coal production rose to 7.5% and power generation from coal-based plants has shown 21% growth.
He said the new legislation would ensure opening of some coal mines under public sector Coal India and new mines to be auctioned would use better technology to extract coal in a scientific manner.
The Minister said these factors would pave the way for higher coal output and lower production cost and ultimately benefit the country's power sector.
The bill, which replaces an ordinance, was brought in the wake of the Supreme Court order cancelling the allocation of 204 coal blocks on September 24 and resetting the agenda for their allocation.
The ordinance was promulgated in October to facilitate auctioning of the cancelled coal blocks. In the first round, 74 blocks are to be auctioned by the government.

Creative launches Woof 2 BT portablespeakerBy: Tech Desk |
Posted: December 12, 2014 7:17 pm
Creative has launched its Woof 2 Bluetooth speaker at Rs 3,999. It is built with a larger bass radiator and features Bluetooth connectivity for streaming music wirelessly and control buttons for music playback. Its also comes with a built-in microphone.
Alternatively, users can also connect audio input using the included 3.5mm Aux-in1 stereo cable. The Creative Woof 2 also features an auto sleep mode that powers off the speaker to intelligently conserve battery life when there is no active Bluetooth or aux-in connection for more than 10 minutes. The devices claims 6 hours of battery life on a single charge. Encased in a metallic body, the Creative Woof 2 is available in Gun Metal colour.

Hyundai Eon face-lift spied  India launch in2015By: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 12, 2014 7:13 pm
 
The Hyundai Eon is the company’s most affordable offering in the country. Competing with the likes of the Tata Nano, Maruti Suzuki Alto 800, Maruti Suzuki Alto K10, Datsun Go and Chevrolet Spark, it has gained a good reputation for being a good quality, comfortable, feature-laden compact hatchback. The Eon 1.0 Kappa variant is also popular because of the performance it offers for the asking price.
The Eon was launched in India way back in 2011, while the variant with the larger 1.0-litre Kappa engine was launched in May 2014. Since then the competition has moved ahead, the Nano has received a power-steering, better interior trim and equipment, the Alto 800 was launched in 2012, the Datsun Go in 2014 and the Alto K10 was launched recently. The only car older than the Eon in the segment is the Spark and it may be replaced soon too. Hyundai wants to become a larger competitor in Indian market and take the fight to Maruti, and launching the new Eon in 2015 will be one way in which it hopes to achieve this.
A test unit of the car has been spied testing in South Korea. The camouflage suggest that the changes will not be revolutionary, most of the changes will be made at the front and rear of the car and also to the interiors. It is not expected that Hyundai will make any mechanical changes to the car, this means that the company will continue to sell the 0.8-litre 56PS/75Nm and 1.0-litre 69PS/91Nm engines. Hyundai may offer more variants of the Eon 1.0 Kappa to compete with the new Alto K10. We expect Hyundai to offer more equipment to make the Eon even more attractive.
Hyundai may launch the Eon face-lift sometime in 2015, expect the price of the car to be increased by a fair margin though. The Hyundai Eon is priced between Rs. 2.91 lakh – Rs. 4.03 lakh, ex-showroom Delhi.

Rs 4 479-cr in Indians HSBC-list accounts: SIT on blackmoneyBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 12, 2014 6:58 pm | Updated: December 12, 2014 6:59 pm
In first major disclosure about money held in Swiss banks, government on Friday said Rs 4,479 crore is held in the accounts owned by Indians, who figured on the HSBC List, and the Income Tax Department has initiated action against 79 of such account holders.
Besides, the tax department and other agencies including Enforcement Directorate are probing cases involving unaccounted wealth totalling Rs 14,957.95 crore within India.
In case of suspected black money abroad, the disclosure relates to a list of 628 Indians, who figured on a list of account holders in HSBC’s Geneva branch that India had got from the French government.
Out of these, no balance has been found in case of 289 accounts, according to a report of the Special Investigation
Team (SIT) on black money which was submitted to the Supreme Court.
“Out of the 628 persons, 201 are either non-residents or non-traceable, leaving 427 persons cases as actionable cases,”
an official statement said while releasing “relevant portion of the second report of SIT on black money”.
The amount involved in these cases is about Rs 4,479 crore. Of this, the Income Tax Department has finalised assessment for 79 entities involving more than 300 cases.
“An amount of Rs 2,926 crore has been brought to tax towards the undisclosed balances in the accounts relating to these persons,” the statement said, adding that taxes along with interest at applicable rates have been levied.
“Penalty proceedings under Income Tax Act, 1961 have been initiated in 46 cases. Such penalties have been levied in 3 cases so far. With regard to other assesses, proceedings are pending,” it said.
The statement, however, did not disclose the names of the account holders.
Prosecutions have been initiated in 6 cases for wilful attempts to evade taxes besides show cause notices have been issued in 10 others, it said.
“In other cases, necessary action is being expedited and substantial progress is expected in coming months,” it added.
Earlier in the day, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had said at a function here that proceedings in the cases related to the HSBC list will be completed by March 31, 2015.

Motoring to the moon land!Updated: December 12, 2014 19:23 IST
Motoring to the moon land!
A. SHRIKUMAR
CROSSING 15 STATES IN 16 DAYS: A view of the Himalayas at Ladakh. Photo: Special Arrangement
The Hindu
CROSSING 15 STATES IN 16 DAYS: A view of the Khardungla Pass. Photo: Special Arrangement
The Hindu
travel and commuting
Four friends share awe-inspiring experiences of their road trip from the plains of south India to the top of the world at Leh
“For about 500 kilometres up the mountain, we could see no humans. No electricity, no communication or network. The land was completely barren. They call it the ‘moon land’. It was breathtaking,” describes Seshakumar, an HR Consultant. Businessman Krishnakumar quips, “It was breathtaking on the Khardungla Pass.” Businessmen Chandrasekhar and Muthusamy echo the experiences. The four friends from Madurai and Coimbatore can’t stop raving about their road trip last month from Madurai to the World’s highest motor-able road in Leh-Ladakh. They are not hip collegians but simple sexagenarians nurturing an extraordinary love for adventurous tours. “There’s no age for experiences and achievements in life,” smiles Chandrasekhar.
“It was a long-time dream. Once we all retired, we started embarking on expeditions. The idea was to experience tough terrains and harsh weather conditions. It was highly daunting and was kind of a self-assessment test that we put ourselves through,” says Seshakumar, a travel enthusiast. “In 1978, when I was a student of The American College, I along with two of my friends cycled to Sri Lanka. Travel has been a passion since then.”
The men covered 15 states and 9,000 kilometres in 16 days. The highlight was they self-drove the Mahindra XUV-500 and also cooked their own food. “The stretch from Manali to Leh was the toughest. It was difficult to step out even for a second in the sub-zero temperature. We would take turns to click quick snaps,” says Muthusamy.
The points they visited at Ladakh and Siachen are among the world’s extreme destinations. “Visiting such places far from civilisation brings you closer to nature and humbles you. I went totally silent, feasting on the scenery around,” says Krishnakumar.
“Another gratifying part of the trip was seeing our Army braving extreme weather conditions and guarding the frontiers. We happened to see a convoy from Siachen and felt a sudden surge of patriotism and gratitude for the soldiers,” adds Seshakumar.
The friends also took part in the famous Raid De Himalaya rally and were thrilled to spot Sohail Khan, the brother of Bollywood actor Salman Khan, among other participants.
Chandrasekhar says now they have decided to undertake such tours regularly. “These are must-see places and young people must travel more. Each experience is priceless,” he says. Their next travel plan is to cover the entire South-East Asia by road, starting from Bhutan to Cambodia and Laos. A caravan ride from Paris to Germany is also in the pipeline, they say.

Tricks to avoid losing healthcare cashtricks to avoid losing healthcare cash
House sends huge USD 1.1T spending bill to SenateHouse sends huge USD 1.1T spending bill to Senate
India will be our biggest market in next few months: OnePlusScreenshot from Amazon.in website, which sells Oneplus One exclusively.
TOPICS
PDAs and smartphones
Chinese handset maker OnePlus has launched One smartphones in India through Amazon
Bullish on the multi-billion dollar opportunity in the Indian smartphone segment, Chinese handset maker OnePlus on Tuesday said it expects India to become its biggest market in the next few months.
At present, China is the biggest market for OnePlus, which announced its foray into India on Tuesday with the launch of its ‘One’ smartphone at Rs 21,999.
“In the next few months, we expect India to be our biggest market, it will overtake China,” OnePlus India General Manager Vikas Agarwal said.
In line with its global practice, users in India will receive India-specific invites through OnePlus and Amazon.in.
The two platforms have been integrated so that invites can be used to purchase the device exclusively on eCommerce major, Amazon.in.
“We will bring in as many devices as possible in sync with our production capacity. Cumulatively, till mid-October, we have already sold 500,000 devices (globally),” he added.
This is the first time that OnePlus has entered a new market with local presence and collaboration with a local partner.
It has set up a local team in India, led by Mr. Agarwal, for marketing and sales. The Chinese startup is also putting together an engineering team in Bangalore in the next few months.
OnePlus One sports a 2.5GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 801 processor, 5.5-inch display, 3GB RAM, 64GB memory, 13MP rear and 5MP front camera, 3,100 mAh battery, 4G support and NFC.
It runs CyanogenMod 11S, a custom aftermarket version of Android, developed by Cyanogen.
OnePlus is developing its own version of Android Lollipop-based OS (the latest version), which will be released for Indian users next month. A final build of the OS will be released in February next year.
The company has partnered with HCL Care to offer after sales service across 20 cities in India.
India, which is one of the fastest growing smartphone markets globally, is also one of the most lucrative opportunities that handset makers are vying for.
In the last few months, new players like Xiaomi, Oppo and Jolla have entered the Indian market to challenge established players such as Samsung, Micromax and Nokia (now Microsoft Devices).
According to IDC, about 44 million smartphones were sold last year. For 2014, it expects the number to cross 80.57 million units.

Akula  of SKS Microfinance fame  plans small bankforayStreet sees good show after stellar year
Vikram Akula, founder and former chairperson of SKS Microfinance, is set to acquire a 26% stake in financial inclusion start-up Vaya and, thereafter, apply for small bank licence, the company said in a statement on Wednesday.
Akula, whose three-year non-compete agreement with SKS ended in November 2014 said Vaya intends to apply for a bank licence. “We are working with our advisors on preparing a small bank licence application.” Vaya is a business correspondent (BC) service provider, which facilitates savings and loans for self-help groups of women on behalf of banks.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) had released final guidelines for small banks last month and microfinance institutions are likely to apply since they would be able to raise cheaper funds in the form of deposits.
“While Vaya has a robust plan to grow as a BC, a small bank licence will assist us in furthering financial inclusion by providing loans to small business units, small and marginal farmers, micro and small industries and other unorganised sector entities,” said Vikram Akula.
However, Akula, who was also appointed Vaya chairman, added that the firm also has an option to apply for a payment bank licence. When Akula left SKS Microfinance in November 2011, he had entered into a non-compete agreement, which prevented him from entering any sector where SKS operates. “Now that my three-year non-compete period is over, I was looking to get back to financial inclusion,” said Akula.
The company, founded by former SKS Microfinance executives, opened its first branch in July 2014 and has 23 branches with 183 employees across six districts of eastern Maharashtra and northern Karnataka.
Post Comments
More from indianmarkets

57% Indians can t live without their smart devices  says global surveyWritten by Nandagopal Rajan |
Posted: December 11, 2014 10:47 am | Updated: December 11, 2014 11:03 am
It seems we Indians are getting too addicted to our smartphones. As per a global survey by B2X Care Solutions, a provider of customer care for smartphones, 57% of Indians said they can’t live without their smartphones. As if this was not enough, it was discovered that 98% Indians sleep with their smartphones and 83% keep it on their body or within reach throughout the day.
The survey on mobile device usage, consumer behavior and service expectations polled more than 2,500 smartphone and tablet users from the United States, Germany, Brazil, India and China, the top five smartphone regions globally.
Incidentally, Americans, Chinese and Indians would be less likely than Germans to hand over their smartphone, even if they were given $100 a day or $500 a week to go without it; they’d be much more willing in the case of tablets. In all countries respondents said they would give up their TV before their phone. In the US they were willing to forgo a best best friend while Brazilians suggest they don’t mind saying bye to their spouse or partner to retain their phone. Thankfully, in India and China the tradeoff ended with the car.
A third of the Indians surveyed and more than half the Chinese had used a repair or exchange service for a device, more often than not covered under the manufacturer’s warranty. Repairs in India, China and the USA were covered by an extended warranty than it was the case for other countries.
The top 3 smartphone pain points were listed as software problems, damage to the display and faulty batteries, while for tablets this was battery, software and screen freezes. While new companies in India vouch by the existence of a hotline for customer support, it was identified as the least used channel as  most go to the store where they purchased the device.
While 15% of devices are not fixed correctly the first time, India has the least efficiency with this number dropping to 22%. China is most efficient with just 8% incorrect repairs.
While a high 24% Indian respondents said they need customer support at least once a month, 39% of them had no idea where to get help if they need support.
Brazilians are the global leaders when it comes to smartphone usage and 63% spend more than 3 hours per day on the phone. India is number two with 42%, well ahead of USA at 26%.

London should break free from EnglandLondon should break free from Little England
Philip Stephens
The M25 orbital motorway would be a ready-made border
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d2ce2e5a-7fb1-11e4-adff-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

How Tim Cook turned Apple round in 2014© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/4064a6fe-7fd7-11e4-adff-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Chivalry holds Japanese women backDecember 11, 2014 3:05 pm
Chivalry holds Japanese women back
Nobuko Kobayashi
The message to younger people is that working seriously does not pay off, says Nobuko Kobayashi
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a1f662b8-7fb9-11e4-adff-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Inside Media: The British are comingLast updated: December 11, 2014 5:16 pm
City that never sleeps wakes up to the power of British influence
Matthew Garrahan
US companies seeking digital growth are betting that UK-born journalists may have answers
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b01b9334-8137-11e4-b956-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US companies seeking digital growth are betting that UK-born journalists may have answersLast updated: December 11, 2014 5:16 pm
City that never sleeps wakes up to the power of British influence
Matthew Garrahan
US companies seeking digital growth are betting that UK-born journalists may have answers
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b01b9334-8137-11e4-b956-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Economy healthy  inflation weak  Fed stymiedEconomy healthy, inflation weak, Fed stymied
Gillian Tett
Officials tempted to ignore prices as there is a good chance unemployment will fall
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8466189a-807e-11e4-872b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

ADM chooses Kentucky for tech centerADM chooses Kentucky for tech center
ADM
Rahm Emanuel
ADM chooses Kentucky over Illinois for tech center.
A year after Archer Daniels Midland lost a bid to keep $30 million that its employees would pay in taxes to Illinois, the agricultural giant said Thursday it will locate its coveted technology and support center in Kentucky.
ADM said it chose Erlanger, about 10 miles south of Cincinnati, after Kentucky offered $5.2 million in tax incentives and benefits. In return, ADM pledged to recruit in Kentucky to fill about 200 jobs.
4
Unable to secure the tax breaks from Illinois, ADM moved its corporate headquarters to downtown Chicago anyway, but kept open its options for the tech center. Mayor Rahm Emanuel had expressed interest in landing the center because it would enhance his vision of Chicago becoming a top location for business technology.
Emanuel's office didn't have an immediate comment Thursday.
The center will be housed on the same campus as Wild Flavors, a Swiss-German natural ingredients supplier ADM acquired this year for $3 billion.
"We will also be able to recruit from a strong local talent pool in northern Kentucky, and we will have quick and easy access to a major airport," Marty Schoenthaler, ADM's chief information officer, said in a statement.
Dave Roeder, a spokesman with the Illinois Department of Commerce and Economic Opportunity, said the state also offered tax incentives to ADM for the center but declined to say how much they were worth. He said the package was part of private negotiations.
Kentucky officials said they were thrilled with the company's decision.
Erlanger Mayor Tom Rouse said in a statement: "200 new high-paying jobs will help our community continue to grow and thrive,"
ADM said the center will open in the second half of 2015 with a mix of about 100 contractors and ADM employees.
Ray Young, ADM's chief financial officer, testified last year that the $30 million in tax incentives it sought over 20 years didn't appear to be much for a $90 billion corporation. ADM, he said, has been successful because it has been "minding its pennies and nickels and dimes over the years in order to make sure that we remain competitive."

Rent the Runway to open Gold Coast storeRent the Runway to open Gold Coast store
Rent the Runway
By Alexia Elejalde-Ruiz Chicago Tribune contact the reporter
Rent the Runway to open Gold Coast store in spring 2015
Rent the Runway, an online service where women can rent designer dresses and accessories for special occasions, has signed a lease to open its first store in Chicago, the company said Thursday.
The 2,940-square-foot shop at 710 N. Wabash Ave., formerly the Sarca women's boutique and Odile children's boutique, will feature a rotating selection of 900 dresses and 500 accessories that can be rented the same day from the store, though if a size is unavailable the company will ship the item to a customer's house. Rentals can be returned to the store.
The shop also will staff stylists who work individually with customers for a $25 appointment fee.
The store is scheduled to open in the spring.
The Gold Coast storefront will be the third free-standing, street-level store for New York-based Rent the Runway. It opened its first in New York in September and the second in Washington, D.C., last month. It also has shops within its office in Soho and inside the Cosmopolitan Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas.
Rent the Runway joins a growing list of online retailers investing in physical locations, including eyewear shop Warby Parker and menswear shop Bonobos.
The company rents designer dresses for four days or eight days. Prices range from $30 to $450 for four-day rentals, depending on the dress. It also rents jewelry, handbags and outerwear.
Adam Secher, of Baum Realty, who represented the landlord in the deal, declined to comment.

Are perpetual trusts unconstitutional (in five states)By Eugene Volokh December 11, 2014 Follow @volokhc
CHAWTON, ENGLAND – Author Jane Austen’s house in the village of Chawton Hampshire. Image shot 2006.(Roger Bamber / Alamy)ONE TIME USE ONLY – NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION
An interesting new article, Steven J. Horowitz & Prof. Robert H. Sitkoff (Harvard), Unconstitutional Perpetual Trusts, 67 Vand. L. Rev. 1769 (2014) . “I never can be thankful, Mr. Bennet, for any thing about the entail” is the epigraph (from Pride & Prejudice, of course). The Second Amendment connection is that some of the relevant state constitutions say, building on an early North Carolina constitution, that
Perpetuities and monopolies are contrary to the genius of a free state and shall not be allowed.
“Free state,” as I’ve noted elsewhere , meant — here and in the Second Amendment — a country in which people had freedom (as opposed to a tyranny), and not a state of the Union free of oppression by the central government. And the theme of the article, which of course is otherwise far removed from the Second Amendment, is well captured in the Introduction:
The organizing principle of American succession law is freedom of disposition. American law embraces freedom of disposition, enabling dead hand control, to a degree that is unique among modern legal systems. But even within the permissive American tradition, freedom of disposition has never been absolute. American law protects a donor’s spouse and creditors, allows for the imposition of transfer taxes, and imposes a handful of anti-dead hand public policy constraints, the most venerable of which is the Rule Against Perpetuities (the “Rule”). By requiring that all interests vest or fail within lives in being at the creation of the interest plus twenty-one years, the Rule puts a limit on trust duration of roughly one hundred years.
In recent years, however, a movement arose to repeal the Rule. Spurred on by a change to the federal tax code in 1986 that gave salience to long-term trusts in estate planning, lawyers and bankers have lobbied successfully for legislation in a majority of states to authorize perpetual (or effectively perpetual) trusts. The effect on practice has been profound. An empirical study, coauthored by one of us, found that through 2003, states that had repealed the Rule collectively experienced $100 billion more growth in their trust businesses than states that had retained the Rule. Because this finding is based on data that is now ten years out of date, and because it reflects only trust funds held by trustees that are federally regulated banking institutions, it understates the effect of validating perpetual trusts in current practice. Perpetual trusts are today an established feature of the estate planning firmament.
Yet little-noticed provisions in the constitutions of nine states, including in five that purport to allow perpetual (or effectively perpetual) trusts, proscribe “perpetuities.” The North Carolina provision, which dates back to 1776, is illustrative: “Perpetuities and monopolies are contrary to the genius of a free state and shall not be allowed.” Is a statute that authorizes perpetual (or effectively perpetual) trusts constitutional in a state with such a provision? Should a court in a state with such a provision give effect to another state’s perpetual trust statute?
Answering these questions, which is the project of this Article, requires an understanding of the meaning of “perpetuity” as that term is used in the state constitutions. The North Carolina provision, which was the template for most of the others, predates John Chipman Gray’s canonical 1886 statement of the common law Rule by more than a century. It is not immediately obvious, therefore, how to translate the rhetoric of “perpetuity,” as used in founding-era state constitutions, into a doctrinal limit on government power to authorize perpetual trusts. The cases are scarce and contradictory.
Given the “real and intense” competition among the states for trust business, the potential for these constitutional provisions to disrupt perpetual trust practice is of significant import. Nevada, which has been aggressive in its pursuit of trust business, provides an interesting case study. In 2002, proponents of perpetual trusts in that state recognized that the state constitution was a roadblock. So they sponsored a referendum to repeal the state’s constitutional perpetuities provision. To their surprise, the referendum was rejected by a margin of sixty percent to forty percent. Nevertheless, in the teeth of this vote, the legislature passed a bill permitting trusts to endure for 365 years. Is this legislation consistent with the state’s constitutional commitment, reaffirmed in 2002, to prohibiting perpetuities?
The remainder of this Article is organized as follows. Part II provides context by reviewing the rise and fall of the Rule Against Perpetuities and the meaning of “perpetuity” as a legal term of art across history. Part III surveys the state constitutional provisions on perpetuities, tracing them back to the 1776 Constitution of North Carolina. Part IV considers the constitutional prohibitions of “perpetuities” in light of their historical context, including the contemporaneous policy rhetoric and common law. Part V considers whether recognition of perpetual trusts is prohibited in states with a constitutional prohibition of perpetuities. We conclude that legislation authorizing perpetual or long-enduring dynasty trusts is constitutionally suspect in a state with a constitutional prohibition, but more modest reforms that approximate the common law Rule are permissible. We also suggest that the constitutional prohibitions reflect the kind of strong public policy that would authorize a court in a state with such a provision to refuse to apply another state’s law authorizing perpetual trusts….
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

Qatar brought in from the coldRelief felt in western capitals as Qatar comes in from the cold
Roula Khalaf in London
High-level truce may fail to end ill will at community level
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bcd588fc-812b-11e4-896c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Things to say about Lending Club at partiesRemember me on this computer
Sign in
"Remember me" uses a cookie. View our Cookie Policy .
Search

Golden Nugget to Sue Over Casino Tax Aid PlanThe Ohio State Buckeyes' upset victory over the University of Alabama's Crimson Tide Thursday was among the surprising...
Brian Blanco/Getty Images

European stocks lower as oil slidesUS and Europe stocks lower as oil slides
Jamie Chisholm, Global Markets Commentator
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8b8b5166-81b0-11e4-b956-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

TCS shares fall ahead of business updateTata Consultancy Services (TCS) shares today fell nearly 2 per cent to trade at 2443.90. Traders speculated that the company may announce some restructuring, which may impact earnings outlook.
According to analysts, TCS will provide a business update later in the day.
TCS does a sell-side meeting before every quarter end. The management’s commentary on FY15 dollar revenue growth will be key, said analysts.
Stock has 34 ‘buy’ ratings, 16 ‘hold’ and 2 ‘sell’ ratings. The shares are at lower Bollinger band and 14-day RSI at 32.
Post Comments
More from indianmarkets

Erdogan pins hopes on religious educationErdogan looks to the classroom to create a religious generation
Daniel Dombey in Istanbul
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2c4c4d06-7fab-11e4-adff-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Danone to keep medical nutrition businessDanone to keep medical nutrition business
Scheherazade Daneshkhu in London and Adam Thomson in Paris
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/37f5b7aa-8154-11e4-b956-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Notices to Telecom cos for under-reporting of Rs 10k cr: GovtIndia manufacturing activity expands to 2-year high as orders surge; PMI at 54.5 in Dec
Government has served showcause notices to various telecom firms for alleged under-reporting of revenues of over Rs 10,800 crore till November 2012, Lok Sabha was informed today.
“We have served notices for claims of Rs 10,826.69 crore to different telecom companies for under-reporting of revenues till November 2012,” Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said during Question Hour.
He, however, said most of the companies have approached the Telecom Disputes Settlement Appellate Tribunal and various courts against the government notices for claims of under- reporting and the tribunal and courts gave stay orders.
The Finance Minister refuted the claims by AAP member Bhagwant Mann that no case of under-reporting of revenue was registered by the government saying it was the Department of Telecom which dealt with such cases and not the Securities Exchange Board of India.
Many cases of under-reporting of revenues were registered by the DoT, he said.
Post Comments
More from economy

United Flyers Stuck in Australian  No Man s Land  For Hoursunited flyers stuck in australian  no man s land  for hours
Oil Spill in Bangladesh Threatens Aquatic AnimalsThe Ohio State Buckeyes' upset victory over the University of Alabama's Crimson Tide Thursday was among the surprising...
Brian Blanco/Getty Images

Taliban slams Malala over Nobel prize  calls her  soldier against IslamTaliban slams Malala over Nobel prize, calls her 'soldier against Islam'
AFP
print
Nobel Peace Prize winners Kailash Satyarthi and Malala Yousafzai watch Malala´s blood stained school uniform at the opening of the Nobel Peace Prize exhibition at the Nobel Peace Center. (AFP Photo)
The Pakistani Taliban hit out at teenage education activist Malala Yousafzai over her Nobel peace prize on Friday, slamming her as a "soldier against Islamic society".
Malala became a global icon after she was shot and nearly killed by the Taliban in October 2012 for insisting that girls had a right to education.
The 17-year-old vowed to continue her struggle for every child's right to go to school when she collected her Nobel at a ceremony in Oslo on Wednesday.
She is the youngest ever Nobel peace laureate, and the first Pakistani to claim the prize, but some in her home country condemn her as a Western agent -- including the militants who shot her.
Muhammad Umar Khorasani, spokesperson for the main faction of the Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan (TTP) headed by Mullah Fazlullah, told AFP that Malala had won the Nobel prize for "promoting Western culture, not education".
Pakistan's patriarchal society often relegates women to subservient domestic roles, but Malala has praised her father Ziauddin, a schoolteacher, for encouraging her to pursue her dreams.
The militant spokesperson singled him out for criticism.
"Malala's father Ziauddin has made an agreement with the Western powers to destroy Pashtun culture and Pakistan," Khorasani said, referring to the dominate ethnic group in the country's northwest, where Malala is from.
"Her father is using Malala as a soldier against Islamic society and teachings of Islam."
After she was shot in the head at point blank range, Malala was taken to Britain for treatment. Her family moved to join her and she now goes to school there, unable to return to Pakistan because of Taliban death threats.
In her Nobel acceptance speech, peppered with self-deprecating humour, Malala called not just for education but also for fairness and peace.
"The so-called world of adults may understand it, but we children don't. Why is it that countries which we call 'strong' are so powerful in creating wars but so weak in bringing peace?" she said.
She also described herself as the "first recipient of the Nobel Peace Prize who still fights with her younger brothers".
Malala will split the eight million Swedish kronor ($1.1 million) prize with her fellow laureate Kailash Satyarthi, the Indian child slavery campaigner.
On Thursday she wept at the sight of the bloodied school uniform she wore on the day she was attacked, on display at an exhibition in the Norwegian capital.

Govt set to amend 7 key provisions of Companies ActDec 12, 2014, 04.27 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Govt set to amend 7 key provisions of Companies Act
The government is also looking to strengthen the National Companies Law tribunal to speed up winding up of companies
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Govt set to amend 7 key provisions of Companies Act
The government is also looking to strengthen the National Companies Law tribunal to speed up winding up of companies
Post your opinion here
Excerpts from After the Bell on CNBC-TV18 Watch the full show »
With time running out in the Winter Session, the Centre is moving faster with its legislative agenda. Sources say amendments to the Companies Act could be moved today. After an uproar from India Inc, the Centre is looking to change 7 key provisions of the Act.
First, the related party transactions are set to get simpler. Companies will only need an ordinary resolution and not a special resolution.
And auditors will have to report on fraud, which are only above a particular threshold to the government. Any fraud below the threshold can be reported only to the audit committee of the company. The threshold will depend on profit or turnover of the company.
To protect the confidentiality of board decision, the government will propose a ban of public inspections -- filing the decisions with the registry will be enough.
The government is also looking to strengthen the National Companies Law tribunal to speed up winding up of companies. Not just that--- only cases that are severe will go before a special judge, other cases will be tried before a magistrate.
Moreover, in a bid to rationalise punishment, the bail restriction on offences related to Companeis Act is set to be removed.
RELATED NEWS

Italy braced for general strikeItaly hit by general strike against labour reforms
By Rachel Sanderson in Milan
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/12482bb6-81d9-11e4-b9d0-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Investments in Ola & TaxiForSure uncertain ...Investments in Uber's Indian rivals Ola and TaxiForSure uncertain after taxi app ban
Reuters Dec 12, 2014, 04.47PM IST
Tags:
Accel Partners
(Those investments are at…)
MUMBAI: A ban on online taxi services in India, following the arrest in New Delhi of an Uber driver accused of rape, has brought uncertainty to the millions of dollars of international investment pumped into Uber's Indian rivals Ola and TaxiForSure.
Ola raised $210 million in October from a group led by Japan's SoftBank Corp. TaxiForSure attracted $30 million in August from backers including U.S. private equity firm Accel Partners, known for investing early in Facebook Inc .
But concern about passenger safety prompted the government to halt taxi services from companies not registered as taxi providers. It also ordered a review of safety measures which could lead to in-car cameras and GPS tracking being made compulsory.
Uber, Ola and TaxiForSure can continue offering services in the states where they are registered. But in other states where they operate, they will not be able to register until they meet as yet undetermined safety standards in a country notorious for slow governance.
"It's a real concern. I don't think banning is a great idea to resolve a law and order issue," said the managing director of a U.S. private equity fund that has invested in Ola. The person declined to be identified due to the sensitivity of the issue.
Unregistered taxi services have been banned in New Delhi and Hyderabad. Similar decisions are likely in Mumbai, Bengaluru - formerly called Bangalore - and other cities, local media reported.
Ola and TaxiForSure said they are working with states to address registration and safety. Ola has started installing GPS devices in cars on its platform, while TaxiForSure is working with taxi firms to follow processes suggested by authorities.
Uber said it will review its India operations and intensify driver screening.
E-COMMERCE
Ola and TaxiForSure, like Uber, charge a fee for connecting passengers with drivers contracted to local taxi firms. The services add to a burgeoning e-commerce market into which SoftBank plans to invest $10 billion.
"It's not so much that we were interested in the taxi business as that we're interested in Internet services. Their growth is remarkable," said an official at SoftBank, who declined to be identified because of sensitivity over the issue.
"Although there has been this incident, GrabTaxi is well-managed. So is Ola," said the official, referring to Ola's Southeast Asian peer in which SoftBank has also invested.
TaxiForSure's investors include U.S. private equity firm Bessemer Venture Partners and Indian peers Helion Venture Partners and Blume Ventures.
Accel, Bessemer and Helion did not respond to requests for comment.
  HIGH VALUATIONS
Investors built high expectations into the prospects of online taxi services in India, bankers said, on the view they would fill the gap left by a public transport system that has failed to cope with a surge in population.
But those investments are at risk if operators are unable to resolve concerns of authorities and customers after the rape accusation, they said.
"Investors will have to take a haircut. The valuations of these taxi companies will come down as they spend more to boost safety and meet the regulatory requirements," said Rishi Sahai, director at consultancy Cogence Advisors.
Some investors said they are working with taxi app operators to improve practices, hoping the ban is temporary.
"We do need a safety programme ... policy and regulation in place," said Sanjay Nath, managing director of TaxiForSure investor Blume. "If you take care of the most important safety issue, it (the service) will come back again."
In the meantime, online taxi booking companies in India are likely to struggle raising funds, said Cogence Advisors' Sahai.
"All the new investors, who were looking to get into these companies before valuations go through the roof, will probably wait on the sidelines for some time to come."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Fadnavis orders ACB probe against Ajit Pawar  top NCP leaders over graftCommuter rage, arson after suburban train services disrupted
Three top Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) leaders including former Maharashtra Chief Minister Ajit Pawar will face ‘open inquiries’ by the state’s Anti-Corruption Bureau(ACB) in connection with alleged corruption charges.
Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis gave the go-ahead to the ACB for the probe against Pawar and state NCP president Sunil Tatkare in connection with alleged corruption and irregularities in execution of various irrigation projects during their tenure as Water Resource Ministers.
The Chief Minister also gave his approval to ACB’s proposal to conduct an open inquiry into allegations of corruption and favouritism against former Public Works Department(PWD) Minister Chhagan Bhujbal in construction of Maharashtra Sadan in New Delhi and two other government buildings in Mumbai built under Private Public Partnership.
The government has also ordered probe against irrigation department officials and contractors responsible for alleged irregularities.
“I have been authorised by Chief Minister of Maharashtra to state that he has cleared open inquiries by ACB against Ajit Pawar, Sunil Tatkare and Chhagan Bhujbal,” Advocate General Sunil Manohar told the Nagpur bench of the Bombay High Court today.
Manohar said Fadnavis had asked the ACB to go ahead with the probe against the three top NCP leaders in the alleged scams in which several thousand crores of rupees were suspected to be siphoned off with the connivance of greedy contractors and pliant officials.
A division bench of the court comprising Justices Bhushan Gavai and V M Deshpande recorded his statement and disposed of PILs demanding investigation.
“When big-wigs are being probed along with officials and contractors, there is no point in keeping these petitions pending,” the court observed while making it clear that petitioners can always approach it again, if they are not satisfied with the inquiry.
The ACB had proposed open inquiries against Pawar and Tatkare in the irrigation scam, and Bhujbal in the Maharashtra Sadan scam.
Reacting to the government’s decision, Ajit Pawar said he had no issues over the probe and that “truth will come out”.
“It’s their (BJP’s) government. So they are free to do what they want. We do not have any problem with it. Truth will come out when the enquiry is done,” Pawar said.
Tatkare said NCP had been “clean” from day one and that they will extend “complete support” to the investigative agency.
The 43-day-old Fadnavis government no longer needs NCP’s outside support for survival after Shiv Sena joined the government, giving the new dispensation a complete majority in the Assembly.
However, Fadnavis said he had given the nod for probe almost a fortnight before Sena joined the government on December 5.
“The proposal(for probe) had come to us and we had sanctioned it earlier and the same thing we told the court as well,” he told reporters.
Post Comments
More from miscellaneous

Sakshi Maharaj regrets in LS over Godse remarksA united opposition today forced Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) member Sakshi Maharaj to express regret in Lok Sabha and withdraw his remarks terming Mahatma Gandhi’s assassin Nathuram Godse a patriot.
Congress President Sonia Gandhi joined opposition members in raising slogans against the government and the BJP member.
Soon after Speaker Sumitra Mahajan referred to the December 13, 2001 Parliament attack, members from Congress and RJD referred to the BJP MP’s controversial remarks.
When the Speaker informed that she has rejected notices on adjournment motion and suspension of Question Hour to take up the issue, opposition members from Congress, RJD, TMC and Left trooped into the Well raising slogans against the government and Sakshi Maharaj, who was present.
Amid slogans like ‘Hey Ram, hey Ram; Gandhi ke hatyare ko diya samman’ (eulogising Gandhi’s killer) and ‘doshi sarkar hai hai’ (down with the guilty government), the House took up Question Hour.
As the pandemonium continued, Mahajan adjourned the House for 10 minutes up to 11.25 AM.
As soon as the House reassembled, Parliamentary Affairs Minister M Venkaiah Naidu said nobody can accept eulogising the assassin of Mahatma Gandhi. He said the government and the BJP do not agree with the proposition of the MP.
When Congress members said they were not satisfied with the Minister’s reply, Naidu shot back saying there are people who are “killing” the ideology of the Mahatma every day.
He said the opposition has no issue to raise still it is not allowing the House to function.
Disapproving the disruption, Mahajan said from tomorrow she will set aside the first five minutes for apologies.
Sakshi Maharaj rose to make a statement and said he respects the Mahatma and the House. “I withdraw my remarks. But my friends have no issue…Godse killed Gandhi long back but you killed the Mahatma’s ideology in 1984 during anti-Sikh riots,” he said.
As Congress members opposed his remarks, the BJP member said he expresses “regret” and “withdraws” his remarks.
As Opposition members shouted slogans in the Well, Sonia Gandhi was seen directing her party’s MPs. From her seat in the front bench, she also joined them in raising slogans.
Leader of Congress party Mallikarjun Kharge said the opposition will not allow the government to have its way just because it has majority.
As the din continued, Naidu said the member has already withdrawn his remarks and the government and the party disassociate and condemn such statements.
He said Gandhi never threatened anyone and went by rules and the Opposition was going against his teachings.
At the prodding of the Speaker, Sakshi Maharaj rose again to withdraw his remarks and “express regret before the House and the country.”
The proceedings were observed by a Pakistani delegation of legislators, who were seated in the Speaker’s Gallery.
Post Comments
More from miscellaneous

Chaiwaala and Office 365Submit
I would like to receive communication from Microsoft
By downloading this white paper you understand that your name and contact information will be shared with Microsoft, and that Microsoft may contact you concerning products and solutions presented in the white paper. Microsoft respects your privacy. Please read the Microsoft online Privacy Statement
To know about moneycontrol.com privacy statement click here
Want to give your business a technological edge?
We will tell you how

BJP using undue advantage of power at Centre: TMC on Madan Mitra arrest9
0
Kolkata: The Trinmool Congress on Friday evening held a press conference after Central Bureau of Investigation arrested West Bengal Transport Minister and TMC leader Madan Mitra in connection to multi-crore Saradha scam.
Reacting sharply on the development, TMC accused Bhartiya Janata Party for taking undue advantage of power and termed the arrest a political vendetta.
In a huge embarrassment and setback for the Mamata Banerjee government, the CBI on Friday evening arrested Madan interrogating Mitra for nearly five hours over the post he was holding in Saradha Group of Companies.
#trinmool congress #madam mitra #saradha chit fund scam #kunal ghosh
The minister appeared before the CBI on Friday morning in connection with the case. He has been arrested on charges of criminal conspiracy, cheating, misappropriation and for deriving undue financial benefits from the Saradha Group.
Mitra is third TMC leader after Kunal Ghosh and Rajya Sabha MP Srinjoy Bose to be held in the multi-crore scam.
4

Policy governing representatives in arms sector soonPolicy governing representatives in arms sector soon
Rahul Singh , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 12, 2014
First Published: 18:16 IST(12/12/2014) | Last Updated: 18:45 IST(12/12/2014)
Comments
India will by January come out with a policy on employing representatives to facilitate arms trade and have guidelines in place for punishing military contractors who break the law, defence minister Manohar Parrikar said on Friday.
File photo: MoS defence Rao Inderjit Singh, defence minister Manohar Parrikar and Admiral RK Dhowan at a Navy function in Gurgaon. (Parveen Kumar/ HT Photo)
Agents are currently not allowed in the defence sector. However, Parrikar admitted that the sector was teeming with agents who had amassed vast wealth through defence business.
“Having legally-appointed representatives with a clear method of payment of fees is a better solution for the military,” Parrikar said at a function here. He clarified that the government had not taken any decision on the matter yet and he was merely “thinking out loud.”
He said weapon suppliers could be asked to disclose in advance the agreement they had with their representatives. “There cannot be any payment against success fee but expenses can be paid,” Parrikar said. The government could impose heavy penalties on firms if they broke rules.
He said weapon suppliers were forced to hire agents in the past to get files cleared.
Parrikar made it clear that blacklisting defence contractors for breaking the law was not a pragmatic solution. He illustrated, “Finmeccanica (parent firm of AgustaWestland which is embroiled in the VVIP chopper scam) has 39 subsidiaries. Should we stop dealing with all 39? I don’t agree…the military needs equipment.”
Parrikar said what action was to be taken against errant firms would depend on the severity of offence.
HT was the first to report on July 23 that the government was working on a plan to strike a balance between the need to punish defence contractors who may have violated the law and to keep the forces battle ready.
Taking a dig at the previous regime, Parrikar said the UPA’s two terms were lost decade for the military but “gained decade” for many others. He said purchases that should have taken off in 2007 were coming to him now. He said delay in taking decisions allowed agents to step in with the "jaa-kar-kissi-ko-khilao" (bribe someone) mentality. He said his predecessor AK Antony had a clean image but it did not reflect in arms purchases.
 
Hard line on Pak
Defence minister Manohar Parrikar said India would teach the rogue (Pakistan) “a proper lesson,” amid a surge in terror attacks in Jammu and Kashmir. He said the country had not ruled out the option of taking “hard measures” against Pakistan. “Hum eent ka jawab patthar se denge (we will give a tit-for-tat reply).”
 

October IIP tanks 4.2% while November CPI moderates to 4.38%Industrial output shrinks 4.2% in Oct
BS Reporter |  Dec 13, 2014 12:59 AM IST
Industrial output fell 4.2 per cent in October, the most in three years, against growth of 2.5 per cent in September. This was despite the festive season and a favourable base-effect — in October 2013, production had fallen 1.2 per cent.
The Index of Industrial Production (IIP) had previously declined more than 4.2 per cent in October 2011, when it had registered a five per cent fall.
The decline in October was primarily due to a sharp 7.6 per cent contraction in the manufacturing sector, against 2.5 per cent expansion in the previous month, official data showed on Friday. In October last year, output in the manufacturing sector had declined 1.3 per cent.
The fall in industrial production in October was the first this financial year. It is likely the decline will hit expectations economic growth in the second half of this financial year will be more than 5.5 per cent, the growth in the June quarter.
In October, the decline in manufacturing, which accounts for 75.52 per cent of the IIP, was the lowest in five years and seven months.
“This has happened due to the complete absence of consumption, both in rural and urban markets. As a result, production of consumer durables was severely low,” said Madan Sabnavis, chief economist, CARE Ratings.
Within the manufacturing sector, consumer durables production declined 35.2 per cent.
Sabnavis said there was no appetite for spending due to high inflation. “I do not see any scope of revival in the months to come. This is a demand-side problem, with supply issues as well,” he added.
Besides durables, production of fast-moving consumer goods fell 4.3 per cent in October. Among other segments, capital goods production fell 2.3 per cent, which doesn’t augur well for industrial production in the coming months, too.
Though the government was taking measures to ease business and remove red-tapism, the real issue was addressing fundamental problems, which would take a long time, Sabnavis said. He added the fall in industrial production in October, when demand was ideally high due to the festive season, could be linked to the 280 per cent rise in gold import during the month. He said this meant people had probably invested more in gold than consumer durables.
In October, as many as 16 of the 22 industrial groups saw a decline in production, including computing machinery, television sets, radio, gems and jewellery and furniture.
For the April-October period, cumulative rise in industrial production stood at 1.9 per cent, compared with 0.2 per cent in the corresponding period last year, according to data released by the Ministry of Statistics and Programme Implementation.
Production in the mining and electricity segments rose significantly in October. In October, output in the mining sector rose 5.2 per cent, compared with 0.7 per cent in the previous month. Production in the sector had fallen 2.9 per cent in October 2013.
Electricity generation rose 13.3 per cent in October, against 3.9 per cent in September. It had increased 1.3 per cent in October last year.
“The fall in manufacturing output wiped out gains from higher production in mining. Mining will gain further traction next year, when new (coal block) auctions start. And, some amount of activity is happening there. The electricity segment remains positive, though household consumption is not doing well,” said D K Joshi, chief economist, CRISIL.
Aditi Nayar, economist, Icra, said, “Some indicators suggest an uptick in manufacturing output in November. For instance, after contracting five per cent in October, automobile production expanded 12 per cent in November.” She added the average growth for October-November this year would provide a clearer picture of the evolving trends in factory output in the third quarter of FY15.
“Given the fewer number of working days on account of a shift in the festive calendar, the sharp contraction in manufacturing output in October should not be construed as a cause for alarm,” she said.
Industry, meanwhile, sought a cut in interest rates by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI). “Substantial efforts have been made by the government to ensure a recovery in the economy. Action is already visible and results are on the ground. Industry is also positive about additional investments. All this can now be complemented by a reduction in interest rate by RBI,” said Chandrajit Banerjee, director-general of the Confederation of Indian Industry.
In October, the eight core infrastructure sectors had expanded a healthy 6.3 per cent, raising hope of good industrial production. Data on the core sectors do not take into account production in the consumer durables segment.
An early indication of industrial production had been provided by merchandise exports, which fell five per cent in October on an annual basis, the first decline this financial year. At that time, experts had felt demand in India wasn’t as low as in foreign markets.

Myntra selects first batch of designers for its fashion incubator programmeMyntra selects first batch of designers for its fashion incubator programme
Anita Babu | Bengaluru Dec 12, 2014 06:44 PM IST
Online fashion retailer Myntra has selected the first batch of 11 start-ups to be part of its incubation programme which is known as at the Myntra Fashion Incubator (MFI).
The programme, said to be the first-of-its-kind, aims providing the budding entrepreneurs in areas of fashion and designing a platform to take them to the next level.
The selected start-ups will be inducted in Myntra's Designer-in-Residence programme as a part of which they will be given a studio at the company's campus from January 15, 2015.
They will also be able to work full-time on in promoting Myntra's brand.
MFI will also provide these candidates an opportunity to showcase their own brands in various platforms and sell those using Myntra's online platform. After completing one season, they can also pitch their fashion designs to MFI advisory board for investments to scale their business.
"...we aim to provide support to young talent and empower them to create sizeable indigenous fashion brands in the long-run," said Abhishek Verma, senior vice-president, Myntra Fashion Brands.
The programme, launched a few months ago, had around 700 applications coming in, from which 30 were selected. They were asked to present their creative and scalable business ideas through live demonstrations of sample designs.
Judges of the likes of Wendell Rodricks, Rina Dhaka, Rohit Gandhi & Rahul Khanna and Paras Bairoliya had evaluated these start-ups based on various parameters such as ready to wear, easy to sell and the areas where designer wants to focus on.
Entries saw participants experimenting in a number of niche areas like maternal wear, footwear, accessories, bags, etc.

52 more drugs to come under price ceiling  could impact pharma cos52 more drugs brought under price ceiling
BS Reporter | New Delhi Dec 13, 2014 12:49 AM IST
The National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (NPPA) has capped the prices of another 52 essential drugs, in a move that could impact drug manufacturers Lupin, Cadila Healthcare and Merck.
This is in addition to the 348 drugs already under a price ceiling. The majority of the 52 new drugs are antibiotics, painkillers and medicines used for treating cancer and skin disorders.
The government caps prices of regulated medicines based on a simple average of prices of all drugs in the segment with over one per cent market share.
Reacting to the latest order by NPPA on Friday, a spokesperson of Lupin said, “Though Lupin will not see any impact, we have always maintained that competition is a great leveler and the market finds its own level when it comes to matters such as pricing.”
ON A TIGHT LEASH
Used for cancer and skin disorders, the capped drugs are primarily painkillers and antibiotics
Lupin, Cadila Healthcare, Merck, could be affected following the order
NPPA had to withdraw a May order that gave the regulator capping prices of 108 non essential drugs
At present, NPPA regulates prices of 348 medicine formulations listed in the NLEM
Govt caps pricing of regulated medicines based on a simple average of prices of all drugs in the segment with over 1%
Following the NPPA order, shares of Cadila Healthcare settled more than two per cent lower on the BSE exchange at   Rs 1,582.35 on Friday. Shares of Lupin, however, ended one per cent higher at Rs 1,451.
The NPPA order asks manufacturers of these scheduled formulations to reduce the maximum retail price of the drugs wherever the existing rate exceeds the ceiling. For prices already below the ceiling, manufacturers can maintain the existing maximum retail price. The manufacturer may add local taxes only if these have been actually paid or are payable.
NPPA said where a manufacturer of these formulations with dosage or strength or both as specified launch a new drug, it shall apply for prior approval under the Drug Price Control Order, 2013.
The move comes after NPPA was forced to withdraw pricing powers of 108 non-essential medicines following a government directive. Drug companies operating in India had cheered the move then, but the latest order may set things one up with the regulator exercising its pricing power. In fact, companies had challenged in court the NPPA order bringing down prices of 108 non-essential drugs by invoking the public interest. Industry bodies such as the Indian Pharmaceutical Association and the Organisation of Pharmaceutical Producers of India went to court against the NPPA’s move in July.
In its notification, NPPA set prices of formulations based on bulk drugs for paracetamol, bleaching powder, ketamine hydrochloride, zinc sulfate, ascorbic acid, cloxacillin, gentamycin, glucose, glucose with normal saline, mannitol, amoxycilline with potassium clavulanate, metoprolol succinate with cilnidipine (cardiocil M), and a number of other combination drugs.

Brompton bicycle sales rise 40% in ChinaDecember 12, 2014 11:52 am
Brompton bike sales rise in Asia Pacific
John Murray Brown
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3f2c22ec-81f0-11e4-a9bb-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Saradha scam case: Mamata backs arrested minister Madan Mitra  calls BJP govt  cowardEmbarrassment mounted for West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee and her Trinamool Congress after the CBI arrested state transport and sports minister Madan Mitra in connection with the Saradha scam on Friday.    
 
He is the first minister of Bengal to be arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) in any case, and the fourth Trinamool leader to be held by the probe agency in the chit fund scam.
 
Accusing the Centre of adopting bullying tactics after Mitra’s arrest, Banerjee lashed out at Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) president Amit Shah and dared them to arrest her.
 
“CBI may take Madan to SSKM Hospital. I will go to meet him . Let me see whether Amit Shah’s goondas and Narendra Modi’s police can arrest me,” she said.
 
“It (the arrest) is unfortunate, shameful and deserves to be condemned. It’s sheer political vendetta. Can the CBI and the Centre go out of their jurisdiction and act like this?” she added.
 
The Saradha chit fund scam trail is hounding Banerjee’s government unlike any other challenge she has encountered during her stint in power so far and Mitra’s arrest triggered fresh calls from opposition leaders for her resignation.
 
Opposition parties have repeatedly accused the CM of trying to shield some of the beneficiaries of the company’s slush funds.
 
The Saradha scam was caused by the collapse of the investment operation of the Saradha Group, a consortium of over 200 private companies, which ran many unlicensed financial schemes in eastern India.
 
Under the scam hundreds of thousands of small investors lost Rs. 2,459 crore, according to an official estimate. There are unofficial estimates that peg the figure higher.
 
The CBI arrested Mitra around 4 pm after questioning him for about three hours during which he denied taking any money from Saradha, said an official privy to the development.
 
According to the official, who did not want to be named, Mitra stood his ground despite CBI officers confronting him with evidence.
 
“In the Saradha chit fund scam, RC 4 S/14, case relating to Saradha Realty, CBI has arrested Madan Mitra, a cabinet minister in the government of West Bengal on prima facie evidence of criminal conspiracy, cheating and misappropriation as well as deriving undue financial benefits from Saradha group,” said a CBI statement.
 
“CBI has also arrested Naresh Balodia, legal advisor to Sudipta Sen (Saradha Group chairperson) on charges of criminal conspiracy, cheating and diversion of funds in the same case,” the statement added.
 
Within an hour of the arrest, the Trinamool tore into Shah, who had launched a scathing attack on the Bengal CM last month, laying the foundation for the 2016 assembly elections in the state.
 
“The arrest of our cabinet colleague seems to be an act of vendetta. It appears CBI is controlled not only by BJP but also by Amit Shah. We strongly condemn this action. Neither the governor, nor the assembly speaker was informed before the arrest,” said Subrata Mukherjee, state panchayat minister.
 
The Supreme Court had in May ordered a CBI probe into the chit fund scams in West Bengal, Odisha and Assam under which various companies, including Saradha, allegedly duped investors of around Rs. 10,000 crore.
 
Two Rajya Sabha MPs (Kunal Ghosh, Srinjoy Bose) and a vice-president (Rajat Majumdar) of the Trinamool are already behind the bars in connection with the Saradha case.
 
The CM’s stated position is none from her party took any money from Saradha. She also points to the group’s operations having started during the Left rule, which she ended.
West Bengal Transport Minister Madan Mitra arrives at the CBI's office in Kolkata hours before his arrest. (Subhankar Chakraborty/HT photo)
Read: TMC is without political friends, fighting a lonely battle for staying in power
 
The group folded up in April last year, leaving its investors, largely from rural areas with little access to formal banking facilities, in the lurch.
 
The opposition mounted pressure on the CM after Mitra’s arrest.
 
“Madan Mitra’s arrest shows that Trinamool leaders are neck deep in Saradha scam, and the dots are leading to Mamata Banerjee’s doorstep. It’s time for her to resign taking moral responsibility,” said Sidharth Nath Singh, BJP national secretary.
 
State Congress president Adhir Chowdhury, too, demanded that the CM step down.
By any yardstick Mamata Banerjee is facing the worst point of her political life after coming in power in Bengal in May 2011. She is without friends at the centre. Worse, all the parties that she is approaching for alliances are declining.
Last month, both her former ally, Congress, and the the Left leaders rebuffed her when she said in the national capital that she is ready to tie up with any party (even with her bitter opponents like the Left) to fight communalism (read BJP).
"In 2011 when she tied up with Congress and swept into power in Bengal, she was at the zenith of her career. Within three years, she reached the lowest point. Her personal image, that of impeccable honesty, is gone. The popularity of the party is under a big question mark. And she now has the CBI on her trail, something that could be said about other regional party leaders, but not about Mamata earlier," said COngress leader Abdul Mannan.

Seasonal Trends to Impact Q3 Revenue: TCSYou are here: Home Corporates
TCS Says Seasonal Trends to Impact Q3 Revenue
Reuters | Updated On: December 12, 2014 19:05 (IST)
Ashiana Housing To Enter Chennai, Kolkata; Eyes Pune
Mumbai: Tata Consultancy Services (TCS), India's biggest software services exporter, on Friday said it expected third-quarter revenue to be "in line with seasonal trends" as holidays and furloughs impact some of its key businesses.
The company sees demand in North America to be in line with its expectations for the quarter ending December 31, adjusted for seasonal weakness, TCS said in a filing with the stock exchange after market hours.
The third quarter is seasonally weak for TCS due to holidays in the United States and Europe, key markets where it fights for contracts with competitors in the $100 billion-plus Indian outsourcing sector.
Shares in TCS, India's biggest company by market valuation, closed down 1.66 per cent in a market that fell 0.91 per cent. They had fallen 2 per cent earlier in the day on speculation the company would announce a restructuring that would impact earnings outlook.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Market corrects finally; Sensex  Nifty slip 4%Dec 12, 2014, 06.59 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Weekly wrap: Market corrects finally; Sensex, Nifty slip 4%
Weakness was ubiquitous this week, with broader markets at the center of profit-taking. BSE Small Cap and CNX Midcap indices were down 3.4-3.8 percent, performing slightly better than the benchmarks
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Weekly wrap: Market corrects finally; Sensex, Nifty slip 4%
Weakness was ubiquitous this week, with broader markets at the center of profit-taking. BSE Small Cap and CNX Midcap indices were down 3.4-3.8 percent, performing slightly better than the benchmarks
Post your opinion here
 
18:59
The Sensex and Nifty shed around 4 percent during the week, hit by the weakness in global markets. The downtrend could persist next week followed the disastrous October IIP figure of negative 4.2 percent announced post market Friday. While inflation continued to drift lower, weakness in industrial output during the festive season is clearly a cause for concern.
Tata Steel, Sesa Sterlite, GAIL, BHEL, JSPL, Reliance and ONGC, L&T, Cairn India and Infosys slid between 6-12.5 percent lower, faring among biggest Nifty losers this week.
Sun Pharma, Coal India, UltraTech Cement, ITC bucked the trend, gaining between 1-2.4 percent this week.
Weakness was ubiquitous this week, with broader markets at the center of profit-taking. BSE Small Cap and CNX Midcap indices were down 3.4-3.8 percent, performing slightly better than the benchmarks.
Diamond Power, Bombay Burmah, HCL Info, Havells, India Cements, HDIL, Rel Comm, HCC and Unitech lost between 10-43 percent on the bourses, on a weekly basis. 
Investors booked profits this week amid weak global cues and mixed signals domestically. The start of the week saw India's current account deficit widen to US$10.1bn in the second quarter of 2014-15 from US$7.8bn (1.7% of GDP) in the preceding quarter. A bump in imports and slowing of exports led to the widening of the gap. The Finance Minister however said there was no cause for concern since FII and FDI flows were adequate to finance the deficit.
Globally, Chinese benchmark Shanghai Composite fell almost 6 percent sending shockwaves in the region in particular and the rest of the world in general. The blame was put on new restrictions imposed by the government on corporate bond market and subdued growth outlook for the country.
Stocks of metal companies, which depend on exports to China took a beating owing to weakness in China.
The scenario wasn't all rosy back home either as some of the founders sold their stake in the blue-chip software behemoth -Infosys- which gently rattled investor sentiment and caused turmoil in benchmark indices on that day, somewhat setting a precedent for profit taking for the week ahead.
Government's reforms agenda has taken a blow on the chin, as latest reports from CNBC-TV18 suggest that the much awaited GST Bill might be tabled in the budget session of the parliament in 2015 and not in the ongoing winted session, owing to ongoing differences between centre and states on inclusion of petroleum in the bill's ambit among other issues.
This weakness hasn't deterred Raamdeo Agrawal, Joint MD, Motilal Oswal, who in an interview with CNBC-TV18 that market could see a correction near term, but it made sense only for traders to book profits now and get in at lower prices. For those looking to benefit from the secular bull market over the next few years, it would pay to sit tight and ignore market fluctuations.
Energy stocks slumped as oil prices hit five and half year lows even as IEA lowered it's demand outlook. Brent crude which was last seen trading at USD63-a-barrel, has dropped 40 percent since July. BSE oil & gas index lost 7.3 percent owing to a weak demand.
What's Next
Investors will keep a watch on FOMC meet and US employment data next week. Better than expected job figures might prompt Fed to hike interest rates earlier, which in turn is likely to rattle stock markets globally
17:03

Madan Mitra arrest: BJP demands Mamata Banerjee s resignation; Left  Congress welcome CBI move35
0
New Delhi: The BJP, Left and Congress have welcomed the arrest of West Bengal Transport Minister and TMC leader Madan Mitra in the multi-crore Saradha chit fund scam saying the arrest should have come earlier. Repying to TMC's charge that CBI was acting at the behest of the NDA-ruled Centre, the BJP has said the CBI is doing its work and law is taking its own course and have even demanded West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee's resignation from her post.
BJP president Amit Shah said CBI is doing its work while another party leader Siddharth Nath Singh said the federal investigative agency is acting independently. "All these arrests indicate that Mamata Banerjee is somewhere involved in the Saradha scam. It is an important arrest and Mamata Banerjee should resign on moral grounds," he said, adding that the links of scam are reaching towards the top leaders of TMC.
BJP MP from Dartjeeling SS Ahluwalia said it is just the starting. "More arrests will be made in the scam. It is a crystal clear case. It is not politically motivated."
#saradha scam #madan mitra #mamata banerjee #bjp
CPM Rajya Sabha member Ritabrata Banerjee said, "Madan Mitra should have been arrested earlier. TMC, from top to bottom , has been associated with this Saradha scam. Mamata Banerjee had given certificate for people including herself, three question marks have been erased with this arrest. In the court of people, TMC is a culprit, people will give a verdict against them."
Nilotpal Basu of the CPM said, "Let us see where the matter goes. There is nothing to be surprised about. Madan Mitra was going from one hospital to another to avoid arrest."
Rajya Sabha CPI MP D Raja said what has happened was very much expected. "We knew since morning this would happen.  TMC chief should explain what is happening in the party and the government. She cannot blame it on the Left. She should say why all names in the fraud are from the TMC. It is not a political vendetta like she claims. TMC must do some serious introspection."
Adhir Ranjan Chaudhary of the Congress also echoed the same sentiments expressed by the Left leaders. "At last he has arrested. It was well-anticipated. The arrest has dealt a severe blow to the image of the integrity created by the ruling TMC. More and more skeletons will start tumbling out from the TMC regime's cupboard. CBI has done the right job. The people of West Bengal have started tarnishing the TMC as a party of corruption," the former Union Minister said.
3

Strong response  needed to counter terror attacks: Manohar Parrikar40
0
New Delhi: A week after 11 security personnel were killed in terror attacks in Kashmir, Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar on Friday said the militants had come from Pakistan and India will have to give "strong response" to check such "blatant attempts".
The Defence Minister, who visited Kashmir on Thursday, said a change in situation will emerge after six months as government was planning a number of steps but refused to elaborate.
"I feel that there has to be some strong response which will once and for all or at least reduce this blatant attempts. It's an open secret that they (militants) came from Pakistan " he said, adding, "You will see the developments in the next six months."
Parrikar said his immediate priority is to ensure proper equipment and support to armed forces guarding the country in Jammu and Kashmir.
#manohar parrikar #defence minister #india #jammu and kashmir
The Defence Minister was replying to a question on whether India's responses to militant attacks in Kashmir Valley have been effective.
Parrikar said his immediate priority is to ensure proper equipment and support to armed forces guarding the country in Jammu and Kashmir.
When pointed out that Pakistan possesses nuclear power and how the government will respond effectively, the Defence Minister said "nuclear doctrine asks us to maintain restraint.
"I am not talking of a full scale war. Full scale war is totally different. But if there are places where you get the terrorists across, there are people who do it. I think those people will have to be brought under pressure," he said.
The Kashmir Valley was last week rocked by four terror attacks by militants who stormed an Army camp in Uri leaving 11 security personnel, including a Lt Colonel, dead and killed two civilians in Tral, ahead of the third phase of polling in Assembly elections in the state.
42

India to reap $12 billion-plus budget windfall from oil slide:SourcesCommodities see longest losing streak in 23 years
A plunge of nearly half in oil prices could help Indian Finance Minister Arun Jaitley reap a fiscal windfall of at least $12 billion when he presents his 2015/16 budget in February, two government sources said.
The savings would come in the form of reduced fuel subsidy costs and higher petrol and diesel levies, the sources said. In addition, finance ministry officials have proposed restoring a crude oil import duty that was scrapped in 2011.
As a result, the government would claw back most of the money that India saves on oil imports. That would help Jaitley hit borrowing targets but dilute any boost to consumption in Asia’s third-largest economy.
Energy-hungry India imports around 4 million barrels of oil per day and the net cost of the country’s oil imports is expected to total $88 billion in the fiscal year to next March, based on a budgeted oil price of $105 per barrel.
Officials drawing up Jaitley’s first full-year budget are pencilling in a view that oil prices will average $65-$70 in 2015/16. That would cut the national import bill by $18 billion – or 0.9 percent of GDP, they reckon.
“Benefits from the fall in oil prices would reflect in the budget through lower oil subsidies and higher tax projections next year,” one senior finance ministry official told Reuters.
The sources estimate that the overall fiscal boost can total 750 billion rupees ($12 billion). More than half, 400 billion rupees, would come from savings on oil subsidies.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, in power since May, has freed prices for diesel, which account for 40 percent of consumption of refined fuels.
Taking advantage of the resulting fall in pump prices, his government has raised factory gate duties on petrol and diesel twice in the last month.
That means state coffers, and not drivers, will benefit to the tune of $1.6 billion this fiscal year and nearly $5 billion next year.
A revival in the profitability of state-owned oil refiners like Hindustan Petroleum Corporation and Indian Oil Corporation could generate another $1 billion in extra revenues.
Further, ministry officials recommend restoring the old 5 percent crude oil import duty in full. This would require Modi’s approval, and if implemented could raise up to $4 billion more, lifting total potential fiscal gains to over $16 billion.
“A proposal to impose import duty on crude oil is under consideration,” said another finance ministry source. “The final decision could be announced in the budget.” Both sources requested anonymity, because they were not authorised to speak to the press on the record.
Jaitley is struggling to hit his fiscal deficit target of 4.1 percent of gross domestic product this fiscal year. He wants to cut it to 3.6 percent in 2015/16, and 3 percent in 2016/17.
Fiscal constraints leave little over for the wider economy, with consumers still cautious about their prospects and concerned that recent falls in inflation will be only temporary.
Although the price of diesel, used by truckers and farmers, has fallen by 6 percent in the past five months, drivers in India are now paying more to fill up than in the United States.
“The boost to household consumption is likely to be small,” said Shilan Shah, India Economist at Capital Economics in London. “The government has been able to take advantage of the windfall.”
By Shah’s reckoning, the oil windfall could help cut the budget deficit by 0.5 percent of GDP, as well as narrowing the current account gap and easing price pressures.
“This could lead to the RBI beginning to cut interest rates early next year, which on its own should have impact on economic growth,” said Shah.  ($1 = 61.8700 Indian rupees)
Post Comments
More from commodities

BlackBerry  Idea launch SIM-based licensingsolutionWith the new enhanced SIM-based licensing, Idea Cellular customers will be able to integrate EMM services with their wireless monthly subscriber billing.
By: PTI | New Delhi |
Posted: December 12, 2014 7:40 pm
Canadian handset maker BlackBerry today said it has partnered telecom operator Idea Cellular to offer enhanced SIM-based licensing (ESBL) in India.
With the new ESBL offering, Idea Cellular customers will be able to integrate enterprise mobility management (EMM) services with their wireless monthly subscriber billing, BlackBerry said in a statement.
The ESBL offering will support iOS, Android, Windows Phone and BlackBerry 10, it added.
No financial details of the partnership were disclosed.
Aimed at Indian enterprises, the offering will enable Idea Cellular to resell BlackBerry EMM services licensing as a bundled offer in a similar manner as MMS and SMS.
This will also enable Idea Cellular to offer a monthly billing model with daily proration, it said.
“With the new ESBL offering, Idea Cellular will become the one stop shop for the customers for devices, data plans, and software and services. This partnership will help us provide the enterprise segment with a differentiated, cost effective and seamless EMM solution,” Idea Cellular Chief Marketing Officer Sashi Shankar said.

Amit Shah defends Cgarh health ministers GudakhubusinessRaipur |
Posted: December 12, 2014 7:34 pm
BJP President Amit Shah on Friday defended the illegal and hazardous Gudakhu business of Chhattisgarh’s Health Minister Amar Agrawal and termed it “a rare mistake”. Shah was in Raipur for a meeting with party members to oversee the membership drive.
When asked during a press conference that why the BJP government is ignoring the business of Agrawal that causes oral cancer, Shah retorted: “Aisa lag raha hai aap health minister ki supari lekar aaye ho…when such a big government is being run, some rare mistakes do take place. How can you forget achievements of Chhattisgarh due to one incident?”
While the sale, purchase, storage and production of tobacco is banned and made a punishable offence in Chhattisgarh, Agrawal is involved in the production of Gudakhu, a product of tobacco and decomposed gud (jaggery).
According to the health department, Gudakhu is the biggest cause of oral cancer in the state. Of the total cancer patients, 50 per cent are women, whereas in other states women form less than 30 per cent of such cases. While 35% of total population in the country uses tobacco and related products, in Chhattisgarh, 53% of the people and 28.3% of the children below 15 years use these products.
About the question that the party and government project Prime Minister Narendra Modi as its only face, Shah asserted that there has always been only one leader. “It is a constitutional scheme. If someone questions, it he must read the constitution carefully,” he added.
Earlier, he urged the BJP members to increase the membership of BJP in Chhattisgarh from the present 50000 to 50 lakh. “Every member must make 100 members each so that BJP reaches its goal of 10 crore members in the country and become the world’s largest party,” he told party members.

With a bullet: Oil slumps  debt declines  sheepA ruling that overturned the conviction of two accused of insider trading could have further fallout, especially if you’ve been convicted of insider trading .
Americans are getting out of debt. U.S. debt levels, relative to income, are at their lowest in a decade .
Securities and Exchange Commissioner Mary Jo White warned mutual funds against getting into investments that may be difficult to get out of.
American Airlines says it will spend $2 billion to upgrade service for high-end passengers , including lie-flat seats, wi-fi on international flights, more entertainment offerings and upgraded airport lounges.
Sony film executive Amy Pascal says she has support of CEO Kazuo Hirai , despite making racial jokes about President Barak Obama in hacked e-mails.
Would you make an unsecured loan to someone so they could pay off a $14,000 credit card debt? You can at Lending Club, which made its initial public offering yesterday.
A sheep wearing a Christmas sweater has been reunited with its owner in Omaha. Apparently, it’s not Warren Buffett.

California Braces for Mudslides From Powerful StormHELP
[{"id":15048938,"hedshort":"RADAR - Rain and Ice Impacting Parts of the South","description":"","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUweather80F196_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"RADAR - Rain and Ice Impacting Parts of the South","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUweather80F196_16x9_608.jpg"},{"id":14519615,"hedshort":"Dow Jones Industrial Average","description":"","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUMBS_DOW_JONES_LIVE_1280X720_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"Dow Jones Industrial Average","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUMBS_DOW_JONES_LIVE_1280X720_16x9_608.jpg"},{"id":20969244,"hedshort":"EXPLORE.ORG: Deep-Sea Camera Off North Carolina Coast","description":"Live look at the Frying Pan underwater cam in Cape Fear, CD","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/explore_AppleTV_20140725_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"EXPLORE.ORG: Deep-Sea Camera Off North Carolina Coast","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/explore_AppleTV_20140725_16x9_608.jpg"}]

Are activist investors hurting jobsare activist investors hurting jobs
JACKY NAEGELEN / Reutersjacky naegelen / reuters
In-N-Out Ranks Higher Than Apple On List Of Best Places To WorkEmail
Comment
You probably wouldn't expect a fast-food joint to rank higher than Facebook or Apple as a great place to work.
But In-N-Out Burger topped both of those companies, and many others, in a new ranking by the job site Glassdoor of the 50 best places to work. In-N-Out placed eighth on the list, which was topped by Google and the Boston consulting firm Bain & Co.
The regional burger chain, which has restaurants in California, Arizona, Nevada, Utah and Texas, is the only fast-food company on the list. It didn’t crack the top 50 last year.
Glassdoor’s ranking was based entirely on employee feedback. Glassdoor collected more than 800,000 reviews from workers about the pros and cons of their jobs; how satisfied they are with their company; whether they would recommend a friend work there; and information about pay, benefits, opportunities to advance and work-life balance.
Companies were ranked based on their average employee ratings on a 5-point scale, with 5 being total job satisfaction. The full ranking, which only includes companies with at least 1,000 workers, can be found below.
In an industry known for low salaries and poor treatment of workers In-N-Out is often recognized for playing against type. According to Carl Van Fleet, vice president of planning and development at In-N-Out, the starting wage at the company is $10.50 an hour. That's a lot higher than the median hourly pay for fast-food workers nationwide, which is $8.94 an hour.
"We strive to create a working environment that is upbeat, enthusiastic and customer-focused," Van Fleet wrote in an email to The Huffington Post. "A higher pay structure is helpful in making that happen, but it is only part of our approach. It is equally important to treat our associates well and maintain that positive working environment in all of our restaurants."
Just last week, fast food workers in 190 cities across the country protested the industry's treatment of workers. But In-N-Out workers seem to be pretty satisfied with the company.
“Great pay rates, fantastic hours, calm and comfortable atmosphere, plenty of benefits, full of opportunity, friendly coworkers, overall very happy with the experience I gain here,” a part-time associate who has been working at In-N-Out for less than a year said in a review posted on Glassdoor. The jobs site moderates worker reviews and verifies users based on their email addresses or Facebook profiles.
A full-time associate who has worked at the company for more than five years listed the following pros: “The values of the company, the way they treat their associates, paid holidays off, atmosphere.”
One of the cons of the job, according to Glassdoor, is that it's difficult to get a full-time job there. Workers also complained about a strict dress code , standing for long hours, and that you often smell like burgers at the end of a shift. But those usually come with the fast-food territory.
More:

Fresh Start: Detroit Exiting Historic Bankruptcyfresh start: detroit exiting historic bankruptcy
RBI bought $2.7 bn in Oct to shore upReStreet sees good show after stellar year
Reserve Bank of India soaked up majority of dollar inflows into the local debt market in October by buying $2.7 billion from the foreign exchange market, data from the central bank showed.
This is the second straight month when the RBI bought dollars to prevent a sharp appreciation in the rupee and also to bolster the country’s forex reserves. In October, foreign investors pumped in $2.8 billion in the debt market and $145.3 million in equities.
The RBI data also showed that the central bank had bought dollars in the forward market as well. Outstanding forward contracts of RBI rose to $10.22 billion in October from $8.4 billion in September. The central bank typically purchases dollars in the forward market to postpone the infusion of liquidity into the banking system.
RBI’s aggressive dollar purchases had been the main reason for the rupee’s stability amid such strong inflows. The Indian currency moved in a tight 60-61/$ band during October.
According to currency dealers, the central bank’s presence in the spot and forward market has kept the rupee from appreciating. In fact, the currency has depreciated to 62/$ in December. Earlier this month, RBI governor Raghuram Rajan reiterated the stance that the central bank intervenes to reduce excess volatility in the currency.
Post Comments
More from indianmarkets

People Are Flocking To Best Buy At Center Of Murder Investigation'Serial' Fans Are Flocking To The Best Buy At Center Of Murder
Posted:
Comment
SPOILER ALERT: This story reveals details from as recent as episode 9 of "Serial."
A Maryland Best Buy has become a destination for people seeking a fairly obsolete piece of technology: a pay phone.
They're looking for one pay phone in particular, the one that plays a key role in the wildly popular podcast "Serial," which chronicles a reporter's investigation into the 1999 murder of Baltimore-area teenager Hae Min Lee.
Adnan Syed, the victim's ex-boyfriend who is serving a life sentence after being convicted of first-degree murder in Lee's death, claims he didn't do it. As avid fans of the show (like this writer) know, the state's case against Syed relies heavily on a pay phone that was once allegedly at a Best Buy on Security Boulevard in Windsor Mill, Maryland, outside of Baltimore.
The state's star witness -- referred to on the podcast only by his first name, Jay -- claimed Syed used the phone to call him to ask for a ride, shortly after allegedly murdering Lee in the Best Buy parking lot.
The problem is, it's possible the pay phone never existed. Sarah Koenig, the host of "Serial," hasn't found conclusive evidence confirming that there was a pay phone in the Best Buy parking lot at the time of the murder.
Now fans are apparently coming to the store location to see for themselves, Jeff Shelman, a Best Buy spokesman, told The Huffington Post. So many people have inquired about the phone that the general manager of the store, who hadn't heard of "Serial" until people started coming in to ask about it, has started listening, Shelman said.
The top review on a Yelp page for the Best Buy location is simply a reference to the show: "Parking lot is secluded enough, but I couldn't find the pay phone." A recent post on Reddit called "There WAS a pay phone at Best Buy" has generated 344 comments.
In the show's ninth episode, a friend of Syed and Jay's tells Koenig that there was never a pay phone at the Best Buy. She says she's certain of this because she used to shoplift from the store and was thus hyperaware of her surroundings. Koenig says of the pay phone, "We did a lot of research on this, where it was, whether it was, and we could not account for this phone booth."
Neither can Baltimore native Robert Hunt, who, inspired by the Reddit post, went to the Best Buy on one of the busiest shopping days of the year to look for evidence.
"It always occurred to me that there would be, at least in 1999, pay phones at a store like that," said Hunt, who has listened to each episode of the show several times. "It certainly made a difference to me, and I felt compelled even on Black Friday to go out there and check it out."
The patch of carpet Hunt found at the Maryland Best Buy.
Standing in the middle of a "stampede," Hunt said he found a patch of carpet in the vestibule of the store that looks as if it's covering up a stand or a pedestal. On the wall nearby is an area where it appears something was attached to the wall. All of this he takes as evidence that there was once a pay phone at Best Buy, though not in the parking lot, where the state's star witness, Jay, claims it was.
Jay's map of Best Buy and its surroundings. According to the "Serial" website , the rectangle to the right of the word "Ahnand" is the Best Buy store and the pay phone is in the corner of the parking lot right outside the store.
Hunt's photo of the pay phone's location, according to Jay's map. Hunt says the McDonald's (marked as "M.D." on Jay's map) is behind him. "It is about 30 to 35 yards from the front door. It does not seem like a logical place to have pay phones. I could not see any evidence or residual proof that there were ever pay phones at that spot," Hunt wrote in an email.
The area of the parking lot where Jay claims the murder took place was quiet, even on Black Friday, which fits Jay's description, Hunt said. Still, he wasn't necessarily convinced it was the scene of a murder.
"It would have been a good place to go and smoke weed or fool around. I can't see murdering anybody there," he said. "But I've never murdered anybody."
Hunt's photo of the Best Buy parking lot on Black Friday.
It's hard to tell whether the Best Buy brand in general has gotten any lift from "Serial," according to Shelman. Listeners are certainly hearing the name more, given how frequently it is mentioned on the show. The first sentence listeners hear in the recap before episode 10 centers on the pay phone at Best Buy, for example. And that is a lot of listeners: "Serial" has been downloaded and streamed more than 5 million times, setting a record for the speed with which it hit that mark.
Twitter users have even joked that the entire show is an ad for Best Buy.
-- This American Chart (@ThisAmerChart) November 14, 2014
The chain could use the help, especially during the holiday shopping season, which is crucial for retailers. The company's most recent earnings report was encouraging, but Best Buy has struggled in recent years as shoppers increasingly buy electronics online.
Even though the show links the Best Buy parking lot to a grisly crime, it may actually boost sales by bringing more fans to the store, said Jeff Greenfield, the co-founder of media analytics firm C3 Metrics.
"Any mention of them, especially this time of year, is going to be to their advantage," Greenfield said.
More:

Let This Grown Man Dancing In A Watermelon Outfit Make Your Dayreddit
When the normal world needs a break from their daily work duties, people turn to a LOL-worthy cat video or an adorable baby blooper to brighten their midday slump. The art world, however, prefers the gentle touch of a grown man dancing in a watermelon outfit. Yes, we win.
Today's inexplicable nugget of goodness is brought to you by English musician Tom Rosenthal , and his new song titled, you guessed it, "Watermelon." The devoted team at It'sNiceThat kindly recorded the simple yet brilliant lyrics of the song:
"It’s watermelon time, I said boom boom boom boom boom boom boom. It’s watermelon time, I said boom boom boom boom boom boom boom. It’s watermelon time, I said boom boom boom boom boom boom boom. It’s watermelon time, I said boom boom boom boom boom boom boom. It’s a fruit-based love."
The deliciously strange video features an inspired fellow in a very round watermelon ensemble prancing his way across various fields, valleys and meadows. It's a fruit salad for the eyes and so much more.
Don't ask questions. Just watch and watch again.
Also on The Huffington Post
Close

Number crunching for two-wheelers onlineNumber crunching for two-wheelers online
MURALI GOPALAN
Team effort: The Mind in Motion team (from left) TR Sethuraman, Rohit Kuttappa, RL Ravichandran and Vasini Vardhan
A collaboration of youth and experience to create a website to help bike buyers
It was in 2011 that a friend told Rohit Kuttappa that the Indian two-wheeler segment was virtually ignorant in terms of understanding consumers deeper.
And to think that a 12.5 million unit-per-year market (now over 16 million units) did not have the right kind of data to drive better market insight. “Even I, as a four-wheeler person, did not have too much of an idea about the 2-wheeler space,” Kuttappa says.
This is when the friend put him on to RL Ravichandran whose last assignment as CEO of Royal Enfield was to put the company back on track. He had also spent many years in senior leadership positions at Bajaj Auto and TVS Motor Company.
The right choice
”I was intrigued listening to Ravichandran explain how people actually search for a bike before eventually buying it. This was an important insight for me in terms of analysis,” Kuttappa says. He also understood that analysing the wrong parameters in decision making would not be of help either. This is because the 2-wheeler buyer is predisposed to a large extent to the brand he wants. He makes the decision and compares it with the best alternatives.
In 2012, Kuttappa, along with Ravichandran and a young team, formally launched Choosemybike.in and thereon Mind in Motion which is the analytical (customer intelligence) division. The former Enfield chief (now on the board of Eicher Motors) took over as Chairman to share his vast pool of experience with the young team based in Chennai.
Mathematical mind
Apart from Kuttappa who took on the Managing Director’s mantle, the others include Vasini Vardhan (chief economist), TR Sethuraman (data scientist) and a support team. They are not into recommending bikes but, instead, urge buyers to use the site as a search engine for information.
“It is unsolicited and impartial by the end of the day. The number of visitors is also increasing by the day. We are developing insights which people may find useful,” Sethuraman says.
Vasini explains that her work involves studying mind and market share and checking if there a correlation between the two.
“We then build a mathematical formula to predict future market share based on historical data. Some brands could have lost/gained market share,” she says.
Kuttappa insists it would be patently wrong for any company to assume that it understands what the customer wants. “Convergence between the seller and buyer is not the easiest of tasks in 2-wheelers. Any company which gets the closest to what the consumer wants becomes the leader but is still not insulated from market dynamics,” he says.
Playing field
Hence, Honda could be the leader in scooters by a large mile but there is worthy competition from the likes of TVS Motor, Hero MotoCorp and Yamaha. Whether that will result in a change in market share seems unlikely especially when Honda hardly takes anything for granted.
“Even though India is brand-conscious, people still like options and this only means that the company in the lead has to run faster. This is especially true in the 2-wheeler space,” Kuttappa says.
Ravichandran chips in to add that Honda is “all-supreme” in whichever region it is present in but things could be different in India.
“Here, there are brands with tremendous local support be it Bajaj Auto or TVS. They have built-in advantages like marketing and R&D,” he says.
The Honda discussion is clearly heating up with Kuttappa insisting that “everyone is doing a catch-up game” with the company in gearless scooters. The discussion then shifts to the company’s former ally and market leader, Hero.
“The positioning of brand Hero is that it has captured the 100-110cc market according to our focus group study,” Kuttappa says. Interestingly, it is also “getting better” in the 150cc plus category where Bajaj is the clear leader.
According to Ravichandran, Hero has positioned itself well in its campaign to focus on national integration. “Most people know that Hero and Honda have separated and yet they are the market leaders. This is no small feat and tells you what market behaviour is all about,” he says.
Buyer dynamics
There are certain buyers to whom the first purchase of a 2-wheeler is critical for improving the quality of their lives. Ravichandran says these consumers buy a trusted brand because they just cannot afford to make a mistake. “In this aspect, Hero is very strong,” he concedes.
Kuttappa believes the 2-wheeler customer is exposed to “so many influences”, especially from social media that the buying dynamics have changed. “It becomes even more difficult to gauge the buyer,” he says.
However, when the customer is willing to experiment or make a personality statement, he looks around and this is where other brands get his attention.
For instance, Mahindra is a relatively new brand in the 2-wheeler space but the team has discovered from buying pattern data that people consider it while buying scooters.
(This article was published on December 11, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Time to frame a roadmap for mobility solutionsTime to frame a roadmap for mobility solutions
MURALI GOPALAN
The RE60 (above), Tata’s Magic Iris, and the ubiquitous autorickshaw are all attempts at solving the problem. - S SUBRAMANIUM
On the go: A country as populous and diverse as India needs more mobility solutions. - REUTERS
As the quadricycle debate continues, focus returns to safety and sustainability
First, it was the Global New Car Assessment Programme which deemed the Datsun GO substandard and unsafe for Indian roads. Then there was a lot of debate on the quadricycle with a section of industry opposed to the concept. Finally, we had the Centre relax norms recently on the e-rickshaw for Delhi.
The common thread for these topics, which have been making news over the last few weeks, pertains to the bigger universe of mobility solutions for India. This is a country where the aspiration to own a vehicle goes hand-in-hand with the grim reality of affordability. Hence, while you have the privileged sections of society zoom around in a BMW or Audi, a family of four gambles with their lives day in and out on a two-wheeler.
Those who cannot afford this have to manage with public transport which means crowded buses and three-wheelers. All these vehicles are part of a harsh ecosystem in which cyclists and pedestrians struggle to find their way on overcrowded roads while trucks and buses speed alongside cars and 2/3 wheelers.
Safety first
It is hardly surprising then that India accounts for the largest road fatalities with nearly 150,000 people dying every year. This perhaps was one of the triggers for Global NCAP to indict the GO which had failed crash tests in Europe.
The only problem however is that a majority of road deaths happen outside the confines of a car. It is only pedestrians and 2-wheelers who end up being the most vulnerable.
Rajiv Bajaj is absolutely right when he says that the RE60 is a safer option than the traditional autorickshaw. After all, his product is covered on all sides, which ensures greater security to its occupants. The Managing Director of Bajaj Auto believes that if nobody has any issues with the safety of 2/3-wheelers, it is absurd to question the relevance of the RE60. Six years ago, when Ratan Tata, former Chairman of the Tata group, unveiled the Nano, he reiterated that it was largely intended for the two-wheeler rider.
Surely, Global NCAP would not have approved of the Nano which incidentally also failed its crash tests. But then so did India’s largest selling car, the Suzuki Alto. Manufacturers will argue that extra safety fitments like airbags will only inflate the price of a car in a country where price becomes a critical part of the buying decision. So, does this mean that the status quo continues?
Transport issues
India has a crying need for mobility solutions across its vast and diverse landscape. Some states have addressed this through the Bus Rapid Transit System where Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh and parts of Karnataka have been particularly successful. Compact taxis like the Tata Magic and Iris are popular in Tamil Nadu and Kerala where people share space and pay a fixed fare to get from one point to another. The next gradation upwards is the minibus which charges a little more for the extra space you get.
In this backdrop, there is absolutely no reason to deny a quadricycle to a 2/3-wheeler user as a mobility solution if this is what he/she is looking for. After all, it is the market which decides what products it wants. This is the same customer who rejected the Nano and there is no telling how he will react to the RE60 either. It is a chance that Bajaj Auto is willing to take because this is what entrepreneurship is all about. And this also explains why others like Piaggio and Mahindra are working on their own quadricycles.
Stronger regulations
However, Indian policymakers must ensure that this vehicle does not enter expressways or other specific zones which are only open to high speed cars. Can laws actually be enforced when, for instance, the Mumbai police struggle everyday to keep two-wheeler riders off a particular flyover intended only for cars? Likewise, people walk away scot free even after not fastening seatbelts or wearing helmets. This is where the new Motor Vehicles Act could, hopefully, make a difference through stringent punishments. The time has come to frame a roadmap which sets norms for different categories of vehicles especially those which redefine mobility solutions for India.
Keeping an eye on safety, these norms will gradually need to get more stringent as the country endeavours to keep pace with global standards. After all, it cannot afford to remain isolated from the rest of the world especially when it is perceived to be a potential superpower in the automotive arena.
Unfortunately, over the past years, only inconsistency in policy has marked the planning process.
Automakers have had to cope with constant changes in excise duty which has played havoc with their product planning schedules. In addition, for a country which proclaims itself as a global hub for cars, a lot more needs to be done for its roads and ports.
Myriad mobility solutions are only inevitable in a market where affordability remains the key. Yet, this must keep pace with framing tighter laws so that manufacturers constantly push the envelope and offer solutions which are nearly at par with counterparts across the world. Change takes time, especially in a system like ours, but there is really no way out unless we want to increase our death tally on the roads.
(This article was published on December 11, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Bike makers fret as numbers fallBike makers fret as numbers fall
MURALI GOPALAN
Tweet
Pileup of stocks at dealership makes situation grave
Eric Vas admits that he is slightly bewildered by the steady fall in motorcycle sales over the last couple of months. “This festive season was not as strong as what we would have liked it to be,” says the President of Bajaj Auto’s motorcycle business. November was “a jolt and a lot weaker” than the same period last year.
Festive fall
Traditionally, after Diwali, there is a 35 per cent drop in retail sales but it was closer to 47 per cent this year which Vas says was steep and unexpected. “At an industry level, we are surprised because you expect a momentum during the festive season and after but it was just not there this year,” he adds.
Motorcycle sales were up to 9.1 lakh units from 7.9 lakh units in August 2013. and the good showing continued in September when numbers crossed one million motorcycles, from 8.8 lakh at the same time last year.
October sales were also in the million units range, but down from 1.1 million bikes in 2013 while the downward trend continued in November which closed at 8.5 lakh units, compared to 8.8 lakh last year. Only 11 days have gone by in December so far but sources admit that there is little to write home about in terms of improved sentiment.
One school of thought maintains that bike sales have suffered due to late rains and a correspondingly delayed harvest which affected disposable incomes across rural India. This is a big buyer base for all 2-wheeler companies and setbacks here will, naturally, affect volumes.
According to Vas, what is equally puzzling about the falling numbers is that there is no significant difference between the sports and non-sport categories. This was not the case last year which makes the slump even more difficult to understand, he says.
Silver lining
Yet, it is not all gloom and doom in the 2-wheeler space with scooters continuing their good run. Data from the Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers shows that sales were up nearly 27 per cent in November to 3.86 (3.05) lakh units. This increase was higher than the preceding month when scooter numbers were up 10.89 per cent to 3.83 (3.46) lakh units.
Leading the scooter onslaught is Honda which is comfortably doing over 2.2 lakh units a month followed by TVS Motor and Hero MotoCorp at over 60,000 units each. At present, scooter sales are a third of bike numbers but this is tipped to grow rapidly in the coming years. With Honda scheduled to roll out another 1.2 million scooters from its Gujarat plant in 2016, scooters could just end up accounting for an equal share of the 2-wheeler pie.
Bigger picture
There are reports within industry that the situation is even more dire thanks to a huge build up of stocks at dealerships estimated at around two lakh bikes. To that extent, sentiment was perhaps down even in the festive season but nobody really too much notice. Vas, however, reiterates that Bajaj has deliberately cut down inventories and that he is personally determined to “run extremely tight conditions”.
It is also likely that the replacement cycle for bikes has increased since the economy is still not out of the woods and purchases have been deferred as a result. The job market is still not picking up and a plant closure like Nokia in Chennai, for instance, has only made things worse.
Auto ancillary suppliers in some states are also facing the heat of higher power tariffs and wages which are squeezing their margins.
(This article was published on December 11, 2014)
Related

The December tax deadline you probably dont know aboutBy Jonnelle Marte December 11, 2014 Follow @jonnelle
(Photo from Flickr used under Creative Commons license from user 401(K) 2012 )
Many taxpayers  are scrambling to take care of the usual list of tax chores to finish before year’s end, but there’s one little known tax deadline they’re probably forgetting.
December 15 (also known as Monday) is the last day for choosing a health plan on the new Obamacare insurance exchanges for people who want coverage by Jan. 1. Those who ignore the deadline and go without health insurance could see their tax bills grow by hundreds or thousands of dollars.
That’s because the penalty for not having health insurance will be added to people’s tax bills or subtracted from their tax refunds. Many people who didn’t have insurance this year will see these penalties show up on their tax returns for the first time when they start preparing their 2014 taxes in the spring. (The fee for not being covered this year is $95 per person or roughly 1 percent of household income. Next year it grows to $325 per person or roughly 2 percent of household income.)
Now some people who are confused about the deadline for signing up risk having to pay the penalty for 2015 as well. Anyone who doesn’t sign up by Monday won’t have insurance until Feb. 1 at the earliest. But they still have a chance to avoid the penalty for 2015.
The final, final deadline for buying insurance for next year — and for avoiding the penalty — will be Feb. 15. Anyone who doesn’t sign up by then will have to wait until the next open enrollment period starts in the fall — and will go without insurance for the rest of 2015.
“On Feb. 16 it will be too late, says Kathy Pickering, executive director of The Tax Institute at H&R Block. “So it’s important to get in early.”
People who change jobs, get married, have children or face another qualifying life event may be eligible for a special enrollment period that will give them another chance to sign up for coverage. Some people will also qualify for exemptions that will let them avoid the penalty altogether.
While 62 percent of people without insurance generally know that they could face a penalty, there is a lot of confusion about how the penalty will be applied and what people need to do to avoid it, according to a survey from TurboTax . Some 87 percent of the uninsured people polled by the online tax preparation company in November said they didn’t know the deadline for avoiding the 2014 tax penalty had passed.
“Despite all the talk of Obamacare, the lack of knowledge is astounding,” says Bob Meighan, a vice president at TurboTax.
Related:

Many Americans No Longer Believe in American Dreammany americans no longer believe in american dream
78-year-old Iowa legislator is prosecuted for having sex with his wife  who was suffering from AlzheimersBy Eugene Volokh December 11, 2014 Follow @volokhc
Henry Rayhons, an Iowa state legislator, speaks during an Oct. 8 interview in Garner, Iowa. Rayhons is awaiting trial on a felony charge that he raped his wife, Donna Young, at a nursing home where she was living. (Daniel Acker/Bloomberg News)
Bryan Gruley (Bloomberg) has a long and detailed story on the prosecution. Here’s a short excerpt:
The Iowa Attorney General’s office says [Henry] Rayhons had intercourse with his wife when she lacked the mental capacity to consent because she had Alzheimer’s. She died on Aug. 8, four days short of her 79th birthday, of complications from the disease. One week later, Rayhons, 78, was arrested. He pleaded not guilty….
By many accounts, Henry and Donna Rayhons were deeply in love. Both their families embraced their marriage. The case has produced no evidence thus far that the couple’s love faded, that Donna failed to recognize her husband or that she asked that he not touch her, said Rayhons’ son Dale Rayhons, a paramedic and the family’s unofficial spokesman.
Based on evidence generated so far, state prosecutors are likely to portray Rayhons as a sex-hungry man who took advantage of a sweet, confused woman who didn’t know what month it was, forgot how to eat a hamburger and lost track of her room.
The question of how to deal with sex by those who aren’t mentally competent is quite complex; it also arises, of course, with regard to those who are mentally disabled all their lives (see, e.g., this post 10 years ago about an interesting Ninth Circuit decision on this and this follow-up ). But I think, in cases like the Rayhons case, the key is to consider the nature of the parties’ past relationship, something Iowa law does to some extent but not enough.
It’s shocking to me that, until several decades ago, a husband’s forcing his wife to have sex wasn’t generally considered rape in the United States. (It still might not be, at least in some situations and at least as of 2010, in South Carolina .) It seems to me quite obvious that spouses are entitled to say “no.”
At the same time, it seems to me equally obvious that we must consider the parties’ past and unrevoked consent as relevant in some situations where there’s neither a “no” or a “yes.” If A starts caressing B’s genitals while B is sleeping, that’s generally a serious crime. But if A and B are sexually involved, it seems to me it shouldn’t be a crime at all — especially if this has happened before and both parties were quite happy about it — unless B wakes up and says no, or has indicated lack of consent to such behavior in the past.
This is just a reflection of the fact that “consent,” like much in life, can be implied and long-lasting and not just express and short-term. If we’re good friends and you keep letting me borrow something, that may be evidence of consent to borrow it even when I’m not around to expressly say, “yes, you can borrow it again.” That immediate consent is impossible, because you’re absent, doesn’t mean that there is no consent. Sex is not identical, of course, to borrowing gardening equipment, but in this respect it strikes me as similar: Even when someone isn’t able to immediately consent, it’s sometimes (though not always) reasonable to determine whether they would have consented by looking to past practice among the parties.
And this is especially so, I think, when the incapacity is permanent or at least long-lasting. I don’t think the law should require lovers or spouses to wake each other up before touching each other’s genitals, even when past practice suggests this is consensual. But at least such a requirement would only slightly interfere with people’s lives.
If the law criminalizes sex among lovers altogether once one of them has become mentally incapacitated, however warm their relationship was beforehand, that’s a lifetime constraint. And it’s not just a constraint once the incapacitation sets in. It’s a burden even on people who are not yet incapacitated but who know they are getting there, and who are upset that for many years to come they would be unable to give this sort of pleasure to their life partners — or to get this pleasure from them. If you were facing such a mental decline, would you want to know that the law will “protect” you from your beloved husband or wife this way?
Interestingly, Iowa law takes this into account in some measure, treating spouses differently from others, though not enough for Mr. Rayhons (or for the hypothetical sleeping couple), and not in a way that covers long-term lovers who aren’t married. Rayhons is charged with third-degree sexual abuse :
A person commits sexual abuse in the third degree when the person performs a sex act under any of the following circumstances:
1. The act is done by force or against the will of the other person, whether or not the other person is the person’s spouse or is cohabiting with the person.
2. The act is between persons who are not at the time cohabiting as husband and wife and if any of the following are true:
a. The other person is suffering from a mental defect or incapacity which precludes giving consent.
b. The other person is twelve or thirteen years of age….
c. The other person is fourteen or fifteen years of age and … [t]he person is four or more years older than the other person….
4. The act is performed while the other person is mentally incapacitated, physically incapacitated, or physically helpless.
[From the definitions section:]
1. “Mentally incapacitated” means that a person is temporarily incapable of apprising or controlling the person’s own conduct due to the influence of a narcotic, anesthetic, or intoxicating substance.
2. “Physically helpless” means that a person is unable to communicate an unwillingness to act because the person is unconscious, asleep, or is otherwise physically limited.
3. “Physically incapacitated” means that a person has a bodily impairment or handicap that substantially limits the person’s ability to resist or flee.
Sex with a permanently mentally incompetent lover is barred under Subdivision 2.a, at least under the prosecutor’s interpretation, unless the lover is both a spouse and cohabiting. I take it that the prosecutor’s theory in the Rayhons case is that the spouses were no longer cohabiting, because the wife was in a nursing home — but that strikes me as a hard-to-justify distinction, though one that the statute does seem to draw. And, to turn to my hypothetical, sexual touching of a sleeping lover is criminalized under subdivision 4, which lacks a spouse limitation.
Of course, often the law doesn’t cause these problems, because the allegedly injured party doesn’t complain (spouses who get caressed while they’re sleeping probably won’t call the police), because other parties who know don’t complain (the children of parents who are having sex even though one parent has Alzheimer’s probably won’t call the police, either), or because prosecutors will exercise their discretion not to prosecute. But sometimes third parties might learn of the incident — caretakers, housekeepers, or, as seems to have happened in this instance, children of one party from a former marriage — and be upset enough to complain, and a prosecutor might indeed go forward with the case. The law should be crafted to preclude that, I think, as Iowa law does to some extent but not sufficiently.
For an interesting take on this from a few years ago, see this Slate article by Daniel Engber . Thanks to Hans Bader for the pointer.
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

Banks face illegal migrant account finesUK banks face fines for illegal migrant accounts
Helen Warrell, Public Policy Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/04d54c5a-8154-11e4-a493-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Asian Stocks Rise After Upbeat US Retail SalesThe Ohio State Buckeyes' upset victory over the University of Alabama's Crimson Tide Thursday was among the surprising...
Brian Blanco/Getty Images

Two more MH17 crash victims identifiedThe Hague, December 12, 2014
Updated: December 12, 2014 12:30 IST
Two more MH17 crash victims identified
IANS
Tweet
Reuters
Ukraine's President Petro Poroshenko (C) and Australia's Prime Minister Tony Abbott (R) meet staff at the Crisis Management Center in the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade in Canberra on December 12, 2014. The center is where the recovery efforts for both Malaysia Airlines flights MH17 and MH370 are being co-ordinated. Poroshenko is on a three-day official visit to Australia from December 10 to 12.
TOPICS
air and space accident
Two more victims of the Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 crash in eastern Ukraine have been identified, raising total number of the identified victims to 294, the Dutch Ministry of Security and Justice announced.
The flight crashed on July 17 over Ukraine airspace, killing all 298 passengers on board, of whom 196 were Dutch citizens. Four victims, who remain unidentified, were Dutch, Xinhua reported on Friday.
All identifications of the victims have been carried out in Hilversum, a city in North Holland province, by the National Forensic Investigation Team (LTFO) based on tooth status, fingerprints or DNA.
Information about the remaining four unidentified victims might be available on the body parts currently present in Hilversum.
A Dutch military transport aircraft arrived at Eindhoven Air Base, the home base of the Royal Netherlands Air Force’s transport aircraft Nov 28, from Kharkiv, carrying six coffins with the victims’ remains.
Kharkiv is Ukraine’s second largest city in the northeast part of the country, from where the remains of many crash victims were gathered.

CIA Torture Report: Bobby Jindal defends George BushIndian-American Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal. File photo
TOPICS
USA
Indian-American Louisiana Governor and rising Republican star Bobby Jindal has said the release of a Senate committee report on CIA’s detention and harsh interrogation techniques is aimed at attacking former President George W Bush.
“It is clear that the Democrats wrote and released this report in an attempt to once again attack President Bush. I remain very proud to have worked for him, and proud that he kept America safe in the aftermath of 9/11,” Mr. Jindal said.
His comment came days after the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence released a report which said the interrogation programme of CIA post 9/11 in many cases amounted to torture.
“This report is one-sided and partisan. The Left hates the former President, they always have, and now, six years after he left office they are still campaigning against him,” Mr. Jindal said in a statement.
“The undeniable truth of the matter is this — President Bush kept America safe after 9/11 from terrorists that wanted to kill us. This is simply a fact. President Bush is a good man and I am honored to have served in his Administration,” said Mr. Jindal, who is considered to be eyeing at the 2016 presidential run.
He is the first Indian-American Governor of a US State.
“If I were to decide a run, this election to me is all about how do we restore the American dream for our children and grandchildren. This President, he has believed in bigger government, redistribution, fewer opportunities, more debt, more tax, and more borrowing,” Mr. Jindal told Fox News.
“If I were to decide to run I think I’ve got a unique perspective. My parents came here over 40 years ago in search of the American dream. My brother and I have lived the American dream. We’ve taken on big challenges. We’ve taken on the infringed interests. I think the American people are looking for big change in Washington,” he said.
In the latest opinion polls of potential Republican presidential aspirants, Mr. Jindal is placed at 11th place.
“If I were to decide to run it wouldn’t be about poll numbers. I was at less than two percent when I first ran for Governor, I was within the margin of error,” he said.
“We have transformed our state. For 25 years we were losing people. Six years in a row now we have more people moving into the state. Took ten charity hospitals. This is the third rail in Louisiana politics, turned them into public/private partnerships. Substantially, not only cut the size of government 26 per cent, but have grown the private sector economy. This is not about politicians who are popular by kissing babies and cutting ribbons. This election is going to be about big ideas and big change,” Mr. Jindal said.

FCA leak takes heat off exit fees debateDecember 12, 2014 5:47 am
FCA leak takes sting out of exit fees debate
Neil Collins
Life assurance shares fell sharply in March after Telegraph story
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/df025d2a-8161-11e4-b956-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Chinese search giant Baidu to invest in UberUber finds backer in Chinese search giant Baidu despite setback around the world
Gerry Shih     Beijing   Last Updated: December 12, 2014  | 16:47 IST
Baidu became the latest Chinese Internet firm to take an interest in the flourishing market for transportation apps. (Photo: Reuters)
Uber Technologies has received much-needed positive news as Chinese search engine Baidu Inc is set to invest in the taxi-hailing app maker, a person familiar with the matter said on Friday.
State media outlet China National Radio reported the deal earlier this week.
The news comes amid a number of setbacks suffered by the US startup this week. Delhi has banned the company and ordered review of safety after the arrest of an Uber driver accused of rape while Thailand and Spain are among countries to have halted its services for regulatory reasons.
The size of Baidu's investment - and its valuation of Uber - are unknown, but the Chinese firm has scheduled a press conference to announce an investment into an unnamed US-based startup on December 17 in Beijing.
An Uber spokeswoman in Singapore did not respond to a request for comment.
Baidu became the latest Chinese Internet firm to take an interest in the flourishing market for transportation apps.
Uber's alliance with the company mirrors partnerships between dominant Chinese taxi-hailing apps Kuaidi Dache and Didi Dache, which have been backed by Baidu rivals Alibaba Group Holding and Tencent Holdings respectively.
Uber had said earlier this month it raised funding valuing the company at $40 billion, propelling it into the ranks of the world's most richly valued private companies.
(Reuters)

Amit Shah links Burdwan blast accused to Mamata Banerjee s Trinamool againCommuter rage, arson after suburban train services disrupted
Unfazed by the controversy over his earlier remarks, Bharatiya Janat Party (BJP) President Amit Shah today linked the Burdwan blast accused to Trinamool Congress and challenged the party chief Mamata Banerjee to say they are innocent.
“The accused in the Saradha scam and Burdwan blast are linked to TMC. The owner of the house where Burdwan blast took place is linked to TMC. The Sharada chit fund scam accused are also linked to TMC and many people including MPs have been arrested.
“If Mamataji feels it is CBI’s mischief, she should say that those arrested are innocent…If CBI is doing a political probe, let Mamataji just say in public that those arrested people are innocent,” Shah said speaking at ‘Agenda Aaj Tak’.
The BJP chief said he is a public leader and has made an allegation against the West Bengal Chief Minister’s party and it was upto her to come out and clarify on them.
“I have made an accusation against Mamata’s party and to come clear on that is Mamata’s work,” he said.
He also said BJP would never use CBI as a tool to meet its political ends which the Congress was doing all along, starting from the time of Indira Gandhi upto those of Manmohan Singh and Sonia Gandhi.
While addressing a rally in Kolkata on November 30, Shah had accused Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee of creating hurdles for a proper NIA probe into the Burdwan blast to shield her party leaders allegedly involved in the incident.
He also alleged that Saradha chit fund money was used in the October 2 Burdwan blast.
However, Minister of State in PMO Jitendra Singh, had in a written reply in Parliament, said CBI investigations have so far not revealed that Saradha chit fund money was used to finance terror in Bangladesh, contradicting BJP chief Amit Shah’s allegation of such a connection.
Post Comments
More from miscellaneous

Photos: Uber CEO Travis Kalanick parties with kidsArchive
Uber CEO Travis Kalanick parties with kids in San Francisco
Uber Chief Executive Officer (CEO) Travis Kalanick (R) compares skewers with fourth grader Gabriel Sullivan (L) during Cooking Matters, a nutrition class taught by 18 Reasons, a local partner of Share our Strength at Glen Park Elementary School in San Francisco, California.

India  Poland keen to collaborate in mining sectorIndia, Poland keen to collaborate in mining sector
Our Bureau
Tweet
Kolkata, Dec 12:  
India and Poland on Friday explored the collaborative opportunities in the mining sector in India and abroad for raw material security.
“I am confident that Poland will make use of the provision for 100 per cent foreign direct investment in Indian mining industry, and our PSUs will collaborate with their Polish counterparts for securing and optimizing raw material resources,” said the Union Minister of Steel and Mines Narendra Singh Tomar at a meeting with a Polish team.
Senior Polish delegates met with representatives of different States and heads of steel and mining PSUs. The meeting comes ahead of amendments in MMDR Act to simplify law related to mining and plan to ramp up steel production from the present level of 90 million tonnes (mt) to 300 mt by 2025.
According to Steel Secretary Rakesh Singh Indian miners were looking forward to technical collaboration in deep underground mining.
SAIL’s Chasnalla underground coking coalmine in Jharkhand employs technology from Poland. Polish State Minister of Economy, Jerry W Pietrewicz, expressed keenness of Polish firms in partnering Indian companies in modernizing mines.
The delegation also discussed the recent acquisition of coal mines in Mozambique by a joint venture of five Indian PSUs, International Coal Ventures Limited (ICVL).
Polish Minister mentioned that similar opportunities were being opened in Poland as some mines were scheduled to be put up for sale.
He also said that Poland was already in talks with Mozambique for mutual business opportunities, and that he looked forward to partnering ICVL there.
Vice Chairman of JSW S.A., the largest coal mining company in Poland Jerzy Borecki and other heads of Poland mining firms showed willingness to participate in the upcoming auction of coalmines in India.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

TRAI extends comments submission date on IUC to Dec 22Home News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
TRAI extends comments submission date on IUC to Dec 22
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 12:  
Telecom regulator TRAI has extended the last date to December 22 for receiving comments on interconnect charges which one operator pays to other for using its network to complete calls.
Earlier, while releasing the consultation paper on Interconnect Usage Charges’ (IUC), the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI) had asked the stakeholders to send their comments by December 11 and counter-comments by December 18.
“On the request of some service providers, the Authority has decided to extend the date for submission of written comments and counter-comments till December 22 and December 29, 2014 respectively,” the TRAI said.
The TRAI had specified the IUC in 2003 and subsequently the charges have been revised in 2006 and 2009.
The prevailing IUC regime was notified in 2009.
At present, termination charge for all local and national long-distance mobile calls is 20 paise per minute, which means a telecom company pays 20 paise per minute to other company on whose network call ends.
The termination charge for incoming international long distance calls is 40 paise per minute.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

Sentiment news today: Do you feel confidentSHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
You probably think that if someone asks you how you’re feeling, they don’t really want to know how you’re feeling. And this is true, unless the person asking you is an economist.
Geraldine Hoff Doyle smiles and poses for a photo with the WWII Rosie the Riveter poster that was made with her likeness and was most popular during that era. (AP Photo/The State Journal, Robert Killips)
And why on earth would an economist want to know how you’re feeling? Because at the dry dusty heart of economics is a fascination with human emotion. When consumers are confident, they are more likely to buy things and keep the economy humming. When they’re scared, they keep their wallets shut tight.
Investors will get a peek into consumers’ deepest feelings today, when the Reuters/University of Michigan Consumer Sentiment index is released. The index gained 1.9 points to 88.8 in November, its best reading since July 2007.
The index, which is based on polling data, has several components that bear watching. One component: Consumers’ assessment of current economic conditions. Last month, that soared 4.4 points to 102.7, the highest since July 2007, according to Moody’s Analytics. Part of this could have to do wth substantially lower gas prices, which puts money directly into consumers’ pockets.
Another reason for the mood boost: Jobs are more plentiful. Except for one week in November, initial unemployment claims have been below 300,000 for three months, the first time that’s happened since 2000, Moody’s says. So far, consumers are still cautious about the future. But another couple of good months could turn that around.

Nifty Posts Biggest Weekly Loss Since JulyYou are here: Home Market
Nifty Posts Biggest Weekly Loss since July, Sensex Falls 251 Points
Reuters | Updated On: December 12, 2014 18:02 (IST)
Sensex Rises More Than 300 Points; Bank Nifty Hits Record
Mumbai: The BSE Sensex fell for a fifth session in six on Friday to post its worst weekly loss in three years as oil explorers continued to slump after Brent crude prices slipped to below $63 a barrel.
The relentless slide in crude prices is fuelling concerns about global economic growth, and also dragged stocks in Europe lower, while limiting gains in Asian markets.
Caution also prevailed ahead of consumer inflation data due after the close of markets. Retail prices were expected to have risen 4.5 per cent from a year earlier, the slowest monthly advance since the series was released in 2012.
Foreign investors have now sold $141.5 million worth of shares in Indian markets in the last three sessions, regulatory data showed.
The Nifty has fallen 4.68 per cent so far this month, putting it on track to snap two months of gains.
"In short-term, I expect markets to correct further by 2-3 per cent as foreign institutional investors are likely to continue to sell as markets looks little overvalued at these levels," said G. Chokkalingam, founder of Equinomics, a research and fund advisory firm.
"The flows will also be impacted as the holiday season begins.
The benchmark BSE Sensex ended 0.9 per cent lower at 27,350.68 and was down 3.9 per cent for the week to post its worst weekly performance since December 2011.
The broader Nifty closed down 0.8 per cent at 8,224.10. For the week it lost 3.7 per cent, recording its worst weekly performance since mid-July.
Shares of Gail fell 4.4 per cent, while Oil and Natural Gas Corp and Reliance Industries Ltd slipped 3.5 per cent and 2.63 per cent, respectively.
Software services exporter Tata Consultancy Services, fell 1.66 per cent as traders speculated the company would announce some restructuring, which may impact earnings outlook.
After market hours, TCS said in an analyst call it expected Q3 revenues to be in line and kept its EBIT margin band unchanged.
Other IT stocks such as Wipro ended down 0.58 per cent and HCL Technologies Ltd closed 2.55 per cent lower.
Meanwhile, caution ahead of the consumer inflation data later in the day dragged lenders including State Bank of India down 0.86 per cent, ICICI Bank 0.47 per cent, and Punjab National Bank down 0.51 per cent.
Among the gainers, telecom shares such as Bharti Airtel ended up 1.35 per cent on media reports of inclusion of additional spectrum auction.
Copyright Thomson Reuters 2014

Rupee Ends Higher at 62.29You are here: Home Forex
Rupee Ends Higher at 62.29; Biggest Weekly Fall in Over 4 Months
Reuters | Updated On: December 12, 2014 18:54 (IST)
Rupee Weakens to 63.50 as Share Losses Hurt
Mumbai: The rupee marked its biggest weekly fall in over four months on Friday, tracking steep declines in local shares and broad dollar strength as the slump in crude oil prices raised concerns about the global economy.
The benchmark Sensex fell for a fifth session in six on Friday to post its worst weekly loss in three years as foreign investors sold $141.5 million worth of shares in the last three sessions, regulatory data showed.
Caution also prevailed ahead of consumer inflation data, which showed retail inflation in November eased to a record low of 4.38 per cent from 5.52 per cent in October. ( Read more )
Analysts had expected retail prices to have risen 4.5 per cent, the lowest advance since the data was released in 2012, which would reinforce expectations of early rate cuts next year.
The falls in the rupee likely prompted intervention from the Reserve Bank of India, traders said.
"Rupee's bias would remain towards slow depreciation. Weak equities due to slumping crude opens the possibility of 63 plus on the unit in the near term," said Anindya Banerjee, currency research analyst at Kotak Securities.
The partially convertible rupee closed higher at 62.29/30 per dollar, after falling to as low as 62.5050, a level last seen on February 6. It had closed at 62.33/34 on Thursday.
The rupee fell 0.82 per cent over the week to mark its worst weekly fall since August 1.
The dollar stayed firm against most of its major peers on Friday, thanks in part to upbeat US retail sales data.
Meanwhile, Brent crude slipped on Friday to below $63 a barrel, its lowest since July 2009, on persistent concerns over a global supply glut and a sluggish demand outlook.
In the offshore non-deliverable forwards, the one-month contract was at 62.58, while the three-month was at 63.11.
($1 = 62.3550 rupees)

Forex reserves decline to USD 314.6 billionForex reserves decline to USD 314.6 billion
Karnataka cane growers to be paid Rs 2 300 a tonne by Dec-endKarnataka cane growers to be paid Rs 2,300 a tonne by Dec-end
Press Trust of India | Belagavi Dec 12, 2014 06:54 PM IST
Sugar mills will be made to pay Rs 2,300 per tonne to cane growers by December end, Karnataka Sugar Minister H S Mahadev Prasad said in the Assembly today. "The government will also make efforts to pay an additional amount of Rs 200 per tonne to the farmers by the mills in two installments by next March end," Prasad said.
Indirectly putting the onus on the Centre, Prasad said the NDA government has not given clear assurance to the state regarding the increase of import duty on raw sugar to 40 per cent from the present 25 per cent in order to arrest the price fall in open market.
The Centre has also not given clear assurance on the state's demand to increase the ethanol blending to 10 per cent from existing 5 per cent, which will help sugar mills to generate more income. Karnataka is one of the states, where 5 per cent of ethanol is blended with petrol, he said.
"Chief Minister Siddaramaiah has already met the Food and Consumer Affairs Minister Ram Vilas Paswan with our demands - to increase import duty on raw sugar and ethanol blending, but the Centre has not given clear assurance as he (Paswan) is yet to talk to Prime Minister Narendra Modi on these issues," he said.
Prasad also said the government was not empowered to invoke the Essential Services Maintenance Act (ESMA) against sugar mills for non-payment of the arrears. The government has asked the Centre to extend ESMA powers to the state, he said.
Not satisfied by the reply of the minister, both BJP and JDS members trooped into the well of the House and shouted slogans against the government. Amidst the din, Speaker Kagodu Thimmappa adjourned the House till December 15. Raising the issue, Opposition Leader Jagadish Shettar alleged that the government has failed to commit itself to paying Rs 2,500 per metric tonne to sugarcane growers.
He also charged that the government is in favour of the sugar lobby as it has been only paying lip service of taking action against sugar mills, but in reality no action has been taken against them. Shettar alleged that the government is anti-farmers.
 

Sudden ban may prove to be costly for Xiaomi:ReportBy: PTI |
Posted: December 12, 2014 7:51 pm | Updated: December 13, 2014 11:00 am
An Indian court which restrained the online sale of Xiaomi smartphones in India till February following a patent infringement petition from Ericsson could be a major setback for the Chinese company’s “most important overseas market” and its globalisation plans, reports said today.
The sudden ban may weigh on Xiaomi’s performance in its most important overseas market and its ambitious globalisation plans, a report in the state-run China Daily quoting industry insiders said.
The Delhi High Court in an interim order on Wednesday restrained Xiaomi as well as online e-commerce site Flipkart from selling in India handsets of the Chinese mobile maker that run on the technology patented by Ericsson. The court also restrained Xiaomi or its agents from making, assembling, importing or offering for sale its devices which are infringing the mobile phone technology patented by Ericsson.
“India is the top priority for Xiaomi’s overseas strategy. It will try everything to maintain its sales operation in the country,” James Yan Yan told the Daily adding that the company’s Indian shipments could hit “several hundred thousand” units.
Stockholm-based Ericsson told another state-run daily Global Times in an e-mail response that it has taken legal action after over three years of attempts to engage in a licensing negotiation with Xiaomi a number of its products are “infringing our patents.”
“It’s unfair for Xiaomi to benefit from our substantial R&D investment without paying a reasonable licensee fee for our technology,” the world’s biggest wireless network equipment maker said, refusing to further detail the ongoing legal process.
Founded only four years ago, Xiaomi launched its first Android-based smartphone in 2011 and started sales in India as it expands business beyond China this year.
The company has reportedly sold over 800,000 smartphones including its popular Mi 3 and low-budget Red Mi 1S in the Indian market since July.
A report by Counterpoint Technology Market Research said in early November that Xiaomi became one of the world’s fastest-growing phone brands in India in the third quarter of the year with a 1.5 per cent share of the market.
The overseas expansion has helped Xiaomi jump to No 3 in global shipments in the third quarter, following only Samsung and Apple, according to a US market research firm IDC’s October report.
“India can be a new wonderland for the Chinese rising star thanks to the large number of price-sensitive consumers, but Ericsson’s legal action will generate a setback to Xiaomi’s development there,” Xu Hao, an industry analyst with Beijing-based market research firm Analysys International told the daily.
Other analysts said that lack of more patents could affect Xiaomi’s future growth in overseas markets.

Saradha chit fund scam: Mamata Banerjee calls Modi govt coward  says Madan Mitras arrest isillegalBy: Express News Service | Kolkata |
Posted: December 12, 2014 8:07 pm
West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee has reacted sharply on the arrest of Transport Minister Madan Mitra in connection with multi-crore Saradha chit fund scam on Friday.
Mamata said the arrest is illegal and dared the Centre govt to arrest her. “What happened is illegal and unconstitutional,” said Mamata
Mamata also said she is not accepting the resignation of Mitra. “Madan Mitra submitted his resignation letter, but I am not accepting it because his arrest is illegal,” she said.
The Trinamool chief lashed out at the Modi government saying “BJP government at the Centre is ‘coward’, acting like an ‘autocrat’.”
“I will go, visit Madan Mitra. Ask them to arrest with whatever police Narendra Modi, BJP president have got at their disposal,” said Banerjee.
Meanwhile, Leader of the Opposition in West Bengal Assembly Surjya Kanta Mishra demanded immediate questioning of Mamata Banerjee and others in the Saradha scam.
Mishra’s comment followed arrest of Madan Mitra by the CBI. “We will now hit the streets with this demand and demands for action against other ponzi companies as also refund of money to the cheated depositors,” Mishra said.

Heavy security put in place ahead of PM Narendra Modis rallies inJ&KBy: Press Trust of India | Jammu |
Posted: December 12, 2014 8:06 pm
Heavy security arrangements have been put in place, ahead of the twin public rallies of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to be held on Saturday in Kathua and Rajouri districts.
“Tight security arrangements have been made for the twin rallies of prime minister in border districts of Kathua and Rajouri tomorrow”, a senior Police officer said.
The main venues at Sports Stadium in Kathua and New Bus Stand area in Rajouri have been sanitised and have been made out of bound for the public till Saturday’s rallies, he said.
The entry and exit points have been deployed with police checkpoints for monitoring incoming vehicles in the town and police is keep a round-the-clock vigilance in these areas.
The twin towns being close to Indo-Pak border, security grid of Army has been put on alert and VDCs also activated along the border line to mop up the vigilance.
Modi will address public rallies at Kathua and Rajouri on Saturday.
The Prime Minister had visited three times and addressed five rallies in Kishtwar, Udhampur, Poonch, Samba and Srinagar districts for campaigning for its party candidates in first, second and third phases of elections.

Huawei launches Ascend P7 at Rs24 799By: Tech Desk | New Delhi |
Posted: December 12, 2014 8:05 pm
Huawei has launched its Ascend P7 smartphone in India at a price of Rs 24,799. The Ascend P7 has a 5-inch Full HD display and is powered by a 2500 mAh battery. It runs on a 1.8 GHz quad-core Kirin 910T CPU with 2GB RAM and 16GB internal memory which is expandable up to 32GB.
The Ascend P7 runs on Android 4.4.2 KitKat operating system with Emotion UI 2.3. The smartphone mounts a 13MP rear-facing BSI camera with DSLR Level ISP and an 8MP front camera. Ascend P7 supports 4G LTE Cat4 supporting FDD band 3 that Indian operators are expected to launch during 2015.
Specs:
1.8 GHz quad-core Kirin 910T CPU
Android 4.4.2 KitKat operating system
2GB RAM
16GB internal memory, expandable up to 32GB
13MP rear-facing BSI camera and 8MP front camera
2500 mAh battery

BJP leaders should maintain restraint when they speak  advises Amit ShahComments
The BJP president Amit Shah narrating on the six-month accomplishments of the Modi-led NDA was candid enough to affirm that there is only leader in the central government and the leader is the Prime Minister.
During his maiden visit to Chhattisgarh capital on Friday to give an impetus to the party’s ongoing membership drive, the BJP leader contended that the government is working effectively because there is only one leader as the Prime Minister (Narendra Modi). “And this is also leading to winning the people’s trust”, Shah asserted.
To a query on the BJP leaders' controversial remarks on religious conversions and Nathuram Godse, the assassin of Mahatma Gandhi, the BJP leader stated that the party leaders should maintain restraint when they speak. “Where ever needed the party will talk to its members and advise so as to ensure the atmosphere should not get vitiated”, he said.
    
He however advised all political parties to come to the BJP-led government with a proposal seeking the parliament to pass an anti-conversion law. 
The biggest achievement for the Modi-led government is that it is working as the effective government and there is no inconsistency or conflict within it. The entire secretariat is working together taking guidance from the prime minister.
“We will meet the target of 10 crore target of members by 31st March next year. So far we have already reached the figure of1.40 crore”, he told media persons.
On the Maoist menace, Shah, who is credited for his strategic abilities by the BJP, cited that there cannot be quick result to such problem. “Chhattisgarh has already gained a lot in its battle against the Maoists during the previous ten years and in the coming days the state will fight to the finish”, he said.
He denied that during the six month rule of the Modi-led government there is an increase in the incidents related to Maoists and terror attacks. “Compare any six months of the UPA with the Modi-government and assess it”, he said.

Market experts advise investors on wealth creationDec 13, 2014, 11.35 AM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Market experts advise investors on wealth creation
Below is the interview of Madhusudan Kela, Navin Agarwal, Sanjoy Bhattacharyya & Raamdeo Agrawal on CNBC-TV18 during the 19th Wealth Creation Study Panel Discussion by Motilala Oswal.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Market experts advise investors on wealth creation
Below is the interview of Madhusudan Kela, Navin Agarwal, Sanjoy Bhattacharyya & Raamdeo Agrawal on CNBC-TV18 during the 19th Wealth Creation Study Panel Discussion by Motilala Oswal.
Post your opinion here
Special Show
Below is the interview of Madhusudan Kela, Chief Investment Strategist at Reliance Capital, Navin Agarwal, CEO - Institutional Equities at Motilal Oswal Securities, Sanjoy Bhattacharyya, Founder of Fortuna Capital & Raamdeo Agrawal, Joint MD at Motilal Oswal Financial Services on CNBC-TV18 during the 19th Wealth Creation Study Panel Discussion by Motilala Oswal.
RELATED NEWS

Repsol in talks over Talisman acquisitionRepsol in talks to buy Talisman Energy for up to $8bn
Ed Crooks and Arash Massoudi in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6c74867e-8202-11e4-a9bb-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

McDonald s Shrinking Menu to Boost Speedmcdonald s shrinking menu to boost speed
Chicago Urban League  1871 and the push for diversity in technology1
In all those areas we’re making progress. We’ve had major focus on building metrics that talk to outcomes, not just numbers of people through the doors. We’ve hired a director, Stephanie Schmitz Bechteler, who’s focused on research, program development and evaluation.
Q. How does the racial disconnect affect economic opportunities for African-Americans?
A. Recently Chicago United came out with their biannual study on diversity in the ethnic ranks in the corporate community in Chicago. The study showed that overall minority diversity is still moving very slowly but that it was trending positively and that the African-American community will never reach parity if the current trends continue.
That can’t be because the African-American community doesn’t have talent, ability or drive. There’s a driver there when you get down to the subjective decisions that come with making executive ranks of businesses that African Americans are not being evaluated on the same path. So companies have to be aware of that.
Q. What’s your take on Jesse Jackson and Rainbow PUSH’s efforts to get tech firms to release their diversity data?
A. They were reluctant to release the figures, but starting earlier this year in response to pressure from Rev. Jackson they did release the figures and they were, as anticipated, abysmal. Now there’s an effort under way to see what we can do to move those numbers.
That’s exactly why we have the partnership with 1871. He’s focusing on the big tech companies that happen to be headquartered in Silicon Valley. But Google, Groupon, Twitter and Facebook all have a presence here in Chicago.
Q. How do the Michael Brown and Eric Garner deaths relate to your mission?
A. In the African-American community, there’s a real belief based in fact that the institutions that we rely on don't value us the same way they value the majority community. What you’re seeing is this disconnect between African Americans and the perceptions of the majority community about how we as a country still have a long way to go in resolving and getting comfortable with our differences and recognizing that we have a long history of discrimination against African Americans that we have resolved legally but still have some resonance.
The only way we’re going to get through that is to begin to have some honest conversations that we're starting to have, but you have to be focused and intentional about it. We have to figure out a way to work together to make our cities better for all of their citizens.
Q&As are edited for length and clarity.

Retail sales show strong growth in NovemberBy Sarah Halzack December 11, 2014 Follow @sarahhalzack
A woman shops at  Toys R Us in Times Square in Manhattan in November. (Andrew Burton/Getty Images)
Retail sales soared higher in November, a sign that low gas prices and an improving job market encouraged consumers to spend their cash.
Sales rose 0.7 percent to $449.3 billion last month, the Commerce Department reported on Thursday , with nearly every category of retailer recording an increase. Some of the strongest growth came from clothing stores, which had a 1.2 percent boost in sales last month. Electronics and appliance stores registered a 0.9 percent sales gain, while online stores gained by 1 percent.
Shoppers hitting the stores in November encountered a month-long merry-go-round of holiday season discounts as retailers tried to lure them to spend in the crucial fourth quarter.  Wal-Mart, for example, cut prices on 20,000 items Nov. 1 and then held a five-day blitz of Black Friday deals that kicked off on Thanksgiving.
Retailers have been only cautiously optimistic about the holiday shopping season:  While lower gas prices are freeing up discretionary spending money and the improving job market is restoring confidence in the economy, consumers remain extremely price-sensitive and are unlikely to make impulse buys .  This consumer mindset has many retailers expecting flat sales this holiday season, or perhaps only modest gains.
On Nov. 30, the National Retail Federation released the results of a survey that found that spending over Thanksgiving weekend fell 11 percent compared to the previous year.
While these findings stoked some fears that retailers were in for a rough holiday season, the Commerce Department data suggests the kickoff to Christmas shopping was relatively strong.
With so many Black Friday deals running for several days or even weeks, the weaker sales and foot traffic over Thanksgiving weekend were likely a sign that shoppers didn’t cut back on their gift-hunting–they  simply spread it out .
The 0.7 percent gain was larger than the 0.4 percent increase economists had expected. Revised figures for October showed that retail sales grew 0.5 percent that month, an improvement over initially reported 0.3 percent.
Richard Moody, chief economist with Regions Financial Corporation, wrote in a research note that he expects low energy prices to continue to be a tailwind for consumer spending in December.
“Retail pump prices have fallen even further thus far in December, and have further to go on the downside, and to the extent household energy prices moderate as well, overall household expenditures on energy over the winter could be considerably lower than was the case last winter,” Moody wrote.
Sarah Halzack is The Washington Post's national retail reporter. She has previously covered the local job market and the business of talent and hiring. She has also served as a Web producer for business and economic news.

The mad chase after Bt brinjalThe mad chase after Bt brinjal
KP Prabhakaran Nair
Grow local Enjoy globally tristan tan/shutterstock.com
GM crops increase toxicity in the human body and will ring the end of delicious indigenous varieties
In 2009, responding to large-scale opposition to Bt brinjal’s introduction in India, former environment minister Jairam Ramesh placed an indefinite moratorium on its further field testing. This was done after discussions with scientists, both pro and anti-GM crops, activists and farmers across the country.
His successor, Jayanthi Natarajan, shared the same opinion; it was a view not shared by Sharad Pawar, agriculture minister in UPA-II, and the PMO’s office. She was eased out of office and her successor Veerappa Moily lost no time in giving the green signal not just to Bt brinjal but the entire spectrum of GM crops for field testing. The BJP, in the opposition then, had opposed the move at the time but now, in government, it has given permission to field test both Bt brinjal and Bt mustard.
In 2006, responding to a PIL in the Supreme Court on GM crops, the then Chief Justice of India YK Sabharwal had observed that the entire question should be examined by scientists.
An independent expert committee was constituted consisting of leading agronomists, soil scientists, plant physiologists, nutritionists, economists, social activists and farmers’ representatives, to specifically examine the field data pertaining to Bt brinjal provided by an Indian seed company, a subsidiary of a US-based agri-business behemoth.
Noting that the seed company had blatantly violated many safety protocols prescribed by the Department of Biotechnology, the committee submitted its report to the Supreme Court, recommending stoppage of further field testing, until foolproof safety protocols were put in place.
Last year, the Supreme Court-appointed Technical Expert Committee (TEC) ordered that no field testing of GM crops be carried out until strong safety provisions were in place. A single member of TEC, a former Director General of ICAR, dissented, and a clear “conflict of interest” has been voiced by members of the TEC, including many scientists opposed to GM crops.
The Mexican example
Two crucial facts have to be clearly understood. Brinjal is a food crop and any tampering with its genetic make up must not be attempted, unless and until a totally foolproof safety protocol is in place.
Unlike Bt cotton, where mishandling of the RNA-mediated genetic change could lead to Bt toxin percolating into human gut, through milk from cows fed with cotton cake obtained from Bt cotton, brinjal is a food crop of direct consumption. Any mishandling can lead to unforeseen consequences. Also, brinjal has its origin in the Indian subcontinent, and it is mandatory that no genetic manipulation of a crop be attempted in its geographic place of origin.
Both these core stipulations have been violated in the production of Bt brinjal.
It would be educative to take the example of Mexico. Despite tremendous pressure to introduce GM maize in Mexico, this small country has successfully resisted because the Andean region in Mexico is the place of origin of maize. New Delhi is blatantly violating this basic norm in the case of Bt brinjal.
Bangladesh released Bt brinjal on October 30, 2013. The Bangladesh Agricultural Research Institute (BARI) had endorsed the crop, despite opposition from farmers and environmental lawyers in Dhaka.
While a few farmers reported fairly good yields, many others said entire Bt brinjal fields had wilted ahead of time, akin to what happened with Bt cotton in India. Opposition is gathering storm, with the Bangladesh Paribesh Andolanat the forefront.
Many farmers have reported that Bt brinjal still needs insecticidal sprays to contain FSB, an observation made in India about Bt cotton in containing the dreaded American boll worm. Despite the government’s push to Bt brinjal, the debate over South Asia’s first commercially released genetically modified food crop is unlikely to die down any time soon.
Need for vigilance
India has to be very vigilant on two counts. First it must seal illegal cross-border trade in Bt brinjal seeds. When the government has failed to effectively seal the migration of illegal Bangladeshi refugees into West Bengal, sealing the border against movement of Bt brinjal seeds is wishful thinking.
The larger question is: Does India want to risk its large collection of native brinjal varieties to pollen contamination from Bt brinjal, and make everything uniform?
We have an array of brinjal, from the delicious and eye-catching gulle badnekai (round brinjal) of Karnataka to the slender kattirikkai of Tamil Nadu, both incomparable. Whether served as kattirikkai sambar or baingan ka bharta, brinjal is our national vegetable and any genetic tampering must be done only with extreme care. Incompetent handling of the messenger RNA-induced changes in the brinjal cell could unwittingly let the Bt toxin into the human gut. Do you want that?
The writer is a senior fellow of The Humboldt Foundation
(This article was published on December 11, 2014)
Related

Unshackle the bureaucracyTweet
Why amending the anti-graft law is crucial for efficient governance
The Coal Mines (Special Provisions) Bill has a notable feature, aimed at allowing government functionaries to work without fear while deciding on coal projects. It says that as long as government officials act “in good faith under this Act” they will be immune from prosecution. When placed in the right context, this provision is not as sweeping as it seems. Coming as it does after at least one senior Coal Ministry functionary in the UPA regime was implicated on decidedly flimsy grounds for favouring an industrial house, this legal assurance will help bureaucrats break out of their ‘play-safe-do-nothing’ mindset — one of the principal factors behind the ‘policy paralysis’ in the UPA. Power Minister Piyush Goyal’s statement in Parliament on this issue seems like a follow-up of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s assurance given in May that he would back bold, decisive decision-makers in government.
But what is just as important is that the proposed move, in a way, challenges a draconian provision in the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988 — namely, Section 13 1 (d), which implicates a public servant for criminal misconduct if he or she “obtains for himself or for any other person any valuable thing or pecuniary advantage without any public interest”. Many an honest bureaucrat has been harassed by this astonishingly vague law, prompting even former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to speak out against it and getting his government to work on an amendment. Singh had rightly argued that the law does not call for establishing guilty intent or mens rea on the part of the bribe-taker. This government should take Singh’s initiative to this rightful conclusion. Besides this law, the socio-political environment in recent times has also played a role in creating a climate of diffidence. The Right to Information Act, with the potential to point a flashlight at each stage of decision-making, posed a welcome challenge to the opacity to which the bureaucracy had grown accustomed; but with laws such as Section 13 1 (d) in place the chances of innocent individuals being trapped only increased. The Anna Hazare movement demanding the creation of a Lokpal added to the overall fear. The anti-establishment anger of 2011 was hardly conducive to a discussion on introduction of reasonable checks and balances.
One of the possible safeguards, as former Chief Economic Advisor Kaushik Basu rightly noted in his much-discussed paper on bribery, is to punish those who make wrong accusations. But, as Basu argues, “we cannot have an efficient market economy unless human beings are endowed with a minimal amount of integrity”. For that, we also need laws that reward, not disincentivise, both integrity and efficiency in the bureaucracy. With the coal and 2G scams still fresh in public memory, pushing reforms on this front would be a test of Prime Minister Modi’s political dexterity. In trying to get on with policymaking, he cannot be seen to be riding roughshod over civil society concerns. He should initiate a wider debate on what the ‘new normal’ in governance ought to be.
(This article was published on December 11, 2014)
Related

The Top 5 Business Books I Read This Yearreddit
I don't usually read a lot of business books. My primary reading time is right before bed, and reading books about business right before going to sleep not only doesn't feel right, but it also leads to weird dreams.
So my situation of choice for reading business books is strapped in to an airplane seat. On a business trip, preferably -- not on vacation! And fortunately for me, I had a lot of long flights this year, which led to my reading some truly inspirational books. So if you too want to be inspired about your work, your life and making a difference in this world, here's my recommended list:
1. The Virgin Way: Everything I Know about Leadership by Richard Branson
Well, what can I say? I just love this guy and his "screw it, just do it" attitude. Although I am not sure I would want to be his close friend or a family member -- he seems like a bit of a troublemaker! -- I certainly admire his vision and courage, and I laughed so hard at some parts of this book that I'm sure my plane-mates thought I was reading a comedy. Thanks, Richard.
2. The Diamond Cutter: The Buddha on Managing Your Business and Your Life by Geshe Michael Roach and Lama Christie McNally
This book qualified for bedtime reading, since it's deeply reflective and spiritual. A friend who is a shaman gave it to me, and I found it to be incredibly helpful in understanding how I might get in my own way sometimes. And, more importantly, what to do about it. If there is only one line you need to know from this book, it's this: "Money itself is created by maintaining a generous state of mind."
3. Conscious Capitalism: Liberating the Heroic Spirit of Business by John Mackey and Raj Sisodia
I read this in preparation for speaking at and attending the Conscious Capitalist CEO summit. It's a great, thoughtful book on the role of values, love, and purpose in business. And because it's reflective of so many hugely successful businesses, such as Mackey's company Whole Foods, it legitimizes a whole new way of doing business and leading.
4. How Google Works by Eric Schmidt and Jonathan Rosenberg
Being completely, shamelessly honest, I still need one more business trip plane ride to finish this one. But I will. We all kind of take Google for granted. It just IS. But after attending Google Zeitgeist and hearing cofounder and CEO Larry Page speak, I needed to know more. And my curiosity was rewarded by a very inspiring look at what it takes to succeed in this new world.
5. Working For Good: Making a Difference While Making a Living by Jeff Klein
Jeff Klein gave me this book over the summer and invited me to speak at the Conscious Capitalism Summit. And then he died -- suddenly, heartbreakingly, and too early. His death and his life are reminders to seize the day and make everything you do matter -- matter in the Big Way -- because you never know when it will be over. The work will never be done, but your life will be. So enjoy every moment and only do what you believe in.
For more from Maria Rodale, visit www.mariasfarmcountrykitchen.com
 
Follow Maria Rodale on Twitter: www.twitter.com/farmkitchenblog
More:

BMW and Mini car range price hiked by 5 per centMercedes- Benz posts record sales in India during 2014
BMW Group India has announced a price increase of up to 5 per cent across the BMW and Mini product range effective 1 January 2015.
Philipp von Sahr, President, BMW Group India said, “We want to maintain sustainable leadership in the Indian market. With the price increase, BMW Group will maintain its premium positioning in the Indian luxury car segment.”
BMW dealerships in India display the BMW 1 Series, the BMW 3 Series, the BMW 3 Series Gran Turismo, the BMW 5 Series, the BMW 7 Series, the BMW X1, the BMW X3 and the BMW X5 which are locally-produced at BMW Plant Chennai.
BMW dealerships also display the BMW 6 Series Gran Coupe, the BMW ActiveHybrid 7, the BMW X6, the BMW Z4, the BMW M3 Sedan, the BMW M4 Coupe, the BMW M5 Sedan and the BMW M6 Gran Coupe, which are available in the country as Completely Built-up Units.
The BMW 6 Series Individual and the BMW 7 Series can also be ordered as Completely Built-up Units.
In pic: BMW Mini.
The BMW Group will also introduce the BMW i8 in India in 2015.
Currently, BMW India has 37 sales outlets in the Indian market but says by end of 2015 will aggressively expand its dealer network by increasing the number of outlets to 50 across major metropolitan centers and emerging markets in India.
Post Comments
More from automobiles

CEO and creative director to leave GucciLast updated: December 12, 2014 5:49 pm
Chief executive and creative director to leave Gucci
By Rachel Sanderson in Milan
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0f7e5478-81cf-11e4-b9d0-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Haryana s caste divide shows up in Rohtak sisters controversyHaryana's caste divide shows up in Rohtak sisters controversy
Sukhdeep Kaur , Hindustan Times  Rohtak, December 11, 2014
First Published: 09:10 IST(11/12/2014) | Last Updated: 17:52 IST(12/12/2014)
Comments
The controversy behind the videos showing Rohtak sisters thrashing their "molesters" on a moving bus and in a park is refusing to die down and now the entire episode has taken caste overtones with non-Jat groups asking the Haryana government to reinstate the bravery award announced for the girls.
Pooja (L), 19, and Aarti, 22, at their home in the district of Sonepat. (AFP Photo)
The groups — Kabir Samaj, Ravidass Samaj, Sain Samaj, Jangra Samaj, Bairagi Samaj, Panchal Samaj, Kashyap Samaj, Kumhar Samaj, Dhiman Samaj, Teli Samaj and Jogi Samaj — have written to Haryana chief minister Manohar Lal Khattar threatening to launch a fast-unto-death protest if the CM fails to meet their demands within a week.
The groups have also demanded that "negative" publicity in the media against the girls — Aarti and Pooja — be banned.
The sisters belong to an Other Backward Class (OBC) community of Thana Khurd village in Sonepat.
The state government had announced earlier this month that it will honour the sisters at the Republic Day function and give an award of Rs. 31,000 each. It later decided to put the award and felicitation on hold .
The three men, who were beaten up by the sisters on a Haryana Roadways bus, were arrested and then released on bail while the bus driver and conductor were suspended and then later reinstated subject to internal inquiry.
Now, Harish Ahlawat, a Rohtak businessman, claims he saw one being 'filmed' at Rohtak's Tilyar lake complex when the sisters were allegedly thrashing and abusing a young man.
Ahlawat says he saw a boy filming a video about a month ago.
"The two sisters were hurling the choicest of expletives and thrashing a young man. I was with my wife and children. When I intervened and asked the boy why was he shooting a video of the girls, he threatened to fix me too. The young man whom they were fighting with told me later that they took away all the money from his wallet," he told HT.
New twist
While no witness has turned up in favour of the sisters after the video showing them taking on their "molesters" on a bus on November 28 went viral on social media, an "uncut" version of the bus video has now surfaced. It shows them asking a third girl, who allegedly filmed the incident, to return their phone.
A witness, Sonia Mittal, an MPhil student of Rohtak's Maharshi Dayanand University, too has claimed that Pooja gave her the phone to a girl to shoot the video in her affidavit and statement to the police. It contradicts the sisters' claim that the video was made by a woman on her mobile phone and sent to them through WhatsApp.
Mittal told HT, "The argument over the seat had ended and the boy had moved to the front area of the bus and there was complete silence for a few minutes. I heard Pooja telling a girl to help her by making a video."
"When the two sisters were hitting him, the boy jumped out when the bus slowed down. Pooja was holding him by his shirt and she, too, fell out of the bus with him. He pushed her to free himself but she ran after him and hit him with a stone. The boy then ran towards a sugarcane field. The girl who made the video got down before them," she added.
The sisters were showing the video to others soon after getting down from the bus at Kharkhauda, which was the last stop, Mittal said.
So far, nine witnesses have recorded their statements with the police.
Witnesses 'planted'
But the sisters and their lawyer, Attar Singh, rubbish the statements claiming the witnesses have been "planted".
"One of their witnesses is a relative of the main accused, Kuldeep, while one has not signed on his affidavit. Sonia Mittal has not given her address in the affidavit. Another witness, Naveen, has been shown travelling on the bus but his village does not even fall on that route. Our witnesses are being pressurised by social groups not to depose in the favour of the sisters," Singh claimed.
He also alleged the park video had been shot by a friend of the boy who was beaten up.
"It was made and uploaded by one of the boy's friends, who lives in Hansi, after the bus video went viral. The girls are not involved in its
recording. We have alerted the cyber cell of the police about it," Singh added.
Flanked by leaders of backward class and Dalit groups in the district court, Aarti and Pooja agree to share the bus video with the reporter but don't.
"They touched us and passed lewd comments. We will not tolerate this. Will you?" they ask.
A backward class leader, Virender Swami, says they are fighting for the "dignity of women".
With the case snowballing into a caste row, two Dalit witnesses from their village have also testified before the police in favour of the accused, Kuldeep, Mohit and Deepak. All the three men are from Asan village of Rohtak.
Moniya has in her affidavit claimed that she was travelling on the bus that day and saw no molestation taking place.
Sitting outside the Rohtak court with her father, Naresh, who claims to be a "personal singer" at the programmes of former Haryana CM Bhupinder Singh Hooda, she told HT, "The sisters told the boys that they beat up people like them everyday. Their language was very abusive. I came forward to give my version after seeing TV reports that they are being honoured," she said.
The other Dalit witness, Santosh, has deposed against them, though she was not travelling in the bus on that day.

Protest in House over Godse  BJP lawmaker regrets remarksProtest in Lok Sabha over Godse, BJP MP regrets remarks
By Indo Asian News Service | IANS India Private Limited/Yahoo India News –  Fri 12 Dec, 2014
Print
New Delhi: BJP MP Sakshi Maharaj Friday regretted in the Lok Sabha his remarks eulogizing Mahatma Gandhi's assassin Nathuram Godse after vociferous protests by the opposition.
The house was in uproar over the issue as soon as it met for the day until the MP from Unnao in Uttar Pradesh finally said: "I regret my remarks and take back my words."
The Congress earlier sought the suspension of the question hour but Speaker Sumitra Mahajan rejected the request.
Congress leader Mallikarjun Kharge said the killer of Mahatma Gandhi was being praised, "which is a serious matter".
Members of the opposition gathered near the speaker's podium and shouted "Hey Ram!" -- the last two words Gandhi uttered before he fell to the killer's bullets -- forcing the house to be adjourned for 10 minutes.
On Thursday, the issue had disrupted the Rajya Sabha.
Parliamentary Affairs Minister M. Venkaiah Naidu said the government did not associate itself with the remarks made by the Unnao MP and the concerned member was ready to apologize.
Soon after, Sakshi Maharaj said: "I take back my words. I have already taken back my words. I respect Bapu. They (opposition) don't have any issue, so they are creating an issue. I regret if some people have been hurt."
An unrelenting opposition insisted that he should apologize unconditionally.
"The entire nation is worried... He should render an unconditional apology," Kharge said.
After this, the MP said: "I regret my remarks and take back my words."
Recommend

Most manufacturing firms expect stable growth: FICCI-PwC surveyMajor investments likely in the next one year
New Delhi, December 12:  
Most companies in the manufacturing sector expect growth to be stable in the next one year, a new survey has found.
According to the Indian Manufacturing Barometer 2014 survey by FICCI and PwC released here on Friday, 55 per cent of the respondents expect to make major investments over the next 12 months and 49 per cent plan to add capacity.
For 45 per cent of the companies surveyed, research and development, new products or services introduction and facilities are the three priority areas of investment.
In last year’s Manufacturing Barometer survey, 6 per cent had expected their business revenues to decline and 20 per cent respondents had expected their industry’s revenue to decline.
Indian manufacturers also expect the Government to simplify export import policies and related documentation, rationalise the tax structure and implement Goods and Services Tax, the survey said, adding that modification of land acquisition rules, speedier clearances and licensing, and amendments to labour laws are factors companies believe will facilitate investments.
Bimal Tanna, Leader Industrial Manufacturing at PwC India, said, “With rising costs in other global manufacturing hubs such as China, there is an unparalleled opportunity for India to capture a significant share of the global manufacturing pie. Yet, the road ahead is not without challenges with several infrastructural and regulatory bottlenecks.”
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

Govt to check dumping of bulk drugs from ChinaGovt to check dumping of bulk drugs from China
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 12:  
Government will take steps to check import of bulk drugs from China, which is dumping the pharmaceutical ingredients in the country, a Union minister said today.
Minister of State for Fertilisers Hansraj Gangaram Ahir said there is tremendous scope for growth of pharma sector in India and the government believes in ‘Make in India’ principle.
He was speaking at the National Pharmaceuticals Conclave organised by CII here.
“China is challenge in front of us. We are aware that there is need for changes in policy .... It is dumping bulk drugs here. We will discuss and take necessary steps to check the imports of bulk drugs from China,” Ahir added.
The Minister also advocated for higher coordination between research institutes and industry adding, “Our students can challenge anyone in the world and thus we can be the leading manufacturers.”
A bulk drug or active pharmaceutical ingredient adds therapeutic effect to medicine.
Earlier, Union Fertilisers Minister Ananth Kumar had said that India is largely dependent on China for imports of drug ingredients of 12 essential drugs which are in the National List of Essential Medicines (NLEM).
Kumar had added that a Committee of Secretaries had already been constituted under the Chairmanship of Secretary, Department of Health Research to study and identify the active pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs) of critical importance.
Government had decided to work out a package of interventions and concessions required to build domestic production capabilities and examine the cost implication, Kumar added.
Meanwhile speaking at the same event, Pharmaceuticals Secretary V.K Subburaj said that government is soon to come up with Bulk Drugs policy that will have various concessions for all stakeholders of the pharmaceuticals sector.
The policy will have various concessions for all stakeholders of the pharmaceuticals sector so that it is put on the growth trajectory, Subburaj said.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

Just society Delhi rape has people questioning victims againprint
Students hold placards during an awareness campaign about safety of women in Bangalore. (AP Photo)
A 27-year-old woman was raped by the driver of app-based taxi service Uber last Friday as she travelled home from a party. While the attacker, Shiv Kumar Yadav, was arrested and sent to police custody till December 11, Uber is also under fire for flouting security norms. Uber has been barred from operating in Delhi as well as other cities in the country and an FIR has also been lodged against the company.
Reacting to the incident, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick said, "We will work with the government to establish clear background checks currently absent in their commercial transportation licensing programs." He seemed to hint that it was the Delhi government that faltered on the background check policies and not his company.
Sadly, we, as a society, have not changed much even after two years of the horrifying gangrape of the girl by six men aboard a moving bus on December 16, 2012. The society continues to question the victim. People then had posed questions like 'why did she have to go out so late in the night' and 'why did she board an empty bus'. And now, she is told: 'How dare she fall asleep when she knew she was in a car with a strange man in the dead of the night'. Such an attitude is the consequence of the anti-women mentality of our society.
In large parts of our country, if a girl is allowed to be born, she does not have an access to basic requirements like nutrition and education - not even within the financial parameters of her own family. The brother and the father get a preference because, unlike them, she does not need to go out and work. If she is lucky enough, she might be sent to school and college but she will not be allowed to work.
Women rarely seem to have any say in the major or minor decisions in their lives - be it her clothes, education, job or marriage. For every Farhan Akhtar (and his Mard campaign), there are at least a hundred Yadavs. We, the women, will be safer with a better mindset and not just pretentious Facebook posts and tweets.
Raped in public transport
In December 2012, when the Delhi bus gangrape case came to light, I had several heated discussions with my friends and family members. One of my cousins and a few other people told me, "Why was she travelling in an empty bus? Why was she even travelling at such a late hour? She should have been at home." And these included women.
Sexually assaulted or harassed at work
Four years ago, when a colleague was harassed at work, as a 'kid' in the office I sought to know what exactly could be done. Shockingly, I was told, "Why does she need to dress provocatively at work? Office is no place to flaunt your wardrobe. Why was she friendly with him if she didn't want sex?" Right, because men may flash all their Armanis in office, women do not have the right to dress as they want or behave like a normal human being and be friends with people around.
Raped at home
Almost a decade ago, a friend told me about being sexually assaulted by an uncle. When I tried talking to her relatives, her character was questioned and a conclusion drawn that she did not know her 'culture' and was 'asking' for it.
And now, raped in a fancy cab
Travelling in the ladies' coach of Delhi metro, I overheard a conversation where women were questioning the girl's 'ethics' and how being drunk and out on the streets on a winter night, the victim of the recent rape incident couldn't have expected anything else.
So, a woman shouldn't be educated and doesn't have the right to her share in the family--food or her father's property. And she does not have the assurance of safety even when she conforms to all norms of the society dictating her conduct and life. So, I guess, killing them even before they are born might be far better than not allowing them the freedom to live.
Unless we establish that the blame lies not with the victim but the attacker, the situation is not going to change. The question, raised yet again with the latest incident of rape, is not 'where was the police when the rape occurred', but 'where were we when the rapists were being brought up'? What are we doing to change the psychologies of men and women so violent crimes against women like rape do not happen over and over again?

Policy constraints mar Rs 5 lakh crore investment opportunity in fertiliser sectorPolicy constraints mar Rs 50,000 crore investment opportunity in fertiliser sector
Jyoti Mukul | New Delhi Dec 13, 2014 12:34 AM IST
India’s fertiliser sector offers Rs 52,000-crore investment opportunity, with Rs 50,000-crore investment potential in urea alone. But feedstock constraint and need for policy reforms in urea has seen a capacity increase of only two million tonne over the past nine years, that, too, through revamp of existing capacity.
In urea, there is a scope to invest in 10-12 million tonne capacity, which translates into an investment of around Rs 50,000 crore. For phosphatic fertilisers, too, India has the potential to add three to four million tonne of capacities to meet demand, which is a potential investment of Rs 2,000 crore, according to a White Paper presented at an industry meet.
“The hiccups over investments in new urea capacities would increase India’s import dependence from 23 per cent of requirement now to 30 per cent by 2017 with no new capacities except a coal-bed methane-based urea in West Bengal,” said CRISIL.
India currently imports a sizeable portion of its fertiliser requirements. The intensity of fertiliser use has increased 1.4 times from 1995-2004 to 2005-12, rising from 85 to 116 kg each hectare. Primary fertilisers of nitrogen, phosphorous and potassium hold major share in consumption.
If the rise in fertiliser use had been accompanied by balanced application of NPK fertilisers, crop yields would have increased much more, it said.
The import dependence is expected to exceed 10 million tonnes annually in financial year 2017. “Dependence on subsidy makes the sector unattractive as it impacts industry’s profitability and credit profile,” said Crisil. Besides, fertiliser makers are looking at another year of delayed subsidy payments from the government despite a higher subsidy of Rs 73,000 crore budgeted for this year. “While the special banking arrangement does partially ease working capital strain and also helps save on interest cost, the rise in interest costs has been relentless leading to deterioration in interest coverage ratios.”
The introduction of nutrient-based pricing has reduced the subsidy for phosphatic fertiliser manufacturers, for urea manufacturers, subsidy accounts for 70% of total realisations and they remain vulnerable to the risk of having to use more of the expensive regassified LNG even as the farm gate prices of urea are not cost-reflective.
With 70% of gas requirement of indigenous urea manufacturers being met from domestic gas, the increase in gas price from $4.2 per million British thermal unit to $5.6 would crank up its subsidy burden for urea. For every $1 increase in gas price, the government’s additional subsidy outgo is estimated at Rs 2,500 crore

Paul Reveres and Sam Adamss centuries-old time capsule unearthed in BostonBy Abby Phillip December 12, 2014 Follow @abbydphillip
Pamela Hatchfield, a conservator at the Boston’s Museum of Fine Arts, holds a time capsule she removed from the cornerstone of the Statehouse in Boston, Thursday, Dec. 11, 2014. (AP Photo/Stephan Savoia)
By the time the cigar-box sized plaster-covered container was pried out of the Massachusetts Statehouse cornerstone, it was getting dark outside.
Museum of Fine Arts preservationist Pamela Hatchfield had worked all day on Thursday, chipping and sawing away at the stone surrounding the 219-year-old treasure. Record show it was likely buried by two of the country’s most well-known historical figures, Paul Revere and then-Massachusetts governor (now beer) Sam Adams.
It was discovered during a water leak investigation at the historic building this week. And it may be the country’s oldest unopened time capsule, according to ABC News. 
Hatchfield, bundled up in a coat and warmed by a space heater, worked lying on her back with the large cornerstone, propped up by blocks of wood, hovering above her.
She didn’t want to risk turning the block upside down and disrupting the contents of the box. As she worked, small silver coins fell to the ground. 
After more than seven hours of labor, it was finally finished, and Hatchfield emerged with the green-tinted box smiling to a round of applause.
“I feel happy and relieved. And excited. And really interested to see what’s in this box,” Hatchfield said according to the Boston Globe.
Crews removed a time capsule dating back to 1795 on Thursday from the granite cornerstone of the Massachusetts Statehouse, where historians believe it was originally placed by Samuel Adams and Paul Revere. (AP)
The time capsule is believed to have been buried in 1795, and was unearthed one other time in 1855 during a renovation project, according to the Boston Herald. 
According to the Boston Globe, it was an “emergency renovation.” Silver coins were thrown in for “good luck” then; it is unclear what else might have been added or removed.
Its contents might also include Massachusetts Colony Records, newspapers, and an engraved silver plate, some items dating back to 1652, the Herald reported.
Water damage in that part of the building initially prompted crews to work in that area, which could be a sign of trouble for its contents.
“The cause of this whole effort is that there’s been a substantial water problem now for about 30 years in this corner, so there’s been additional deterioration,” said Massachusetts Secretary of State Bill Galvin, who has overseen the project along with MFA. “We know that in 1855 when it was restored that it was a very humid day.”
“We also have some notes that indicate they washed some of those contents in acid, which is of course a concern. So we don’t know how much has deteriorated over time,” he added, according to CBS Boston. 
In October, a 113-year old time capsule was removed from inside the lion statue in the Old State House building blocks away. It was inspected then eventually returned to its home.
The museum will perform an X-ray of the contents of this latest box of history. And according to ABC News, the public will have an opportunity to view its contents on display. This box is likely to also be placed back in its home, Galvin said.
“It will be opened probably sometime next week,” said Galvin according to the Globe. “Ultimately it will be put back in the box and ultimately back in the stone.”
Pamela Hatchfield, a conservator at the Boston’s Museum of Fine Arts, holds a time capsule she had just removed from the cornerstone of the Statehouse in Boston, Thursday, Dec. 11, 2014. Secretary of State William Galvin said the 200-year-old time capsule is believed to contain items such as old coins and newspapers, but the condition of the contents isn’t yet known. (AP Photo/Stephan Savoia)
Massachusetts officials work to remove a time capsule in the cornerstone of the Statehouse in Boston, Thursday, Dec. 11, 2014. Secretary of State William Galvin says the 200-year-old time capsule is believed to contain items such as old coins and newspapers, but the condition of the contents isn’t yet known. (AP Photo/Elise Amendola)
Pamela Hatchfield, center, a conservator at the Boston’s Museum of Fine Arts, works to remove a time capsule from the cornerstone of the Statehouse in Boston, Thursday, Dec. 11, 2014. Secretary of State William Galvin said the 200-year-old time capsule is believed to contain items such as old coins and newspapers, but the condition of the contents isn’t yet known. (AP Photo/Stephan Savoia)
Abby Phillip is a general assignment national reporter for the Washington Post. She can be reached at abby.phillip@washpost.com . On Twitter: @abbydphillip

5 Life Changing Tech Gifts for the Woman in Your Lifereddit
Welcome to the most wonderful time of the year! The hustle and bustle of the holiday season has everyone searching for the perfect gifts to give. So, what do you buy the woman who has everything? Here are five life changing tech gifts for the woman in your life.
Ringly
$195, image via Ringly.com
A stylish ring that alerts of important calls, messages and calendar items...what more could a well-connected, tech savvy woman want? Ringly, one of the newest brands to enter the world of wearable technology is a most wanted item this holiday season. Boasting high quality craftsmanship in 18K gold plated metal, precious and semi-precious gemstones and a companion app to customize alerts, Ringly is chic and functional.
Evernote Smart Notebook by Moleskine
$24.95, image via shop.moleskine.com
The Evernote Smart Notebook by Moleskine is an easy to use journal or sketch pad with a high tech spin. Once the user has completed making notes or sketching a design, they can take a photo of the page with the Evernote Page Camera and it becomes a digital document that can be saved, searched and shared.
Yellow Jacket Stun Gun Cell Phone Case
$149.99, image via yellowjacketcase.com
Looking for protection in a whole new way? Yellow Jacket is a stun gun hidden inside of an iPhone case. With two safety features to prevent accidental use, Yellow Jacket activates quickly when needed and has an external battery to charge the users phone.
emPOWERED Bag
$119, image via empoweredbag.com
A woman on the go will need to charge her phone on the go. If a stun gun concealed in a phone charger case is a little too bold, maybe emPOWERED bag - a charger concealed in a chic leather handbag - is more suitable. emPOWERED bag can carry all the essentials and keep devices - iPhone, android, digital cameras and more charged up and ready to go.
Clarisonic Smart Profile
$265, image via clarisonic.com
Well-known beauty brand, Clarisonic has developed an even smarter way to clean skin. The Smart Profile 4-Speed Face and Body System is more powerful, can alert when it is time to change brush heads and has SMART technology that interacts with smart enabled brush heads. SMART technology allows the device to adjust between a gentle cleanse and a deep cleanse automatically for the best possible experience.
Follow Leslie Chatman on Twitter: www.twitter.com/LeslieTypes
More:

Nifty drops 69 points on selling pressureNifty drops 69 points on selling pressure
Coal Mines Bill to help increase production: MorningstarCoal Mines Bill to help increase production: Morningstar
Saradha scam case: Mamata backs Madan Mitra  dares Modi to arrest herEmbarrassment mounted for West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee and her Trinamool Congress after the CBI arrested state transport and sports minister Madan Mitra in connection with the Saradha scam on Friday.    
 
He is the first minister of Bengal to be arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) in any case, and the fourth Trinamool leader to be held by the probe agency in the chit fund scam.
 
Accusing the Centre of adopting bullying tactics after Mitra’s arrest, Banerjee lashed out at Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) president Amit Shah and dared them to arrest her.
 
“CBI may take Madan to SSKM Hospital. I will go to meet him . Let me see whether Amit Shah’s goondas and Narendra Modi’s police can arrest me,” she said.
 
“It (the arrest) is unfortunate, shameful and deserves to be condemned. It’s sheer political vendetta. Can the CBI and the Centre go out of their jurisdiction and act like this?” she added.
 
The Saradha chit fund scam trail is hounding Banerjee’s government unlike any other challenge she has encountered during her stint in power so far and Mitra’s arrest triggered fresh calls from opposition leaders for her resignation.
 
Opposition parties have repeatedly accused the CM of trying to shield some of the beneficiaries of the company’s slush funds.
 
The Saradha scam was caused by the collapse of the investment operation of the Saradha Group, a consortium of over 200 private companies, which ran many unlicensed financial schemes in eastern India.
 
Under the scam hundreds of thousands of small investors lost Rs. 2,459 crore, according to an official estimate. There are unofficial estimates that peg the figure higher.
 
The CBI arrested Mitra around 4 pm after questioning him for about three hours during which he denied taking any money from Saradha, said an official privy to the development.
 
According to the official, who did not want to be named, Mitra stood his ground despite CBI officers confronting him with evidence.
 
“In the Saradha chit fund scam, RC 4 S/14, case relating to Saradha Realty, CBI has arrested Madan Mitra, a cabinet minister in the government of West Bengal on prima facie evidence of criminal conspiracy, cheating and misappropriation as well as deriving undue financial benefits from Saradha group,” said a CBI statement.
 
“CBI has also arrested Naresh Balodia, legal advisor to Sudipta Sen (Saradha Group chairperson) on charges of criminal conspiracy, cheating and diversion of funds in the same case,” the statement added.
 
Within an hour of the arrest, the Trinamool tore into Shah, who had launched a scathing attack on the Bengal CM last month, laying the foundation for the 2016 assembly elections in the state.
 
“The arrest of our cabinet colleague seems to be an act of vendetta. It appears CBI is controlled not only by BJP but also by Amit Shah. We strongly condemn this action. Neither the governor, nor the assembly speaker was informed before the arrest,” said Subrata Mukherjee, state panchayat minister.
 
The Supreme Court had in May ordered a CBI probe into the chit fund scams in West Bengal, Odisha and Assam under which various companies, including Saradha, allegedly duped investors of around Rs. 10,000 crore.
 
Two Rajya Sabha MPs (Kunal Ghosh, Srinjoy Bose) and a vice-president (Rajat Majumdar) of the Trinamool are already behind the bars in connection with the Saradha case.
 
The CM’s stated position is none from her party took any money from Saradha. She also points to the group’s operations having started during the Left rule, which she ended.
West Bengal Transport Minister Madan Mitra arrives at the CBI's office in Kolkata hours before his arrest. (Subhankar Chakraborty/HT photo)
Read: TMC is without political friends, fighting a lonely battle for staying in power
 
The group folded up in April last year, leaving its investors, largely from rural areas with little access to formal banking facilities, in the lurch.
 
The opposition mounted pressure on the CM after Mitra’s arrest.
 
“Madan Mitra’s arrest shows that Trinamool leaders are neck deep in Saradha scam, and the dots are leading to Mamata Banerjee’s doorstep. It’s time for her to resign taking moral responsibility,” said Sidharth Nath Singh, BJP national secretary.
 
State Congress president Adhir Chowdhury, too, demanded that the CM step down.
By any yardstick Mamata Banerjee is facing the worst point of her political life after coming in power in Bengal in May 2011. She is without friends at the centre. Worse, all the parties that she is approaching for alliances are declining.
Last month, both her former ally, Congress, and the the Left leaders rebuffed her when she said in the national capital that she is ready to tie up with any party (even with her bitter opponents like the Left) to fight communalism (read BJP).
"In 2011 when she tied up with Congress and swept into power in Bengal, she was at the zenith of her career. Within three years, she reached the lowest point. Her personal image, that of impeccable honesty, is gone. The popularity of the party is under a big question mark. And she now has the CBI on her trail, something that could be said about other regional party leaders, but not about Mamata earlier," said COngress leader Abdul Mannan.

CIA director admits  abhorrent  interrogation methods being usedprint
File photo: CIA director John Brennan testifies on Capitol Hill in Washington during his confirmation hearing before the Senate Intelligence Committee. (AP photo)
The CIA is not perfect, women and men working for it are not perfect, mistakes were made, some “abhorrent” interrogation methods were used, but it’s time to move on.
That in a nutshell was CIA director John Brennan at a rare news conference on Thursday defending the agency against a damning US senate report on its use of torture.
The CIA used waterboarding, walling, sleep deprivation and something called “rectal rehydration”, and grossly exaggerated its utility to the nation, the report said.
Brennan said the agency was unprepared for the detention and interrogation programme it started in the aftermath of 9/11, and it failed to establish clear operational guidelines.
In some cases, therefore, Brennan said, “Agency officers used interrogation techniques that had not been authorized, were abhorrent, and rightly should be repudiated by all”.
“And we fell short when it came to holding some officers accountable for their mistakes,” he added.
The director went to defend the use of the authorized Enhanced Interrogation Techniques, contextualizing it in the backdrop of the 9/11 attacks when the national “ached, cried and prayed”.
But he disputed the central finding of the senate report — which called “flawed” once again — that the agency got nothing useful from its detention and interrogation programme.
It did, he insisted, saying, enough to “thwart attack plans, capture terrorists, and save lives”. But did the relevant intel come from the use of enhanced interrogation methods?
“The cause and effect relationship between the use of EITs and useful information subsequently provided by the detainee is, in my view, unknowable.”
There were, however, instances of “inaccurate” representations about the programme, he said, acknowledging that finding of the report, and that is unacceptable.
But Brennan said he found it most frustrating that the senate report “conveys a broader view of the CIA and its officers as untrustworthy”. He added, “CIA’s legitimacy is closely tied to its credibility, and we can afford to lose neither.”
It is his fervent hope now, he ended, that “we can put aside this debate and move forward to focus on issues that are relevant to our current national security challenges”.

Rs 4479 crore in Indians  HSBC-list accounts: SIT on black money61
0
New Delhi In first major disclosure about money held in Swiss banks, government on Friday said Rs 4,479 crore is held in the accounts owned by Indians, who figured on the HSBC List, and the Income Tax Department has initiated action against 79 of such account holders.
Besides, the tax department and other agencies including Enforcement Directorate are probing cases involving unaccounted wealth totalling Rs 14,957.95 crore within India. In case of suspected black money abroad, the disclosure relates to a list of 628 Indians, who figured on a list of account holders in HSBC's Geneva branch that India had got from the French government.
Out of these, no balance has been found in case of 289 accounts, according to a report of the Special Investigation Team (SIT) on black money which was submitted to the Supreme Court.
The tax department and other agencies including Enforcement Directorate are probing cases involving unaccounted wealth totalling Rs 14,957.95 crore within India.
#black money #sit #hsbc #swiss bank
"Out of the 628 persons, 201 are either non-residents or non-traceable, leaving 427 persons cases as actionable cases," an official statement said while releasing "relevant portion of the second report of SIT on black money".
The amount involved in these cases is about Rs 4,479 crore. Of this, the Income Tax Department has finalised assessment for 79 entities involving more than 300 cases. "An amount of Rs 2,926 crore has been brought to tax towards the undisclosed balances in the accounts relating to these persons," the statement said, adding that taxes along with interest at applicable rates have been levied.
"Penalty proceedings under Income Tax Act, 1961 have been initiated in 46 cases. Such penalties have been levied in 3 cases so far. With regard to other assesses, proceedings are pending," it said.
The statement, however, did not disclose the names of the the account holders.
Prosecutions have been initiated in 6 cases for wilful attempts to evade taxes besides show cause notices have been issued in 10 others, it said.
"In other cases, necessary action is being expedited and substantial progress is expected in coming months," it added. Earlier in the day, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had said at a function here that proceedings in the cases related to the HSBC list will be completed by March 31, 2015.
While suggesting steps like curbs on cash transportation beyond a level and mandatory quoting of PAN for cash and cheque payments over Rs one lakh, the SIT has flagged off mining, ponzi schemes, iron ore exports, misuse of export- import route as major areas prone to black money transactions.
It also pointed out that 'Angadias', persons carry large amounts of cash while acting as 'money couriers' in Gujarat and Maharashtra especially, were playing a key role in transfer of unaccounted money.
Giving update on various cases, the statement said that Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) has furnished information in 31 cases of iron ore export, of which 11 parties have admitted to undervaluation and paid Rs 116.73 crore.
In other cases, show cause notices have been issued and action will be taken in accordance with law.
Besides, the Directorate of Enforcement is attaching property worth Rs 400 crore and has arrested a person in a case relating to mining in Odisha.
In Karnataka, three attachment orders have been passed for assets worth a total of Rs 995.97 crore. In several cases in Goa and Jharkhand, preliminary scrutiny and investigation is in progress in connection with illegal mining.
The report also pointed out that the ED is facing difficulties in taking coercive action in ponzi chit-fund cases due to a stay order by Kolkata High Court.
In one case in Jharkhand, provisional attachment orders for properties worth Rs 452.43 crore were passed while Rs 884.13 crore worth of assets have been attached in another mining case in Karnataka.
In a similar case in Andhra Pradesh, Rs 1093.10 crore worth assets have been attached.
Giving suggestions to check black money menace, SIT said PAN should be made mandatory in every transaction of over Rs 1 lakh, either by cash or cheque.
Citing examples of European countries, it said that there should be a limit on transportation and holding of cash. Government may consider reasonable threshold which could be Rs 10 lakh or Rs 15 lakh.
"This would control holding of unaccounted money to a large extent. This would also control transfer of unaccounted cash from one destination to other, which at present is rampant, may be Angadias or by other means," it said.
The SIT has also suggested setting up of an institutional mechanism to examine mismatch between export/import data with corresponding data of other countries on a quarterly basis to unearth black money.
Also, the shipping bills should include the international market price of goods and machinery sought to be exported. "This suggestion is under consideration and is likely to be implemented within short time," the statement said. The SIT also suggested that the tax evasion of Rs 50 lakh or more be made a 'predicate offence' so that action can be taken under Prevention of Money Laundering Act.
In case it is found that an individual or entity owns a property abroad in violation of the law, a provision should be made in the FEMA to provide for seizure and confiscation of property of equivalent value within the country.
Also, there should be a dynamic interaction between different stakeholders like reporting entities, Financial Intelligence Unit and law enforcement authorities.
In cases where ED has attached a property and there are income tax dues to be collected, the SIT said that the former should be open to recovering dues from the attached property.
It also suggested setting up of a central KYC registry to weed out use of multiple identities for financial transactions.
SIT said that at least five additional chief judicial magistrates courts should be set up in Mumbai to deal with 5000 pending IT prosecution cases.
358

Dahi handi  gets status of adventure sport in MaharashtraDec 12, 2014 at 07:20pm IST
'Dahi handi' gets status of adventure sport in Maharashtra
50
0
Nagpur: Maharashtra government has accorded 'Dahi Handi' festival the status of an 'adventure sport', in an effort to make it a safe activity and reduce the number of injuries associated with it.
"Celebrating Dahi handi festival with fervour has been a tradition of Maharashtra and we will continue to celebrate it in future as well, which is why we have decided to give it the status of an adventure sport," Education Minister Vinod Tawde told reporters.
"The status will ensure that rules will now be associated with this sport and people involved will have to abide by the rules. Our aim is to make this sport as safe as possible," Tawde said.
Tawde alleged that the previous government had announced to construct 24 such complexes but none has come up yet.
#maharashtra #dahi handi #maharashtra government #vinod tawde
The minister had also told the State Assembly about it earlier in the day.
He added that a total of four sports complexes will be built in Mumbai and Thane regions, where training will be imparted to those interested in taking part in the Dahi handi celebrations.
He alleged that the previous government had announced to construct 24 such complexes but none has come up yet. Observing that fatal accidents were taking place during Dahi handi festival, the Bombay High Court had on August 11 asked the state government to issue a circular banning participation of children below 18 years as 'Govindas', participants in the human pyramids, in the forthcoming 'Dahi Handi'.
The court also directed the State to restrict the height of human pyramids to 20 feet. The Supreme Court had subsequently stayed the High Court order and directed the state government to ensure compliance of the guidelines issued by the Maharashtra Commission for Protection of Child Rights.
Tawde also said that June 21 will be observed as 'International Yoga day' and the Maharashtra government will also observe the day accordingly to promote country's ancient physical exercise.
209

Congress averts government shutdowncongress averts government shutdown
Abbott completes purchase of Russian pharmaceutical companyAbbott completes purchase of Russian drug company
Abbott Labs
Abbott headquarters in North Chicago.
Abbott headquarters in North Chicago.
Mergers, Acquisitions and Takeovers
Abbott completes purchase of Russian pharmaceutical company
Abbott Laboratories said late Thursday it completed its $305 million acquisition of Veropharm, a leading Russian pharmaceutical company.
0
Lake County-based Abbott said in June it had reached a deal to buy Veropharm's holding company, Garden Hills, for $395 million to $495 million cash, plus assumption of about $136 million in debt. The final transaction price was determined by the percentage of Veropharm shares Garden Hills owned at the time of Abbott's purchase.
The medical products company said it funded the transaction with cash and expects the Russian arm to add about $150 million in sales in 2015.
In a bigger deal to satisfy its appetite for a stake in emerging markets, Abbott earlier this year acquired a Chilean generic pharmaceutical company. The purchase of CFR Pharmaceuticals closed in the third quarter for about $2.9 billion, plus assumption of about $430 million in debt.
Abbott, which spun off proprietary pharmaceuticals arm AbbVie in 2013, said it will also look to sell its European generic drugs business early next year.

Saradha scam: Madan Mitras arrest fixed at meeting between Amit Shah and CBI  says Trinamool CongressWritten by Sabyasachi Bandopadhyay | Kolkata |
Posted: December 13, 2014 5:02 am | Updated: December 13, 2014 10:59 am
Moments after the CBI arrested state Sports and Transport Minister Madan Mitra in the Saradha scam, Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee slammed the ruling BJP at the Centre, Prime Minister Narendra Modi and BJP president Amit Shah, saying the arrest was “a conspiracy to destroy democracy in the country”.
Also Read: Biman Bose asks Mamata Banerjee to be ready for CBI grilling 
Terming the arrest as “wrong, unconstitutional, undemocratic, unethical, destructive and illegal and an act of political vendetta ”, Mamata announced a huge rally that will be held in central Kolkata on Saturday to protest against the “CBI’s political move”.
“The arrest of Madan Mitra is unconstitutional and speaks of political vendetta. The BJP has thrown a challenge and we have accepted it. Tomorrow, I am going to visit Madan at SSKM Hospital. Let Narendra Modi’s police and Amit Shah’s goondas prevent me. They are destroying democracy. They are ruining the country. The present central government is now being controlled by the RSS and it is quite evident,’’ said Banerjee.
However, CBI sources said that Mitra would not be admitted to SSKM, as doctors have said that the minister was fine. Mitra would be produced before the court on Saturday.
The Trinamool Congress, which is weighing all options on whether a privilege motion could be moved in the state Assembly on the issue, will raise the same in the Parliament too.
Mamata said that by arresting Mitra, the CBI had transgressed all limits. “They have not informed the Assembly Speaker. They did not consult us. Madan is unwell and has several medical problems. The Centre has unleashed a reign of coercion. The CBI has become a political tool in the hands of the BJP. In fact, the Centre is now at the hands of the RSS,’’ she said.
Describing it as a conspiracy against her government, Mamata said the decision to arrest Mitra was taken during Amit Shah’s recent visit to Kolkata. “Shah is doing this keeping in mind the Kolkata Municipal Corporation elections next year. But I am telling you, it will all be in vain. Modi promised to bring back black money. What happened to the promise? Also, the arrest has hurt the sentiments of the people,” she added.
“Now, the CBI will take anybody it likes. I urge all parties who fight against the BJP to unite. If they are willing we can join them,’’ Mamata said.
Claiming that two days ago, Mitra had handed over his resignation letter to her, Mamata said: “I told him he will have to stay on as minister. I won’t accept his resignation. He is one of our ablest ministers. He is quite popular among players, as he had distributed lots continued…

BJP demonising 15 pc minorities to scare 85 pc Indians  says Nitish KumarBy: Press Trust of India |
Posted: December 12, 2014 8:22 pm
Slamming BJP for pursuing what he charged was a brand of “communal politics”, former Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar has said that the saffron party was trying to frighten 85 per cent of the people of India by demonising 15 per cent of the minority population.
The JD(U) leader, whose party is being partnered by RJD in Bihar, also said that the tie-up with the Lalu Yadav-led outfit would not change his “principles of good governance”.
Speaking on ‘Agenda Aaj Tak’, Kumar alluded to several controversial statements made by BJP leaders and the row over alleged forced conversions in Agra and said that the Narendra Modi government was working on the ground to divide society while talking up its development agenda in public.
“They (BJP) talk about their strength. What kind of strength is this that you frighten about 85 per cent of the people (Hindus) by raising the bogey of 15 per cent of minorities?
“They talk outwardly of ‘sabka saath, sabka vikas’ but are working on ground to divide society,” he said.
Kumar said there is no difference between RSS and BJP in its current “extremist” avatar, adding that the former was “marginalised” during the “moderate” Atal Bihari Vajpayee’s term as prime minister. Kumar had been a Cabinet minister in the Vajpayee government.
Kumar, who had resigned as Bihar Chief Minister following his party’s rout in Lok Sabha elections, said that the proposed merger of Janata Parivar offshoots was an attempt to strengthen the opposition. If the new outfit does well, then parties from other states can also join them, he added.
Meanwhile, admitting that people had preferred Modi’s agenda over his in the Lok Sabha elections, Kumar, however, said that the “manufactured aura” around the Modi government remains but will fade away in time.
The media and others will then think about the massive spending and the advertisement blitzkrieg which had driven
BJP’s campaign for Lok Sabha polls.
JD(U) had parted ways with BJP over Modi’s elevation as the NDA’s prime ministerial candidate.

Saradha probe leading to Mamatas doorstep: OppositionPosted: December 12, 2014 8:10 pm
 
As West Bengal Transport Minister Madan Mitra was arrested by CBI in connection with the multi-crore Saradha chit fund scam, the state BJP on Friday said the investigation is slowly leading to the doorstep of Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee.
Madan Mitra’s arrest showed that the TMC leadership was neck deep in the multi-crore scam, BJP national secretary Siddharth Nath Singh said.
“Mitra’s arrest shows that the TMC leadership is neck deep in the Saradha scam and the dots are leading to the Mamata Banerjee’s doorstep,” Singh informed.
“Mamata Banerjee while addressing a rally last year had said ‘Is Kunal a thief, Is Madan a thief, Is Srinjoy a thief, Is Mukul a thief, am I a thief? Now Kunal, Srinjoy and Madan are behind bars. It is Bhag Madan Bhag in 2014. It will be Bhag Mukul Bhag in 2015 and it will be Bhag Mamata Bhag in 2016,” Singh told a news channel later.
CPI(M) MP Mohammed Salim said, “Madan Mitra is not only a minister but is also a close aide of Mamata Banerjee. He was also a poster boy of TMC in organising goons and youths for rally.”
“Now the people of Bengal are getting impatient. They want more culprits in Saradha scam to be arrested. Saradha owner and TMC top leadership was operating as a joint venture in Bengal,” Salim Said.
Congress leader Abdul Mannan demanded that Mamata Banerjee give an explanation for Mitra’s arrest and resign.

Saradha chit fund scam: Mamata Banerjee calls Modi govt coward  says Madan Mitras arrest is illegalBy: Express News Service | Kolkata |
Posted: December 12, 2014 8:07 pm
West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee has reacted sharply on the arrest of Transport Minister Madan Mitra in connection with multi-crore Saradha chit fund scam on Friday.
Mamata said the arrest is illegal and dared the Centre govt to arrest her. “What happened is illegal and unconstitutional,” said Mamata
Mamata also said she is not accepting the resignation of Mitra. “Madan Mitra submitted his resignation letter, but I am not accepting it because his arrest is illegal,” she said.
The Trinamool chief lashed out at the Modi government saying “BJP government at the Centre is ‘coward’, acting like an ‘autocrat’.”
“I will go, visit Madan Mitra. Ask them to arrest with whatever police Narendra Modi, BJP president have got at their disposal,” said Banerjee.
Meanwhile, Leader of the Opposition in West Bengal Assembly Surjya Kanta Mishra demanded immediate questioning of Mamata Banerjee and others in the Saradha scam.
Mishra’s comment followed arrest of Madan Mitra by the CBI. “We will now hit the streets with this demand and demands for action against other ponzi companies as also refund of money to the cheated depositors,” Mishra said.

Heavy security put in place ahead of PM Narendra Modis rallies in J&KBy: Press Trust of India | Jammu |
Posted: December 12, 2014 8:06 pm
Heavy security arrangements have been put in place, ahead of the twin public rallies of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to be held on Saturday in Kathua and Rajouri districts.
“Tight security arrangements have been made for the twin rallies of prime minister in border districts of Kathua and Rajouri tomorrow”, a senior Police officer said.
The main venues at Sports Stadium in Kathua and New Bus Stand area in Rajouri have been sanitised and have been made out of bound for the public till Saturday’s rallies, he said.
The entry and exit points have been deployed with police checkpoints for monitoring incoming vehicles in the town and police is keep a round-the-clock vigilance in these areas.
The twin towns being close to Indo-Pak border, security grid of Army has been put on alert and VDCs also activated along the border line to mop up the vigilance.
Modi will address public rallies at Kathua and Rajouri on Saturday.
The Prime Minister had visited three times and addressed five rallies in Kishtwar, Udhampur, Poonch, Samba and Srinagar districts for campaigning for its party candidates in first, second and third phases of elections.

BJP leaders should maintain restraint: Amit ShahComments
The BJP president Amit Shah narrating on the six-month accomplishments of the Modi-led NDA was candid enough to affirm that there is only leader in the central government and the leader is the Prime Minister.
During his maiden visit to Chhattisgarh capital on Friday to give an impetus to the party’s ongoing membership drive, the BJP leader contended that the government is working effectively because there is only one leader as the Prime Minister (Narendra Modi). “And this is also leading to winning the people’s trust”, Shah asserted.
To a query on the BJP leaders' controversial remarks on religious conversions and Nathuram Godse, the assassin of Mahatma Gandhi, the BJP leader stated that the party leaders should maintain restraint when they speak. “Where ever needed the party will talk to its members and advise so as to ensure the atmosphere should not get vitiated”, he said.
    
He however advised all political parties to come to the BJP-led government with a proposal seeking the parliament to pass an anti-conversion law. 
The biggest achievement for the Modi-led government is that it is working as the effective government and there is no inconsistency or conflict within it. The entire secretariat is working together taking guidance from the prime minister.
“We will meet the target of 10 crore target of members by 31st March next year. So far we have already reached the figure of1.40 crore”, he told media persons.
On the Maoist menace, Shah, who is credited for his strategic abilities by the BJP, cited that there cannot be quick result to such problem. “Chhattisgarh has already gained a lot in its battle against the Maoists during the previous ten years and in the coming days the state will fight to the finish”, he said.
He denied that during the six month rule of the Modi-led government there is an increase in the incidents related to Maoists and terror attacks. “Compare any six months of the UPA with the Modi-government and assess it”, he said.

Malala Yousafzai bursts into tears seeing her blood-stained uniformCommuter rage, arson after suburban train services disrupted
The sight of blood-spattered school uniform she was wearing the day the Taliban shot her, made Pakistan’s teen Nobel laureate Malala Yousafzai burst into tears, prompting fellow awardee India’s Kailash Satyarthi to comfort her saying “you are so brave”.
The blue tunic, white headscarf and white trousers, stained brown by dried blood, are on display at an exhibition dedicated to the 17-year-old education campaigner and her fellow 2014 Nobel Peace Prize winner Kailash Satyarthi, which the activists jointly inaugurated in Oslo.
Kailash Satyarthi and Malala Yousafzai look at her blood stained school uniform at the opening of the Nobel Peace Prize exhibition at the Nobel Peace Center in Oslo. (AP)
As she was touring the exhibition yesterday, the sight of her blood-soaked school uniform, which were displayed in a glass case, made the global teen icon burst into tears, Norwegian news agency NTB reported.
Satyarthi, 60, comforted her with a hug and a kiss on her head. “You are so brave, you are so brave,” he told her.
Honouring Malala’s own wish, the uniform has been made part of the “Nobel Peace Prize exhibition 2014 – Malala and Kailash” at Norway.
This is the first time Malala’s uniform is being shown in public.
Uniform worn by Malala Yousafzai when she was shot by the Taliban gunmen. (AP)
The uniform has been kept by Malala’s family since she was shot in the head by a Taliban gunman in October 2012.
The bullet which hit Malala in the head went through her neck and lodged in the muscle above her shoulder blade. After the shooting she was moved to Birmingham in the UK for extensive surgery.
Nobel Peace Prize laureate Malala Yousafzai speaks at the Nobel Peace Prize Concert in Oslo. (Reuters)
On Wednesday, Malala became the youngest person ever to receive the Nobel Peace Prize.
Malala and Satyarthi were awarded the 2014 Nobel Peace Prize for their struggle against the suppression of children and young people and for the right of all children to education.
Post Comments
More from miscellaneous

Shah links Burdwan blast accused to TMC againCommuter rage, arson after suburban train services disrupted
Unfazed by the controversy over his earlier remarks, Bharatiya Janat Party (BJP) President Amit Shah today linked the Burdwan blast accused to Trinamool Congress and challenged the party chief Mamata Banerjee to say they are innocent.
“The accused in the Saradha scam and Burdwan blast are linked to TMC. The owner of the house where Burdwan blast took place is linked to TMC. The Sharada chit fund scam accused are also linked to TMC and many people including MPs have been arrested.
“If Mamataji feels it is CBI’s mischief, she should say that those arrested are innocent…If CBI is doing a political probe, let Mamataji just say in public that those arrested people are innocent,” Shah said speaking at ‘Agenda Aaj Tak’.
The BJP chief said he is a public leader and has made an allegation against the West Bengal Chief Minister’s party and it was upto her to come out and clarify on them.
“I have made an accusation against Mamata’s party and to come clear on that is Mamata’s work,” he said.
He also said BJP would never use CBI as a tool to meet its political ends which the Congress was doing all along, starting from the time of Indira Gandhi upto those of Manmohan Singh and Sonia Gandhi.
While addressing a rally in Kolkata on November 30, Shah had accused Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee of creating hurdles for a proper NIA probe into the Burdwan blast to shield her party leaders allegedly involved in the incident.
He also alleged that Saradha chit fund money was used in the October 2 Burdwan blast.
However, Minister of State in PMO Jitendra Singh, had in a written reply in Parliament, said CBI investigations have so far not revealed that Saradha chit fund money was used to finance terror in Bangladesh, contradicting BJP chief Amit Shah’s allegation of such a connection.
Post Comments
More from miscellaneous

Cat.a.lyst this weekcat.a.lyst this week
Mkts end in red  Sensex slides 300 ptsSave this video
Copy URL
It was a rough day for the markets as both Sensex and the Nifty ended in red. While Sensex cracks down 300 points, Infosys drags IT index down.
14

Spicejet ignores DGCA order againSave this video
Copy URL
Even after DGCA order for not booking tickets beyond one month, SpiceJet continues to book tickets overlooking the DGCA’s order.
49

Rs. 2 Cr Fine for Indian Fund Manager in USYou are here: Home Corporates
Indian Fund Manager Asked to Pay $390000 to Settle Charges
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 10, 2014 16:09 (IST)
Ashiana Housing To Enter Chennai, Kolkata; Eyes Pune
New York: An Indian portfolio manager has been ordered to forfeit over $300,000 to settle charges filed by the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) that she illegally tipped and traded on insider information concerning internet company Yahoo's earnings.
Reema Shah, 42, was ordered by the US District Court here to pay disgorgement of $388,807 plus prejudgement interest of $1,296 and was permanently enjoined from any future violations of federal securities laws.
Ms Shah had pleaded guilty in 2012 to securities fraud in a parallel civil insider trading case.
She was at the time a portfolio manager at an asset management firm that managed billions of dollars in mutual funds and a hedge fund.
The US regulator said that no penalty would be imposed in light of Ms Shah's sentence in the parallel criminal case and her cooperation.
In the parallel criminal action, Ms Shah was sentenced to two years of probation and ordered to forfeit $11,751 and pay a $500,000 criminal fine in October.
She has also consented to an order barring her from association with any investment adviser, broker, dealer, municipal securities dealer or transfer agent.
Manhattan's top federal prosecutor Preet Bharara had submitted in court that Ms Shah "provided extensive substantial assistance to the Government in the investigation and prosecution of other persons who committed federal offenses".
According to court documents, from at least January 2008 through July 2009, Yahoo executive Robert Kwok provided confidential information concerning Yahoo's quarterly earnings and potential business transactions with other companies to Ms Shah who then executed trades based on the inside information.
Ms Shah, however, began cooperating with investigators after federal agents approached her in 2009.
Assistant US Attorney Benjamin Naftalis said Ms Shah provided "important and useful" information about "criminal activities" at hedge fund giant SAC Capital that helped the government prosecute the Steven Cohen-led company.
In court papers, the government said that Ms Shah decided to "cooperate promptly" with the government and assisted "proactively" in the government's covert investigation into insider trading from 2009 to 2010.
At the direction of the FBI, Ms Shah secretly recorded "more than 700" telephone calls and meetings with other investment professionals whom the government suspected as being involved in illegal insider trading activities.
Ms Shah recorded conversations with more than 80 people and many of these recordings "captured incriminating statements" by investment professionals.
She also identified about two dozen investment managers, research analysts and consultants whom she believed had engaged in insider trading.
Story first published on: December 10, 2014 15:35 (IST)

Tata Motors Eyes Double Passenger Car SalesYou are here: Home Corporates
Tata Motors Aims to Double Passenger Car Sales Network by 2020
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 10, 2014 16:18 (IST)
Ashiana Housing To Enter Chennai, Kolkata; Eyes Pune
Udaipur: Tata Motors plans to almost double its dealer network in the country by 2020, targeting rural areas and cities alike, as the company looks to claw back to a dominant position in the Indian passenger car market.
The company, which currently has around 500 touch points across the country, aims to add equal number of dealerships to expand its presence.
"India is a hugely diverse country. There are around 6.5 villages, 3,000 towns with a population of more than 50,000 people and over 3,800 tehsils. We are trying to go as much near to the customers," Tata Motor's president for passenger vehicle business Mayank Pareek told PTI.
So, the company is embarking on expansion of the network across the length and width of the country, he added.
"By 2020 the passenger car market will touch 5 million units per annum mark. It will double from the current 2.5 million market. So, looking at that we also need to at least double our network by then," Mr Pareek said.
When asked about expansion in rural areas, Mr Pareek said: "In rural areas we need to expand more as there is upsurge in the market. Aspirations of people are growing as roads are getting connected."
For Tata Motors, rural sales currently account for around 15 per cent of total sales while some other players are getting as much as 30 per cent of their sales from rural areas, he added.
"Also there is a huge affinity towards Tata Motors brand in the smaller towns. We could leverage on that," Mr Pareek said.
Commenting on the new launches, Mr Pareek said: "Indian car market is growing. Earlier there used to be just A and B segments but look now we have so many segments. So there will be demand and we would need to bolster the existing portfolio as well as enter new segments."
He said soon to be launched compact car 'Bolt' would ensure the company's "re-entry into the hatchback segment".
After getting a good response to its compact sedan Zest, the company is all set to launch Bolt in the near future.
When asked about plans for the entry level Tata Nano, Mr Pareek said: "It is a relevant product for us and there are exciting possibilities." He, however, did not share further details.
With government all set to bring in mandatory crash testing norms for passenger cars, Mr Pareek said Tata Motors is ready to comply with the new norms.
Story first published on: December 10, 2014 16:13 (IST)

NMDC to Take Stake in Russian Potash MineYou are here: Home Market
NMDC to Take Stake in Russian Potash Mine
Reuters | Updated On: December 11, 2014 15:58 (IST)
Sensex Rises More Than 300 Points; Bank Nifty Hits Record
New Delhi: Indian mining company NMDC signed a memorandum of understanding with Akron to buy a stake in a potash mine in Russia, an official said on Thursday.
The transaction was one of a raft of deals signed after a summit meeting between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and President Vladimir Putin in New Delhi.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Do You Have Time for Changereddit
One of the things that amazes me as I look out my window and into the wooded hills and ravines surrounding my home is that every day, the view is different. The landscape changes. Buds unfurl into leaves. Leaves explode with color, wither and fall. Snow dusts my doorstep and wild turkeys peck at their reflection in the glass. Nothing stays the same for long.
That's true of nature and it's true of life. It's also becoming increasingly true due to technology, which has speeded up the pace of change to an almost dizzying degree.
Yet we spend an incredible amount of time trying to make things permanent!
Then, when the opportunity arises to spend time learning to adapt to change and even to embrace it, we say we don't have time!
There are many kinds of change. Incremental change. Sweeping change. Sudden, radical transformation. Some do take time, while others happen in a flash like lightning. In either case, time spent cultivating personal change and transformation is time well spent and wisely invested. Don't you agree?
Only through personal growth, self-improvement and exceptional inner knowledge can we learn to adapt to the new speed of change.
Ratanjit S. Sondhe is the founder and CEO of Discoverhelp, Inc ., a public speaker and the author of the new book, "How Oneness Changes Everything: Empowering Business Through 9 Universal Laws."
Follow Ratanjit S. Sondhe on Twitter: www.twitter.com/Ratanjit_Sondhe
More:

7-Step Checklist for Graduating Seniorsreddit
This blog post was written by Intern Queen Campus Ambassador Alexa Orr from Colorado State University.
Here we are, quickly approaching the very last semester of our undergraduate career. Usually, our main priorities would be to finalize our winter break plans and start thinking about some internships we want to apply for during the next semester. Today, we are coming to a quick realization that our lives as we know them are about to transform entirely.
In only five months, each of us will be handed the golden ticket to our future and take the last step off of campus and the first leap into the real world. While we know that this moment might be near, most of us are all wondering the same question: how will we get there? Here I have provided a fool-proof checklist for those of us who are looking for some structure for this next spring.
1.  Schedule a meeting with your graduation advisor: Recently, I had a friend go visit her counselor to schedule for her last semester. Unfortunately, she hadn't visited her counselor in a while and did not realize that she was off track and was told that she will need to take an extra semester to graduate. For some people this might not be *that* big of a deal, but for others it's a game-changer. It is absolutely crucial that you are familiar with your graduation requirements and are absolutely certain that you have crossed all of your t's and dotted all of your i's for your Bachelor's.
2.  Update all of your social media: When I say all of your social media, I mean every single possible site that has your real name and that may or may not show up when someone performs a Google search on you. While it is known that whatever you put on the internet lives forever, you can still do a little damage control before the job search. No employer wants to see a network full of red solo cups or that time you dressed us as a Burnett's bottle for Halloween. Take all of the photos that aren't safe for Grandma's eyes and put them elsewhere. Other things to consider removing: ridiculous Twitter handles or usernames, controversial posts that yielded heated debate and tagged photos you aren't proud of. It is likely that your future employer will search you, so think about what you want them to see.
3. Contact all of your references: While you should keep in contact with your references regularly anyway, this is a time that this communication is crucial. When contacting your references, use a warm greeting and start by reminding them who you are, how you know them and how wonderful it was to meet them or work for them. Afterwards, you may include something regarding your graduation and what type of employment you are seeking. Don't forget to close with a positive thought and all of your contact information. This communication will get you on their radar and maybe they can recommend you for that new position that was just posted at their company.
4. Update your resume and cover letter: For this step, it is advantageous to create a resume and cover letter that can act as a template for each position you are applying for. Instead of having to write a new letter every single time, you'll be able to use this template, saving you time and sanity. For your resume , make sure to take off anything that is older than three years and anything that is irrelevant to the position. That financial firm you're applying for has absolutely no interest in your two summers spent as a nanny. Additionally, it might be necessary to add and remove different things each time you apply for a new position. Look at the job description and use your experience to make your resume match the job description in every way possible. That being said, always be honest. Do not put anything on there that you did not actually do.
5. Plan one "last hurrah" with your best friends: In just a few months, all of you will be traveling all over the world for your very first real job positions. Often, it will be extremely difficult to schedule between multiple full-time job schedules so this might be your last chance to take a trip with them for a while. Whether you take a trip to your friend's cabin for a weekend in the mountains, or you decide to spend one last spring break in Cabo, you'll have the opportunity to make some memories before you're all grown up. Look on Groupon or Hotwire for group deals and save money by selling some of those old textbooks on your bookshelf. It's worth it , I swear.
6. Register for the right classes: This is your last chance to learn about something that might not be in your career path, but could be something you've always wanted to learn a little bit about. First, make sure you're signed up for the classes that you need to graduate, and then if you have an open space go ahead and sign up for that Fashion Design class you've always heard was fun. That being said, be careful that you don't sign up for a class that will stress you out, because senioritis is a real thing and the last thing you want is to worry about a class that doesn't count towards anything.
7. Make a dream list: Make a list of the top 25 companies that you would like to work for. In no particular order, list out each company along with a few reasons why you'd want to be a part of their team. This will give you an opportunity to really think about the reasons certain companies appeal to you. After making this list, develop an action plan on how you're going to conquer this list. It is important that you at least reach out to each and every one of these companies regarding open positions. No company is out of your reach if you're determined enough.
There you have it! A simple checklist for all of us young adults (sort of) panicking for what's to come. Yes, it might be scary. Yes, everything is going to change. But change is inevitable and it's important to approach this new change head-on. Every night spent in the library, every time you paid for gas with quarters, every 20-page paper, every horrible roommate, every ramen noodle dinner, every networking event you were forced to go to, every single instance lead to this. You've worked really hard for this moment and it's your responsibility to make the most of it.
It will all be okay, I promise. Good luck!
Follow Intern Queen Campus Ambassadors on Twitter: www.twitter.com/InternQueen
More:

With  national consensus   India can achieve 8-9 pc growth rate: Manmohan SinghIndia manufacturing activity expands to 2-year high as orders surge; PMI at 54.5 in Dec
India can achieve a growth rate of 8-9 per cent provided there is a “national consensus” on methods to take advantage of globalised world, said former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, whose tenure saw the economy registering three years of 9-plus growth rate.
“I think that even though many other emerging economies are not doing too well, India has an opportunity to move towards a growth rate of 6-7 per cent and thereafter to 8 per cent,” Singh said while delivering a lecture at Ficci.
He said the country is poised to take advantage of globalisation and engage in trade to finance its imports through exports.
“Today we cannot grow in isolation… India is well placed to take advantage of this situation provided we evolve a meaningful national consensus to move ahead,” he said.
Except for India, other emerging economies — like Brazil, Russia and South Africa — are not doing well, Singh said, adding the country is posed for a 8-9 per cent growth.
“We are working towards a growth rate of 8-9 per cent. There are opportunities, there are risks. India is currently at least poised to create a milieu in which the growth story of India can be another worthwhile chapter in the evolving global economies,” he said.
Indian economy was growing at over 9 per cent for three years before it was impacted by the global financial crisis of 2008. The growth rate fell to sub-5 per cent in two consecutive fiscals — 2012-13 and 2013-14.
In the current fiscal, the government estimates the growth to be between 5.4-5.9 per cent.
Singh said a meaningful solution to India’s problems of poverty, ignorance and diseases can be found only in the framework of rapidly expanding economy.
“There is a broad consensus that we need a growth rate of 8-9 per cent to create 10-12 million jobs every year if we have to conquer unemployment within our life-time,” he said.
Post Comments
More from economy

Essar stocks take a tumble on Street  crack 7%You are here: Home > Collections > Stocks
Essar stocks fall; group signs pacts with Russian firms
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 12, 2014, 04.00PM IST
Tags:
Essar Group
(Shares of Essar group companies…)
NEW DELHI: Shares of Essar group companies plunged over 7 per cent in intraday trade on Friday even as Russian Bank VTB said that it will provide up to $1 billion credit to Essar Group for its corporate and project needs.
In a separate agreement, Rosneft agreed to supply oil and oil products to Essar refineries in India in a deal valued at $10 billion. Rosneft would supply 10 million tons of crude to Essar for 10 years beginning 2015.
Essar Oil Ltd fell as much as 3.04 per cent in intraday trade.
Other Essar group stocks like Essar Ports Ltd also took a beating. Essar Securitues Ltd plunged as much as 7.09 per cent in intraday trade.
The agreement to this effect was signed by Essar co-founder Shashi Ruia and VTB Chairman Andrey Kostin in presence of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Russian President Vladmir Putin on Thursday.
The MoU "envisages finance arrangement of $1 billion to Essar by VTB for general corporate purpose," an official statement said here.
The deal is intended to finance the continued consolidation of certain assets in Essar Group's investment portfolio and the strengthening of their capital structure.
Essar Group has diversified interests in oil exploration and production, steel production, power and shipping. Essar Energy has increased its refining capacity to 741,000 barrels per day from 260,000 barrels per day, which included expansion and upgradation of it Vadinar refinery. The financing deal with VTB is intended to finance the continued consolidation of assets in Essar Group's investment portfolio and strengthening of their capital structure. This agreement follows the $ 1.2 billion transaction arranged in first half of 2014 by VTB Capital, which acted as financial adviser and financier for the company in delisting Essar Energy from the London Stock Exchange.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex sheds 251 points | Top 5 reasons | RIL plunges below 900You are here: Home > Collections
Nifty posts biggest weekly loss since July
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 12, 2014, 05.07PM IST
Tags:
GAIL
(The broader NSE index closed…)
MUMBAI: NSE index fell for a fifth session in six on Friday to post its worst weekly loss since July as oil explorers continued to slump after Brent crude prices slipped to below $63 a barrel.
The broader NSE index closed down 0.83 per cent at 8,224.1. For the week it lost 3.7 per cent for its worst weekly performance since mid-July.
The benchmark Sensex slumped by 251.33 points to end at 27,350.68 and logged its worst weekly drop in three years
Shares of Gail (India) fell 4.5 per cent, while Oil and Natural Gas Corp and Reliance Industries Ltd slipped 3.28 per cent and 2.54 per cent, respectively.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Despite ban  1.50 lakh registrations for Redmi Note!Hi Guest
Despite ban, 1.50 lakh registrations for Redmi Note!
Chinese smartphone maker Xiaomi has suspended its sales in India following directions of the Delhi High Court, restraining sales of its products. "We have been committed to continue our sales of Redmi Note and Redmi 1S devices in India. In the last two days alone, we received over 1.50 lakh registrations for Redmi Note on (e-commerce site) Flipkart and the momentum has been terrific," Xiaomi VP Hugo Barra said in a post on a social networking site. However, following the order passed by the ...

Yoga Day: Ramdev hails Modi s role behind UN decisionBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 12, 2014 5:40 pm | Updated: December 12, 2014 5:46 pm
With UN designating June 21 as the International Yoga Day, yoga guru Ramdev on Friday said that while credit goes to Prime Minister Narendra Modi for championing the initiative leading to the declaration, one must not forget the contribution made by sages and seers to the discipline.
“No prime minister (before Modi) talked about yoga on the global stage. It was Modi ji who ran the campaign for an International Yoga Day and garnered support of 177 countries. This is the first time that a proposal in the UN received the support of 177 countries with not even a single country opposing it.
“Modi ji and his government are completely given credit for this but, socially and spiritually, there are several great men (‘mahapurush’) who worked hard for yoga education and they should also be recognised,” Ramdev told reporters here.
Less than three months after Modi mooted the proposal, the UN General Assembly has adopted an India-led resolution for declaring June 21 as ‘International Day of Yoga’ as it recognised that “Yoga provides a holistic approach to health and well-being”.
Asked about the idea of introducing yoga education in schools, Ramdev said Modi had discussed the same with him before he had become prime minister even as he added that he was committed to spreading yoga in the fields of education, health, etc.
Meanwhile, slamming the opposition over the issue of black money, Ramdev said, “They (opposition) don’t have any issues left with which to oppose Modi ji. We have waited for 66 years; Modi, whose government has not even completed a year, should be given time. I don’t have any doubt as to his promise in this regard and, so, he should be given a chance.”
Asked about the alleged conversions in Agra, Ramdev said that our main religion is “Indian” and that is our main culture as well.
“Our religion can be different, but our ancestors are not different. I want that there should be a country-wide campaign to educate people that our religion can be different but our ancestors are similar and we should live unitedly,” he said.

LG to increase exports from India to 15% in ...LG to increase exports from India to 15% in 2 years
PTI Dec 12, 2014, 05.09PM IST
Tags:
LCD/LED
(The company is also considering…)
NEW DELHI: South Korean electronics major LG is aiming to increase exports from its Indian operations to about 15 per cent over the next two years.
Currently, about 10 per cent of LG products manufactured in India are exported to 80 countries of South-East Asia, South Africa, Middle East and South American regions.
"Within next two years, the export contribution would go up to 15 per cent of the total production of the Indian unit," LG Electronics India Managing Director Soon Kwon told PTI.
The company would increase exports of products like refrigerators, washing machines and LCD/LED TV as well as other categories, he added.
The company's wholly-owned subsidiary LG Electronics India had a turnover of Rs 16,000 crore last year. India is among the top five markets globally for the South Korean firm.
"Every year, our export business is growing. Around 10 per cent of our business in India is coming from our export business," Kwon said, adding that LG is "probably the largest exporter of consumer electronics from India".
Currently, LG India manufactures around 90 per cent of its products locally.
"LG India is localised in terms of manufacturing and manpower. In terms of the localisation of business, none of the MNCs has higher local contribution than LG," said Kwon who was accorded as "Man of Electronics Award" by Consumer Electronics and Appliances Manufacturers Association.
The company is also considering manufacturing panels for LCD/LED TVs here, he said, but declined to give any timeframe saying that LG is still studying the market .
"I can not disclose any plans for that but we will have to do some day... We have studied panel manufacturing in China, this year, we have opened a factory in Brazil... It depends how the panel market evolves," said Kwon.
On being asked about the response of LG's global products such as Ultra HD here, he said: "India is still in a very minimal stage yet. We are looking over all business potential of the future. Within next 2-3 years you will see lots of models in 4K high definition TVs".
On the domestic market, he said that the growth in demand from the rural segment is higher than the developed metro markets.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mahindra First Choice Wheels eyes 35% sales ...Mahindra First Choice Wheels eyes 35% sales growth in 2015
By PTI | 12 Dec, 2014, 06.01PM IST
Tweet
Giving a break of the sales so far in the year, he said 70,000 units have been sold by the company via physical outlets while 80,000 units have been sold using online platform.
NEW DELHI: Mahindra First Choice Wheels, the multi-brand pre-owned cars business of the Mahindra group , expects its sales to grow by 35 per cent next year on the back of various factors including network expansion and introduction of new products in the online space.
The company, which currently has a network of 400 outlets across the country, expects to close the current year with sales of over 1.5 lakh pre-owned vehicles, both online and offline.
"We are quite bullish on the growth aspect as we have been growing in the range of 35 per cent. Going ahead, we should grow roughly in the same way," Mahindra & Mahindra President (Group HR, Corporate Services and After-Market) Rajeev Dubey told reporters here.
He added that pre-owned car business in India is poised for growth in the coming years.
The company, which today inaugurated its 400th franchise outlet, aims to open 200 more such shops next year.
"We will close the current year with 500 outlets and by next-year end we aim to touch the 700 mark," Dubey said adding that the company is getting an excellent response from B and C categories towns.
Giving a break of the sales so far in the year, he said 70,000 units have been sold by the company via physical outlets while 80,000 units have been sold using online platform.
"We have recently launched seven innovative products which are simple standalone tool that solve many challenges for every kind of stakeholder including consumers, dealers, financiers, leasing companies and manufacturers," Mahindra First Choice Wheels CEO Nagendra Palle said.
The Indian pre-owned market is estimated to be around 32 lakh units per annum with just around 17 per cent of the market falling under the organised sector.
Mahindra First Choice Wheels has a  market share of around 5 per cent of the organised pre-owned car business currently

Incorrect map of India on Google websites: GovtIncorrect map of India on Google websites: Govt
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 12, 2014 06:00 PM IST
Survey of India has found out that Google is displaying incorrect map of India on its different websites, the government today said.
In a written reply to a question in the Lok Sabha, Minister of State in the Information and Broadcasting Ministry Rajyavardhan Rathore said that after complaints regarding display of incorrect map were received, Survey of India had looked in to the matter.
"On receipt of complaints regarding display of incorrect map of India by Google, Survey of India found that Google is displaying incorrect map of India on its different websites namely www.Google.Co.In (India), www.Ditu.Google.Co.Ch (China), www.Google.Pk (Pakistan) and www.Google.Org(General).
He further said that displaying incorrect map of India is an offence under section 69-A of Information Technology Act, 2000.
Accordingly, matter was taken up by the Survey of India with Ministry of Communication and Information Technology, Ministry of Home Affairs and Ministry of Defence in a letter dated May 16, 2013 for necessary preventive or legal action at their end, the Minister said in his reply.
"Nodal officer has been appointed by the Survey of India to deal with such complaints," the Minister added.
In a written reply to another question, Rathore said that the grant of registration to Tamil Nadu Arasu Cable TV Corporation Limited as MSO in DAS notified areas is linked with the formulation of policy based on TRAI recommendations.
Rathore also informed the Lok Sabha that TRAI had in its recommendations dated November 12, 2008 recommended that Government entities should not be allowed to enter into business of broadcasting and or distribution of TV channels.
"Examination of all recommendations as part of policy making is a continuous process that is undertaken from time to time," Rathore said.

Retail inflation slips to new low of 4.38 pct; analysts invoke base effectIndia manufacturing activity expands to 2-year high as orders surge; PMI at 54.5 in Dec
Cheaper food items helped retail inflation drop to a fresh low of 4.38 per cent in November — the fifth consecutive month of decline — a development that can strengthen the case for interest rate cut by the RBI.
This is the lowest level of Consumer Price Index (CPI) based inflation since the government started computing the new series of data in January 2012. It stood at 5.52 per cent in October 2014, while same was over double the current level at 11.16 per cent in November 2013.
The food inflation also came down to 3.14 per cent in November as against 5.59 per cent in the previous month.
Retail prices of vegetables declined by 10.9 per cent as against a decline of 1.45 per cent in October, according to the data released by the Ministry of Statistics and Programme Implementation today.
Price rise in fruits slowed to 13.74 per cent from 17.49 per cent in October.
However, the rate of inflation in protein-rich items like eggs, fish and meat was at 6.48 per cent in November, slightly higher from 6.34 per cent in the previous month.
The Reserve Bank in the recent past has focussed on retail inflation while deciding its monetary policy, but there have been no rate cut for many months.
RBI has been targeting a retail inflation of 8 per cent by March 2015 and 6 per cent by January 2016.
In its monetary policy review earlier this month, the Reserve Bank kept its key repo rate unchanged at 8 per cent and cash reserve ratio (CRR) at 4 per cent.
“…if the current inflation momentum and changes in inflationary expectations continue, and fiscal developments are encouraging, a change in the monetary policy stance is likely early next year, including outside the policy review cycle,” RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan had said.
COMMENTARY
R. SIVAKUMAR, HEAD OF FIXED INCOME, AXIS ASSET MANAGEMENT, MUMBAI
“A significant part of this (easing inflation) is on account of the base effect, and we should see that reverse and expect inflation within the next three months to go back to about the 5.5 percent range.
“We don’t see any immediate change in the RBI’s stance based on what I see today.”
BILL ADAMS, SENIOR INTERNATIONAL ECONOMIST, PNC FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP
“Paralleling global developments, a decline in oil prices and downward pressure on commodity prices generally is cooling Indian inflation, as are the more favourable base comparisons between late 2014 and the highly inflationary period of late 2013.
“Although Indian industrial production weakened in October, the trend for the economy continues to be stronger; 2014 is on track to be the best year for Indian electricity output growth since 1989.
“Looking to 2015, India should be a big winner from the global decline in energy prices, which will support consumer spending power, dampen inflation, and provide the Reserve Bank of India with room to loosen monetary policy.
“Indian real GDP growth should accelerate above 6.0 percent in 2015.”
ANUBHUTI SAHAY, ECONOMIST, STANDARD CHARTERED BANK, MUMBAI
“The IIP (industrial output) print was much worse than expected, and we last saw such bad prints back in October 2011.
“Some of the negative impact is likely to fade from next month onwards. However muted activity in the industrial sector is unlikely to provide a big push. We expect a rate cut in February 2015.”
SHIVOM CHAKRABARTI, SENIOR ECONOMIST, HDFC BANK, NEW DELHI
“The IIP (industrial output) was shocking, I think there’s probably a one-off factor. Overall, it does highlight the fact that growth is still weak and inflation pressures are falling.
“It does put more pressure on the RBI to cut rates but I think given guidance RBI has provided, it would be prudent for it to wait at least until February and at least until the budget to take a decision.”
Post Comments
More from economy

More than 16 million children live in states where they can buy e-cigs legallyBy Lena H. Sun December 12, 2014 Follow @bylenasun
Chloe Lamb smokes an electronic cigarette on Sept. 6, 2013, in Miami. (Joe Raedle/Getty Images)
More than 16 million children age 17 and under live in the District of Columbia and 10 states that allow them to buy e-cigarettes legally, according to a report released Thursday by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
The 10 states are Maine, Massachusetts, Michigan, Montana, Nevada, New Mexico, North Dakota, Oregon, Pennsylvania and Texas. The 40 other states have laws banning the sale of e-cigarettes and other devices, such as electronic cigars, to minors.
Public health officials have warned about the dangers of e-cigarettes for youths. CDC officials have said that calls to poison centers involving e-cigarettes have surged in recent years. Last year, the CDC reported a dramatic increase i n the number of high school students who said they had tried e-cigarettes, including some who had never smoked.
The latest data from the National Youth Tobacco Survey showed 4.5 percent of all high school students and 1.1 percent of all middle school students had used e-cigarettes within the past 30 days in 2013.
"We know e-cigarettes are not safe for youth," said Tim McAfee, director of the CDC's Office on Smoking and Health.
The CDC data is based on information obtained from its tobacco tracking system as of Nov. 30, 2014.
The Food and Drug Administration announced in April that it intended for the first time to regulate the booming market of electronic cigarettes, as well as an array of other products such as cigars, pipe tobacco and hookahs. The move would begin to place restrictions on e-cigarettes, a nearly $2 billion industry that for years has operated outside the reach of federal regulators. If adopted, the government’s plan would force manufacturers to curb sales to minors, stop handing out free samples, place health warning labels on their products and disclose the ingredients. Makers of e-cigarettes also would be banned from making health-related claims without scientific evidence.
The FDA’s proposal stops short of broader restrictions sought by many ­tobacco-control advocates. Regulators at this point are not seeking to halt online sales of e-cigarettes, curb television advertising, or ban the use of flavorings such as watermelon, grape soda and piña colada — all tactics that critics say are aimed at attracting young smokers and that have been banned for traditional cigarettes.
The FDA proposed rule must undergo several steps before becoming final. The CDC report Thursday noted that the regulation does not address the use of e-cigarettes in public places. The report also said federal law allows states and localities to adopt or enforce more stringent requirements.
E-cigarettes vary from brand to brand, but they generally resemble the size and shape of traditional cigarettes. Instead of burning tobacco, the battery-powered devices heat up flavored, nicotine-laced liquid, turning it into a vapor that the user inhales, or “vapes.” Supporters say that makes e-cigarettes an attractive alternative to their ­cancer-causing tobacco counterparts.
(CDC)

BJP demonising 15 pc minorities to scare 85 pc Indians  says NitishKumarBy: Press Trust of India |
Posted: December 12, 2014 8:22 pm
Slamming BJP for pursuing what he charged was a brand of “communal politics”, former Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar has said that the saffron party was trying to frighten 85 per cent of the people of India by demonising 15 per cent of the minority population.
The JD(U) leader, whose party is being partnered by RJD in Bihar, also said that the tie-up with the Lalu Yadav-led outfit would not change his “principles of good governance”.
Speaking on ‘Agenda Aaj Tak’, Kumar alluded to several controversial statements made by BJP leaders and the row over alleged forced conversions in Agra and said that the Narendra Modi government was working on the ground to divide society while talking up its development agenda in public.
“They (BJP) talk about their strength. What kind of strength is this that you frighten about 85 per cent of the people (Hindus) by raising the bogey of 15 per cent of minorities?
“They talk outwardly of ‘sabka saath, sabka vikas’ but are working on ground to divide society,” he said.
Kumar said there is no difference between RSS and BJP in its current “extremist” avatar, adding that the former was “marginalised” during the “moderate” Atal Bihari Vajpayee’s term as prime minister. Kumar had been a Cabinet minister in the Vajpayee government.
Kumar, who had resigned as Bihar Chief Minister following his party’s rout in Lok Sabha elections, said that the proposed merger of Janata Parivar offshoots was an attempt to strengthen the opposition. If the new outfit does well, then parties from other states can also join them, he added.
Meanwhile, admitting that people had preferred Modi’s agenda over his in the Lok Sabha elections, Kumar, however, said that the “manufactured aura” around the Modi government remains but will fade away in time.
The media and others will then think about the massive spending and the advertisement blitzkrieg which had driven
BJP’s campaign for Lok Sabha polls.
JD(U) had parted ways with BJP over Modi’s elevation as the NDA’s prime ministerial candidate.

Saradha probe leading to Mamatas doorstep:OppositionPosted: December 12, 2014 8:10 pm
 
As West Bengal Transport Minister Madan Mitra was arrested by CBI in connection with the multi-crore Saradha chit fund scam, the state BJP on Friday said the investigation is slowly leading to the doorstep of Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee.
Madan Mitra’s arrest showed that the TMC leadership was neck deep in the multi-crore scam, BJP national secretary Siddharth Nath Singh said.
“Mitra’s arrest shows that the TMC leadership is neck deep in the Saradha scam and the dots are leading to the Mamata Banerjee’s doorstep,” Singh informed.
“Mamata Banerjee while addressing a rally last year had said ‘Is Kunal a thief, Is Madan a thief, Is Srinjoy a thief, Is Mukul a thief, am I a thief? Now Kunal, Srinjoy and Madan are behind bars. It is Bhag Madan Bhag in 2014. It will be Bhag Mukul Bhag in 2015 and it will be Bhag Mamata Bhag in 2016,” Singh told a news channel later.
CPI(M) MP Mohammed Salim said, “Madan Mitra is not only a minister but is also a close aide of Mamata Banerjee. He was also a poster boy of TMC in organising goons and youths for rally.”
“Now the people of Bengal are getting impatient. They want more culprits in Saradha scam to be arrested. Saradha owner and TMC top leadership was operating as a joint venture in Bengal,” Salim Said.
Congress leader Abdul Mannan demanded that Mamata Banerjee give an explanation for Mitra’s arrest and resign.

Maha govt orders probe against Ajit PawarCommuter rage, arson after suburban train services disrupted
Three top Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) leaders including former Maharashtra Chief Minister Ajit Pawar will face ‘open inquiries’ by the state’s Anti-Corruption Bureau(ACB) in connection with alleged corruption charges.
Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis gave the go-ahead to the ACB for the probe against Pawar and state NCP president Sunil Tatkare in connection with alleged corruption and irregularities in execution of various irrigation projects during their tenure as Water Resource Ministers.
The Chief Minister also gave his approval to ACB’s proposal to conduct an open inquiry into allegations of corruption and favouritism against former Public Works Department(PWD) Minister Chhagan Bhujbal in construction of Maharashtra Sadan in New Delhi and two other government buildings in Mumbai built under Private Public Partnership.
The government has also ordered probe against irrigation department officials and contractors responsible for alleged irregularities.
“I have been authorised by Chief Minister of Maharashtra to state that he has cleared open inquiries by ACB against Ajit Pawar, Sunil Tatkare and Chhagan Bhujbal,” Advocate General Sunil Manohar told the Nagpur bench of the Bombay High Court today.
Manohar said Fadnavis had asked the ACB to go ahead with the probe against the three top NCP leaders in the alleged scams in which several thousand crores of rupees were suspected to be siphoned off with the connivance of greedy contractors and pliant officials.
A division bench of the court comprising Justices Bhushan Gavai and V M Deshpande recorded his statement and disposed of PILs demanding investigation.
“When big-wigs are being probed along with officials and contractors, there is no point in keeping these petitions pending,” the court observed while making it clear that petitioners can always approach it again, if they are not satisfied with the inquiry.
The ACB had proposed open inquiries against Pawar and Tatkare in the irrigation scam, and Bhujbal in the Maharashtra Sadan scam.
Reacting to the government’s decision, Ajit Pawar said he had no issues over the probe and that “truth will come out”.
“It’s their (BJP’s) government. So they are free to do what they want. We do not have any problem with it. Truth will come out when the enquiry is done,” Pawar said.
Tatkare said NCP had been “clean” from day one and that they will extend “complete support” to the investigative agency.
The 43-day-old Fadnavis government no longer needs NCP’s outside support for survival after Shiv Sena joined the government, giving the new dispensation a complete majority in the Assembly.
However, Fadnavis said he had given the nod for probe almost a fortnight before Sena joined the government on December 5.
“The proposal(for probe) had come to us and we had sanctioned it earlier and the same thing we told the court as well,” he told reporters.
Post Comments
More from miscellaneous

Chicago sees potential gold in hosting China trade summit.Chicago sees potential gold in hosting China trade summit
In three-day summit, Chicago hopes to plant seeds for growth to China
'It's good for the Chinese to see the industrial heartland of the U.S.' former Treasury official says.
Chicago's continuing push for a bigger slice of trade with China will kick into high gear Tuesday when top negotiators from Washington and Beijing fly in for bilateral talks aimed at easing the flow of cross-border commerce.
While the main show at the U.S.-China Joint Commission of Commerce and Trade summit will be negotiations Thursday among Chinese Vice Premier Wang Yang, U.S. Commerce Secretary Penny Pritzker and U.S. Trade Representative Michael Froman, Chicago will play host to an array of ancillary events aimed at promoting the city as a welcoming place to do business.
Tribune Graphics
This is the second time in 25 years that a U.S. session of the annual summit will be held outside Washington, D.C. — not the first, as announced earlier this year. Still, landing the event is a coup for the city, one that Mayor Rahm Emanuel is attempting to mine for opportunities. In the intense race for Chinese investment, Illinois lags states on both coasts and some in the Sun Belt, ranking No. 10, according to data from Rhodium Group, a research firm that tracks Chinese investment in the U.S.
"Increasing opportunities for trade between Chicago businesses and their Chinese counterparts is critical to the continued growth of our city's economy," Emanuel said in an emailed statement.
World Business Chicago, the nonprofit business development agency that Emanuel heads, declined to disclose the cost of hosting the summit, which runs Tuesday through Thursday. World Business said the entire cost will be covered by corporate sponsors.
At least 10 business agreements, some involving Chicago companies, are expected to be signed during a ceremony Wednesday morning hosted by World Business.
8
The agency then will host a luncheon to highlight Chicago's economic partnership agreements signed with eight Chinese cities last year. The dining room on the 30th floor of a skyscraper along Millennium Park will afford sweeping skyline views to China's vice mayors and economic development officials from those eight cities and visiting Chinese business leaders.
In the evening, Emanuel will host a dinner at the Art Institute of Chicago for the full Chinese delegation and its American counterparts — an estimated 300 people in all. Visitors will include representatives from more than 100 Chinese companies.
On Thursday, as Wang, Pritzker and Froman hunker down for talks at the 25th annual session of the summit, World Business Chicago will escort Chinese municipal officials to local businesses for sessions on key regional business sectors, including manufacturing, tourism and infrastructure. The city hosted a delegation from those cities last June as well.
0
Chicago's full-court press comes as China's economic growth, while slowing, continues to outpace much of the globe. Its swift rise to become the world's No. 2 economy has created myriad business opportunities internationally but also raised a host of concerns, from the human rights track record of its authoritarian government to the loss of U.S. manufacturing jobs to Chinese factories.
A study unveiled Thursday by the Economic Policy Institute estimates America's trade deficit with China has cost 3.2 million U.S. jobs, including 132,500 in Illinois, since China joined the World Trade Organization in 2001. Illinois ranked No. 4 in job loss, according to the institute, which gets support from a coalition of U.S. manufacturers and the United Steelworkers.
Pritzker said manufacturing job growth has returned to robust levels in recent months, noting that 28,000 factory jobs were added in November, compared with an average of 15,000 per month over the last year.
"For the first time in decades, manufacturing payrolls are increasing and manufacturing output is increasing," she said. Growth in exports is helping fuel the revival, she said.
Chinese investors will have huge sums to invest overseas in the next decade — as much as $3 trillion, according to an estimate by Liang Xinjun, CEO of Shanghai-based Fosun Group, a privately held insurance and investment conglomerate that is investing in food companies, luxury brands, entertainment companies and real estate worldwide.
"More and more countries, they really welcome capital from China," he told U.S. journalists at a recent National Press Foundation fellowship program in Shanghai. As well, the Chinese central government has liberalized regulations for outbound investment. Emanuel wants Chicago to grab a larger share of that investment.
And there is a regional push to encourage corporations to sell more goods overseas, including to China's fast-growing middle class. These steps are seen as critical as the region aims to rev up its economy and gain stature on the world stage.
"Consumption in China will be the main driving power of the global economy in the future," Liang said, noting Chinese consumers are buying more than 25 percent of autos worldwide and 29 percent of luxury goods.
The summit schedule also includes a roster of programs aimed at boosting nationwide commercial connections with China. The panels, open to business people as well as government officials, will focus on bilateral investment, food safety, tourism cooperation and excess manufacturing capacity.
Pritzker said the idea grew out of discussions she had last year with Wang and Froman. The goal is to reinvigorate the summit by engaging the private sector.
"We said, 'Let's shake it up a bit.'"
These sessions precede the meat-and-potatoes talks Thursday, which are the primary forum for discussion of bilateral trade and investment issues. Talks will touch on intellectual property rights, agriculture, pharmaceuticals and medical devices, information technology, travel and tourism, regulatory practices and treatment of foreign investors, among other topics, Pritzker said.
Building tourism connections will get significant attention, she said, given President Barack Obama's announcement last month of reciprocal 10-year visas for tourists and business travelers.
Chicago began seriously wooing China during former Mayor Richard Daley's administration. He visited China five times, hosted former Chinese President Hu Jintao in 2011 and introduced Chinese language instruction in the Chicago Public Schools.
While Hu's visit drew protests three years ago, no protest plans had surfaced as of late last week. Marty Maloney, spokesman for Chicago Police Department, declined to give details on security provisions for the event, but said officers would be ready as they have been in recent protests.
"The Chicago Police Department will work with the lead agencies to ensure a safe event, as we always do," Maloney said in an email Thursday. "And as you have seen over the past couple weeks, CPD will always protect residents' right to free speech and peaceful assembly."
The CPS Chinese language program, which serves 8,000 students, is among 100 such programs operated nationwide by the Confucius Institute. The institute, backed by the Chinese government, is encountering criticism that its classes avoid controversial subjects such as the Tiananmen Square massacre in 1989. The University of Chicago severed its relationship with the institute in September.

Change laws  put cash curbs to check black money menace:SITPosted: December 12, 2014 8:30 pm | Updated: December 12, 2014 8:34 pm
 
In suggestions with far-reaching implications, the SIT on black money has recommended amendment of laws to provide for confiscation of domestic property of those with illicit assets abroad and making tax evasion of over Rs 50 lakh a ‘predicate offence’ taking it as a serious crime.
Constituted on the orders of the Supreme Court, the SIT’s second report to the court made 13 recommendations including making PAN mandatory for all cash and cheque transactions above Rs 1 lakh and imposing a threshold of Rs 10-15 lakh on holding and transporting cash to check unaccounted money to a large extent.
The Special Investigation Team (SIT) also flagged existence of black money in mining, ponzi scheme and iron ore exports as well as money couriers, called ‘Angadias’, dealing in huge sums of money outside the banking system.
The SIT said that making tax evasion of Rs 50 lakh or more a ‘predicate offence’ would allow necessary action under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA).
“This would control holding of unaccounted money to a large extent. This would also control transfer of unaccounted cash from one destination to other, which at present is rampant, may be Angadias or by other means,” it said.
The SIT has also suggested setting up of an institutional mechanism to examine mismatch between export/import data with corresponding data of other countries on a quarterly basis to unearth black money.
In case it is found that an individual or entity owns a property abroad in violation of the law, a provision should be made in the FEMA to provide for seizure and confiscation of property of equivalent value within the country.
It also recommended establishment of a central KYC (Know Your Customer) registry to deal with the problem of multiple identities of an individual in financial transactions.
In its suggestions to check black money menace, the SIT cited the examples of European countries to say that there should be a limit on transportation and holding of cash, as per portions of the report released by the government on Friday.
Also, the shipping bills should include the international market price of goods and machinery sought to be exported. “This suggestion is under consideration and is likely to be implemented within short time,” the SIT said.
Besides, there should be a dynamic interaction between different stakeholders like reporting entities, Financial Intelligence Unit and law enforcement authorities.
In cases where ED has attached a property and there are income tax dues to be collected, the SIT said that the former should be open to recovering dues from the attached property.
It also suggested setting up of a central KYC registry to weed out use of multiple identities for financial transactions.
SIT said that at least five additional chief judicial magistrates courts should be set up in Mumbai to deal with 5000 pending IT prosecution cases.
The SIT, which comprises former Supreme Court judges M B Shah continued…

All London Airspace Closed Due to Technical FailureAn Instgram user posted this photo on Dec. 12, 2014 with the caption, "All planes queued up on the runway at #heathrow #NATS #failure #airtrafficcontrol #breakingnews #gutted."
@benhall202/Instagram
Share
Copy
A "technical problem" at an air traffic control center more than 100 miles away from Heathrow temporarily grounded some planes at all London airports.
In a statement, NATS, Britain's national air traffic body, said the system had "been restored and we are in the process of returning to normal operations."

Oil linked to every market: Prooil linked to every market: pro
BJP links blast accused to Mamata s TMC againCommuter rage, arson after suburban train services disrupted
Unfazed by the controversy over his earlier remarks, Bharatiya Janat Party (BJP) President Amit Shah today linked the Burdwan blast accused to Trinamool Congress and challenged the party chief Mamata Banerjee to say they are innocent.
“The accused in the Saradha scam and Burdwan blast are linked to TMC. The owner of the house where Burdwan blast took place is linked to TMC. The Sharada chit fund scam accused are also linked to TMC and many people including MPs have been arrested.
“If Mamataji feels it is CBI’s mischief, she should say that those arrested are innocent…If CBI is doing a political probe, let Mamataji just say in public that those arrested people are innocent,” Shah said speaking at ‘Agenda Aaj Tak’.
The BJP chief said he is a public leader and has made an allegation against the West Bengal Chief Minister’s party and it was upto her to come out and clarify on them.
“I have made an accusation against Mamata’s party and to come clear on that is Mamata’s work,” he said.
He also said BJP would never use CBI as a tool to meet its political ends which the Congress was doing all along, starting from the time of Indira Gandhi upto those of Manmohan Singh and Sonia Gandhi.
While addressing a rally in Kolkata on November 30, Shah had accused Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee of creating hurdles for a proper NIA probe into the Burdwan blast to shield her party leaders allegedly involved in the incident.
He also alleged that Saradha chit fund money was used in the October 2 Burdwan blast.
However, Minister of State in PMO Jitendra Singh, had in a written reply in Parliament, said CBI investigations have so far not revealed that Saradha chit fund money was used to finance terror in Bangladesh, contradicting BJP chief Amit Shah’s allegation of such a connection.
Post Comments
More from miscellaneous

HIV/AIDS Bill: time to push the anti-discrimination buttonHIV/AIDS Bill: time to push the anti-discrimination button
PT Jyothi Datta
Tweet
Not just HIV, the bill can work as a grievance mechanism for all health matters: Anand Grover, co-founder, Lawyers Collective
Earlier this year, the HIV/AIDS Bill (2014) was introduced in the Rajya Sabha, although under a different Government.
In its final avatar, the Human Immunodeficiency Virus and Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome (Prevention and Control) Bill (2014) sets out to prevent discrimination against people living with HIV/AIDS when it comes to employment or access to medical services, for instance.
A stand-out feature of the Bill is its proposal for an ombudsman (a public advocate) to look into complaints on violations of the proposed law.
“Not just HIV, but it can work as a grievance mechanism for all health matters,” says Anand Grover, co-founder, Lawyers Collective (LC). But, “it needs to have the power and independence to work,” he adds.
Legal protection
The Bill has been in the works for about seven years, caught in different levels of the corridors of power. Finally though, discussions on the Bill seem to be re-ignited, under a different dispensation at the Centre.
This anti-discrimination Bill, if implemented, can protect people like Arvind*, a driver with a food company. His work environment abruptly turned sour after a routine blood test found him to be HIV-positive.
Overnight, Arvind was asked to sit idle, despite being fit to work. The repeated humiliation led him to resign.
Arvind’s wife recounts how the employer told her harshly that no help would be extended to them. Their three children are grown-up, but the incident has disrupted the family as Arvind now sits at home distraught and his wife takes on small jobs as a cook.
The Bill is relevant, and more so today, says Grover. There is still fear among vulnerable groups of people and they need protection under a law, he adds. Pregnant women, for instance, are denied medical support to deliver their baby, because they are HIV-positive, he points out.
HIV/AIDS spreads through unprotected intercourse, unsafe blood transfusions and from an infected mother. In fact, transmission to the child is almost completely prevented by giving three drugs to pregnant HIV positive women to bring down their viral load, says Alaka Deshpande, a veteran and former director at JJ Hospital’s Centre for HIV/AIDS management.
In a case, 17 years ago, the Bombay High Court ruled that a person’s employment cannot be terminated if he is qualified for the job, does not pose a risk to others and is medically fit to work, explains Nitu Sanadhya, LC senior legal officer (HIV/AIDS unit). But the discrimination continues.
In the last 11 months, LC received eight employment discrimination cases, three from the government sector and five private. “These are the people who came to our office for advice, I have not included the number of people who just call and seek our advice,” she says.
Fear of pre-employment HIV testing in private companies, where candidates are rejected when the management comes to know of their HIV status, discourages people with HIV/AIDS to apply even if they are suitable and qualified. This causes them a lot of trauma, she says.
Pressure tactics
As for employees, they are forced to resign using pressure tactics (humiliated, sidelined, made to sit separately from other staff, transfered to a remote place, disclosure of HIV status to other staff, etc), she observes.
Countering employers’ argument that it is their right to take a call on who to employ, Sanadhya reiterates that it’s legally wrong to discriminate if a person is qualified, medically fit and does not pose a risk. Desphande adds that hospitals, too, routinely test patients for HIV/AIDS, irrespective of the patients’ ailment, possibly for doctors to take more protection.
But that should not be used to discharge a patient without treatment, she says.
India has over 20 lakh people living with HIV/AIDS, though it is reporting a 57 per cent annual decrease in new infections. And even as the Bill proposes penalties and imprisonment to tackle discrimination, Grover says, “What we want is a change in attitude and orders that are effective.”
(*Name changed to protect the employee)
(This article was published on November 28, 2014)
Related

The mental health of your child is no longer a soft issueThe mental health of your child is no longer a soft issue
Navadha Pandey
Tweet
Ramesh Sharma The pressure of academic performance notwithstanding, there is peer behaviour, interpersonal communication, sexual awareness and relationship issues. All of all of this comes together in a potent mix of stress that leads to depression and mental health problems in children
All affiliates to hire at least one full-time student counsellor: CBSE
Teena Baruah, mother of a six-year-old studying in Apeejay School, Delhi, has started a WhatsApp group to stay in touch with mothers of other kids in her daughter’s class. “There are so many issues plaguing school children that we have to be constantly in touch with each other and discuss solutions to problems that they face these days,” says Baruah.
The “issues” that she alludes to are way more complex than what her generation had to deal with as kids.
Student counsellor
Besides the pressure of academic performance, there’s peer behaviour, interpersonal communication, sexual awareness and relationship issues. And all of this comes together in a potent mix of stress that leads to depression and mental health problems in children. In fact, in emotionally-charged situations, it could even drive a child to contemplate suicide.
The situation makes a compelling case for student counsellors in schools. In fact, it has been about 18 months since the CBSE, the largest school board in India, directed all affiliates to hire at least one full-time counsellor.
But, schools in India still fall woefully short on such support staff. “Although the CBSE’s step is in the right direction, it seems like eyewash due to the sheer number of counsellors that schools need these days. While people are taking up counselling as a profession, there is just too big a gap between supply and demand of counsellors,” says Reena Gupta, a certified educational therapist who works with several reputed schools.
Communication
Industry body Assocham, in a recent survey of 3,200 Delhi-NCR schools, found that a meagre three per cent of the private schools in the area have counsellors.
“There is definitely a rise in the number of kids going to psychologists. Stress keeps building up from a younger age and explodes around 15-16,” she adds.
In fact, 16-year-old Madhura Dasgupta says, “I fear that if I get 95 per cent marks in class 12, I still may not get my choice of college. I am also part of the cultural society in school because marks alone are not enough in this age of competition. Then there are relationship issues too. Sometimes we just want somebody to listen to us.”
Baruah points out that counselling among students facilitates better communication. “Very often the kid is unable to express his feelings to his parents, so the role of a counsellor becomes very important,” she says.
Quality and confidentiality
Apart from a shortage of good hands, the professional standard of counsellors is also a problem. There are not enough quality courses for those interested in this field and anyone with a certificate is eligible to become a counsellor, claims Gupta.
A student at a reputed school in South India had an unfortunate incident when the counsellor at his school, whom he confided in, discussed his problems with colleagues and the word got out.
“My child was shattered as his trust was violated. He left the school and I wrote a long letter to the Principal about this,” said the student’s mother, who did not wish to be named.
“Mental health among children is considered a soft issue in India with not much research happening locally. There is only Western research that we follow without adapting or tweaking it for the Indian set up. Our cultures are different hence our solutions also need to be different,” Gupta explains.
(This article was published on November 28, 2014)
Related

Terminating the camps  the targets  the incentivesTerminating the camps, the targets, the incentives
VAIBHAO AMBHORE
SAROJINI N
VAIBHAO AMBHORE
Targeted family welfare programmes continue in the country, driven by an obsession to bring down the Total Fertility Rate
The prevailing anxiety over population growth and the resulting coercive population control measures target women, particularly those poor and underprivileged, be it through sterilisations, incentives and disincentives or the two-child norm.
Fertility rate
Targeted family welfare programmes continue in different states across the country driven by an obsession to bring down the Total Fertility Rate. In states like Madhya Pradesh, Bihar, Chhattisgarh, Rajasthan and Uttar Pradesh, sterilisation ‘camps’ are often conducted in schools, abandoned buildings, make-shift camps with poor quality services leading to high morbidity rates including mortality. Health providers in parts of India confess that they are under pressure to fulfil unwritten targets coming from the top. A tubectomy has been trivialised and is not treated as a surgery that requires standard pre-operative and post-operative care. As a result, there is severe compromise on the quality of care provided during these surgeries in sterilisation camps, putting the health and lives of women at risk.
Systemic failure
The tragic death of 13 women and the critical condition of 30 others during the recent sterilisation ‘camps’ in Chhattisgarh’s Bilaspur district is yet another case of systemic failure at multiple levels — a consequence of insensitive population policies and the callousness of the public health system. To put the incident in perspective, it is important to understand the budget approval process for population policies in India.
In the Programme Implementation Plan of Chhattisgarh 2014-2015, the “target” for female sterilisations was 1.5 lakh and male sterilisation was 8,000, which was to be completed in six months i.e. between October 2014 and March 2015. Such pressing targets have consequences in camps such as the one in Bilaspur where 83 women were operated in five hours in complete violation of Supreme Court Orders (2005 and 2012) and Ministry of Health guidelines (2008) for sterilisation camps.
As per court orders and government guidelines, a surgeon can perform only 10 operations in a day and a maximum of 30 operations can be conducted with three surgeons.
It is important to keep in mind that these operations are not urgent and are elective. In the Bilaspur camp, all these guidelines were violated with impunity and the doctors involved have violated basic medical norms ruthlessly.
Ground realities
In this context, several policy matters and systemic issues need to be addressed to rid undue emphasis on female sterilisation by Family Welfare programmes. The state still focuses on permanent methods of contraception rather than provide safe temporary contraceptives facilitated through better access.
In addition, the two-child norm significantly contributes to the pressures to sterilise.
The public health system, in many parts of the country, is dismal; non-availability of doctors, lack of health personnel and medicines plague it.
Despite years of planning and allocating money for the improvement of the health system, under reproductive and child health, under the NRHM, and despite years of so-called technical support to improve health management, there are no improvements at the ground level.
Yet this collapsing public health system, where women rarely receive primary and reproductive care, is used as a vehicle for promoting population ‘control.’ This entire Bilaspur episode makes it imperative to critically examine existing population policies and schemes.
(The writers are working with Sama-Resource Group for Women and Health, Delhi and Jan Swasthya Abhiyan)
(This article was published on November 28, 2014)
Related

Eye-care: wash your hands before you touch your lensesTweet
Beware of the infection your contact lenses expose you to. Each year, Americans visit the doctor nearly a million times for eye infections, resulting in direct health care costs of $175 million, says the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), in a first-of-its kind study.
Keratitis, an infection of the cornea, causes pain and inflammation and can lead to blindness in severe cases. And wearing contact lenses is the largest single risk factor for developing the infection, the CDC says, after having analysed national databases of outpatient care centres and emergency rooms.
Age factor
Women were slightly more likely to be affected than men, accounting for 63 per cent of office visits and about 55 per cent of emergency room visits, the study found. The condition was relatively even across age groups.
“The infection is most likely to occur when contact lenses are worn too long or are not cared for correctly. Wearing contact lenses overnight, not cleaning and replacing storage cases frequently and exposing contact lenses to water are some of the key behaviours that increased the risk for keratitis,” it added. You could prevent eye infections, the CDC said, by washing hands with soap and water and drying well before touching contact lenses; taking contacts out before bed, showering or swimming and rubbing and rinsing contacts in disinfecting solution each time they are removed, among other things.
Source: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, US
(This article was published on November 28, 2014)
Related

Who invented the computer Walter Isaacson thinks he knows0
"Ada looked at the punch cards and she applied that to a concept of a friend of hers, Charles Babbage, who was making a numerical calculator that used punch cards to do numbers. And what Ada wrote in a published scientific essay — which was somewhat unusual for women to be published in scientific journals — she wrote that with the punch cards this calculating machine could do more than numbers. It could do music. It could do anything that could be noted in symbols. It could do words. It could do patterns. It could do art. In other words, she came up with the idea of a general-purpose computer."
She even gave an example of step-by-step instructions, including loops like modern programmers use, of how one would use the punch cards to make a machine to do a specific task. It was the first computer program.
Huh. Interesting.
But who really invented the computer?
In Isaacson's opinion, Alan Turing, the British mathematician, who led the team that built the Enigma machine, doesn't qualify because its sole purpose was to break the Nazi war codes. Its reason for being had more in common with a weapon than a MacBook.
So the answer comes down to one of two people, a lone genius named John Vincent Atanasoff at Iowa State College or a gregarious collaborator at the University of Pennsylvania named John Mauchly.
"Since (Atanasoff) was a loner, he had just one graduate assistant, he couldn't quite get the punch card motors to work, he couldn't quite get the machinery to work all that well," Isaacson said. "And after awhile he goes into the Navy in 1942, and nobody could figure out what this contraption is in the basement ... and they dismantle it and throw it away."
The machine would have been forgotten but for Mauchly, whom Isaacson described as loving to go to meetings and gatherings to share ideas. Mauchly travels around to Dartmouth, to Harvard and drives for four days with his 9-year-old son to visit Atanasoff in Iowa.
"He spends days there, picks up all of the ideas," Isaacson said. "As you might imagine, those of you in the room who are lawyers, this leads to a 17-year intellectual property lawsuit. … After 17 years, they still couldn't figure it out, and nobody got the patent for the computer."
So while there is no legal answer to Isaacson's question, he gives his credit to Mauchly, who "goes around gathering ideas like a bumblebee picking up pollen" and then executes the idea.
But before Mauchly builds anything, he assembles a team of 80 to 85 people, including six women, to build the computer, called ENIAC. The women were charged with figuring out how to reprogram the machine from calculating missile trajectories to performing computations for atomic bomb tests, for instance.
"And it was all done in secret, which is why you haven't heard of some of these people," Isaacson said. "But they did finally unveil it publicly on Valentine's Day 1946, once the war was over. And in that great unveiling, (Betty) Jean Jennings (Bartik), who was the lead woman programmer, wrote a whole set of programs for the demonstration."
After the demonstration for press and dignitaries, they went to one of Penn's grand, old halls for a candlelight dinner. But they didn't invite the six women programmers, who took the bus back to their Philadelphia apartments.
"It was the beginning of women being sort of written out of the history of technology, even though they had made great contributions," Isaacson said. "In fact, when I went to college, approximately 30-35 percent of the people studying computer science in America at college were women. It's now 17 percent. It's gone down by half."
And what about the Internet? Google "J.C.R. Licklider," known as "Lick." Or read the book because Licklider isn't the only important character in that tale. And I don't have 542 pages.
Isaacson never explicitly said it Tuesday, but it would seem the myth of the lone genius is coming to an end.
Radical breakthroughs now require teams of specialists: Mechanical engineers, computer programmers and graphic designers all working together.
And perhaps it's always been that way.
English scientist William Gilbert was the first to use the Latin word "electricus" in 1600 to describe the force that is generated when two objects are rubbed together. That was 152 years before Benjamin Franklin flew his kite.
Thanks to the Internet, it takes a few seconds to uncover a well-researched answer to the question of who discovered electricity. And if Gilbert were still dissatisfied with the lack of recognition for his research today, he could always take to Twitter to air his gripes.

US Adds 321k Jobs  Jobless Rate Stays 5.8 Pct.US Adds 321k Jobs, Jobless Rate Stays 5.8 Pct.
US Adds 321k Jobs, Jobless Rate Stays 5.8 Pct.
U.S. employers hired at the strongest pace in nearly three years in November, adding 321,000 jobs, the latest sign the United States is outperforming other major economies by growing steadily and generating consistently healthy job gains. (Dec. 5)
U.S. employers hired at the strongest pace in nearly three years in November, adding 321,000 jobs, the latest sign the United States is outperforming other major economies by growing steadily and generating consistently healthy job gains. (Dec. 5)

More Americans feel like they will never get out of debtBy Jonnelle Marte December 10, 2014 Follow @jonnelle
(Reuters/Eric Thayer)
Americans are feeling more grim about their debt.
Nearly one in five consumers with loans said they think they will never be able to finish paying off their debt, according to survey released Wednesday by CreditCards.com. That is double the nine percent who said they felt that way last year.
The card comparison Web site polled more than 1,000 people in early December and asked them what age they expected to be debt free, after factoring all of their consumer debt, including credit card bills, car loans, student loans and other types of loans like mortgages. On average, people said they didn’t expect to be done paying off those loans until they were 53.
But the doubling of the share of people who say they will never be debt free is a sign that people are growing more pessimistic about their ability to pay what they owe, says Matt Schulz, a senior industry analyst for CreditCards.com. That could be a reflection of how people feel about the economy, he says. Many people are struggling to pay down student loans. And even people who are working may feel stuck in low paying jobs or in jobs that don’t match their skills.
“While unemployment is down, you still have people who are either underemployed or have been looking for a long time,” Schulz says. “Wages haven’t increased a whole lot over time.”
People who made less money were more likely to feel like their struggle with debt would be endless. Some 20 percent of people who made less than $30,000 a year said they felt they would never be debt free, compared to 15 percent of people who made $75,000 and up.
Optimism about paying off debt also fell with age. Even though millennials are worried about student loan debt, they were less likely than older groups to say that they would never be debt free. That might be because they feel they have time on their side, Schulz says.
In contrast, an older person taking out student loans to pay for a child or grandchild’s college education may feel like they won’t get to pay the debt off in their lifetimes. “It only makes sense that if you’re 65 and have a bunch of debt you’re probably thinking that you may end up outliving that debt,” Schulz says.
Some people may expect that they’ll be paying off debt for a while simply because some loans just take a long time to pay down. Mortgages are commonly issued as 30-year loans. People who consolidate their student loans also expect to be paying them for decades. And people are even stretching their auto loans.
Still, other studies show that more people are carrying debt into their older years. Consumers 60 and up saw their average debt loads increase for all types of loans between 2005 and 2014,  including student loans, according to a study released by TransUnion in the fall. And more seniors are carrying student loan debt into retirement and having their Social Security wages garnished to cover the debt, according to a report from the Government Accountability Office released earlier this year.
Whatever the timeline, Schulz says people shouldn’t give up on paying off their loans. People with high interest rates on their credit cards may be able to save money by applying for a card with a lower rate and then transferring the balance, he says. Others can call their credit card issuers and  ask for a lower interest rate – a strategy that often works but that people rarely try.
Read More:

Jobless claims fall; continuing claims up80
The U.S. central bank, which has kept its short-term interest rate near zero since December 2008, lowered its unemployment rate forecast on Wednesday. Many economists expect the first rate hike in mid-2015.
In a second report, the Philadelphia Federal Reserve Bank said its business activity index fell to 24.5 this month from a reading of 40.8 in November. Any reading above zero indicates expansion in the region's manufacturing sector.
Economists said November's jump in the index had grossly exaggerated the strength of manufacturing. They said this month's sharp deceleration brought it in line with other factory indicators.
“We suspect that the slump was also mostly noise rather than any signal that, in this case, the global slowdown is suddenly undermining U.S. manufacturing,” said Paul Ashworth, chief U.S. economist at Capital Economics in Toronto.
U.S. stocks were trading higher on the data and also were supported by signs that oil prices were stabilizing. Prices for U.S. Treasury debt fell, while the dollar rose against a basket of currencies.
Last week's data covered the period during which the government surveyed employers for December's nonfarm payrolls.
The four-week average of claims rose between the November and December survey periods, suggesting a step back in job growth after payrolls surged by 321,000 last month. The December payrolls are still expected to come in above 200,000.
Job gains have exceeded 200,000 for 10 straight months, the longest such stretch since 1994.
In another report, financial data firm Markit said its “flash” services Purchasing Managers Index fell to 53.6 in December, the lowest reading since February, from 56.2 in November. A reading above 50 signals expansion in the services sector.
The survey, however, is not regarded as a reliable indicator of services sector activity because of its short history.

SeaWorld pushes CEO overboardEMAIL
AP
SeaWorld Entertainment (SEAS) announced it is replacing its CEO James Atchison, the latest drama for the struggling aquatic themepark operator.
The company said Chairman David D’Alessandro would be the interim CEO starting Jan. 15, 2015. until a permanent replacement is named. Atchison will become vice chairman of the board.
SeaWorld has been struggling to maintain attendance ever since the film Blackfish put light on the company’s alleged mistreatment of animals. The company has been trying to make investments to improve the habitats for the animals, but is also undergoing a cost cutting program designed to save $50 million a year.
D’Alessandro was been chairman since 2010. Prior to that, he was president and CEO of John Hancock Financial Services. SeaWorld’s business has been under great strain amid the growing controversy. Total revenue at SeaWorld is expected to fall 6.4% this year, says S&P Capital IQ. And during 2013, revenue grew just 2.6%, the lowest rate of growth since at least 2010.
Shares of SeaWorld have left investors gasping for air. Shares have lost about half their value over the past year. Shares Thursday rose 45 cents, or 2.9%, to $16.09. Afterhours, the shares added 13 cents to $16.22.

TCS plunges 3% on rejig buzz | Healthcare stocks on high  surge 4% as rupee slipsYou are here: Home > Collections > Tcs
Tata Consultancy Services falls on rejig buzz
Reuters Dec 12, 2014, 04.48PM IST
Tags:
commentary
(TCS fell as much as 2.62%…)
Tata Consultancy Services fell as much as 2.62 per cent in intraday session as traders speculated that the company may announce some restructuring, which may impact earnings outlook.
The stock ended the day at Rs 2,455.70; down 1.48%, on the BSE.
TCS will provide a business update later in the day, according to analysts.
TCS does a sell-side meeting before every quarter end. Management's commentary on FY15 dollar revenue growth will be key, according to analysts.
Stock has 34 'buy' ratings, 16 'hold' and 2 'sell' ratings, Thomson Reuters data showed.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Inside the battle for Ask.fm  the site where Islamic State recruited three American teensBy Caitlin Dewey December 12, 2014 Follow @caitlindewey
(AP Photo/Silvia Izquierdo)
When three teenage girls from Denver left their homes for an Islamic State camp in Syria two months ago, their parents — and the FBI — were quick to search social media for clues to their escape. And in the weeks since the girls were intercepted in Frankfurt and returned home, it’s become pretty clear that they were indeed radicalized and recruited online.
But while accounts of similar Western recruits have fingered major social networks like Twitter, Facebook and Tumblr, or popular messaging platforms like Kik, a report out from NPR claims another social network, Ask.fm, was actually the major force at play.
Which means Ask.fm — late of several recent cyberbullying and teen suicide scandals — may now officially qualify as the worst-reputed social network on earth. But don’t tell that to the site’s new owner, the blue-chip Internet company IAC: Ask.fm’s new owners are confident they can save the site, trolls and terrorists be damned.
“I absolutely believe rehabilitation is possible if you do the right thing,” said Doug Leeds, the site’s CEO. “There is that perception that [Ask.fm] is a parent’s worst nightmare … but safety is our first priority.”
Unfortunately for Leeds, that reputation has dogged Ask.fm since its beginning. The anonymous question-and-answer site — both a pioneer and an early warning, in the anonymous networking space — was founded in Latvia in 2010, and quickly grew to more than 100 million users in 150 countries. Its premise, both simple and mind-numbingly self-involved, is perfect for the teenage set: Essentially, when you log into Ask.fm, you’re greeted by a series of personal questions other users have left for you, with no indication of who wrote them or how they know you in real life.
Some typical, benign Ask.fm questions (Ask.fm)
You, in turn, get to pontificate to the anonymous masses on topics like “what do you do to fall asleep?” and “what’s the most delicious fruit?” — as well as, naturally, ask anonymous questions, yourself.
The problem, of course, is when users tire of mundane topics like sleeping and fruit and start to post other, darker questions. Like “why are you so ugly?” Or “why haven’t you died yet?” Or “do you know how I can join ISIS?” Tellingly, the first time Ask.fm ever appeared in the English media was in relation to the 2012 suicide of 15-year-old Ciara Pugsley.
“Last year we had never heard about Ask.fm,” an anti-bullying activist told Ireland’s Daily Mirror at the time, “but this year is is popping up everywhere … Now every school we visit mentions this website.”
Polk County Sheriff personnel investigate the death of a 12-year-old girl, Rebecca Ann Sedwick, at an old cement plant in Lakeland, Fla. Officials say she committed suicide after being bullied online for nearly a year. (Photo by Ernst Peters/AP)
In the year following Pugley’s death, no fewer than nine teenage suicides were linked to the site, including two in the U.S. In December 2012, 16-year-old Jessica Laney hanged herself after receiving a series of cruel messages and insults about her personal life. Less than a year later, 12-year-old Rebecca Sedwick jumped from an abandoned cement silo in Lakeland, Fla., after receiving anonymous messages like “nobody cares about u” and “you seriously deserve to die.”
Ask.fm’s founders were originally pretty casual, even callous, about this kind of tragedy: blame your children, not the tool, is basically how Mark Terebin put it during the rash of suicides in early 2013. When the site was bought by blue chip Internet giant IAC last August, Terebin and his brother Ilya were unceremoniously pushed out. In their wake, the new Ask.fm doubled the size of its human moderation team, hired two senior safety officers — including Catherine Teitelbaum, the former head of global safety for Yahoo — and rolled out a range of new automated moderation tools that could flag questionable content even before users reported it.
“We looked at Ask.fm a long time” before buying it, Leeds said. “We were concerned, but we were also intrigued … The safety issues with Ask.fm are well-documented. So safety was our first priority.”
Ask.fm inked agreements with the Attorney Generals’ Offices of New York and Maryland , vowing to to crack down on abuse and underage users; earlier this month, the company announced it would move its headquarters from Latvia to Ireland, changing its privacy policy, terms of use and enforcement jurisdiction in the process. Ask.fm’s first rule of content now prohibits any posts meant “to harass, scare or upset anyone;” the second bans provocative or antagonistic content, “especially trolling.”
And yet, while Ask.fm may have rid itself of trolls, it now seems to face an even more dangerous predator. The Middle East Media Research Institute, a non-profit that monitors and translates Middle Eastern press, included Ask.fm in its recent list of social media companies “instrumental in spreading al-Qaeda’s ideologogy to the younger generation,” especially teenagers in the West. There are “hundreds, if not thousands” of jihadist accounts on Ask.fm, the report claims , which answer questions from people interested in joining their cause.
Screenshots from the Ask.fm account of Abu Abdullah, an alleged jihadi who uses the network to recruit Westerners. (MEMRI)
In Ask.fm’s defense, it’s by no means alone here: MEMRI’s report also singles out half a dozen other social networks, including Facebook and Twitter. But since half of Ask.fm’s users are under 18, it offers up a particularly vulnerable demographic to extremist recruiters in the Middle East.
“Hi Abu — how important is social media to ISIS?” One user asked an alleged British jihadist, going under the username Abu Abdullah.
“I think u know how important it is,” Abu Abdullah wrote back. “Its a valuable tool for recruitment if anyone wna join and to show the real ISIS.”
As if to prove Abu Abdullah’s claims, the three would-be teen jihadists from Denver apparently made extensive contact with Islamic State recruiters on Ask.fm, NPR reports. In fact, of all the social networks the girls used, it’s Ask.fm where their radicalization played out most clearly, says a report by SITE Intelligence Group, a company that tracks jihadists’ online activity.
At one point, SITE observed, an anonymous user asked one of the Denver girls how much she listened to music, and she said three hours a day. Months later, an anonymous user asked her favorite song to dance to — and she did a 180, saying “music is haram” (meaning sinful or forbidden). It was nothing that would have come up in a keyword filter — but concerning, all the same.
“It’s a really tough issue,” said Teitelbaum, the newly hired Chief of Trust & Safety. “The language itself is benign — the tone of the conversations is actually very casual. There’s very little reference to violence. It’s not like other areas of abuse.”
So Ask.fm has had to find different ways to confront it: the site very recently added an “extremism” category to its reporting tool, and it’s working more closely with law enforcement to identify and monitor potentially dangerous accounts. But still, despite all these efforts, it seems extremely difficult for Ask.fm to turn its image around. Nine teen suicides and three would-be terrorists? If that’s not a parent’s worst nightmare, I don’t know what is.
“This provides a social utility,” Leeds assures me. “This is an important part of people expressing themselves.”
But he really only needs to convince parents and politicians; clearly, with 180 million monthly users, he already has us kids.
Caitlin Dewey runs The Intersect blog, writing about digital and Internet culture. Before joining the Post, she was an associate online editor at Kiplinger’s Personal Finance.

October IIP at -4.2% | Sensex: Worst weekly fall in 3 yrsArun Jaitley
(The Index of Industrial…)
NEW DELHI: The Index of Industrial Production (IIP) for the month of October contracted sharply at (-)4.2% versus 2.5% in September. The consumer durables sector output contracted massively at (-)35.2%.
The manufacturing sector output also contracted at (-) 7.6% versus (-)1.3% YoY.
Meanwhile, in some cheer, Consumer Price Index (CPI) cooled down to 4.38% for the month of November.
Earlier in the day, committing to push growth rate to 6-6.5 per cent in the next fiscal, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said the government is "working overtime" to push reforms, especially, in sectors like insurance, coal and Goods and Services Tax (GST).
The government, Jaitley said, was hopeful of achieving an economic growth rate of 6-6.5 per cent in the next financial year and over 7 per cent thereafter.
Refuting the criticism that government has not taken any big-ticket reform measures in the last six months, the Minister said, they are not about "sensationalising things. One should see the big picture."
Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan on Thursday said that the central bank listens to every suggestion on interest rates carefully but a reduction alone is not going to boost the economy.
The pressure on Governor Rajan to lower lending rates is getting intensified by the day. But Rajan, who steadfastly refused to lower rates till the battle against inflation is won, does not seem to be rattled. Ever since he assumed the central banker's role, Rajan has emphasised the central bank's independence quite strongly.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Cubs  WLS-Ch. 7 close to deal to air 25 games next season31
The deal with a network-owned station is something of a media curveball, with few industry observers pegging WLS-TV as a player in the Cubs' drawn-out drama to find a new TV partner. Where the balance of next season's television schedule ends up remains to be seen, but Kenney said Friday the team will announce a home for the team's remaining games soon.
While the network has signed off on the deal, ABC 7 will air most of the games on the weekends, to avoid disruption of a busy prime-time schedule, Idler said.
"We have a number of games that we're going to be having in prime time," Idler said. "But Saturday and Sunday are certainly easier, from a network standpoint ... to run those games."
ABC 7 is allowed to market its 25-game package to other regional TV stations, Idler said, which would open up the broadcasts to viewers outside of the Chicago market.
While some industry observers say it is late in the game to begin selling advertising for next season, ABC 7 sounded optimistic about the prospects.
"It can't help but generate excitement for our viewers while providing our ABC sales teams the opportunity to offer extraordinary media opportunities to our clients in Chicago and across the country," said Vincent Sollecito, vice president and general sales manager of ABC 7.
The timing may prove fortuitous for the station, with signings of ace pitcher Jon Lester and coveted manager Joe Maddon generating renewed interest in the team.
"They've made some fantastic moves," Idler said, "so we're really confident that the ratings are going to follow."
This is not the first time Cubs games have aired on Ch. 7, however.
In 1949, three stations broadcast games, according to the Chicago Baseball Museum, including WGN, WBKB and WENR, the predecessor to WLS. WENR-TV dropped out after one season.

Industrial output contracts by 4.2% in OctoberIndustrial output contracts by 4.2% in October
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 12:  
Dashing hopes of recovery the industrial production contracted by 4.2 per cent in October, sharpest decline in at least two years, on poor show by manufacturing sector and dip in the output of capital as well as consumer goods.
The factory output, as measured by the Index of Industrial Production (IIP), had declined by 1.2 per cent in the same month last year.
For September, it was revised to 2.8 per cent from the provisional estimates of 2.5 per cent released last month, according to the data released by the Central Statistics Office today.
During the April-October period, IIP rose 1.9 per cent, as against 0.2 per cent in same period of last fiscal.
Manufacturing output, which constitutes over 75 per cent of the index, contracted by 7.6 per cent in October, compared to a dip of 1.3 per cent in the same month a year ago.
For April-October, the sector saw an output growth of 0.7 per cent, compared to a contraction 0.1 per cent in the year-ago period.
The production of capital goods, a barometer of demand, declined by 2.3 per cent in October, as against a growth of 2.5 per cent in same month of last year.
During April-October period, the output of capital goods grew by 4.8 per cent as against a dip in production by 0.2 per cent.
The consumer goods output too contracted by 18.6 per cent in October as against a decline in output at 5 per cent logged a year ago.
For April-October, the segment showed a contraction of 6.3 per cent, compared to a decline of 1.7 per cent in the same period of 2013—14.
Overall, 16 of the 22 industry groups in manufacturing showed negative growth in October.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

Delhi HC to test MTS internet speed claimsDelhi HC to test MTS internet speed claims
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 12:  
The Delhi High Court on Friday asked Sistema Shyam Teleservices Ltd (SSTL), which provides high speed internet under the name MTS, to bring their “equipment” on Monday to test their claim that they provide speeds upto 9.8 Mbps.
Justice Vibhu Bakhru decided to undertake the exercise as he felt that the Advertising Standards Council of India (ASCI) was “right” in holding as “misleading” Sistema’s commercial that it provides speeds up to 9.8 Megabits per second (Mbps).
“I think they (ASCI) are right. The speed of 9.8 Mbps is available only in test conditions,” the judge said and asked the company to bring its equipment post-lunch to test its speed in the court premises.
However, as the counsel for SSTL claimed inability to come after lunch, the court posted the matter for Monday. SSTL contended before the court that it only claims to provide speed “upto” 9.8 Mbps. “This is how misleading advertisements are made,” the court said in response.
The judge also jokingly observed that the speed the company claims to offer may be available only around midnight and that too under the mobile tower.
Additional Solicitor General (ASG) Sanjay Jain contended there was no error in the order of the ASCI’s Consumer Complaints Commission and that it had the statutory authority and jurisdiction to issue the same.
He also argued that the speeds MTS claims to offer are available only under test conditions and at late hours in the night and not always.
SSTL in its plea has contended that ASCI have not considered any material put forward by it. ASCI had in its order of November 29 asked SSTL to either suspend or modify, by December 10, its advertisement that its internet provides speeds of upto 9.8 Mbps. The company has challenged ASCI’s order.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

HDFC Securities to introduce EWill service soonHDFC Securities to introduce ‘E—Will’ service soon
PTI
Tweet
Indore, Dec 12:  
HDFC Securities today announced that it will launch its E—Will service to provide the facility of writing ’Will’ online to its customers.
HDFC Securities is a subsidiary of HDFC Bank.
“Our E—Will service is a first of its kind online service in the country. We will try to associate 5,000 customers with the services by March 2015,” HDFC Securities Managing Director Aseem Dhru told reporters here.
Through the E—Will service, the company will provide HDFC bank customers the facility to write their will in a legal manner, he said.
The ‘Will’ will be kept in a totally confidential manner and the company will not keep any details of customer’s Will, once it is fully prepared, Dhru added.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Rs 4 479-cr in Indians  HSBC-list accounts: SIT on black moneyArun Jaitley
(Besides, the tax department…)
NEW DELHI: In the first major disclosure on black money, 339 Indians have been found to have stashed Rs 4,479 crore in Swiss banks, while domestic unaccounted wealth to the tune of Rs 14,958 crore has been traced, even as the SIT recommended stringent measures to check the menace.
The Supreme Court-constituted SIT has recommended amendments to laws to provide for confiscation of domestic properties of those with illicit assets abroad and making tax evasion of over Rs 50 lakh a 'predicate offence' or a serious crime to facilitate necessary action under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA).
The 13 recommendations made by the SIT also include imposing a threshold of Rs 10-15 lakh on holding and transporting cash to check the black money menace.
After probing into a list of 628 Indians, who figured on a list of account holders in HSBC's Geneva branch that India got from the French government, the Special Investigation Team (SIT) has said that prosecution has begun against 79 entities.
Out of these, no balance has been found in case of 289 accounts, according to a report of the SIT submitted to the court, portions of which were released by government today.
"Out of the 628 persons, 201 are either non-residents or non-traceable, leaving 427 persons cases as actionable cases," an official statement said.
While the total amount involved in these cases is about Rs 4,479 crore, the Income Tax Department has finalised assessment for 79 entities involving 339 cases.
"An amount of Rs 2,926 crore has been brought to tax towards the undisclosed balances in the accounts relating to these persons," the statement said, adding that taxes along with interest at applicable rates have been levied.
While suggesting steps like curbs on cash transportation beyond a level and mandatory quoting of PAN for cash and cheque payments over Rs one lakh, the SIT has flagged off mining, ponzi schemes, iron ore exports, misuse of export- import route as major areas prone to black money transactions.
The issue of black money has been a major political issue in India, including in the last Lok Sabha polls.
Incidentally, today's disclosure comes at a time when Switzerland has indicted Herve Falciani, a former HSBC employee, who had leaked information related to thousands of bank account holders at its Geneva branch. He was charged yesterday by the Swiss authorities for 'industrial espionage, breach of trade and banking secrecy'.
The SIT also pointed out that 'Angadias', persons carry large amounts of cash while acting as 'money couriers' in Gujarat and Maharashtra especially, were playing a key role in transfer of unaccounted money.
The SIT said that the proposed curbs "would control holding of unaccounted money to a large extent".
"This would also control transfer of unaccounted cash from one destination to other, which at present is rampant, may be Angadias or by other means," it said.
The SIT has also suggested setting up of an institutional mechanism to examine mismatch between export/import data with corresponding data of other countries on a quarterly basis to unearth black money.
  In case it is found that an individual or entity owns a property abroad in violation of the law, a provision should be made in the FEMA to provide for seizure and confiscation of property of equivalent value within the country.
It also recommended establishment of a central KYC (Know Your Customer) registry to deal with the problem of multiple identities of an individual in financial transactions.
The SIT, which comprises of former Supreme Court judges M B Shah and Arjit Pasayat, as also representatives from various investigative and enforcement agencies, cited the examples of European countries to say that there should be a limit on transportation and holding of cash, as per portions of the report released by the government today.
Also, the shipping bills should include the international market price of goods and machinery sought to be exported. "This suggestion is under consideration and is likely to be implemented within short time," the SIT said.
Besides, there should be a dynamic interaction between different stakeholders like reporting entities, Financial Intelligence Unit and law enforcement authorities.
In cases where ED has attached a property and there are income tax dues to be collected, the SIT said that the former should be open to recovering dues from the attached property.
SIT said that at least five additional chief judicial magistrates courts should be set up in Mumbai to deal with 5000 pending IT prosecution cases.
Giving update on various cases of black money, the SIT said that Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) has furnished information in 31 cases of iron ore export, of which 11 parties have admitted to undervaluation and paid Rs 116.73 crore.
In other cases, show cause notices have been issued and action will be taken in accordance with law.
Besides, the Directorate of Enforcement is attaching property worth Rs 400 crore and has arrested a person in a case relating to mining in Odisha.
In Karnataka, three attachment orders have been passed for assets worth a total of Rs 995.97 crore.
In several cases in Goa and Jharkhand, preliminary scrutiny and investigation is in progress in connection with illegal mining.
The report also pointed out that the ED is facing difficulties in taking coercive action in ponzi chit-fund cases due to a stay order by Kolkata High Court.
In one case in Jharkhand, provisional attachment orders for properties worth Rs 452.43 crore were passed while Rs 884.13 crore worth of assets have been attached in another mining case in Karnataka.
In a similar case in Andhra Pradesh, Rs 1093.10 crore worth assets have been attached.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mary Kom brand ambassador for BengaluruMidnightMarathonMary Kom brand ambassador for Bengaluru Midnight Marathon
Anil Raje Urs
Tweet
Bengaluru, Dec. 12:  
Olympics gold medal winning boxer Mary Kom is to be the Brand Ambassador for Bengaluru Midnight Marathon (BMM) sponsored jointly by State Bank of India and Rotary Bangalore IT Corridor (RBITC).
“This year’s BMM will be held on December 20 with event’s theme “Run on Swachh Bengaluru’ which is in tune with Prime Minister’s call for ‘Swachh Bharath’,” said Rajni Mishra, Chief General Manager, State Bank of India.
The event held last year at KTPO, Whitefield saw legendary runner Milkha Singh as the Brand Ambassador with an apt theme ‘Bhaag Bengaluru Bhaag'.
The Midnight Marathon conceived by RBITC was first held in 2007. Since then the event has grown today with participants from 20 countries taking part in this event. From 2,400 runners in 2007, it has grown to become 10,000 runners event from 45 corporates.
“Today BMM has become the largest fund raising platform for RBITC. The event held annually focuses both on bringing about awareness amongst today's youth of the need to be physically fit and mentally strong and also transforming this as a vehicle for raising funds for various charitable activities, aimed at bringing about a difference in the lives of the underprivileged section of the society,” said Rajeev Unnikrishnan, President, Rotary IT Corridor.
RBITC has lined up major activities like Adoption of Government Schools, Medical Surgeries, Free Eye Surgeries, Holding Blood Donation Camps, Integrated Village Development, Potable Water Project etc.
“As these objectives are in tune with the SBI corporate philosophy we associated with this event in December 2013. Our support to this event was only to ensure that the society at large will be benefited by the synergy of the corporate philosophy of State Bank and the social objectives of Rotary,” said Rajni Mishra.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

India-Canada: Competition Law DevelopmentsTweet
Published on Fri, Dec 12,2014 | 20:05, Updated at Fri, Dec 12 at 20:38Source : Moneycontrol.com |   Watch Video :
Amarchand Mangaldas recently organized a roundtable on Competition Law Roundtable on key developments in Competition Law, with a special focus on competition compliance, cartels, dawn raids and merger control. The Act allows for the imposition of the highest economic penalties in India and in a short span of five years, the CCI has already imposed stringent penalties on enterprises across sectors for an amount exceeding INR 20,000 crores. Given how topical competition law has become and the impact it has on day-to-day business in India, it is imperative for industry to understand the latest developments in Competition Law in India. The panel consisted of John Pecman, Competitor Commissioner of Canada; S.K. Honnesh, Group General Counsel, Piramal; Cyril Shroff, Managing Partner - Amarchand Mangaldas; Nisha Kaur Uberoi, Partner - Amarchand Mangaldas; and Daniel Kanter, IATA Canada.
More Stories

Here are some commodity trading ideas from T GnanasekarLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Here are some commodity trading ideas from T Gnanasekar
Watch the interview of T Gnanasekar CommTrendz Research & Fund Mgmt with Shereen Bhan on CNBC-TV18, in which he shared his reading and outlook on commodity markets and specific commodities.
Post your opinion here

UP: Police announces reward for main accused in Agra conversion row16
0
Lucknow: Local police has announced a cash reward for the arrest of Kishori Lal Balmiki, main accused in the "forced conversion" of about 100 people mostly Muslim slum dwellers in Agra to Hinduism, a top official said on Friday.
"The Agra police has declared a cash reward of Rs 5000 on the arrest of the main accused Kishori Lal Balmiki in the alleged forced reconversions there", Inspector General (IG) Law and order, A Satish Ganesh, said.
A local court has also issued non-bailable warrants against Balmiki and his mobile phone has also been put on surveillance, the IG said.
A local court has also issued non-bailable warrants against Balmiki and his mobile phone has also been put on surveillance, the IG said.
#uttar pradesh #kishori lal balmiki #agra #conversion row
Agra police would soon send a team to West Bengal for verification of the place of origin of those who were allegedly forced to reconvert, he added.
Refuting that none of the affected people have left the place, Ganesh said since they were living in fear after the recent episode, concerned police station was extending them security and have assured them of their safety.
Earlier this week, Agra police had filed an FIR in connection with the "forced conversion" of about 100 people, mostly Muslim slum dwellers allegedly by Hindu outfits.
3

Shadow Hand  May Bring Sense of Touch to SpaceThe Ohio State Buckeyes' upset victory over the University of Alabama's Crimson Tide Thursday was among the surprising...
Brian Blanco/Getty Images

The incredible video work of late Post photographer Michel du CilleBy Thomas Johnson December 12, 2014 Follow @bythomasjohnson
Michel du Cille will be remembered professionally as an outstanding journalist who earned three Pulitzers for his photography, but he was also an accomplished videographer who was able to capture the humanity of a story through compelling features and powerful interviews.
[Read: Post photographer revealed dramatic world of human suffering, triumph]
Du Cille bravely documented the progression of Ebola in Africa, chronicling the rising death toll in Liberia  and its effect on daily life. In his interview with Deedee Urey, du Cille captured the plight of a widowed mother, who lost her husband and youngest child to Ebola, and is faced with providing for her four children.
Deedee Urey lost her husband and youngest child to Ebola. She and her four children also became infected, but survived. Now, she must work to provide for her family. (Michel du Cille, Lenny Bernstein and Jayne W. Orenstein/The Washington Post)
Some of du Cille’s recent work included interviewing survivors such as Decontee Davis, who spent weeks in an Ebola treatment center in Liberia . Through interviewing Klubo Mulbah, a health-care worker who contracted Ebola caring for patients , du Cille relayed the importance of a proactive approach to screening for the disease.
Before covering Ebola, du Cille covered the war in Afghanistan and its toll on U.S. soldiers. He told the stories of wounded veterans like Army Sgt. Brendan Marrocco, who lost both arms and legs in Iraq in 2009, and documented part of his rehabilitation from a double arm transplant in 2012.
Former U.S. Army Sgt. Brendan Marrocco lost both arms and legs in Iraq in 2009. Soldiering on, he received a rare double arm transplant in 2012 and is now going through physical therapy at Walter Reed. (Nicki DeMarco and Michel du Cille/The Washington Post)
This experience fueled du Cille’s passionate position on the broader perception of war and the role that journalism can play in terms of increasing awareness about the realities of modern warfare.
“I just think it’s exceedingly important to continue to show readers what war is like, and what it is that we as human beings keep repeating over and over again,” du Cille said in a 2013 interview. “And there are many out there who keep going for the option of war without really understanding, without really realizing, without really having experienced what real war is like. The only way that we can go forward and understand what terrible things war does is to show it.”
Michel du Cille recounts his experience reporting in Afghanistan, where he was following members of the Afghan National Army. (Michel du Cille, Anup Kaphle, May-Ying Lam, Kevin Sieff/The Washington Post)
1 of 48

Matters like Ram Temple should not become poll issues: Vinod KhannaCommuter rage, arson after suburban train services disrupted
If you dig out dead issues like the Ram Temple one, then they become political, actor- turned-politician Vinod Khanna today said.
The BJP MP from Gurdaspur was responding to a question about Uttar Pradesh Governor Ram Naik’s assertion that Ram Temple should be built at Babri Masjid site.
“These should not become election issues. Everyone has his wishes and dreams. (Likewise) the dreams of the people of Kashmir are that there should be a change here,” Khanna told reporters.
On a question of the alleged forced conversions in Agra, the BJP leader said “I think it has been responded to in the Parliament”.
“There was a discussion over it in parliament yesterday and it has been responded to (by the government). But these (along with Ram Temple) issues are old. If you dig out dead issues, then they become political.
The BJP leader who is here to garner support for his party candidates, said the people of Kashmir should not lose the opportunity of making the situation better here.
“You have endured much pain for long and have gone through very much and there has been loot and bloodshed and there has been no development but now you have an opportunity to change the situation,” Khanna told reporters here.
“My appeal to you is that you should not lose this opportunity. I am in the party and I know the qualities of the Prime Minister (Narendra Modi). Look at the way he has done development in Gujarat. Our other governments in Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan, Chattisgarh and Goa and now in Haryana and Maharashtra â€“ everywhere people say that Modi has come and development will take place.
“And if you want to change the situation in Kashmir, then have a BJP government here. I assure you that the situation here will change very soon,” he said.
Khanna said the image of the country under Modi had changed and the focus now was on development.
“I am here to appeal the people that the whole world is praising Modi for his programmes and schemes. The image of India has changed now and everyone is saying that it is a country where the whole focus is on development. People from the world over want to invest in India and end unemployment here. Every developed nation wants to have industries here,” he said.
Khanna expressed hope that BJP will be able to fulfill its ‘Mission 44+’ and form the government in the state.
“The issues today are about what people want and who can work for you and bring in development. People here have understood that two families (Abdullah and Mufti) have ruled here and there is corruption, there is no development and the state government did not help the people during the floods. They have understood what these governments could have done. They have to bring in a change for the things to get better,” he said.
Post Comments
More from miscellaneous

2015 Audi Q7 unveiledDec 12, 2014, 08.25 PM IST  | Source: Overdrive Magazine
2015 Audi Q7 unveiled
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
2015 Audi Q7 unveiled
Post your opinion here
 
After eight years, the Q7 now goes into its second generation with the new 2015 model that Audi unveiled today. The biggest news for the Q7 is the new lightweight construction which has helped the Q7 drop over 325kg over its predecessor. The new Q7, currently unveiled in the 3.0l TFSI and the 3.0l TDI variants, tips the scales at 1970 and 1995kg respectively. Dubbing it as multimaterial' construction, the new Q7 makes extensive use of aluminium and steel.    The 2015 Q7 is as high as its outgoing counterpart, but 15mm narrower and... Read More
ADS BY GOOGLE

``Banks must support next generation of Indiandiamond cosBanks must support nextgen of diamond firms: AWDC chief
Tomojit Basu
Tweet
New Delhi, December 12 :  
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Russian President Vladimir Putin aiming to boost bilateral diamond trade is good news for the domestic industry, it is imperative for banks to support the “next generation” of Indian diamantaires if the industry is to grow, said industry officials at the World Diamond Conference that ended here on Friday.
“Centres must be conscious that they need to prepare the next generation in this industry. The new Venus (Jewel), Hare Krishna (Exports) and similar giants will be created only if the banking system supports them. I request bankers to look at small and medium companies in India as this is where the future will be built,” said Stephane Fischler, President, Antwerp World Diamond Centre (AWDC).
Twelve Indian companies signed three-year contracts worth around $2.1 billion to source the precious stone from Russian diamond mining major ALROSA at the conference earlier. Indian companies like Hare Krishna Exports, Venus Jewel, Rosy Blue, Dimexon Diamonds, KGK Diamonds and the Karp Group are among those which will benefit.
Fischler added that the deal was unlikely to affect global supply channels. “International supply channels are already well established. What is important is to concentrate on the core competencies of distinct centres, whether in Antwerp, Israel or Mumbai, and to use synergies to better the industry”, he said.
Russian flavour
The conference was one that brought delegations from various parts of the world but retained a distinct Russian flavour with Modi and Putin jointly inaugurating the event.
The ALROSA deal was a step in the right direction, delegates felt, and the event had opened up possibilities of furthering Indo-Russian diamond trade with the Prime Minister announcing the establishment of Special Notified Zones to facilitate the import of rough diamonds on a consignment basis from Russia and allowing unsold ones to be exported back.
“The Government’s role starts with ensuring that we have responsible and sustainable mining plans. After that, it is to ensure that all diamond trade is transparent. We will help facilitate, not engage in business,” said Siddharth Singh, Joint Secretary, Commerce Ministry.
India imports most of its rough diamonds from Russia but domestic manufacturing costs and those borne by consumers are usually increased due to less than 20 per cent of the roughs coming in directly. Most reach India through hubs like Antwerp, Tel Aviv and Dubai.
Russia is the leading rough diamond producer while India is the world’s largest manufacturer of cut and polished diamonds.
“The relationship between these two countries must be nourished and they must come together in manufacturing to become a formidable unit. The contract between ALROSA and the Indian companies is a great initiative since it eliminates middle men,” said Maxim Shkadov, President, International Diamond Manufacturers Association (IDMA).
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

Railways need big investment  says PrabhuRailways need big investment, says Prabhu
PTI
The Hindu Suresh Prabhu
New Delhi, Dec 12:  
Expressing serious concern over the financial health of Indian rail, Railway Minister Suresh Prabhu today said it was “too close for comfort” and there was a need for massive investment in the sector.
“Railways require big investment. There is no fund for investment. There is requirement of Rs 6 lakh crore to Rs 8 lakh crore for completion of announced projects,” Prabhu said at the Agenda Aaj Tak programme.
Asked about the possibility of raising train fares to meet the growing expense, Prabhu did not rule out the possibility saying “passenger service should be improved before increasing the fares. Safety cannot be compromised. There is a need for big investment. Some burden has to be shared by people.”
Expressing concern over the operating ratio of railways, he said, the expenditure like staff salary, fuel cost were higher. There is no saving or surplus.”
Prabhu who is meeting MPs in batches after assuming charge said, “in order to just meet the demands of MPs, the requirement is about Rs 20,000 crore.”
On the issue of privatisation, he said, “the basic aim is that rail service should be better and the ideology is not the issue here.”
He made it clear that railways cannot be privatised on the pattern of other sectors like road and aviation.
“Outcomes are important. Railways cannot be privatised like road sector or aviation sector,” he said adding “There are many areas where PPP is happening. We have allowed 110 per cent FDI in rail sector.”
About the opposition being faced for bringing changes, Prabhu said “I will convince unions that it is for the interest of railways and the public.”
With the aim of having an interface with rail users, he said a customer service portal is going to be launched soon.
Asked about his priority between launching WiFi service and eliminating unmanned level crossings, he said both are different.
Defending the launching of WiFi service at New Delhi station, he said currently 90 crore people are using mobile phones. But by launching WiFi we are not ignoring unmanned level crossing.”
He said there is requirement of Rs 30,000 cr to eliminate 11,300 UMLC in the country. “Improvement of safety and passengers’ service should go parallel.”
Giving emphasis on use of technology, he said one does not need to go to ticket window and one can now book tickets on mobile. CRIS is preparing the module.”
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

Romancing the Taj: Online tickets for visiting monument of love from December 25We're sorry! This page is not available.
Please visit the hindustantimes.com homepage.
Advertisement

Saradha scam: Mamata backs Madan Mitra  dares Modi to arrest herEmbarrassment mounted for West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee and her Trinamool Congress after the CBI arrested state transport and sports minister Madan Mitra in connection with the Saradha scam on Friday.    
 
He is the first minister of Bengal to be arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) in any case, and the fourth Trinamool leader to be held by the probe agency in the chit fund scam.
 
Accusing the Centre of adopting bullying tactics after Mitra’s arrest, Banerjee lashed out at Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) president Amit Shah and dared them to arrest her.
 
“CBI may take Madan to SSKM Hospital. I will go to meet him . Let me see whether Amit Shah’s goondas and Narendra Modi’s police can arrest me,” she said.
 
“It (the arrest) is unfortunate, shameful and deserves to be condemned. It’s sheer political vendetta. Can the CBI and the Centre go out of their jurisdiction and act like this?” she added.
 
The Saradha chit fund scam trail is hounding Banerjee’s government unlike any other challenge she has encountered during her stint in power so far and Mitra’s arrest triggered fresh calls from opposition leaders for her resignation.
 
Opposition parties have repeatedly accused the CM of trying to shield some of the beneficiaries of the company’s slush funds.
 
The Saradha scam was caused by the collapse of the investment operation of the Saradha Group, a consortium of over 200 private companies, which ran many unlicensed financial schemes in eastern India.
 
Under the scam hundreds of thousands of small investors lost Rs. 2,459 crore, according to an official estimate. There are unofficial estimates that peg the figure higher.
 
The CBI arrested Mitra around 4 pm after questioning him for about three hours during which he denied taking any money from Saradha, said an official privy to the development.
 
According to the official, who did not want to be named, Mitra stood his ground despite CBI officers confronting him with evidence.
 
“In the Saradha chit fund scam, RC 4 S/14, case relating to Saradha Realty, CBI has arrested Madan Mitra, a cabinet minister in the government of West Bengal on prima facie evidence of criminal conspiracy, cheating and misappropriation as well as deriving undue financial benefits from Saradha group,” said a CBI statement.
 
“CBI has also arrested Naresh Balodia, legal advisor to Sudipta Sen (Saradha Group chairperson) on charges of criminal conspiracy, cheating and diversion of funds in the same case,” the statement added.
 
Within an hour of the arrest, the Trinamool tore into Shah, who had launched a scathing attack on the Bengal CM last month, laying the foundation for the 2016 assembly elections in the state.
 
“The arrest of our cabinet colleague seems to be an act of vendetta. It appears CBI is controlled not only by BJP but also by Amit Shah. We strongly condemn this action. Neither the governor, nor the assembly speaker was informed before the arrest,” said Subrata Mukherjee, state panchayat minister.
 
The Supreme Court had in May ordered a CBI probe into the chit fund scams in West Bengal, Odisha and Assam under which various companies, including Saradha, allegedly duped investors of around Rs. 10,000 crore.
 
Two Rajya Sabha MPs (Kunal Ghosh, Srinjoy Bose) and a vice-president (Rajat Majumdar) of the Trinamool are already behind the bars in connection with the Saradha case.
 
The CM’s stated position is none from her party took any money from Saradha. She also points to the group’s operations having started during the Left rule, which she ended.
West Bengal Transport Minister Madan Mitra arrives at the CBI's office in Kolkata hours before his arrest. (Subhankar Chakraborty/HT photo)
Read: TMC is without political friends, fighting a lonely battle for staying in power
 
The group folded up in April last year, leaving its investors, largely from rural areas with little access to formal banking facilities, in the lurch.
 
The opposition mounted pressure on the CM after Mitra’s arrest.
 
“Madan Mitra’s arrest shows that Trinamool leaders are neck deep in Saradha scam, and the dots are leading to Mamata Banerjee’s doorstep. It’s time for her to resign taking moral responsibility,” said Sidharth Nath Singh, BJP national secretary.
 
State Congress president Adhir Chowdhury, too, demanded that the CM step down.
By any yardstick Mamata Banerjee is facing the worst point of her political life after coming in power in Bengal in May 2011. She is without friends at the centre. Worse, all the parties that she is approaching for alliances are declining.
Last month, both her former ally, Congress, and the the Left leaders rebuffed her when she said in the national capital that she is ready to tie up with any party (even with her bitter opponents like the Left) to fight communalism (read BJP).
"In 2011 when she tied up with Congress and swept into power in Bengal, she was at the zenith of her career. Within three years, she reached the lowest point. Her personal image, that of impeccable honesty, is gone. The popularity of the party is under a big question mark. And she now has the CBI on her trail, something that could be said about other regional party leaders, but not about Mamata earlier," said COngress leader Abdul Mannan.

CBI charges Madhu Koda  seven others in Jharkhand coal scamWe're sorry! This page is not available.
Please visit the hindustantimes.com homepage.
Advertisement

Used  abhorrent  interrogation methods: CIA chiefprint
File photo: CIA director John Brennan testifies on Capitol Hill in Washington during his confirmation hearing before the Senate Intelligence Committee. (AP photo)
The CIA is not perfect, women and men working for it are not perfect, mistakes were made, some “abhorrent” interrogation methods were used, but it’s time to move on.
That in a nutshell was CIA director John Brennan at a rare news conference on Thursday defending the agency against a damning US senate report on its use of torture.
The CIA used waterboarding, walling, sleep deprivation and something called “rectal rehydration”, and grossly exaggerated its utility to the nation, the report said.
Brennan said the agency was unprepared for the detention and interrogation programme it started in the aftermath of 9/11, and it failed to establish clear operational guidelines.
In some cases, therefore, Brennan said, “Agency officers used interrogation techniques that had not been authorized, were abhorrent, and rightly should be repudiated by all”.
“And we fell short when it came to holding some officers accountable for their mistakes,” he added.
The director went to defend the use of the authorized Enhanced Interrogation Techniques, contextualizing it in the backdrop of the 9/11 attacks when the national “ached, cried and prayed”.
But he disputed the central finding of the senate report — which called “flawed” once again — that the agency got nothing useful from its detention and interrogation programme.
It did, he insisted, saying, enough to “thwart attack plans, capture terrorists, and save lives”. But did the relevant intel come from the use of enhanced interrogation methods?
“The cause and effect relationship between the use of EITs and useful information subsequently provided by the detainee is, in my view, unknowable.”
There were, however, instances of “inaccurate” representations about the programme, he said, acknowledging that finding of the report, and that is unacceptable.
But Brennan said he found it most frustrating that the senate report “conveys a broader view of the CIA and its officers as untrustworthy”. He added, “CIA’s legitimacy is closely tied to its credibility, and we can afford to lose neither.”
It is his fervent hope now, he ended, that “we can put aside this debate and move forward to focus on issues that are relevant to our current national security challenges”.

Change laws  put cash curbs to check black money menace: SIT17
0
New Delhi: In suggestions with far-reaching implications, the SIT on black money has recommended amendment of laws to provide for confiscation of domestic property of those with illicit assets abroad and making tax evasion of over Rs 50 lakh a 'predicate offence' taking it as a serious crime.
Constituted on the orders of the Supreme Court, the SIT's second report to the court made 13 recommendations including making PAN mandatory for all cash and cheque transactions above Rs 1 lakh and imposing a threshold of Rs 10-15 lakh on holding and transporting cash to check unaccounted money to a large extent.
The Special Investigation Team (SIT) also flagged existence of black money in mining, ponzi scheme and iron ore exports as well as money couriers, called 'Angadias', dealing in huge sums of money outside the banking system.
The SIT has suggested setting up of an institutional mechanism to examine mismatch between export/import data.
#black money #sit #swiss bank
The SIT said that making tax evasion of Rs 50 lakh or more a 'predicate offence' would allow necessary action under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA).
"This would control holding of unaccounted money to a large extent. This would also control transfer of unaccounted cash from one destination to other, which at present is rampant, may be Angadias or by other means," it said.
The SIT has also suggested setting up of an institutional mechanism to examine mismatch between export/import data with corresponding data of other countries on a quarterly basis to unearth black money.
In case it is found that an individual or entity owns a property abroad in violation of the law, a provision should be made in the FEMA to provide for seizure and confiscation of property of equivalent value within the country.
0

Indian fisherman found dead in Pakistan jailDec 12, 2014 at 08:02pm IST
Indian fisherman found dead in Pakistan jail
24
0
Karachi: A 30-year-old Indian fisherman has been found dead under mysterious circumstances in a jail, prompting Pakistani authorities to order a probe into the death.
Devo Mand Kansaro, who was arrested in March by Pakistan's Maritime Security Agency for fishing in the Arabian sea, was found dead on Thursday in his jail barracks in Malir district.
Jail authorities claimed that Kansaro had died from natural causes after complaining chest pain and no torture marks were found on his body.
Jail authorities claimed that Kansaro had died from natural causes after complaining chest pain and no torture marks were found on his body.
#india #karachi #fishermen #pakistan jail
They said that he had complained of chest pain following which he was taken to the jail's hospital and discharged after being given treatment.
The investigation report by a Judicial Magistrate into the mysterious death of the Indian fishermen has found no torture marks on his body.
"Judicial Magistrate Nadir Khan Burdi found no torture marks on his body and the prisoner also had hypertension and asthma problems," jail official Muhammad Nazir said.
After the Judicial Magistrate submitted his report to a sessions court, the Indian High Commission was informed about the incident and the fisherman's body has been shifted to the Civil Hospital's mortuary.
Nazir said a post-mortem would be carried out by the hospital.
On Thursday, 58 Indian fishermen were arrested and their 11 boats seized by Pakistani authorities for allegedly violating the country's territorial waters.
13

Matter healthtech incubator adds 10 startups  doubling its membersMatter healthtech incubator adds 10 startups
Caption Artist rendering of Matter
Matter
Matter, a healthtech-focused startup incubator, is set to open in the Merchandise Mart early 2015.
Matter, a healthtech-focused startup incubator, is set to open in the Merchandise Mart early 2015. (Matter)
Caption Artist rendering of Matter
Matter
Caption Artist rendering of Matter
Matter
Scientific Research
The 10 new startup companies joining Chicago's Matter healthtech incubator
Ten more startups are joining Matter, the healthtech-focused incubator set to open in the Merchandise Mart early next year.
The companies, which join 10 charter members and 10 members announced in November, include motivational platforms to promote better health, a developer of cancer screening technology, and a talent-recruiting program for health care professionals, among others, according to an announcement from the incubator.
Funded with state grants and loans, plus $4.4 million in support from industry partners, Matter aims to help healthtech startups through mentorship, networking opportunities, partnerships with established companies and affordable workspace.
The 25,000 square-foot space will sit next to 1871, the tech incubator in operation since 2012.
The 10 new members are:
• 4D Healthware, which translates data into personalized, actionable suggestions to help users manage their weight, physical activity and chronic disease symptoms.
• Azuba, a cloud-based health-information network for patients, caregivers, physicians, hospitals and medical researchers, designed to let patients aggregate medical records from all of their health providers in a secure data vault.
• Benecure, a platform, initially focused on hypertension, designed to help users manage chronic conditions using smart devices and motivation through gamification.
• ClaimDocs, a centralized platform to help hire doctors for medical second opinions in workers' compensation and personal-injury cases.
• doc&i, pricing software for health care providers aimed at giving patients the best prices for prescription drugs.
• Double Helix Group, which is developing tele-health solutions for the prevention and self-management of chronic disease. The company hopes to provide affordable care online, supporting patient-doctor engagement between regular doctor visits.
• MedMatch, a hiring platform for health care workers that offers a cloud-based service for medical facilities to find, qualify, verify and get medical professionals started in new jobs.
• NanoCytomics, which is developing and commercializing non-invasive, low-cost, pre-screening cancer tests, using partial wave spectroscopy (PWS) technology developed at Northwestern University.
• Prana Diabetes, a service that brings together technology and social interaction to promote good lifestyle habits. The Prana platform keeps records of key health parameters, while creating a personal support network for diabetes patients.
• Purple Binder, which connects needy patients with services, such as housing support, counseling and food pantries, then verifies that the services were delivered.
0
Matter also announced its first mentors-in-residence, described as industry leaders who will spend at least one day per week at the incubator, working with member startups.
Participating in the program are Jordan Dolin, co-founder of Emmi Solutions; Dr. Richard Ferrans, a physician and former executive of several healthcare delivery companies; Dr. Steve Gould, interim executive director of Chicago Innovation Mentors and an entrepreneur-in-residence at UChicagoTech; and Sachin Gupta, co-founder of Skyline Global Partners. 
The 10 companies the incubator announced in November are:
• Cypris Medical, which develops technology for plastic surgeons, including a device for delivering sutures during surgery that the company says is easier to use and less invasive.
• Diagnostic Photonics (DxP), which is commercializing a handheld, high-resolution imaging system for cancer surgery.
• Fibroblast, which automates the physician-referral process to help health care providers keep patients in their provider networks.
• Foundry Health, which is commercializing an cloud-based clinical trial management system.
• Gradient Therapeutics, which is developing a trans-vascular, catheter-based technology to treat pulmonary hypertension.
• Janus Choice, which uses mobile technology to improve current hospital-to-extended-care-facility discharge processes.
• Quant HC, which aims to improve the speed and quality of patient medical data to improve care and lower costs.
• Real Dietitian, which provides phone and video appointments, connecting patients to a nationwide network of specialized dietitians.
• Shamrock Structures, which provides drug-discovery services in structural biology, medicinal chemistry and biological screening, with the goal of accelerating the identification of novel lead compounds.
• SugarSnap, which develops video-education platforms to update clinicians on current standards of care.
CORRECTION: This version reflects that Matter has named 30 companies, not 20. This version also adds names and descriptions of the 10 companies announced in November.

WHO  partners to address elder abuseTweet
December 12, 2014:  
Globally, the number of cases of elder abuse is projected to double, from 542 million in 1995 to about 1.2 billion in 2025. Many countries have rapidly ageing populations whose needs may not be fully met due to resource constraints. Abuse of the elderly presents a public health problem. The WHO is working with its partners to build evidence on the types of elder abuse in different settings and develop guidance for Member States and relevant sectors to prevent elder abuse and strengthen their responses to it.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

London Airspace Restricted Due to Technical FailureHELP
[{"id":15048938,"hedshort":"RADAR - Rain and Ice Impacting Parts of the South","description":"","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUweather80F196_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"RADAR - Rain and Ice Impacting Parts of the South","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUweather80F196_16x9_608.jpg"},{"id":14519615,"hedshort":"Dow Jones Industrial Average","description":"","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUMBS_DOW_JONES_LIVE_1280X720_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"Dow Jones Industrial Average","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUMBS_DOW_JONES_LIVE_1280X720_16x9_608.jpg"},{"id":20969244,"hedshort":"EXPLORE.ORG: Deep-Sea Camera Off North Carolina Coast","description":"Live look at the Frying Pan underwater cam in Cape Fear, CD","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/explore_AppleTV_20140725_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"EXPLORE.ORG: Deep-Sea Camera Off North Carolina Coast","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/explore_AppleTV_20140725_16x9_608.jpg"}]

Santelli Exchange: Money supply not growing fast enoughsantelli exchange: money supply not growing fast enough
Strong response needed to counter militant attacksCommuter rage, arson after suburban train services disrupted
A week after 11 security personnel were killed in terror attacks in Kashmir, Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar today said the militants had come from Pakistan and India will have to give “strong response” to check such “blatant attempts”.
The Defence Minister, who visited Kashmir yesterday, said a change in situation will emerge after six months as government was planning a number of steps but refused to elaborate.
“I feel that there has to be some strong response which will once and for all or at least reduce this blatant attempts. It’s an open secret that they (militants) came from Pakistan ” he said, adding, “You will see the developments in the next six months.”
The Defence Minister was replying to a question on whether India’s responses to militant attacks in Kashmir Valley have been effective.
Parrikar said his immediate priority is to ensure proper equipment and support to armed forces guarding the country in Jammu and Kashmir.
When pointed out that Pakistan possesses nuclear power and how the government will respond effectively, the Defence Minister said “nuclear doctrine asks us to maintain restraint.
“I am not talking of a full scale war. Full scale war is totally different. But if there are places where you get the terrorists across, there are people who do it. I think those people will have to be brought under pressure,” he said during Aaj Tak agenda programme.
The Kashmir Valley was last week rocked by four terror attacks by militants who stormed an Army camp in Uri leaving 11 security personnel, including a Lt Colonel, dead and killed two civilians in Tral, ahead of the third phase of polling in Assembly elections in the state.
Post Comments
More from miscellaneous

Stocks Close Higher for Fifth Week; Dow Sets Recordstocks close higher for fifth week; dow sets record
Switchback: Talking Tech (Dec. 12)1.  don't name your files "master passwords." 2.  email is not private.  3.  internal security is as important as external security?   And do you think there will be more interest in data-at-rest encryption both in the private and public sector?
A: Andrea Peterson
These are all good lessons. I'm cautiously optimistic at this point the sheer embarrassment of the Sony Pictures thing might cause some companies to freak out and take a look at their internal encryption practices. My experience has been that a lot of places practice a sort of crunchy on the outside, gooey on the inside type of security which really just doesn't work in this day and age. Most experts assume clients will be hacked at some point, and then its about being able detect it, isolate affected systems and do damage control. That becomes a lot scarier if a single entry point can give an adversary access to all of your business. 
Your employees
Are you biggest threat. A snub, bad review or getting the wrong office can send an employee into the hands of your enemies or a foreign govt. Employers really need to think about this. Also employees with big time financial problems can and will cause serious damage. A DOD Personnel Security Professional "Fear the Insider Threat"
Andrea Peterson
So the Switch is having a few weddings next year and wanted to mention two digital tools that have been helping me out. One of the freakiest things for me has been the near total lack of price transparency -- a lot of vendors don't put their prices on their sites, and even then since almost everyone wants something different you have to gather a bunch of individual quotes. And I'm finding that there are a lot of review sites, but many use weird number of dollar signs ratings or something. I've started using a site called Thumbtack to get bids on things I need, like wedding photography. It's been pleasantly surprising to just be able to say "my budget is X" and get back only responses that are actually within that budget. 
My other thing is shared Google docs. It has been an absolute lifesaver for keeping everything in one place and gathering addresses, etc. 
Anyone else out there have other tips, tricks, or services they've really liked? 
A: Hayley Tsukayama
I"ll give another endorsement to Google Docs, though really any shared editing service would do. 
 Otherwise, I admit my wedding planning has been pretty low-tech. Clearly I should be getting tips from Andrea.
— Dec 12, 2014 11:48 EST
A: Andrea Peterson
I have like six in budget wedding photographer options now, whereas before I was basically freaking out because it seemed like everyone charged thousands upon thousands of dollars. So, that's going well. This wedding might happen after all. 
— Dec 12, 2014 11:51 EST
A: Nancy Scola
One thing I liked was keeping some sort of digital photo collection of what you want (and don't want) for the wedding. Wedding's are pretty visual events and so I found it grounding to have something that reminded me what, in my saner moments, I wanted the thing to look like. 
— Dec 12, 2014 11:56 EST
A: Andrea Peterson
I've been pretty solid about staying away from Pinterest so far -- although not all of my wedding party has. 
— Dec 12, 2014 11:58 EST
A: Hayley Tsukayama
I was just about to bring up Pinterest, which I find a bit overwhelming. There's just so much....stuff.
I do have a binder (I told you, low-tech) but I haven't really been scouring too many bridal magazines for ideas. 

Rev Your Engines: Gas Prices Hit Four-Year Lowrev your engines: gas prices hit four-year low
Assam tea at the Nobel ceremony!Assam tea at the Nobel ceremony!
PTI
Tweet
Stockholm, Dec 10:  
There is an Assam connection to this year’s Nobel Prize ceremony here with a special tea served at the grand banquet coming from the northeastern state of India.
For the first time, the Nobel Museum Tea Blend, created in honour of the scientist and Nobel creator Alfred Nobel, formed a part of the Nobel Banquet.
The blend is made of Assam and Chinese Keemun tea.
“In honour of Alfred Nobel, we have composed a special tea blend. The blend is based on a Chinese Keemun tea produced in Qimen country situated in Anhui Province. Blended together with an Indian Assam tea, this tea attains a gorgeous colour and lovely scent,” the Nobel Museum here said about the unique tea.
“The tea is flavoured with the finest bergamot from Italy, complemented with the sweetness of Swedish raspberries and the fresh taste of orange. A true cosmopolitan blend,” it said.
The Nobel Museum Tea Blend was created in collaboration with tea specialist Vernon Mauris and is also sold exclusively at the Nobel Museum here.
Assam produces about 620 million kg of tea annually which is around 52 per cent of India’s total tea output.
The special Nobel blend comes at a time when Assam Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi is seeking national drink status for tea from the central government to provide an impetus to the consumption and promotion of Assam tea.
Five upper Assam districts of Golaghat, Jorhat, Sivasagar, Dibrugarh and Tinsukia alone produce over 400 million kg of tea annually.
The Assam government has already declared tea as the state’s official state drink and taken measures to promote Assam tea as a brand in the international market by participating in international trade fairs.
(This article was published on December 10, 2014)
Related

OPEC cuts 2015 global demand growth forecastUpdated: December 11, 2014 00:00 IST
OPEC cuts 2015 global demand growth forecast
Reuters
The Rumaila oil refinery in Basra, Iraq.
TOPICS
energy and resource
Says persistent low prices could slow 2015 shale growth
Global demand for OPEC crude in 2015 will be less than expected and far below its current output, the group said on Wednesday, pointing to a hefty supply surplus without OPEC output cuts or a slowdown in the U.S. shale boom.
In a monthly report, the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) forecast demand for the group’s oil will drop to 28.92 million barrels per day (bpd) in 2015, down 280,000 bpd from its previous expectation and over one million bpd less than it is now producing.
The report follows OPEC’s decision last month not to prop up prices by cutting output. Top exporter Saudi Arabia urged fellow members to combat the growth in U.S. shale, which needs relatively high prices to be economic and has been eroding OPEC’s market share.
OPEC’s November 27 decision to retain its output target of 30 million bpd sent prices plunging. Brent crude on Wednesday was trading below $66 a barrel, close to a five-year low and down more than 40 per cent since June.
The report cut its forecast for growth in global demand in 2015 due to a weaker outlook for Europe and Asia, and predicted higher supply growth from shale and other non-OPEC sources, although it said this may be slowed if prices stay weak.
“Should the current fall in crude prices continue over a longer period, it will impact the non-OPEC supply forecast for 2015, especially anticipated growth in tight crude,” OPEC's report said, using another term for shale oil.
For now though, OPEC’s report indicates that, with OPEC pumping 30.05 million bpd in November, according to secondary sources cited by the report, there will be a surplus of 1.13 million bpd in 2015, and 1.83 million bpd in the first half.
According to the secondary-source figures, OPEC output fell by 390,000 bpd from October, largely because of unrest in Libya and smaller reductions in Saudi Arabia and Kuwait.
Saudi Arabia told OPEC it trimmed production by 80,000 bpd — a reduction that industry sources said earlier this month probably reflects lower domestic demand in power plants rather than a cut in exports.
OPEC expects non-OPEC supply to rise by 1.36 million bpd in 2015, led by the United States. The forecast was raised by 120,000 bpd from last month’s report.
The producer group trimmed its forecast for global oil demand growth. It expects demand to rise by 1.12 million bpd next year, or 70,000 bpd less than previously thought.

Top ITC execs cash in on stocks healthyrunStreet sees good show after stellar year
The increased price momentum in the ITC stock has led many top executives to cash out on their holdings in the company. The share sale activity by the top in the recent past as the stock has defied concerns of a potential ban on loose cigarette sales. In the last one month, in which the stock has rallied 11%, executives have liquidated as many as 41.2 lakh shares in multiple open market operations. A list of the top share sale shows that YC Deveshwar, chairman and executive director of the Kolkata-based firm has sold 12.7 lakh shares with a total sell value of R47.5 crore. A compilation of large trades of more than 1 lakh shares shows that KN Grant, whole time director, has also sold shares worth R18.5 crore in early November.
In December alone the stock has hit multiple record highs, taking its year to date tally to 23%. As it peaked at R397.85 on Monday, the FMCG major replaced Reliance Industries as the second most valued listed firm in India boasting a market-cap of more than R3.1 lakh crore.
After observing some selling pressure as the health ministry mulled a proposal to prohibit sales of loose cigarettes, given that the cigarette business contributes more than 60% of the company’s annual revenue. However, subsequent media reports that the government is unlikely to carry out such a sanction has led to increased buying interest in the stock.
Post Comments
More from indianmarkets

Asian shares fall as oil fall hits risk sentimentAsian shares fall as oil fall hits risk sentiment
Reuters
Tweet
Tokyo, Dec 11:  
Asian stocks fell on Thursday as falling oil prices continued to feed into global growth concerns, while the dollar struggled against peers such as the yen and euro after a further drop in US bond yields.
MSCI’s broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was down 0.3 per cent as another large decline in oil prices took a heavy toll on energy shares and hit Wall Street hard overnight.
The volatile Shanghai Composite Index shed earlier gains and fell 0.3 per cent.
Crude oil
Crude oil prices fell as much as 5 per cent overnight after data underscored weak US demand and Saudi Arabia reiterated that it has no plans to curb output.
US crude posted a modest rebound on Thursday after the overnight tumble, gaining 0.8 per cent to $61.44 a barrel after falling to a 5-1/2 year low of $60.43 on Wednesday.
Tokyo’s Nikkei lost 1 per cent, pulling further back from 7-1/2 year highs hit at the week’s start, with sentiment bruised by the rout in US stocks.
Dollar vs yen
The dollar edged up 0.2 per cent to 118.09 yen, getting some respite after retreating from a seven-year high of 121.86 reached on Monday.
The S&P 500, at a record high just last Friday, fell to its lowest since early November on Wednesday.
“Recent nervousness in equity market sentiment is consistent with our view that equity fund positioning is near peak levels, which points to a near-term pullback,’’ strategists at Barclays said in a note to clients.
“With underperformance by active managers, we worry that redemptions will continue and force an unwinding of currently extended positioning,’’ they said.
In addition to declining oil, concerns over the political situation in Greece have also dented appetite for risk assets.
The euro gained 0.1 percent to $1.2456, putting further distance between a 2-1/2 year trough of $1.2247 hit on Monday.
Still, the divergence in US monetary policy from Europe and Japan could continue to favour the greenback in the long term.
New Zealand’s central bank governor said he expected to see the most quantitative easing since 2011 around the world next year, particularly as economic risks in Japan and Europe remain.
“There are question marks around Japan and certainly in Europe,’’ Reserve Bank of New Zealand Governor Graeme Wheeler told a media briefing.
RBNZ benchmark rate
The RBNZ on Thursday held its benchmark rate at a near six-year high and signalled further modest rate rises over time. That propelled the New Zealand dollar to a nine-day high of $0.7872 and away from a 2-1/2 year low of $0.7609 plumbed Tuesday.
The Australian dollar rose 0.4 per cent to $0.8348 after data showed Australian employment in November showed a much higher than expected rise.
The Aussie, another recent beneficiary of the retreating greenback, had fallen to a 4-1/2 year low of $0.8223 on Tuesday.
Safe-haven government debt remained better-bid. The benchmark 10-year Japanese government bond yield touched 0.390 per cent, its lowest since April 2013.
(This article was published on December 11, 2014)
Related

Audi launches A3 Cabriolet at Rs 44.75 lakh in IndiaHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Audi launches A3 Cabriolet at Rs 44.75 lakh in India
S Ronendra Singh
Audi A3 Cabriolet
New Delhi, Dec 11:  
Luxury car maker Audi India on Thursday launched its compact convertible, the sporty A3 Cabriolet, priced at Rs 44.75 lakh (ex-showroom, New Delhi).
The compact open top four-seater has elegant design, powerful efficient engine, lightweight construction and best in class features, the company said.
“The launch of the Audi A3 Cabriolet, the first compact luxury convertible in India, is yet another example of our customer-centric approach," Joe King, Head, Audi India, said here at the launch.
First showcased at the Auto Expo here in February, the car received an overwhelming response from customers and fans alike, which prompted the company to introduce this car into Audi's product line-up in India, he said.
"The Audi A3 Cabriolet perfectly embodies ‘Vorsprung durch technik’ and truly reflects ‘luxury without compromise’,” King said.
The new car is powered by 1.8 TFSI petrol engine (1798cc) with seven-speed S tronic transmission and has 180hp.
The car has a top speed of 240kmph and can go from 0-100kmph in 7.8 seconds, the company said.
It will be available in 17 colours, it added.
Meanwhile, market experts say the car is priced a bit high, which may not give good sales number to the company.
(This article was published on December 11, 2014)
Related

Sugar stocks gain on new ethanol pricing mechanismSugar stocks gain on new ethanol pricing mechanism
Nalinakanthi V
December 11, 2014:  
The market gave a thumbs-up to the Government’s new ethanol procurement mechanism.
The ethanol procurement price will henceforth be fixed by the Government (Ministry of Consumer Affairs, Food and Public Distribution) every year.
The delivered price for oil marketing companies (OMCs) for the current year will range between Rs 48.50 and Rs 49.50.
Sugar stocks - Balrampur Chini Mills, Bajaj Hindustan and Shree Renuka Sugars -- which have a meaningful distillery capacity, gained between 6 and 7 per cent in Thursday’s trade.
Despite the Government mandating 5 per cent ethanol blending with petrol back in November 2012, in reality, the blending rate has been just 2.5 per cent.
Due to absence of a transparent and uniform price fixation mechanism, unattractive price and hassles in transporting ethanol from the mills to OMCs’ depots, sugar companies were forced to curtail ethanol production.
But these have been largely addressed by the Government through its new procurement policy which was approved by the Cabinet Committee of Economic Affairs (CCEA) on Wednesday. The approved procurement mechanism is very positive for ethanol producers for three reasons.
Ethanol producers benefitted
First, the phasing out of the current benchmark-based price fixation by oil marketing companies and implementation of an uniform price mechanism will improve the viability of ethanol producers. Under the new regime, the Government will announce the procurement price at the beginning of the sugar season every year.
Second, the ethanol price fixed by the Government will not only take into consideration the cost of production but will also cover the state and central taxes, and transportation costs incurred by ethanol makers.
Third, signing of MoU with the respective State Governments for hassle-free inter-state transport across various depots, will make ethanol transportation seamless.
All these should help sugar makers improve profitability on ethanol sales. Also, now with clarity on the procurement and pricing mechanism, sugar makers may be willing to invest more in expanding their ethanol capacity. This will not only help sugar makers, but will also improve the ethanol availability for OMCs.
(This article was published on December 11, 2014)
Related

Sensex plunges 229 points; oil explorers lead the declineSensex plunges 229 points; oil explorers lead the decline
Our Bureau/Agencies
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 11:  
Indian equity market fell on Thursday for a fourth session in five, with oil explorers leading the decline as global crude prices continued their recent tumble, while blue chips such as Infosys fell on profit-taking.
The BSE index Sensex ended the session down by 229.09 points or 0.82 per cent at 27,602.01. Similarly, the NSE index Nifty fell 62.75 points or 0.75 per cent at 8,292.90.
Global stocks were down as the slump in oil and iron ore prices knocked resource-related shares lower and fuelled worries over the pace of global growth.
Sectoral indices
Barring healthcare, all other BSE sectoral indices ended in the red. Among them, oil & gas index fell the most by 2.48 per cent, followed by realty 2.03 per cent, IT 1.18 per cent and TECk 1.05 per cent. On the other hand, healthcare index was up 0.3 per cent.
Gainers, losers
ONGC (3.21%), Tata Steel (2.85%), Bharti Airtel (2.77%), Reliance (2.76%) and Tata Power (2.59%) were the major Sensex losers, while the top five gainers were Coal India (1.00%), Hindalco (0.91%), Dr Reddy's (0.86%), Maruti (0.53%) and BHEL (0.47%).
Early trade
The Nifty and the Sensex opened in the red on weak global cues. The Nifty opened 17 points down at 8,339, while the Sensex opened 35 points down at 27,796 before decreasing further.
Brokers' comment
Neelkanth Mishra, Managing Director and India Equity Strategist, Credit Suisse, said in the outlook for 2015: “Despite this steep rally, the valuation premium for India versus equities globally has not expanded as much; it is still only about 15 per cent off ten year lows, and significantly below the highs seen in early 2008. In many ways, the strength in Indian equities is backed by the rising preference for equities globally. Weighted average policy rates in nearly three-fifths of world economy are at 20bps, and the quantum of Quantitative Easing (QE) in 2015 is likely to be nearly double that in 2014.”
European markets
European stocks were down, losing ground for the fourth session in a row as this week’s slump in oil and iron ore prices hurts resource-related shares and fuels worries over the pace of global growth.
Asian markets
Asian stocks fell on Thursday as falling oil prices continued to feed into global growth concerns, while the dollar struggled against peers such as the yen and euro after a further drop in US bond yields.
US stocks
The Dow and S&P 500 fell on Tuesday following concerns about global weakness and political turmoil, while the Nasdaq edged higher along with tech shares and energy.
All three indexes pared losses after mid-day, with the S&P 500 cutting its decline in half. Apple shares were up 0.5 per cent and among the biggest boosts to the S&P 500 and Nasdaq. Advancing issues now outnumber declining ones on the NYSE by 1,654 to 1,416, for a 1.17-to-1 ratio.
Small-cap stocks also bounced, with the Russell 2000 index last up 1.4 per cent.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 91.58 points, or 0.51 per cent, to 17,760.9, the S&P 500 lost 7.22 points, or 0.35 per cent, to 2,053.09 and the Nasdaq Composite added 8.73 points, or 0.18 per cent, to 4,749.42.
(This article was published on December 11, 2014)
Related

Amazon hints at global ambitions for same-day deliverynew service
Amazon.com Inc is considering expanding its same-day delivery program globally, recent job listings show, underlining the importance of fast shipping to its ability to compete with the instant gratification offered by brick-and-mortar stores.
The No. 1 U.S. online retailer is also looking to add a same-day delivery option on all items sold by third-party merchants on its site, a move that some logistics experts said may help offset the high costs of speedy, last-mile delivery.
The company’s global ambitions for same-day delivery were echoed in at least seven listings for senior product and marketing jobs based at the company’s headquarters in Seattle, including three posted online this week.
“Our long-term vision is that customers can order and receive a sellers’ product the same day anywhere in the world,’’ according to one job listing posted in late October.
It is not clear when Amazon hopes to meet its goals and how it would extend same-day delivery to more third-party sellers, who account for 40 per cent of items sold on Amazon’s website and pay fees between 8 per cent and 20 per cent in most categories.
An Amazon spokesman declined to comment.
Amazon offers same-day delivery in just over a dozen U.S. cities, charging $5.99 for members of its Prime program while non-members pay $8.99. In October, the company launched a same-day delivery service in the United Kingdom with newspaper delivery company Connect Group PLC.
A senior product manager role advertised on Tuesday called for a candidate to shape the future of same-day delivery and “drive large worldwide projects with huge customer-facing and financial impact.’’
Offering fast shipping is a key piece of Amazon's strategy to compete with brick-and-mortar stores. But the effort is costly — during the first nine months of 2014, Amazon’s shipping costs were more than double its shipping revenue.
Some rivals, including eBay Inc, have pared back their same-day projects citing still-unproven consumer demand. Amazon also faces competition from Google Inc, which expanded its same-day delivery service this year, as well as on-demand delivery start-ups such as Postmates and Instacart.

Ceat to invest Rs 400 cr in Butibori plantUpdated: December 12, 2014 00:01 IST
Ceat to invest Rs 400 cr in Butibori plant
Special Correspondent
company information
Ceat on Thursday said it planned to invest Rs.400 crore in the first phase to set up a tyre plant at Butibori in Nagpur, Maharashtra.
The plant will be set up in three phases. Ceat, the flagship company of RPG Enterprises, in a statement said, the first tyre is expected to roll out of the plant by April, 2016, and on completion, the plant will have a capacity to make 1.2 million tyres annually. The new plant will be highly automated, and will make two and three-wheeler tyres.
“With this plant, we are looking to double our capacities within two years,” Ceat Managing Director Anant Goenka said in the statement. “This will give us the added impetus to increase our market share,” he said.
As a leading player in the tyre industry, Ceat has a capacity of over 700 tonnes a day and offers a wide range of tyres and radials to segments such as heavy-duty trucks and buses, light commercial vehicles, earthmovers, forklifts tractors, trailers, cars, motorcycles, scooters and auto-rickshaws.

Snapdeal acquires tech firm WishpickerUpdated: December 11, 2014 23:36 IST
Snapdeal acquires tech firm Wishpicker
Staff Reporter
merger, acquisition and takeover
Jasper Infotech, which owns online marketplace Snapdeal.com, on Thursday, said it had acquired Noida-based Wishpicker.com, which provides gifting concepts matched to the receiver. The purchase amount was not disclosed.
Wishpicker was started in 2013 by IIT-Delhi graduates Apurv Bansal and Prateek Rathore. It advises users on the gifts they could give based on the receiver’s age, personality and other factors.
Announcing the deal, Snapdeal.com co-founder Rohit Bansal said, “Our focus is to leverage technology to create life-changing experiences for buyers and sellers. We are investing in strengthening our technology platform.’’
Overall, this is Snapdeal’s fifth acquisition.

Vigilant but not apprehensive of CAD: Raghuram RajanVigilant but not apprehensive of CAD: Raghuram Rajan
Abhishek Law
Tweet
Raghuram Rajan
CAD has widened... we will be watching the direction...It is hard to maintain restrictions for too long a period.
Kolkata, December 11:  
The RBI remains vigilant about the widening current account deficit (CAD) but is not apprehensive of it, the Governor, Raghuram Rajan said here on Thursday.
"There are risks to current account. We are vigilant but not apprehensive on current account (deficit)," he said during a press conference.
As per latest reports, the current account deficit has widened to 2.1 per cent of the GDP.
"CAD has widened... we will be watching the direction... We will wait and watch," he said adding it is "hard to maintain restrictions for too long a period".
According to Rajan, at the time of falling oil prices, it was a good time to see what happens.
"It gives us some cushion," he said.
As the pressure of inflations weans, people will start depositing in stocks and fixed income securities instead of gold as investments. Jewellery is not a main concern.
The RBI governor was in the city to attend a board meeting.
(This article was published on December 11, 2014)
Related

Adam Berry / Getty Imagesadam berry / getty images
Lupin launches generic version of Celebrex in U.S. marketUpdated: December 11, 2014 20:47 IST
Lupin launches generic version of Celebrex in U.S. market
Special Correspondent
company information
Lupin Pharmaceuticals Inc., the US subsidiary of Indian pharmaceutical major, Lupin launched the authorised generic for G.D.Searle LLC’s (a subsidiary of Pfizer) Celebrex capsules in 50 mg, 100 mg, 200 mg and 400 mg strengths in the US market. Celebrex is used in the treatment of arthritis.
Lupin had earlier signed a licensing agreement with Pfizer Inc. regarding Celebrex, a statement from Lupin said.
Celebrex had annual US sales of US$ 2.54 billion (IMS MAT September 2014) and completes with players like Teva, Myland and Actavis in the market.
Lupin has launched a total of 8 products during the current fiscal and now has over 75 products in the market with leadership in 31 products in the US generics market. Lupin’s cumulative ANDA (Abbreviated New Drug Application) filings with the US FDA stood at 200 at end-September 2014 and it has received 106 approvals to date.
On the Bombay Stock Exchange, Lupin rose 0.4 per cent to Rs 1436.65.

US burger chain Carls Jr to enter IndiaHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
US burger chain Carl’s Jr to enter India
Meenakshi Verma Ambwani
Believes India will become largest market after US; plans to open 100 outlets
New Delhi, December 11:  
American burger chain Carl’s Jr, which will open its first restaurant here next year, believes India could become one of its largest international markets outside the US in the long term. The company has aggressive plans to open about 100 restaurants in the next five years.
Ned Lyerly, President-International, CKE Restaurants Holdings Inc, the parent company of Carl’s Jr, said, “India is in the middle of the burger revolution and we believe this is the perfect time for our brand to be launched in the country in terms of the size of the market, growth in the organised food services market, as well as evolution of the market.”
He said the brand is in the middle of low-priced burger chains and premium burger chains and its restaurants are positioned in the fast casual dining space.
Lyerly said the company has been focusing on taking the brand to emerging international markets, such as India, and has been opening far more restaurants internationally than in the US in the past four years.
With India’s organised food services industry growing at 15 per cent year-on-year, the country offers the right opportunity for the company to enter the country right now. “India has the potential and could end up becoming our largest international market over time. Right now, Mexico is our biggest market outside US,” he added. Sam Chopra, Chairman & Founder, Cybiz BrightStar Restaurants, the master franchisee of Carl’s Jr in India, said, “Next year, we hope to open about five restaurants which will be largely in Delhi-NCR, and we are also hoping to open one in Chandigarh. We will first focus on North India, before moving to other regions.” It will focus on opening company-owned and operated restaurants before appointing sub- franchisees. The burger chain said more than half of its menu has been revamped for Indian consumers, with a wide variety of vegetarian items on offer.
“Initially we are looking to expand in the tier 1 markets, but we believe second tier markets offer a huge opportunity, and we plan expand to these cities in the next two-three years. We have studied the market to develop processes to offer both vegetarian and non vegetarian options,” said Lyerly.
Asked if the company would be introducing other outlets besides restaurants, he said the company may look at smaller formats, such as kiosks for malls, and mobile restaurants in the form of food trucks. Chopra said food trucks are a great way to test markets as well as brand building, but the company would first focus on establishing its restaurants.
(This article was published on December 11, 2014)
Related

Despite slowdown  India among the fastest growing markets for diamondsHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
‘Despite slowdown, India among the fastest growing markets for diamonds’
Our Bureau
Sales of De Beers Group brand have almost doubled last year, says Forevermark chief
New Delhi, December 11:  
Despite softer consumer sentiment, global diamond major De Beers Group said its brand Forevermark has seen rapid growth in India. Stephen Lussier, CEO, Forevermark, part of the De Beers Group of Companies, said: “Forevermark has had a fantastic year in India. Despite the overall slow economy and slow sales, we have nearly doubled sales and are growing strongly.”
Expansion
The Forevermark brand is available across 22 key cities in the country and the company is looking to expand in new cities, in partnership with leading jewellery retailers. India has been a success story for the diamond industry, as it is a major diamond centre for cutting and polishing of all qualities and sizes and has a huge skill base, said Lussier, speaking on the sidelines of the World Diamond Conference, which was attended by both Russian President Vladimir Putin and Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
“What is perhaps less known is the extraordinary growth of India as a consumer of diamond jewellery. Over the last decade, we have seen a big increase in the percentage of diamond jewellery purchases, making India and China the two fastest growing markets,” he said.
Lussier said this is due to the growing capacity of the upper middle-class to buy diamonds. The company recently conducted an extensive consumer study that showed growth in consumption and purchases of diamond jewellery in India in the past decade.
India is the third largest diamond consumer, in terms of value, among the top countries.
“Of the diamonds that we sell overall, about 10 per cent are sold to Indian consumers. Of course, nearly nine out 10 diamonds from our mines are cut and polished in India. We are optimistic about the opportunity offered by the economic growth in India,” he added.
(This article was published on December 11, 2014)
Related

Oil markets extend this week s losses on concerns that supplies are outstripping demand.oil markets extend this week s losses on concerns that supplies are outstripping demand.
Tribune Tower redevelopment under considerationTribune Tower redevelopment under consideration
Caption Bird's eye view
Tribune archive photo
A bird's-eye view of the construction of the Chicago Tribune Tower in 1924.
A bird's-eye view of the construction of the Chicago Tribune Tower in 1924. (Tribune archive photo)
The Tribune Tower under construction.
The Tribune Tower under construction. (Tribune archive photo)
Caption One year to go
Tribune archive photo
The Tribune Tower one year away from construction in 1924. It opened to the public July 6, 1925.
The Tribune Tower one year away from construction in 1924. It opened to the public July 6, 1925. (Tribune archive photo)
Caption Under construction
Tribune archive photo
The Tribune Tower under construction in 1925. Parts of the building were occupied while it was being completed.
The Tribune Tower under construction in 1925. Parts of the building were occupied while it was being completed. (Tribune archive photo)
The Tribune Tower under construction in 1924.
The Tribune Tower under construction in 1924. (Tribune archive photo)
Landmark Tribune Tower property could see major expansion
Tribune Media has plans for iconic Michigan Avenue tower
The landmark Tribune Tower may become part of a major Michigan Avenue redevelopment project.
Tribune Media, which owns the iconic neo-Gothic tower, unveiled broad plans at a New York investor presentation Thursday that could potentially triple the building's space with residential, retail and hotel components.
"Tribune Tower, our iconic office tower, it sits in one of the best locations in Chicago — Michigan Avenue at the river — and it's a prime candidate for redevelopment," said Murray McQueen, president of Tribune Real Estate.
Tribune real estate
Graham McKenna, Tribune Real Estate
Tribune Media unveiled a concept for redevelopment of the area at its 5-acre site at 700 W. Chicago Ave.
Tribune Media unveiled a concept for redevelopment of the area at its 5-acre site at 700 W. Chicago Ave. (Graham McKenna, Tribune Real Estate)
Tribune Tower has 737,000 square feet of space, but is zoned for up to 2.4 million square feet of development, McQueen said, allowing for some 1.7 million square feet of potential development.
Nothing is imminent, however. McQueen said redeveloping the Tower is a multiyear process requiring a series of governmental approvals.
Designed by Raymond Hood and John Mead Howells and built in 1925, Tribune Tower looms as a popular tourist stop on the way to stores, restaurants and hotels lining Michigan Avenue.
Tribune Media wants to turn the building into a destination, adding the recently opened Dylan's Candy Bar in a 13,000-square-foot ground-floor space that has been vacant for more than five years. It is a short-term lease, leaving flexibility for more ambitious long-term redevelopment, McQueen said.
8
"The lease provides great interim cash flow (and) really, really activates the location. It also is structured so as not to inhibit our ability to redevelop that building in the future," McQueen said.
Named a Chicago landmark in 1989, the 34-story Tribune Tower itself would likely remain a centerpiece of any redevelopment, executives said. A conceptual study includes an artist's rendering of how the redevelopment might play out.
In the drawing, a parking lot east of the Tower has been filled with a squat building, while a much taller building rises up above the Tower to the north, occupying what appears to be the current Chicago Tribune newsroom along Illinois Street.
"Redevelopment options could include repurposing portions of the existing structure, combined with doing new construction to incorporate office, residential, retail, hotel components," McQueen said.
McQueen said the drawing shows a conceptual rendering of what the excess development rights could mean to the site to provide context relative to the size of the Tower.
"The one thing we know for sure, it's not going to look like this," he said. "It's a massing study."
It would be an Awesome spot for a Public Storage, Trib Newspaper should find a more Modern Location.
arosario
6
Chicago-based Tribune Media, previously known as Tribune Co., spun off its newspaper business in August to focus on its broadcasting and entertainment assets. The company began trading last week on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol TRCO, moving from over-the-counter markets.
As part of the spinoff, Tribune Media retained a real estate portfolio that includes 80 assets, 8 million square feet and 1,200 acres of land. The real estate portfolio brings in about $50 million annually in revenue, most of which comes from rent paid by Tribune Publishing newspapers, including the Chicago Tribune and Los Angeles Times.
The properties are valued at $650 million, but Tribune Media sees significant upside in optimizing the portfolio, with an estimated market value of $1 billion, McQueen said.
In September, Tribune Real Estate announced plans to pursue redevelopment of a closed insertion plant on a 5-acre site at 700 W. Chicago Ave., near its Freedom Center printing plant along the Chicago River. The company is still seeking partners for the redevelopment, but it unveiled an artist's rendering Thursday of what the project might look like.
"We're now in the market taking offers from potential joint venture partners, with the intent of rezoning it for high-density use," McQueen said.
Tribune Real Estate is also pursuing projects at sites in Orlando and Fort Lauderdale in Florida, and Costa Mesa, Calif., but McQueen pointed to its flagship properties — Tribune Tower in Chicago and Times Mirror Square in Los Angeles — as the most attractive redevelopment opportunities to "capitalize on the renaissance of urban centers."
Tribune Co. previously explored selling Tribune Tower and Times Mirror Square before taking the properties off the market in 2009. McQueen didn't rule out selling anything within the portfolio, but that's not his plan, he said.
"To liquidate these legacy holdings at this juncture would be giving away a huge amount of upside, as many of these assets have the potential to be large, transformational development sites in the future," McQueen said. "The long term goals, they take time, they take money. But we expect them to have huge payoff potential when finished."

Employee Engagement: It s on the Rebound -- and What It Means for Productive Leadersreddit
Good news! According to the research firm Modern Survey, employee engagement is at an eight-year high in 2014; in fact, it's at its highest since they began their annual survey in 2007 of 1,000 full-time employees at more than 100 companies. Companies like Modern Survey and Gallup have been trumpeting the benefits of engagement for years, so many organizations have given it serious effort.
Company efforts have gone beyond company-wide "empowerment sessions," where everyone gets things like rocks, light-up bouncy-balls, and identical plants to emphasize their status as a team (and yes, I've heard of or experienced all of these and more). Now leadership focuses on decreasing turnover rates, bridging skills gaps, offering continued learning experiences, and allowing greater workplace flexibility. When handled properly, all these efforts make workers more willing to engage.
How 'Bout That Unemployment Rate!
Meanwhile, the unemployment rate dipped below 5.9% in September 2014--the lowest point in six years, down from 7.2% a year before. As of mid-October, new unemployment claims had dipped to a 14-year low. This may contribute to the increased engagement Modern Survey has recorded. You might think engagement would increase when jobs are scarce; however, people tend to be more worried when they know they can easily be replaced. A fearful employee isn't apt to engage; it's far easier when you're not concerned about keeping your job.
Why It All Matters
All this engagement looks like it might be paying off, which is great for productivity. When employees enjoy their jobs enough to give it their all--and pour their discretionary time and effort into it--productivity soars. This can translate into greater company profits. As a leader, focus on the areas that boost engagement:
Training

Brent crude drops to 5-1/2 year low of $63 on supply glut  demand woesBrent crude drops to 5-1/2 year low of $63 on supply glut, demand woes
Reuters
Tweet
Beijing, Dec 12:  
Brent crude continued its march downwards on Friday and dropped to a 5-1/2-year low of $63 a barrel, bringing this week’s losses to more than 8 per cent amid persistent concerns over a supply glut and a bearish demand outlook.
The Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC), which accounts for a third of global oil output, cut its 2015 demand forecast to the lowest in more than a decade earlier this week.
“The recent bout of weakness has been a function of the concerns shifting a little bit more to the demand side now,’’ said Mark Keenan, head of commodities research in Asia for Societe Generale in Singapore.
“There has been perhaps a little bit of neglect of what the demand profile’s going to be like next year.’’
Front-month Brent crude slipped 35 cents to trade at $63.33 by 0322 GMT, after touching $63.00, the lowest intra-day level since July 2009. Brent traded above $115 in June.
January US crude was down 75 cents at $59.20, after falling more than a dollar to a low of $58.80, also the weakest since July 2009. The contract has lost more than 10 per cent so far this week.
Chinese data awaited
Oil markets are now waiting for top energy consumer China to release monthly crude output and refinery data as well as money supply data later in the day for more trading cues.
Weak economic indicators could put further downward pressure on oil prices, which have been hammered this year and plunged around 40 percent over the past five months.
Remarks by Saudi Arabia's oil minister reiterating that the kingdom will not cut output and a surprise jump in US crude and distillate inventories have driven crude down prices this week.
Battle for market share
OPEC exporters are locked in a battle for market share. Kuwait has set the official selling price for its crude sales to Asian buyers for January at $3.95 a barrel below the average of Oman/Dubai quotes, a trader said on Thursday, the lowest it has been since December 2008.
The market outlook is uncertain with some speculating that other OPEC members such as Algeria and Venezuela may convince the group to hold an emergency meeting early next year. Yet others doubt that Saudi Arabia would agree to production cuts even if such a meeting is held.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

RBI  Govt to discuss timeline for 2-6% inflation target: RajanVideo: Current account deficit comfortable despite widening: Raghuram Rajan
NEW DELHI/MUMBAI, Dec 12:  
The Reserve Bank of India will start talks with the government for an "appropriate timeline" to ensure the economy is within a medium term inflation target of 2-6 per cent, Governor Raghuram Rajan said on Friday.
"Going forward, we will discuss an appropriate timeline with the government in which the economy should move to the centre of the medium term inflation band of 2-6," Rajan said in a lecture at an industry event.
Rajan added "a glide path" towards lowering inflation to those levels worked best for India by ensuring moderate economic growth.
The RBI governor also proposed a debate on whether India needed more institutions "to ensure deficits stay within control and the quality of budgets is high," noting other countries had independent bodies that provided opinions on fiscal budgets.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

Bangalore man handles Islamic State s top Twitter accountEYE BROWSE
Executive from Bangalore handles Islamic State's top Twitter account
His tweets were seen by over two million times making the handle the most influential Twitter account for the Islamic State.
Yahoo India –  Fri 12 Dec, 2014
Print
NEW DELHI: An Indian executive based in Bangalore could be the one handling the dreaded terrorist organisation Islamic State's Twitter account, a report in Britain's Channel 4 has revealed.
The TV channel identified the person as 'Mehdi', who has been working with an 'Indian conglomerate' in Bangalore. The report also reveals that Mehdi ran the Twitter account @ShamiWitness which has over 17,000 followers.
His tweets were seen by over two million times making the handle the most influential Twitter account for the Islamic State.
The channel says that the man's full name cannot be revealed as his life would be in danger.
The report further reveals that 'Mehdi' spends most of his time sending out thousand of tweets of propaganda about the militant group, acting as a channel between jihadis and recruits.
About two third of the Islamic State foreign fighters on Twitter followed him. He has been speaking to British jihadis before they left to join the terror group.
Speaking to Channel 4 News, Mehdi said he was keen to join Islamic State but could not for financial constraints: "If I had a chance to leave everything and join them I might have.. my family needs me here."
After being contacted Channel 4, Mehdi shut down his Twitter account.
Read the full report here
Recommend

Sensex plunges 251 points on weak global cues; IIP  retail inflation data eyedSensex plunges 251 points on weak global cues; IIP, retail inflation data eyed
Our Bureau/Agencies
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 12:  
The benchmark equity indices fell by close to a percentage on Friday, rounding up a week of disappointing market action.
The Nifty, which opened in the green in the morning, started falling during mid-day trade, ending the session 68 points lower at 8,224.10. The Sensex lost over 251 points, closing at 27,350.68.
The broader market took major hits as well, with the BSE mid-cap index down 131 points to 10,108.60 while the small-cap space fell by over 168 points to 11,068.48.
All major sectoral indices were down on Friday, with oil and gas, capital goods and realty losing the most. The healthcare sector was the only bright spot in an otherwise dreary market, with Torrent, Aurobindo, Ipca Labs and Natcopharma all moving up.
Among the biggest gainers on the BSE were Amara Raja Batteries, which moved up nearly five per cent, Emami (up 3.7 per cent) and Jubilant Foodworks Ltd, which gained nearly four per cent. Among Friday’s biggest losers were Jet Airways (down nine points), Sun TV (down 8.55 points) and Suzlon Energy Ltd (down over seven points).
Volatility was pronounced during the session, with India Vix at 13.7525, up 7.67 per cent. Gold and crude oil fell further on Friday, while the rupee fell 0.08 per cent against the dollar.
Jayant Manglik, President – Retail distribution, Religare Securities, said, "The domestic markets slipped below the crucial support levels mainly due to cautiousness among the participants ahead of the two important macro-economic data: CPI inflation and IIP. We shall be seeing participants reacting on the macro-economic numbers in early trade on Monday and that would set the tone for the rest of the day.”
European markets
European shares fell on Friday, with renewed declines in the prices of oil hitting energy stocks, while political concerns over Greece also pegged back equities.
Asian markets
The dollar rose on Friday after upbeat US data suggested weaker oil prices are providing additional momentum for the American economy, which also underpinned Asian shares.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

House Approves $1.1T Bill Financing GovernmentThe Ohio State Buckeyes' upset victory over the University of Alabama's Crimson Tide Thursday was among the surprising...
Brian Blanco/Getty Images

ArcelorMittal  Tata Steel to start hedging i...ArcelorMittal
(Iron ore derivative volumes…)
LONDON: Top steelmakers ArcelorMittal and Tata Steel are dipping their toes into iron ore derivatives, marking a crucial milestone in developing trade for the world's second-largest commodity after oil.
Although the steelmakers continue to say publicly they do not use such products, sources said ArcelorMittal hedged a block of iron ore trades in September while Tata recently decided to use derivatives on a small scale next year.
"Arcelor are definitely trading iron ore swaps, they were active in September. But it's not being pushed top-down - they're trying to figure out how to organise themselves," a source with knowledge of the matter said.
A separate source said the decision to hedge at Tata had been taken at board level.
Both steelmakers declined to comment. Market sources say the two companies had opposed iron ore and steel derivatives on the grounds that such instruments could give speculators undue price influence.
Iron ore derivative volumes are set to reach some 550 million tonnes this year, having roughly doubled every year since their launch by the Singapore Exchange in 2009.
Steelmakers and merchants in China - by far the world's biggest iron ore consumer - embraced the products.
Now, with the cautious entry of ArcelorMittal and Tata, a trend could be set in motion whereby smaller rivals follow suit, speculators jump in and volumes soar even further.
"The entry of the mills could bring the derivatives market to a tipping point fairly soon," said Steve Randall , managing director of price-setting agency The Steel Index .
"I expect next year we'll see over 1 billion tonnes of iron ore derivatives traded. That's getting close to the 1.3 billion tonnes of physical seaborne iron ore traded each year," he added.
The popularity of iron ore derivatives coincided with an explosion in spot market volumes around five years ago, when the market moved from annual benchmark pricing to shorter-term contracts based on daily indices. That raised price volatility and the need by industry participants to better manage risk.
Prices of iron ore - a key steelmaking input - have been volatile this year, falling 48 per cent. While this should increase hedging needs, some experts say weak prices might temper enthusiasm among smaller steelmakers for hedging.
"High-cost iron ore producers have been priced out of the market, so price volatility could ebb next year. Smaller steelmakers could then say iron ore is not that volatile so why hedge," an industry source said.
However, most agree the script for iron ore has been set. They note that steelmakers are already under pressure from their clients to use derivatives in order to offer supply contracts that have prices fixed for several years.
"We're approaching investors who we want to sell windmills to and if we have a big risk on the steel element it makes us less attractive. One-year contracts are good but we'd like two-to three-year contracts," said Nikolag Ager Hamann, from the procurement department at wind-farm developer Dong Energy .
FEATURED ARTICLES

TCS on track to exceed 55K hiring target |  Seasonal trends to impact Q3 revenueAjoyendra Mukherjee
(TCS today said it is undertaking…)
BENGALURU: IT giant TCS today said it is undertaking a performance-based workforce restructuring , but it is not a "retrenchment" exercise and the company may exceed its target of hiring 55,000 new professionals this fiscal.
Without giving any specific numbers for employees to be affected by this "continuous" restructuring process, the HR head of the country's largest software exporter also said that "it is not that everyone being relieved is a bad performer."
"It is not a special process. It is a continuous process," TCS EVP & Head - Global HR Ajoyendra Mukherjee told reporters here.
His comments follow reports about TCS undertaking a significant performance-related restructuring of its workforce, which may also lead to some employees being asked to leave the company.
Downplaying it as a "regular exercise", Mukherjee also said that the company was on track to meet its gross hiring target of 55,000 employees in the current fiscal ending March 31, 2015, and may even exceed it.
"This (restructuring) is nothing new what we are doing. This is something that goes on throughout the year. We are a performance-oriented organisation, we continue to look at the performance of each and every individual...we do have appraisal process, we measure how people are doing," he said.
"As we say, we are an organisation where we would like people to come in and make a career and continue to grow, but while doing that there are some business needs and there are people's aspirations, both have to match to a certain extent."
Mukherjee said there are different kinds of challenges that may lead to involuntary attrition.
"Some of you may ask, what is the kind of target that I have for this? My answer is I don't have a target, it is not a target driven exercise because if it was that- then it would be more of a retrenchment process. I'm not going through that."
About hiring plans, Mukherjee said "If you look at my hiring target - 55,000 - I'm on track, probably we will be doing more. At this stage I'm not in a position to tell you by how much, but we will definitely exceed that target".
He said that the company has a campus offer target of 35,000 people and it has already made over 31,000 offers and more than 3000 offers would be made during the fiscal.
"It (restructuring) is more of a business need vis-a-vis people's aspiration matching; it goes on throughout the year and it is not that is something happening today," Mukherjee added.
Stating that it is too early to comment on 2016 hiring outlook, he said "planning is on at this point in time, by end of February or early March I will announce the number.
At the end of last quarter ended September 30, 2014, TCS had a total headcount of 3,13,757 following a gross employee addition of over 20,000 people.
The company generated consolidated revenues of USD 13.4 billion for year ended March 31, 2014.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Plunging Gas Costs Lower US Producer Prices in November  Keeping Lid on InflationThe Ohio State Buckeyes' upset victory over the University of Alabama's Crimson Tide Thursday was among the surprising...
Brian Blanco/Getty Images

US warns India over  business as usual  with Russia as Vladimir Putin meets Narendra ModiIndia manufacturing activity expands to 2-year high as orders surge; PMI at 54.5 in Dec
The US today reemphasised that it was not the right time for “business as usual” with Russia, a day after India and Russia signed 20 bilateral agreements in key areas like oil, gas and defence during President Vladimir Putin’s visit to New Delhi.
“We’ve seen press reporting on India concluding business, nuclear and defence deals with Russia, but not confirmation of those agreements or specifics of what those agreements would entail. Our view remains that it’s not time for business as usual with Russia,” US State Department spokesperson Marie Harf said.
She also said it is not the time for the US to do business with Russia given its action in Ukraine.
Russia has been heavily sanctioned by the US and EU for their support of pro-Moscow rebels in eastern Ukraine as well as for Russia’s annexation of the Ukrainian peninsula of Crimea earlier this year.
Ahead of Putin’s visit to New Delhi, the US state department last week had voiced concerns over possible bilateral agreements between India and Russia.
“As we’ve said before, now is not the time for business as usual with Russia,” the US state department spokesperson had said.
“We’ve conveyed this, certainly, to our allies and to our partners across the world,” she had said.
In a boost to their “special strategic partnership”, Russia yesterday agreed to build at least 12 nuclear reactors in India besides manufacturing advanced dual-use helicopters as the two countries signed 20 agreements in oil, gas, defence, investment and other key sectors.
Post Comments
More from economy

Madan Mitra arrest act of political vendetta: Mamataarrest
“I will visit Madan (Mitra)… Arrest me with whatever police Narendra Modi and Amit Shah have at their disposal”
Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee on Friday described the arrest of West Bengal Minister Madan Mitra as “political vendetta.” She said the BJP government was using the CBI as a “political tool.”“Who are these people? Are they super gods?” Ms. Banerjee asked at a press conference here.
She openly challenged the BJP-led government at the Centre to arrest her.
Describing Mr. Mitra’s arrest as “illegal and unconstitutional,” she questioned the jurisdiction of the CBI in arresting her Cabinet colleague. Accusing the BJP of indulging in political vendetta, Ms. Banerjee said the party was using the Central agency as a “political tool.”
She said none from the State government or even the Speaker of the West Bengal Assembly was informed about the arrest. "It is a dangerous situation ... the BJP is trying to bulldoze the democratic institutions,” Ms. Banerjee said.
The Chief Minister also saw a conspiracy in the arrest being made on Friday, stating that his Minister was arrested on the day as courts and Parliament would not function during the weekend. She also challenged the CBI to arrest her.
“I will go and visit Madan at the SSKM Hospital, if he is taken there. Let me see them arrest me. Let me see how many police Narendra Modi has and how many goons Amit Shah have,” Ms. Banerjee said at a press conference here.
She drew a parallel between the Saradha scam and the scam of the Sahara group and said many players had endorsed the Sahara group which did not mean that they were guilty.

Saradha scam: Madan Mitras arrest fixed at meeting between Amit Shah and CBI  says TrinamoolCongressWritten by Sabyasachi Bandopadhyay | Kolkata |
Posted: December 13, 2014 5:02 am | Updated: December 13, 2014 10:59 am
Moments after the CBI arrested state Sports and Transport Minister Madan Mitra in the Saradha scam, Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee slammed the ruling BJP at the Centre, Prime Minister Narendra Modi and BJP president Amit Shah, saying the arrest was “a conspiracy to destroy democracy in the country”.
Also Read: Biman Bose asks Mamata Banerjee to be ready for CBI grilling 
Terming the arrest as “wrong, unconstitutional, undemocratic, unethical, destructive and illegal and an act of political vendetta ”, Mamata announced a huge rally that will be held in central Kolkata on Saturday to protest against the “CBI’s political move”.
“The arrest of Madan Mitra is unconstitutional and speaks of political vendetta. The BJP has thrown a challenge and we have accepted it. Tomorrow, I am going to visit Madan at SSKM Hospital. Let Narendra Modi’s police and Amit Shah’s goondas prevent me. They are destroying democracy. They are ruining the country. The present central government is now being controlled by the RSS and it is quite evident,’’ said Banerjee.
However, CBI sources said that Mitra would not be admitted to SSKM, as doctors have said that the minister was fine. Mitra would be produced before the court on Saturday.
The Trinamool Congress, which is weighing all options on whether a privilege motion could be moved in the state Assembly on the issue, will raise the same in the Parliament too.
Mamata said that by arresting Mitra, the CBI had transgressed all limits. “They have not informed the Assembly Speaker. They did not consult us. Madan is unwell and has several medical problems. The Centre has unleashed a reign of coercion. The CBI has become a political tool in the hands of the BJP. In fact, the Centre is now at the hands of the RSS,’’ she said.
Describing it as a conspiracy against her government, Mamata said the decision to arrest Mitra was taken during Amit Shah’s recent visit to Kolkata. “Shah is doing this keeping in mind the Kolkata Municipal Corporation elections next year. But I am telling you, it will all be in vain. Modi promised to bring back black money. What happened to the promise? Also, the arrest has hurt the sentiments of the people,” she added.
“Now, the CBI will take anybody it likes. I urge all parties who fight against the BJP to unite. If they are willing we can join them,’’ Mamata said.
Claiming that two days ago, Mitra had handed over his resignation letter to her, Mamata said: “I told him he will have to stay on as minister. I won’t accept his resignation. He is one of our ablest ministers. He is quite popular among players, as he had distributed lots continued…

Merry Mitzvah!  Layaway Angels  Pay Off Thousands in ToysMerry Mitzvah! 'Layaway Angels' pay off thousands in toys
Ben Popken TODAY
Email
Brandon Goodwin / TODAY
Stacey Heyward hugs Lee Karchawer, founder of "Pay Away The Layaway," after the group used crowdsourced funds to pay off her layaway plan at a Kmart in the Bronx, New York on December 12th, 2014.
According to his mom, Lee Karchawer is "the Jewish Santa." His passion is paying off the layaway plans of strangers during the holiday times. He's a layaway angel, and this year, he's going national.
Layaway, which lets people pay off their merchandise slowly over a few weeks before taking it, is a way for those on a budget to save up for bigger items or bundles. At big retailers the plans are usually free to start but require a modest down payment, such as $10 or 10 percent. If the plans have to be canceled, the items go back on the shelf and customers get their money back, minus a small fee, usually $10.
But sometimes those final payments can be a stretch for scrimpers and savers. 
Enter the "layaway angels." Motivated by the spirit of the season, they go to stores during the holidays and pay off the layaway plans of others. 
This Wednesday, an anonymous woman paid off all the layaway plans at one Toys 'R Us in Bellingham, Massachusetts. That's over 150 plans and $20,000 worth of presents, said spokesman Bjorn Trowery.
The trend seems seems to have picked up steam in 2011 when the story of one woman who began anonymously paying off plans hit the national press and went viral. Her story inspired others.
At Kmart, strangers have paid more than $1.5 million in other's layaway contracts since 2011, when the store first began keeping track. Wal-Mart says it sees thousands of layaway angel episodes each year. Toys 'R Us saw 600 of these in 2013, some for plans as small as $100, others into the thousands.
Tears and hugs fill the footage of the Bronx layaway spree captured by Pay Away the Layaway.
"It's the holiday season and people are looking for fun ways to spread holiday cheer," said Trowery. "People are in this holiday mindset of paying it forward."
Unlike donating to charity, the results and rewards are immediate and visceral.
One of those angels is Karchawer. The 31-year-old mild-mannered marketing professional is the founder of Pay Away The Layaway , a 501(c)(3) non-profit that crowdsources tax-deductible donations online to fund layaway payoff sprees at stores across the country.
Early on a Wednesday morning in a lower-income neighborhood in the Bronx, several customers lined up at a layaway counter at Kmart. In a storeroom behind the counter sat Disney "Elsa" dolls and other "Frozen" items, Roboraptors, and other toys and kid's clothing, all set aside for customers, awaiting their final payment. Only then could they be released to be placed in wrapping paper and hidden in closets until they are eventually placed under Christmas trees.
Karchawer and several members of his team, all wearing hats and matching custom-designed "Layaway Angel" t-shirts, walked up to the customers at the counter and introduced themselves.
Brandon Goodwin / TODAY
Lee Karchawer swipes a credit card to pay off the layaway plan of Stacey Heyward, who the month before lost everything she owned in an apartment fire.
"We're here to surprise you today by paying off the remaining balances on your layaway," said Karchawer.
He then began swiping a credit card, funded by online donations, paying off nearly $3,000 in layaway plans.
A chorus of "Wow's" and "Thank you's" went up from the customers, followed by a round of applause.
Then came the outpouring of gratitude, and tears from angels, customers, and Kmart associates alike.
"It couldn't come at a better time. I just had a fire and lost everything," said teacher Stacey Heyward, wiping away tears from her eyes. She and Karchawer hugged. The layaway angels took care of the remaining $200 balance on her layaway plan, which included Play-Doh, dolls for her daughter, and tools for her son who had recently graduated from technical college.
"I feel like someone just gave me a million dollars," said Nancy Gomez, a Mary-Kay saleswoman. The day before she was making calls to try to borrow money to pay off the rest of her layaway plan. To save money this year, her family had agreed to only give the kids presents.
"I can't explain how I feel right now," said Matrice Everett, a homeless shelter worker who says she lives paycheck to paycheck and turned to layaway after her credit rating fell. "This is really Merry Christmas."
Brandon Goodwin / TODAY
Lee Karchawer and Pay Away the Layaway board member Ian Bel smile as Matrice Everett fills up her cart with presents.
Hearing stories like those, said Karchawer afterward, "that's the kind of thing that rips you up." Growing up middle-class in upstate New York as the son of two teachers he said he usually "got everything he wanted" for Hanukkah. So as an adult, he wanted to give back, but didn't know exactly how or where.
Then, after he won an online photo contest by drumming up votes on social media, he got the idea to channel that power to make "mitzvahs" happen. Pay Away The Layaway was born. 
The first year they raised $2,000 from 75 people. This year, lifted by a successful campaign on crowdfunding site indiegogo , they're on track to raise over $20,000.
To make sure they're not just helping some guy get his big-screen TV, the group works with the store to identify and pay off plans that mainly have just toys.
Besides the Bronx, this year his group will hit up stores in the Bay Area, Chicago, Washington D.C., Seattle, Tennessee, and elsewhere.
"I wish we could do more," he said, his eyes growing red and wet under the store's fluorescent lights.
Email ben.popken@nbcuni.com or tweet @bpopken .
Tags:

Uber may be banned in India  but bags lucrative funds deal from BaiduRoche loses patent for osteoporosis drug in India
Search engine Baidu Inc will invest in taxi-hailing app maker Uber Technologies Inc, a person familiar with the matter said on Friday, becoming the latest Chinese Internet firm to take an interest in the flourishing market for transportation apps.
Uber was banned in India after one of its cab driver allegedly raped a women in New Delhi.
The size of Baidu’s investment – and its valuation of Uber – are unknown, but the Chinese firm has scheduled a press conference to announce an investment into an unnamed U.S.-based startup on Dec. 17 in Beijing.
State media outlet China National Radio reported the deal earlier this week.
Uber’s alliance with Baidu mirrors partnerships between dominant Chinese taxi-hailing apps Kuaidi Dache and Didi Dache, which have been backed by Baidu rivals Alibaba Group Holding Ltd  and Tencent Holdings Ltd respectively.
Uber said earlier this month it raised funding valuing the company at $40 billion, propelling it into the ranks of the world’s most richly valued private companies.
The U.S. startup has suffered a number of setbacks this week. Thailand and Spain are among countries to have halted its services for regulatory reasons, while in India, the arrest of an Uber driver accused of rape has led to a ban and a review of safety.
An Uber spokeswoman in Singapore did not respond to a request for comment.
Post Comments
More from companies

BJP MP forced to regret Godse remarks  Govt alsocondemnsWritten by Pradeep Kaushal | New Delhi |
Posted: December 13, 2014 4:55 am
An angry Opposition forced BJP member Sakshi Maharaj to express regret in Lok Sabha Friday and withdraw his remarks describing Nathuram Godse, the assassin of Mahatma Gandhi, as a patriot. The Unnao MP is the second from the BJP who has had to apologise in the House this month for highly offensive, communal remarks — Minister of State Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti had to say sorry for her Ramzaadon-versus-haramzaadon remarks.
Congress president Sonia Gandhi, who had taken her seat in Lok Sabha well before proceedings began, directed party members as they entered the well, shouting slogans. At one stage, she stood up and joined the chorus. She even walked up to party member Sushmita Dev, who was in the well, and whispered in her ear. Dev, in turn, conveyed her message to Jyotiraditya Scindia who had taken the lead in slogan-shouting. Gandhi also had a word with Trinamool leader Sudip Bandyopadhyay. Scindia rushed back and forth to take instructions from her.
These chaotic scenes were witnessed by a parliamentary delegation from Pakistan, seated in the Speaker’s gallery.
Members belonging to eight parties — Congress, Trinamool Congress, CPM, Samajwadi Party, RJD, AAP, NCP and the AIMIM — moved into the aisles soon after Speaker Sumitra Mahajan made a reference to the December 13, 2001 terror attack on Parliament. They demanded suspension of question hour to take up their adjournment motion on Sakshi Maharaj’s remarks, but Mahajan said she had rejected their notices. She said they could raise the matter later during zero hour. As she took up question hour, Opposition members trooped into the well and shouted slogans.
Scindia and Pappu Yadav (RJD) took the lead. Those in the well included K C Venugopal, Anto Antony, Deepender Singh Hooda, Adheer Ranjan Chowdhury, Ravneet Singh Bittu and Ranjit Ranjan (all Congress), Dimple Yadav and Tej Pratap Singh Yadav (both SP), P Karunakaran, M B Rajesh (CPI-M), Saugata Roy, Uma Soren, Satabdi Roy, Aparupa Poddar, Mumtaz Sanghmitra, Tapas Pal, Prasun Banerjee (Trinamool Congress), Bhagwant Mann (AAP) and Asaduddin Owaisi (AIMIM).
They had a new slogan: “Hey Ram, hey Ram, Gandhi ke katil ko diya samman (Hey Ram, the killer of Gandhi has been honoured)”. In between, they would switch to “Doshi sarkar hai hai (down with the guilty government)”. The din continued during questions and answers. The Speaker then adjourned the House for 10 minutes.
After proceedings resumed at 11.25 am, Parliamentary Affairs Minister M Venkaiah Naidu made a submission: “Nobody in this country can accept enticing the people or the person responsible for the assassination of Mahatma Gandhi. The Government totally condemns such a statement. That has been conveyed and the honourable member has clarified it outside the House too. He has also expressed regret.”
“As far as the Government is concerned and as far as my party is concerned, we do not agree with that proposition at all,” Naidu said. When Congress members said they were not satisfied with his reply, Naidu back saying there are people “who are killing the ideology of Mahatma Gandhi everyday”. He said the Opposition had no issue and was not allowing the House to run.
It also prompted the Speaker to say that from tomorrow, she would set aside time for apologies. Prodded by Naidu, Sakshi Maharaj rose from his seat and said: “I withdraw my remarks… But my friends have no issue… Godse killed Gandhi long back but you killed the Mahatma’s ideology in 1984 during the anti-Sikh riots”. This infuriated Congress members who returned to the well.
Congress leader Mallikarjun Kharge said the Opposition would not allow the Government to have its way just because it had a majority. Demanding an “unconditional apology” from Sakshi Maharaj, he promised not to let the House function if anybody “insulted” Mahatma Gandhi and honoured his assassin. Naidu argued that the member had already withdrawn his remarks. He said the Government and the BJP condemned such statements.
As the din continued, the Speaker too prodded Sakshi Maharaj to tender an apology. This time, he was brief and direct: “I withdraw my words… I express regret before the House and the country.

O Leary: Want to see oil at 30 buckso leary: want to see oil at 30 bucks
Ministry partially rolls back hike in container chargesMinistry partially rolls back hike in container charges
Mamuni Das
Entire hike likely to be implemented from March 1, 2015
New Delhi, December 12:  
Container train operators are likely to get some respite with the Railway Ministry deciding to implement the hike in haulage charges in two phases.
The hike will be slashed by 33 per cent till February-end next year, and from March 1, the entire hike is likely to be implemented.
The Ministry’s move comes in the backdrop of container train operators seeking relief from the sharp hike, sources told BusinessLine.
Haulage charges are paid by Container train operators to the Indian Railways for using their track infrastructure and locomotives, and account for over half of their operating cost.
Haulage rates will go up despite the partial rollback, but by a smaller extent.
The Ministry had hiked haulage charges by 25-41 per cent, with effect from December 5.
Additionally, there was a 10 per cent hike for containers moving from ports, which account for 55 per cent of container traffic, given the country’s high imports.
Companies that stand to partially benefit from the move to implement the hike in phases are Container Corporation of India (Concor), Gateway Distriparks Ltd, APL India Linx, Hind Terminals, Inlogistics, DPW-backed Container Rail Road Services and Vikram Logistics and Maritime Services.
The Railways has increased fares for rail containerised cargo by a bigger margin than for other categories, the Association of Container Train Operators (ACTO) had said.
The operators said they would have lost a large share of container traffic to road transporters if the partial roll-back had not taken place.
For the April-October period, containerised traffic on the Railways saw a 16 per cent growth against the same period last fiscal, with container train operators moving about 28 million tonne of cargo.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.
Union Budget 2014-15 Highlights
Following are the highlights of the Union Budget 2014-15 presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament on July 10, 2014
Income-tax exemption limit raised by Rs 50,000 to Rs 2.5 lakh and for senior citizens to Rs 3 lakh
Exemption limit for investment in financial instruments under 80C raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh.
Investment limit in PPF raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh
Deduction limit on interest on loan for self-occupied house raised to Rs 2 lakh from Rs 1.5 lakh.
Committee to look into all fresh tax demands for indirect transfer of assets in wake of retrospective tax amendments of 2012
Fiscal deficit target retained at 4.1% of GDP for current fiscal and 3.6% in FY 16
Rs 150 crore allocated for increasing safety of women in large cities
LCD, LED TV become cheaper
Cigarettes, pan masala, tobacco, aerated drinks become costlier
5 IIMs to be opened in HP, Punjab, Bihar, Odisha and Rajasthan
5 more IITs in Jammu, Chhattisgarh, Goa, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala.
4 more AIIMS like institutions to come up in AP, West Bengal, Vidarbha in Maharashtra and Poorvanchal in UP
Govt proposes to launch Digital India’ programme to ensure broad band connectivity at village level
National Rural Internet and Technology Mission for services in villages and schools, training in IT skills proposed
Rs 100 cr scheme to support about 600 new and existing Community Radio Stations
Rs 100 cr for metro projects in Lucknow and Ahmedabad
Govt expects Rs 9.77 lakh crore revenue crore from taxes
Govt’s plan expenditure pegged at Rs 5.75 lakh crore and non-Plan at Rs 12.19 lakh crore.
Rs 2,037 crore set aside for Integrated Ganga Conservation Mission called ‘Namami Gange’
Kisan Vikas Patra to be reintroduced, National Savings Certificate with insurance cover to be launched
FDI limit to be hiked to 49% pc in defence, insurance
Disinvestment target fixed at Rs 58,425 crore
Gross borrowings pegged at Rs 6 lakh crore
Contours of GST to be finalised this fiscal; Govt to look into DTC proposal.
‘Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya New Teachers Training Programme’ launched with initial sum of Rs 500 crore
Govt provides Rs 500 crore for rehabilitation of displaced Kashmiri migrants
Set aside Rs 11,200 crore for PSU banks capitalisation
Govt in favour of consolidation of PSU banks
Govt considering giving greater autonomy to PSU banks while making them accountable
Rs 7,060 crore for setting up 100 Smart Cities
A project on the river Ganga called ‘Jal Marg Vikas’ for inland waterways between Allahabad and Haldia; Rs 4,200 crore set aside for the purpose.
Govt proposes Ultra Modern Super Critical Coal Based Thermal Power Technology
Expenditure management commission to be setup; will look into food and fertilizer subsides
Impasse in coal sector will be resolved; coal will be provided to power plants already commissioned or to be commissioned by March 2015
Long term capial gains tax for mutual funds doubled to 20%; lock-in period increased to 3 years
Rs 4,000 cr set aside to increase flow of cheaper credit for affordable housing to the urban poor/EWS/LIG segment.
EPFO to launch the ‘Uniform Account Number’ service to facilitate portability of Provident Fund accounts
Mandatory wage ceiling of subscription to EPS (Employee Pension Scheme) raised from Rs 6,500 to Rs 15,000
Minimum pension increased to Rs 1,000 per month

New levy policy gives more leeway to AP millers to boost rice exportsNew levy policy gives more leeway to AP millers to boost rice exports
Ch RS Sarma
Tweet
Kakinada, December 12:  
The rice market is witnessing a shake-up this year, especially in the rice bowl of Andhra Pradesh (the two Godavari districts and Krishna). This is mainly in view of the new levy policy of the Centre, drastically reducing the quantity they will have to give for the public distribution system and buffer stocks.
Earlier, millers used to buy paddy vigorously from farmers in the two Godavari districts and supply rice to the FCI.
They had to give FCI 75 per cent of what they bought from growers. In return, they were given permits to sell the rest of 25 per cent in the domestic market or for exports.
From this crop season, the ratio has been reversed and millers have to give only 25 per cent as levy and retain the rest can be sold in the open market.
Millers are finding the reversal disconcerting and many of the millers even want the Government to buy the paddy from farmers at MSP and give it to them for milling – the kind of custom milling prevalent in Punjab and Haryana. Custom milling has never been the practice in AP in the past.
Rice exporters have reacted to the change in levy policy in a positive manner, as there will be exportable surplus in the market, and it may lead to spurt in exports.
But exporters are also wary as millers in Andhra Pradesh have not yet made the necessary adjustments.
AP Rice Exporters’ Association President Vinod Kumar Agarwal is of the view that the Government should adopt a consistent levy policy and encourage rice exports.
“With this change in levy policy, it is now all the more necessary to encourage non-basmati rice exports, as otherwise the farmers will not get the MSP. It is a fact that many of the small millers do not have the holding capacity and the problem is also compounded in the two Godavari districts by the fact that the varieties grown here – 1001 and IR 64 – are either given as levy to the FCI or exported to African countries. They are not locally consumed. It is all the more difficult for the millers to adjust to the new policy. Therefore, they should be allowed to sell freely to the exporters. There should not be any curbs on the export market,” he said.
He said the Government should extend a helping hand to the millers in adjusting to the new system and “it is no wonder that many millers now want custom milling in AP also as in Punjab and Haryana.”
BV Krishna Rao, Managing Director of Pattabhi Agro Foods Pvt Ltd, a leading rice exporter, is of the view that inspite of the transitional travails the new policy will be of help to all in the long run.
“Certain adjustments have to be made. Farmers have all along been cultivating common varieties for the levy or for exports. Now they have to grow fine varieties. Exporters also have to search for new markets for these varieties instead of relying on African countries alone. It is a fact that right now rice millers are in a spot of bother because of the new policy. But any change entails some difficulty,” he said.
He expects that there may be considerable spurt in rice exports through Kakinada port during 2015, by roughly a million tonnes or so.
During 2014, the rice exports totalled 2.4 million tonnes.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

Vegoil imports up 26% in NovemberVegoil imports up 26% in November
Our Bureau
Fears over hike in import duty fuel the rise in imports
Mumbai, December 12:  
Vegetable oil imports increased 26 per cent in November to 11.90 lakh tonnes (lt) against 9.44 lt in the same period a year ago on fears that the Government could increase the Customs duty.
Of the total imports, edible oil accounted for lion’s share of 97 per cent at 11.49 lt while that of non-edible oils were 40,803 tonnes, according to data released by the Solvent Extractors Association of India on Friday.
Imports have surged in last two months as the exporting countries – Indonesia and Malaysia – have scrapped export duty on palm products to offload their inventory before the next crushing season.
This apart, most palm product prices have crashed to five-year low due to lower demand from bio-diesel segment. The sharp fall in crude oil prices in recent months has reduced demand for bio-diesel which in turn impacted demand for crude palm oil.
Lower crushing
Most oil mills reduced crushing due to high soyabean prices and preferred imported vegetable oil at a lower price.
Their profit margins have been further dented by lower realisation on the oilmeal.
Refined palm oil prices were down at $717 a tonne against $727 in October, while crude palm oil dipped to $694 ($704). Both these oils were sold at $854 and $864, respectively in the same period last year.
Rupee depreciated to 61.68 against dollar in December against 61.37 in the preceding month.
Taking stocks
Over the last twelve months, refined palm oil prices have declined 16 per cent in rupee terms, crude palm oil 20 per cent, while crude soybean oil and crude sunflower oil rates have dropped 13 per cent and six per cent, respectively.
As of December 1, edible oil inventory at various ports is estimated at 8.60 lakh tonnes consisting of 5.55 lt of crude palm oil, 80,000 tonnes of refined palm oil, 60,000 tonnes of degummed soyabean oil, 1.30 lt of crude sunflower oil and 35,000 tonnes of rapeseed oil.
Another 1.10 lt of oil is in pipelines. Total inventory including both at ports and pipelines increased to 19.60 lt from 18.60 lt in November.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

Ram Temple must not poll issue: Vinod KhannaCommuter rage, arson after suburban train services disrupted
If you dig out dead issues like the Ram Temple one, then they become political, actor- turned-politician Vinod Khanna today said.
The BJP MP from Gurdaspur was responding to a question about Uttar Pradesh Governor Ram Naik’s assertion that Ram Temple should be built at Babri Masjid site.
“These should not become election issues. Everyone has his wishes and dreams. (Likewise) the dreams of the people of Kashmir are that there should be a change here,” Khanna told reporters.
On a question of the alleged forced conversions in Agra, the BJP leader said “I think it has been responded to in the Parliament”.
“There was a discussion over it in parliament yesterday and it has been responded to (by the government). But these (along with Ram Temple) issues are old. If you dig out dead issues, then they become political.
The BJP leader who is here to garner support for his party candidates, said the people of Kashmir should not lose the opportunity of making the situation better here.
“You have endured much pain for long and have gone through very much and there has been loot and bloodshed and there has been no development but now you have an opportunity to change the situation,” Khanna told reporters here.
“My appeal to you is that you should not lose this opportunity. I am in the party and I know the qualities of the Prime Minister (Narendra Modi). Look at the way he has done development in Gujarat. Our other governments in Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan, Chattisgarh and Goa and now in Haryana and Maharashtra â€“ everywhere people say that Modi has come and development will take place.
“And if you want to change the situation in Kashmir, then have a BJP government here. I assure you that the situation here will change very soon,” he said.
Khanna said the image of the country under Modi had changed and the focus now was on development.
“I am here to appeal the people that the whole world is praising Modi for his programmes and schemes. The image of India has changed now and everyone is saying that it is a country where the whole focus is on development. People from the world over want to invest in India and end unemployment here. Every developed nation wants to have industries here,” he said.
Khanna expressed hope that BJP will be able to fulfill its ‘Mission 44+’ and form the government in the state.
“The issues today are about what people want and who can work for you and bring in development. People here have understood that two families (Abdullah and Mufti) have ruled here and there is corruption, there is no development and the state government did not help the people during the floods. They have understood what these governments could have done. They have to bring in a change for the things to get better,” he said.
Post Comments
More from miscellaneous

Automakers pledge privacy of data collected on driversAutomakers pledge privacy of data collected on drivers
Black boxes for cars
Los Angeles Times
This device is being developed by True Mileage in Long Beach to measure and report annual mileage traveled without using GPS data. Although it was intended for insurers offering mileage-based discounts, some states are exploring using similar devices to determine how much a driver may owe in...
This device is being developed by True Mileage in Long Beach to measure and report annual mileage traveled without using GPS data. Although it was intended for insurers offering mileage-based discounts, some states are exploring using similar devices to determine how much a driver may owe in... (Los Angeles Times)
By Brian Fung Washington Post
Toyota Motor Corp.
2017 vehicles will come with a statement on how automakers are collecting data and safeguarding privacy.
How automakers use, store and protect driver's data has become a privacy issue in the era of connected cars.
Privacy pledge: car makers will not reveal a customer's location data to law enforcement without a warrant.
WASHINGTON — If you use a road service like OnStar, you know that your car can track your location and send an ambulance automatically if you crash. What you might not know is that your car manufacturer stores this location information, along with the date and time of the incident and whether the airbags deployed. Little "black boxes" akin to the flight recorders on airplanes monitor your braking habits, whether you use a seat belt and how fast you go. Your car may be one of millions. But in its electronics is a unique profile of you and your decisions as a driver.
Apple and Google want to get in your car. ( Andrea Chang )
Some fear that this automotive data could someday be seized by government spy agencies or used against helpless drivers by insurers or worse. How automakers use, store and protect even the most mundane data collected from our increasingly smart vehicles is going to become even more important as cars start talking to everything around them — from other cars to sensors embedded in the road to nearby businesses. Manufacturers are taking their first steps to safeguard this information. But even they acknowledge there's a lot they don't know how to do.
8
Last month, two of the industry's biggest trade groups, the Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers and the Association of Global Automakers, settled on a series of privacy commitments designed to make Americans more comfortable with next-generation vehicles. The agreement will take effect Jan. 2, 2016 — in time for the 2017 model year. It outlines basic steps, such as updating owners' manuals, that each manufacturer will take to inform car buyers of the data their vehicles will be collecting. Think of it as a privacy policy for your Passat.
"There's a recognition in the industry that privacy is essential for gaining the trust of consumers for new technologies," said Christopher Wolf, a privacy lawyer who helped draft the principles. "The sooner the industry can be seen as taking privacy seriously, the better off consumers will be — and the better off the industry will be, because there'll be trust."
With little more than a year until the self-imposed deadline, the auto industry is moving speedily to implement the agreement. Manufacturers will be setting up Web sites informing users of the data collection and linking directly to the privacy policies of third-party commercial partners. Toyota, for instance, works with OpenTable to let drivers make dinner reservations from their vehicle's in-dash touchscreens, so informing consumers how those services may use their data only makes sense.
The privacy principles cover other in-car data, too, such as information collected when a driver routinely brakes hard at stop lights or in traffic to avoid rear-ending others. They also stipulate that manufacturers will not reveal a customer's location data to law enforcement without a warrant, which has drawn applause from privacy experts. Few other forms of digital information are protected to such a standard.
0
The commitments are "strong out of the gate," said Joseph Lorenzo Hall, chief technologist at the Center for Democracy and Technology. But, he added, "it could use some additional work."
One is how long car manufacturers should hang onto user information before purging it from their logs. The longer they retain the data, the more useful it becomes. But it also opens up greater opportunities for abuse by lawyers, marketers and law enforcement. (As written, the privacy principles require that car makers get drivers' explicit consent before using or sharing data for marketing purposes, but each manufacturer can interpret this commitment freely.)
Another question concerns the de-identification of data, or the process that turns specific information about you and your vehicle into anonymous statistics. Policy analysts are calling for the auto industry not only to separate driving data from the identities of the people who generate it, but also to randomly modify data points in a statistically insignificant way to make it extra difficult to trace behaviors back to specific drivers.
Other policy analysts argue that what car makers can do with the data is described too broadly in the privacy principles. Manufacturers that commit to the voluntary agreement vow to use customer information for "legitimate business practices" only, but that's a phrase New America Foundation scholar Michael Calabrese says would permit anything that wasn't outright illegal.
The auto industry says these principles are only a baseline and that many individual companies will compete to provide the strongest protections on the market. For example, Toyota said this week that it might seek to determine consumer demand for a "private driving mode" that turns off driver tracking in much the same way that private browsing modes on Web browsers temporarily stop recording a user's Internet history.
But there are few existing guidelines from consumers, regulators or other industries for how car makers should address the gaps highlighted by the privacy experts, said Toyota's director of technology, Hilary Cain. "We're grasping at straws here," Cain told analysts and industry officials at a recent dinner in Washington.
---
Fung covers technology for The Washington Post, focusing on telecom, broadband and digital politics. Before joining the Post, he was the technology correspondent for National Journal and an associate editor at the Atlantic.

Nod to dilute stake in public sector banksNEW DELHI, December 11, 2014
Updated: December 11, 2014 03:53 IST
Nod to dilute stake in public sector banks
Special Correspondent
government
Phased shedding of govt. holding to raise over Rs.1.68 lakh cr.
The Union Cabinet gave its approval on Wednesday to allow Public Sector Banks (PSBs) to dilute government holding up to 52 per cent in a phased manner to raise over Rs. 1.68 lakh crore to meet their additional capital requirements under BASEL-III capital adequacy norms. It also approved the insurance amendment bill that raises the foreign investment cap in the sector to 49 per cent from the current 26 per cent.
“Out of 27 PSBs, Government of India [GoI] controls 22 through majority holding. In the remaining 5 banks, State Bank of India holds majority stake,” official sources said. “These 27 PSBs control 70 per cent of total branches, deposits and credit in the Indian banking system. GoI has regularly been infusing incremental capital in PSBs. Basel-III capital adequacy norms will be fully phased in and applicable by March 31, 2019,” it was added.
Basel III is the international regulatory framework for banks. “The quantum of capital support needed by banks is huge, which cannot be funded by budgetary support alone,” an official release said. “If the PSBs are permitted to bring down GOI holding to 52 per cent in a phased manner, they can raise upto Rs.1,60,825 crore from the market. GoI budgetary support needed for 2015-19 would be Rs.78,895 crore only, which will maintain GoI holding at 52 per cent. However, as Govt. is likely to receive an amount of Rs.34,500 crore from PSBs as dividend, the net outgo will only be Rs.44,395 crore,” it added, explaining the need for the decision.
The Cabinet also approved the scheme for setting up 25 solar parks each with a capacity of 500 MW and above and Ultra Mega Solar Power Projects in various parts of the country where large chunks of land can be spared for this purpose, a separate release said. These parks will be able to accommodate over 20,000 MW of solar power projects that will be set up over the next five years.

The world still needs its dictionaries but how we define them is changing0
"That's a lot of traffic that keeps us going," says Sokolowski, a lexicographer who has worked at Merriam-Webster for more than 20 years. "Print is still alive and well, and there's no sense that print dictionaries are going to disappear. The thing is they are a much smaller part of the pie for us."
In the recent past, new editions of large dictionaries like Merriam-Webster's Unabridged were published infrequently (the second edition appeared in 1936, the third in 1961) with copyright updates or revised versions printed every five or six years. New editions of college dictionaries were usually published about every 10 years, with copyright updates appearing every year or two. A new edition of a dictionary is the product of a full revision during which every definition is reconsidered, outdated information revised or deleted and new words and new senses added. A copyright update has more modest ambitions, adding, in a college dictionary for example, roughly a few hundred new entries.
But the concept of publishing editions is disappearing, said Judy Pearsall, editorial director, Global Academic Dictionaries, at Oxford University Press. The Oxford English Dictionary uploads new words and revised entries to its website, OxfordDictionaries.com, every three months. These periodic uploads are called "releases," rather than "editions."
"The idea of an edition is something fixed, but this is less applicable to the digital world and our editorial workflow, which is about constantly updating based on our latest research," she said. "We make changes all the time, week to week. Just like language, so our dictionary is a living, breathing thing, changing and developing all the time in response to usage and user needs."
From the reader's perspective, you can't put data releases side by side on a shelf. And although Pearsall said Oxford takes "snapshots" of dictionary data every year, this information — thus far — is not available to the public. Merriam-Webster's Sokolowski said that its version of its unabridged dictionary will be a "large, organic, but also not fixed, data set that will be the great American dictionary, the large American dictionary."
And so, we live in the continuous present of constant revision: Whether we will be able to access the evolving history of the dictionary, reflecting cultural changes and editorial judgments is an open question.
At the same time, online dictionaries are offering new information about how people use them. Sokolowski reports on Twitter about which words are trending on Merriam-Webster's website.
"I know what you're looking up," Sokolowski said. "We're eavesdropping effectively on the national conversation in a way that's very particular because the intersection of vocabulary and the news is one that's unpredictable. I don't know which word will be picked up. I mean, who would have guessed that the most looked-up word connected to Michael Jackson's death would be the word 'emaciated?'"
A dictionary is the work of many hands, a cooperative human project that requires scores of individuals poring over words, researching their history and writing definitions. It is a candle lit against the darkness of ignorance, a forceful statement that our language matters, and an inclusive register of how our speech has changed.
"Every new achievement has its antecedents, its foundation," said David Guralnik, a lexicographer who died in 2000, in a lecture at Cleveland's Rowfant Club in 1951. He was discussing Webster's New World Dictionary — which in its day sought to revolutionize the traditional dictionary by offering clear, precise and self-explanatory definitions "in a 20th century American style and from an American point of view." His New World Dictionary had "in its background the lexicographical labors of all those who have toiled in the bottomless, teeming ocean of English linguistics, from the forerunners of Dr. Johnson through Baltimore's own H.L. Mencken."
And one could say the same thing about every dictionary. The databases of the digital age are living off the fat of the land, the accumulated definitions written by the now dead and discarded lexicographers, the expert definition writers. The question now is will the dictionaries of the future match the high standards of the recent past and, if not, will anyone care? Will dictionary website subscriptions and licensing generate enough revenue to support the publishers who produce them?

The Business of Renewable Resourcesreddit
September's UN Climate Summit 2014 in New York City--the largest-ever--brought welcome momentum and renewed ambition to our quest to transition to a lower carbon society. The 310,000 participants who took to the streets, staging a historic People's Climate March, proved there is more support for change than ever. A comment on CNN from one protester--"we want to get to a 100 percent clean energy power society and economy"--became a compelling mantra.
Today, the 20th session of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) is taking place in Peru until Dec. 12--and not a moment too soon. On Nov. 21, the World Meteorological Organization reported that the global average temperature over land and ocean surfaces from January-October 2014 was the highest since records began in 1880.
Many hope the Peru session will yield specific outcomes based on eight key action items developed at the September Climate Summit:
Food security;
The role of cities in reducing emissions;
Doubling rates of energy efficiency and use of renewable energy;
Scaling up public and private investments to meet growing climate change challenges;
New mechanisms for pricing carbon;
Actions to combat deforestation;
Reductions in industrial climate pollutants; and
Enhancing developing countries' capacity to meet climate challenges.
This is an ambitious agenda. And as the World Resources Institute noted, "Announcements of important new partnerships, financial pledges and commitments by leaders set the foundation for greater ambition for climate action at all levels of society... The next step is for governments and business actors to follow through and implement the actions announced."
Consider the following: A contributing factor to the climate challenge has been the continued strain on our planet's natural resources required to meet a growing global population and increasing demand for more packaged products and goods. Diminishing resources require more energy to extract and in turn generate more carbon emissions. Depleted natural resources further lead to erosion of natural habitats within which the delicate natural carbon offsets occur.
While solutions to the eight macro issues noted above will require steady innovation and a long-term perspective, we already have some answers and know-how to address resource scarcity by increasing our acceptance and use of sustainable sourcing and renewable materials--those that can be regrown or refurbished naturally over time, such as paperboard-based packaging or and bio-based plastics made from sugar cane.
Until recently, renewable energy sources held center stage in discussions of environmental recovery. But for businesses today, when improving the bottom line is a requisite, embracing renewable sourcing of raw materials offers clear and tangible benefits-- as it helps to align the goals of environmental protection and economic growth .
This can help alleviate climate change, facilitate carbon sinks, help preserve local ecosystems and protect biodiversity . Furthermore, embracing renewable resources will lead to a less volatile supply chain. This is critically important as decreasing physical availability and urgent geopolitical issues make our supply of natural resources increasingly insecure.
If businesses adopt a circular paradigm that tracks the environmental impacts of their products throughout their entire lifecycles, we can help alleviate climate change and ensure we have enough natural resources to use in perpetuity.
At Tetra Pak, sustainable sourcing of raw materials has long been one of our top priorities. Our packaging is designed to use the minimum amount of materials--without compromising product protection--and renewable materials are utilized wherever possible. As a result, environmental impact throughout the packaged product's lifecycle is significantly reduced.
Today our cartons are made on average of 70 percent renewable paperboard--and we are aiming for 100 percent. We have already launched bio-based plastic caps and packaging coating made from polyethylene from sugar cane.
Recycling is a great start, but by itself it does not result in a complete, long-term solution as industries consume finite natural resources to feed, clothe, house, educate and sustain humanity. Supplies of clean air and water are already under pressure, and oil, natural gas and minerals are expected to run out by the end of this century .
The time to act is now. We must focus on sustainable sourcing and increase use of sustainable raw materials and renewable resources. We do this not only for the future of our society, but also for the future success of our businesses.
Tetra Pak has made its commitment to sustainable raw materials a cornerstone of our social responsibility with our Moving to the Front campaign, intended to spark dialogue and drive action within our industry and to increase understanding about the importance of addressing resource scarcity. We have authored a white paper on this topic in conjunction with the World Wildlife Fund (WWF), which is available for download here .
Join the conversation, support our campaign and start Moving to the Front to help protect our society and businesses for future generations.
More:

BJP calls for national law to curb conversionsNew Delhi, December 11, 2014
Updated: December 12, 2014 09:45 IST
BJP calls for national law to curb conversions
National Bureau
Opposition members during a discussion on religious conversion, in the Lok Sabha on Thursday.
PTI
SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav speaks in the Lok Sabha on Thursday.
PTI
A scene in the Lok Sabha on Thursday.
PTI
Congress MP Jyotiraditya Scindia speaks in the Lok Sabha on Thursday.
TOPICS
religion and belief
Opposition accuses Centre of pursuing communal agenda
Trying to turn the tables on the Opposition and reiterating a long-held Sangh Parivar view, the Bharatiya Janata Party-led government on Thursday called for a nation-wide law to restrict conversions. “Let there be anti-conversion laws in all the States and at the Centre also,” Parliamentary Affairs Minister M. Venkaiah Naidu said at the end of a three-hour discussion in the Lok Sabha on the “conversion by inducement” of Muslims in Agra.
The discussion was allowed by the Speaker as a “special case” after three adjournments in the pre-lunch session and a meeting between the Government’s floor managers and Opposition leaders in her chamber.
Opposition leaders accused the BJP and its ideological mentor, the RSS, of being complicit in the reported campaign by Hindu outfits to convert Muslims and Christians into Hindus.
Objecting to the Opposition “maligning” the RSS, Mr. Naidu asserted that the “RSS is our mother organisation from which we have taken inspiration”. This triggered an angry outburst from the Opposition which, in turn, brought the BJP members on their feet. Shouting slogans, the Congress led at least half-a-dozen other parties out of the House in a walkout.
Earlier, initiating the discussion, Jyotiraditya Scindia (Congress) listed a series of attempts by the Sangh Parivar in the last six months to strike at India’s composite culture and included External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj’s call for making the Bhagavad Gita a “national scripture’’ in the list. He also accused the BJP and its affiliates of “changing Indian history, culture and the national identity”.
Wondering if these are the “promised good days”, he said the Prime Minister should reply to the discussion and allay the apprehensions of minorities.
In a surprise change of stance after his morning intervention when he warned that the Agra conversion incident should not be taken lightly, Samajwadi Party supremo Mulayam Singh in the afternoon said the media was blowing the issue out of proportion. He wondered if newspapers should be allowed to set the agenda for Parliament. However, he did walk out with the other parties in the middle of Parliamentary Affairs Minister Venkaiah Naidu’s reply.
While Saugata Roy (Trinamool Congress) described the chain of events as similar to what happened in Germany under Hitler when the superiority of the Aryan race was used to divert attention from his failure to provide economic relief, B. Mahtab (Biju Janata Dal) flagged the Orissa law to restrict conversions as a model for replication. Responding to the BJP’s reference of temples being demolished in medieval India, he said, “This is not the middle ages.”
Taking a dig at the Swachch Bharat campaign of the Government, Mohd. Salim (Communist Party of India-Marxist) said, “Clean India will not happen just by holding brooms; you need to clean your mindset also.”

RBI and govt to discuss timeline for 2-6 pct inflation target  says Raghuram RajanIndia manufacturing activity expands to 2-year high as orders surge; PMI at 54.5 in Dec
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will start talks with the government for an “appropriate timeline” to ensure the economy is within a medium term inflation target of 2-6 per cent, Governor Raghuram Rajan said on Friday.
“Going forward, we will discuss an appropriate timeline with the government in which the economy should move to the centre of the medium term inflation band of 2-6,” Rajan said in a lecture at an industry event.
Rajan added “a glide path” towards lowering inflation to those levels worked best for India by ensuring moderate economic growth.
The RBI governor also proposed a debate on whether India needed more institutions “to ensure deficits stay within control and the quality of budgets is high,” noting other countries had independent bodies that provided opinions on fiscal budgets.
 
Post Comments
More from economy

Koraput division to invest Rs. 4 530 cr in next five yearsUpdated: December 12, 2014 15:04 IST
Koraput division to invest Rs. 4,530 cr in next five years
Nagesh Prabhu
Tweet
Hindustan Aeronautics Limited (HAL) Koraput division has proposed to invest 4,530 crore in the next five years for modernising its plant and machinery.
The Koraput division (Odisha), which recently celebrated golden jubilee celebrations, has proposed to invest on manufacturing AL-551 (Russian engine) and AL-551 overhauling (Rs. 620 crore), modernisation of engine division (Rs. 185 crore), augmentation of AL-31FP engine facilities for Sukhoi aircraft (Su-30) (Rs. 1,100 crore), RD-33 (MiG 29 engine) overhauling (Rs. 200 crore), RD-33MK (MiG 29k engine) (Rs. 900 crore) and high altitude test bed (Rs. 1,525 crore) during the next five years.
Speaking to The Hindu during the day-long plant visit in Koraput, senior officials said “the division is presently augmenting its capacities for manufacturing and overhauling enhanced numbers of AL-31FP engines, overhaul of RD-33 MK engines. The division is in the process of establishing manufacturing facilities for AL-551 engines for the Intermediate Jet Trainer aircraft and the high altitude test bed facility.”
The officials said “the national facility for development and production of single crystal blades is being established at Koraput which will support the missile programme of the country and also the unmanned combat aerial vehicle (UCAV) programme.”
The division, set up in April 1964 at Sunabeda, Koraput District of Odisha to manufacture R11-F2 Turbo-Jet Aero-Engines for MiG-21 aircraft. Since then, the Division has manufactured and overhauled R-25, R-29b, RD-33 and AL-31FP engines to power the MiG-21Series, MiG-27M, MiG-29 and Su-30 MKI aircrafts, respectively, for the Indian Air Force.
The division, which is equipped with the state of the art technology, has manufactured 1,597 engines and overhauled 7,474 engines during the last 50 years. It has recorded a turnover of Rs 1,580 crore during 2013-14 and was expected to double it by 2020-21, officials said.
Air Chief Marshal Arup Raha, who visited the division last week, has stressed the need for developing the division as the aero engine capital of the country.
The plant spread over 3,121 acres, has 3,773 employees, including 830 executives.

And Someone Painted Kim Kardashian s Butt With His Penisreddit
Note: This article contains graphic nudity that most will find inappropriate for work and potentially traumatic in general. Consider yourself warned.
If ever there was a sign of the apocalypse communicated to us lowly humans via acrylic paint, this is it. A Danish artist by the name of Uwe Max Jensen has created a painting of Kim Kardashian -- yes, of that photo -- using his penis as a paintbrush. Yup, the medium is the member, people.
— Uwe Max Jensen (@SortSonofon) December 9, 2014
Jensen, who fancies himself an artist, journalist, and activist, according to his Twitter, tweeted an image of the artwork yesterday, along with a link to his blog .
The blog features some valuable insight from the artist including: "It's always a challenge to smear an entire canvas using only the natural brush, but with the right attitude it goes anyway." Also: "If one is ill-equipped it is simply impossible to reproduce small details, if you have a proper swab [you're] obviously better suited to expressive painting."
Jensen has also uploaded a series of very NSFW images chronicling the unorthodox making of the work, in which the artist's flaccid paintbrush is prominently displayed.
" I have my penis in one hand and the canvas in the other ," Jensen told the Daily Dot, and affirms in the aforementioned photos . "I have a very skilled penis, art-wise."
This isn't Jensen's first time dabbling in artworks that make us want to crawl under the bed and cry. The artist previously decapitated a statue of the Little Mermaid and urinated on an Olafur Eliasson sculpture. We never thought we'd say these words, but can you please go back to decapitating sculptures, Uwe?
Uwe Max Jensen

Couple has sex in tunnel  Moscow metro orders spot checksCouple has sex in tunnel, Moscow metro orders spot checks
AFP
print
Moscow's metro said on Friday it was carrying out emergency checks of its system after a young couple made their way into a tunnel and had sex on the rails.
Moscow has a subculture of enthusiasts who explore its maze of tunnels including the metro system, called "diggers", and a young couple this week published photos of themselves romping naked on the rails.
Their feat came to light only after the couple posted their photographs on social networking sites, prompting questions about the ageing metro's security.
The metro management announced spot checks of the security on the whole system to see if it was possible to get illegal access to the underground zones, a spokesman said.
"In particular, all the ventilation shafts will be checked to see if they can be used to access the underground system," the spokesman said.
The couple picked a service tunnel that is only used to divert trains in an emergency, not one along which metro trains rumble up to every half minute at peak times, the metro spokesman added.
"If such an incident had taken place on a constantly operating stretch of track, the wrongdoers would have been discovered and caught immediately, as soon as they entered the tunnel."
Police said Thursday that they were carrying out a check into the incident and trying to establish the identity of the couple.
The male digger, who only gave his name as Andrei R., told Life News website that on Tuesday he and his girlfriend entered a service tunnel on the green metro line, which runs close to the Kremlin.
"We were definitely not the first," he said.
Last year, a couple's attempt to have sex on railway tracks in southern Ukraine ended in tragedy when they got carried away and failed to notice an oncoming train. The woman was killed, while the man lost his lower legs.

J&K polls: Days before fourth phase; all separatist leaders  600 others taken into custodyAbid Soffi , CNN-IBN | Dec 12, 2014 at 06:38pm IST
Srinagar: All separatist leaders, including chairmen of both the faction of the Hurriyat Conference (HC) and Jammu and Kashmir Liberation Front (JKLF) chief, have been taken into preventive custody or put under house arrest in Kashmir valley, which is going to polls in the fourth phase in the five-phased Legislative Assembly on December 14.
Meanwhile, more than 600 miscreants and youths, who have a record of stone pelting and creating ruckus during elections, have been taken into preventive custody in the summer capital, Srinagar.
However, official sources said that preventive arrests were made to prevent any law and order problem during the electioneering as separatists have announced poll boycott.
More than 600 miscreants and youths, who have a record creating ruckus during elections have been taken into preventive custody.
A spokesperson of hardliner Hurriyat said that Syed Ali Shah Geelani remained under house arrest for the past two months. "More than 100 other senior leaders and other workers of the party, including spokesman Aiyaz Akbar, also remained under detention," he said.
Meanwhile, chairman of moderate Hurriyat Conference Mirwaiz Moulvi Omar Farooq was put under house arrest on December 9. "Over 100 supporters of the moderate Hurriyat have also been arrested," spokesman of the amalgam, Shahidul Islam, who himself is under house arrest alongwith about a dozen senior leaders said.
Democratic Freedom Party (DFP) chairman Shabir Ahmad Shah, who is lodged in Kupwara jail, said over 50 senior and other workers of the party have been arrested in the valley.
JKLF chairman Mohammad Yasin Malik has been lodged in Anantnag jail for the past more than a month. However, he addressed a number of anti poll rallies in the valley before his arrest.
More than 150 other front leaders and supporters have also been arrested by the police in the Kashmir valley. Islami Tanzeem Azadi chief Abdul Samad Inquilabi has also been arrested and lodged in Baramulla jail.
Security forces have also arrested more than 200 alleged known stone pelters, former militants and trouble makers in Srinagar, Anantnag and Shopian to ensure peaceful polls.
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

Oil Prices Fall Further After IEA Cuts ForecastThe Ohio State Buckeyes' upset victory over the University of Alabama's Crimson Tide Thursday was among the surprising...
Brian Blanco/Getty Images

JONATHAN ERNST / Reuters  filejonathan ernst / reuters  file
Nomura names Jonathan Lewis European headNomura appoints Jonathan Lewis as European head
Emma Dunkley
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c3cbb042-8201-11e4-a9bb-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Cong-NCP boycott winter session after MLAsuspendedNagpur |
Posted: December 12, 2014 8:56 pm
The state government on Friday suspended NCP (MLA) Jitendra Awadh for hurling unparliamentary word in the state legislative assembly leading to Congress and NCP boycotting the winter session in Nagpur.
On Friday, Awadh made a remark which invited backlash from the members of the ruling BJP and Shiv Sena who demanded his suspension from the assembly.
The assembly NCP leader Ajit Pawar expressed surprise over the harsh decision taken by the government to suspend Awadh from attending winter session in Nagpur.
Pawar said, ” I was ready to apologise on his behalf for the uncharitable remark. But that does not mean he should be suspended. We will not cooperate with the government. We will boycot the remaining period of the winter session.”
The session which began on December 8 is scheduled to continue till December 24, according to parliamentary affairs minister Girish Bapat.

Morning links: Disturbing allegations of police misconduct in NYC gun casesBy Radley Balko December 12, 2014 Follow @radleybalko
Allegations that NYPD cops may have planted evidence, perjured themselves and engaged in cover-ups while investigating gun cases.
A peek inside America’s disturbingly efficient deportation machinery .
The militarization of New Jersey .
The Justice Department says it will no longer prosecute Native Americans who grow and sell pot on tribal land.
Another major newspaper — this time USA Today  — calls for reform in how we investigate shootings by police officers.
The Economist also editorializes for police reform . The debate is certainly changing.
Meanwhile, Congress just passed a bill requiring police departments to issue quarterly reports of any deaths in police custody.
Sunglasses, tin foil and a microphone: a partial list of things cops have mistaken for guns before shooting someone.
Radley Balko blogs about criminal justice, the drug war and civil liberties for The Washington Post. He is the author of the book "Rise of the Warrior Cop: The Militarization of America's Police Forces."

Romancing the Taj: Online tickets for visiting monument of love from Dec 25We're sorry! This page is not available.
Please visit the hindustantimes.com homepage.
Advertisement

ISIS  twitter  jihadi  may not be in Bengaluru: International agencies49
0
New Delhi: The suspect behind a pro-ISIS twitter account followed by foreign jihadis may not be based in Bengaluru as claimed by a British media report and he could be using a pseudonym - Mehdi Mehboob Biswas, according to preliminary assessment by central intelligence agencies.
The individual may not be based in the IT city as claimed by a news channel but it has been confirmed that the now defunct twitter handle @ShamiWitness had played significant roles in the Islamic State's propaganda war.
Investigators were trying to get details of twitter handle and to authenticate whether the individual, identified as Mehdi Mehboob Biswas, was using his original name or it's just a pseudonym.
Arif was following this particular twitter handle and reportedly confessed before interrogators that he was influenced by it, the sources said.
#isis #twitter #bengaluru #mehdi mehboob biswas
"Probability of it being a pseudonym is very high," official sources said.
Since the National Investigation Agency (NIA) is probing the case of Arif Majeed, the youth from Mumbai suburb Kalyan, who had returned from Islamic State, it will soon start probe into all claims of the British media report.
Arif was following this particular twitter handle and reportedly confessed before interrogators that he was influenced by it, the sources said.
They said security agencies were aware of the twitter handle and have come to know that the account had 17,700 followers but tweets reposted thousands of times and have been seen by millions.
Crime branch of Bengaluru police on Friday said they have launched a probe into the veracity of the report.
In its report, the British news broadcaster said that the man operating the account is an executive in the city working for an Indian conglomerate.
"He has until now been able to remain anonymous, avoiding questions about his motives and his central role in the Islamic State's propaganda war, but a news channel investigation can today reveal that the man operating the account is called Mehdi and he is an executive in Bangalore working for an Indian conglomerate," the report claimed.
7

Madan Mitra arrest: Mamata Banerjee calls it unconstitutional  vendetta politics by Centre9
0
Kolkata: West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee on Friday suffered a major setback with the arrest by CBI of her Cabinet colleague  Madan Mitra in the multi-crore Saradha scam. An enraged Mamata  defended Mitra and lashed out at the Centre calling the arrest as "unconstitutional, illegal and vendetta politics".
This is for the first time that a Cabinet Minister in the Mamata government has been arrested by the CBI in the scam. So far, the arrested persons included TMC members of Parliament Kunal Ghosh and Srinjoy Bose.
Reacting sharply to the development, Mamata alleged that the BJP leaders were involved in the Saradha scam and that the arrests being made by the CBI in the issue were bullying tactics of the Centre. She accused the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) of destroying the federal structure of the Constitution. "It is illegal to arrest a Cabinet minister without informing the CM," said the enraged leader.
For the first time a Cabinet Minister in the Mamata government has been arrested by the CBI in the scam.
#saradha scam #trinamool congress #west bengal #mamata banerjee
Earlier, the CBI on Friday evening arrested Mitra after interrogating him for nearly five hours over the post he was holding in Saradha Group of Companies.  The minister appeared before the CBI at the agency's office at the Salt Lake CGO complex on Friday morning in connection with the case. He has been arrested on charges of criminal conspiracy, cheating, misappropriation and for deriving undue financial benefits from the Saradha Group.
He was summoned by the CBI in November 2014 but he checked into a government hospital instead barely hours before his scheduled appearance before the investigating agency, presumably to evade the grilling session. The CBI also arrested Naresh Balodia, legal advisor to Sudipto Sen and Saradha Group on charges of criminal conspiracy, cheating and diversion of funds in the same case. Balodia had drafted the letter which Sudipto Sen had sent to the investigative agency, a CBI spokesman said. Mitra is said to be a close aide of West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee. He is the third senior TMC leader to be arrested in the case. The other two are former TMC MP Kunal Ghosh and Rajya Sabha MP Srinjoy Bose.
Ghosh's judicial custody came to an end on Friday. He had accused Mamata Banerjee of being the biggest beneficiary of the scam.
Ghosh has also accused Mitra of being involved in the scam. Mitra won the Bishnupur Assembly seat of South 24 Parganas district in the 2009 bypolls. He represented the constituency perched in the southern fringes of Kolkata till 2011.
The Saradha Group, incidentally, started its operations from Bishnupur and, during Mitra's time, was in full flourish. Mitra lectured at the group's investors' meet and ushered heaps of praises on the "good work the company was doing".
He was, allegedly, also the president of the group's employees' association. His pictures with the discredited chairman of the Group, Sudipta Sen, was once seen proudly hung at the Saradha offices before they were quickly removed after the company collapsed in April, 2013.
199

Teen Girl Still Hooked to Machines 1 Year LaterThe Ohio State Buckeyes' upset victory over the University of Alabama's Crimson Tide Thursday was among the surprising...
Brian Blanco/Getty Images

Ministry tweaks norms for fraud reporting by auditorsMinistry tweaks norms for fraud reporting by auditors
Our Bureau
Jaitley introduces Bill in Lok Sabha; threshold limit for reporting frauds
New Delhi, December 12:  
The Government will not fritter away its energies on small corporate frauds, but will concentrate on those which are material or serious in nature. The Companies (amendment) Bill introduced by Arun Jaitley, Minister for Finance, Corporate Affairs, and Information & Broadcasting, in the Lok Sabha on Friday has tweaked the “fraud reporting” norms by statutory auditors.
While the auditors will have to report on every fraud coming to their notice in their ordinary course of audit work, in the proposed Bill, the Government has said that the amount of the fraud would determine who the reporting authority should be.
Only frauds beyond a specified threshold need to be reported to the Union Government.
Where the fraud amount involved is less than the specified threshold, the reporting has to be done to the audit committee of a company.
In situations where having an Audit Committee was not statutorily required frauds below the specified threshold would have to be reported to the board of directors, according to the latest Bill.
The threshold limit will be defined by the Corporate Affairs Ministry subsequently.
Prior to the latest proposals, the company law enacted in 2013 required a statutory auditor to immediately report to the central government that an offence involving fraud is being or has been committed against the company by officers or employees of the company.
The concept of threshold was absent in the fraud reporting provision.
Another interesting aspect of this Bill is that companies – where the auditor has reported the frauds to the audit committee or the Board but not to the Union Government – have to disclose the details of the frauds in the Board of Directors’ report forming part of the annual report.
No dilution
For statutory auditors, the proposed regime is not going to dilute their responsibility on “fraud reporting”, say company law experts.
In the run up to this Bill, the CA Institute had represented to the Union Government that a threshold be introduced for mandatory “fraud reporting” and that “materiality” be factored in as specified in the Standards on Auditing.
“The current company law does not make a distinction of fraud reporting based on the quantum of the offence involved. Now, only frauds of serious and material nature are proposed to be reported to the Union Government. This seems to be a right approach,” Ashok Haldia, former Secretary of the CA Institute told BusinessLine.
Meanwhile, the Companies (amendment) Bill has among other things sought to dilute certain provisions on related party transactions so as to meet corporate demands.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

Prudent system is key in policymakingeconomy, business and finance
The key to better policymaking in the government is not about having a think-tank, but a strong system that enables the expertise of the people to get reflected on the policy framework, asserts former Finance Minister Yashwant Sinha.
“On the one hand, we need civil servants, thinkers, and brilliant people. On the other, we need systems which will enable their brilliance to get reflected more markedly in government policies. Policymaking should not happen by accident. It should be a clearly demarcated highway on which you are going,” he said, while delivering the G Ramachandran Memorial Lecture organized by the Southern India Chamber of Commerce and Industry here.
He felt that the Planning Commission should have been much more responsible, but it failed to think. “Unfortunately, the body that should have been responsible is the Planning Commission. They stopped thinking themselves. So, I hope that the revamp of Planning Commission will fill that gap and together with a system that will bring a structure to help the government identify the issues, force the government to think about those issues and formulate necessary policies. This will help clear the mess in the policymaking. And, if necessary pressure is put, I am sure we will achieve the goal,” he added.
Mr.Sinha also said present policymaking was far more participatory than it was in sixties and seventies.
Replying to a question on the delay in implementation on GST, he said there were indications that the Centre was committed to introducing GST Bill. “I hope it will work out a mechanism to address the concerns of states,” he added.

Fed s Kocherlakota won t seek new term in 2016fed s kocherlakota won t seek new term in 2016
Essential to have 30 minutes to yourself‘Essential to have 30 minutes to yourself’
Vishal Bali
December 12, 2014:  
Co-founder & Chairman, Medwell Ventures
1 I live by the mantra that healthy is happy and therefore balance my activities such that they drain and fuel energy. I run or cycle for 30 minutes everyday irrespective of time and place. Some exercise everyday is a great stress buster and brain equaliser. Thirty minutes to yourself helps stay in the moment.
2 I aim for three balanced meals a day, a breakfast of carbs, protein and fibre. I religiously have oats for breakfast. Diet also includes a lot of vegetables, brown rice and fruits. I restrict myself to white meat only.
3 Working across time zones, 6 am to 11pm across Monday to Friday, is a grind. But a healthy lifestyle has helped me remain positive at work and home.
4 Music is an other stress buster. I listen to classic Indian instrumental and jazz.
5 Fitness is a way of life. Our comfort zone shouldn’t define our limits; being fit has pushed me to focus better and remain positive.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

State-based health exchange bill fizzles at last hour2
Without a state-based exchange, Illinois consumers also could be affected by a pending U.S. Supreme Court case that could result in higher health costs for some. Justices will take up the question of whether health insurance subsidies are legal in states, including Illinois, that use the federal health insurance portal to connect consumers with health plans offered under the federal Affordable Care Act.
Up to 1 million Illinois residents are eligible for subsidies, state officials have said. The average Illinois resident who bought coverage for 2014 on the federal exchange received a $202 credit, lowering the monthly premium to $114 from $316, according to government data.
The threat to the subsidies is based on a legal dispute over language in the Affordable Care Act, commonly known as Obamacare. A provision in the law appears to restrict the subsidies to policies bought on an "exchange established by the state."
A ruling from the high court is expected in June or July. Establishing a state-run exchange would have served as a safeguard for Illinois' subsidies regardless of the high court's decision.
Still, some representatives said the tax on insurers that would have funded the exchange would have meant higher costs for consumers.
"Of course every tax is passed down onto the end users," said Rep. Ron Sandack, R-Downers Grove. "This wasn't an expense that was going to be borne by insurance companies without some kind of pass-through."
Although Illinois could still move to authorize an exchange, the loss of federal funding would pose a considerable hurdle, given the state's budget troubles, health advocates have said.
It's hard to say, however, whether lawmakers will continue to pursue a state-based exchange, state officials said, especially with the upcoming shift in the governor's office.
More than three dozen states will rely on the federally operated portal for their residents to sign up for 2015 coverage through Obamacare.
Fourteen states and the District of Columbia launched their own exchanges last year with federal grants ranging from $42 million for Minnesota to about $829 million for California. Some exchanges were deemed successful, while others struggled to get off the ground.
Legislators have been working to get the go-ahead for a state-run exchange for years. In 2013, a bill passed the state Senate but the legislation never reached the House floor.
"You never know what the feds are going to do, they could extend the deadline,'' said House Majority Leader Barbara Flynn Currie, D-Chicago.
"We'll wait and see. I'm disappointed, I thought it was a good bill, carefully thought out, but unfortunately we didn't have the breadth of support we needed."
Tribune reporters Wes Venteicher and Monique Garcia contributed.

Oil at $60 isn t all positiveAkash Prakash: Oil at $60 isn't all positive
Akash Prakash |  Dec 11, 2014 09:50 PM IST
Everyone is busy celebrating collapsing oil prices, and the huge positives this will bring to the global economy. From mid-June, prices are down by more than 40 per cent, with Brent now falling to below $65 a barrel. There are many highly credible commentators calling for a continued price spiral, with price forecasts of $50-55 a barrel by mid-2015 not uncommon. Where prices ultimately settle and for how long is obviously anyone's guess, but this is a huge move with global implications both politically and economically.
Is such a large move in so short a time unambiguously positive for the global economy, as almost everyone seems to believe? Is it a massive tax cut and more or less a free lunch as most want to believe?
The decline in oil prices is simply a transfer of purchasing power from the producer of oil to its consumer. From the global economy perspective, there is no additional wealth created.
The obvious positive is that this transfer of wealth from the oil producers to the consumers/importers should lead to a boost in consumption. A $40-a-barrel decline in prices will lead to a transfer of $1.3 trillion a year. It is widely accepted that this will lead to a boost in global gross domestic product (GDP), as the propensity of the oil importer to consume is greater than the propensity of the oil producer to spend.
Markets also cheer as the importers are the European Union, Japan, China, India and even the United States, all far more relevant for global financial markets than Russia, Venezuela, Iran or Nigeria (the worst hit by the decline in prices). While this is a short-term positive for global growth, as consumers spend and consumption accelerates it will imply a decline in global savings, which may have longer-term consequences on financial markets and interest rates. Ultimately, the oil producers were not just sitting on their oil revenues, they were invested in some financial asset, somewhere in the world. This investment will stop as consumption picks up.
There are other implications on global financial markets, not all of which are positive. As the folks at Gavekal point out, nobody seems to be thinking of the inventory and liquidity effects of such a steep decline in oil prices. Assume the world consumes about 92 million barrels of oil daily and carries about 100 days of inventory. When oil was trading at $100, $920 billion was stuck in inventories, held by someone in the system and financed by someone else. If the price of oil settles at $60, the financing needs will drop to $552 billion. Almost $400 billion of liquidity will get released into the global system. This is a positive and will only add to the excess liquidity sloshing around global financial markets. Such a capital release can fundamentally alter the economics of many players in the value chain.
However, somebody will also have to take the near $400-billion loss on existing inventories as prices for all end products adjust immediately. Some of the inventories will be held in sovereign strategic reserves, and these losses will be absorbed or camouflaged in national accounts. However, there will be collateral damage to the whole petroleum value chain, and somebody will be on the hook for these inventory losses. It is not clear where the losses will surface, and the absorptive capacity of the losers. One cannot rule out some nasty surprises. During the last big decline in oil prices, starting in 1985, large parts of the Texas banking system went under, and it was also arguably a catalyst for the eventual demise of the Soviet Union. Losses of $400 billion can stress any financial system or counterparty.
Over the past few years, we have seen a massive build-out of non-Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries oil production capacity, largely in shale and tar sands in North America. Many of these assets are unviable below $60-65 a barrel, and the question then becomes: how was this rapid production build-out financed? Clearly, the producers were not generating sufficient cash flow to self- finance the production/drilling surge. It was debt - either high-yield bonds or bank lending - that has financed the majority of the infrastructure needed to sustain the production surge we have seen in North America over the past five years. But at $60 oil, much of this debt can no longer be serviced.
This has already thrown the high-yield market into a bit of a tizzy, as energy was the highest share of the market and spreads for energy issuers have surged. Most players in the sector have no ability to access new high-yield issuance. If losses are significant, it may impact access to high-yield debt for all sectors of the economy. At a minimum high-yield spreads will rise. Either way, either access or cost of debt will be negatively impacted for many sectors of the global economy that need capital the most.
If banks are left holding the can, the problems may be even bigger. The losses incurred by the banks on this lending could erode their capital base and earnings power, further weakening their ability and willingness to lend. If banks do not want to lend, that has obvious implications for the pace and sustainability of any economic upturn.
The other obvious negative of declining oil prices is the impact it has on the relative attractiveness of alternative energy and renewables. It will make the world economy more carbon-intensive and less energy-efficient. Just when solar was nearly at grid parity, the bar has moved downwards.
In a world fighting deflation, lower oil prices do not really help the central banks. By putting downward pressure on headline inflation, already low inflation expectations may get further entrenched or blindside the central banks to any pick-up in underlying inflationary pressures.
Don't get me wrong, one would prefer falling oil prices to $110 a barrel any day. The decline has given India the breathing room we need to get our fiscal house in order, as we have smartly taken off subsidies and also raised taxes. The simple point is that there is no free lunch, and one should not ignore the negative repercussions of such a sharp and quick move in a critical global commodity. There will be both losers and gainers, and it is important to think this through and not be caught with the losers.
The writer is at Amansa Capital. These views are his own

The  colour  of intelligenceDevangshu Datta: The 'colour' of intelligence
Devangshu Datta | New Delhi Dec 11, 2014 09:48 PM IST
James Watson recently created a stir by auctioning off his Nobel medal. The 86-year-old co-discoverer of the molecular structure of deoxyribonucleic acid or DNA received the Nobel for Physiology in 1962, along with Maurice Wilkins and Francis Crick. Tragically, Rosalind Franklin, who also made a major contribution, died in 1958.
Watson's achievements are gigantic. He has held positions at Harvard, at Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory and headed the Human Genome Project. His personal account, The Double Helix, remains a best-seller, and so do his textbooks on molecular biology.
But his career has also been tainted by recurrent accusations of racism and sexism. He has a talent, if it may be so described, for making quotable statements on charged subjects. For example, he once said a pregnant woman should "hypothetically" have the right to abort if tests showed the foetus "may have a tendency to become homosexual".
He has also famously speculated on links between libido and skin colour: "That's why you have Latin lovers. You've never heard of an English lover. Only an English Patient." He has argued in favour of eugenics and genetic screening to "cure stupidity".
In 2007, Watson was on tour promoting his book, Avoid Boring People: Lessons from a Life in Science (an extremely readable and irreverent tome), when he spoke to Sunday Times. He said "I am inherently gloomy about Africa. All our social policies are based on the fact that their intelligence is the same as ours - whereas all the testing says not really". He continued that "people who have to deal with black employees find this (equal intelligence) is not true". Those remarks (which he subsequently withdrew) led to the cancellation of the tour and enforced retirement from Cold Harbor.
Although not in financial need, Watson felt ostracised by the scientific community and decided to auction his medal. Alisher Usmanov, billionaire co-owner of Arsenal FC, bought the medal for $4.8 million and promptly returned it. Watson is said to have donated a large part of the money to Cold Harbor, the University of Chicago, Indiana University and Cambridge.
Watson's racism, and his advocacy of eugenics reflect attitudes that were mainstream when he was a young man. Given the colonial history of the 19th and 20th centuries, the racism may have been historically inevitable.
Francis Galton (1822-1911), who was Charles Darwin's cousin and a pioneering statistician, coined "eugenics". Galton did studies on the inheritable nature of intelligence and the environmental effect on it. He advocated giving intelligent people incentives to marry each other and thus, produce bright progeny.
The darker side is forbidding marriage and procreation rights to "unsuitable" people with lower intelligence, criminal tendencies and so on. Nazism indulged in the extermination of "undesirables". Apartheid in South Africa and Segregation in southern American states created highly discriminatory environments and punished "miscegenation". India's sterilisation programmes during the Emergency also disproportionately targeted specific socio-economic classes.
Among other Nobel Prize winners, Winston Churchill (unsurprisingly) and William Shockley were pro-eugenicists. Shockley was a co-developer of the transistor and one of the pioneers of Silicon Valley. He was an abrasive, paranoid man who alienated subordinates and eventually, his children. Shockley believed that the "less intelligent" should be prevented from having children in order to prevent the spreading of bad genes.
Shockley also felt intelligence correlated to colour, a suggestion that is often backed by allusions to racial differences in American IQ scores. (Blacks and Hispanics score lower than non-Hispanic whites, who score lower than Indians and Koreans). A controversial book, The Bell curve: Intelligence and Class Structure in American Life by Richard J Herrnstein and Charles Murray (1994) discussed some of those racial differences. But other studies show that if statistical controls are used for school-teaching standards, socio-economic strata, family environment and so on, racial differences tend to disappear.
This debate will continue to rage around the world though it may be ranged around correlations of intelligence with colour, caste, religion, or "racial purity" in various places. The nature of intelligence and how it can be measured, is in itself contentious. It will take more than scientific counter-factuals to make racists change ingrained attitudes.

Mysterious  08 Turkey pipeline blast opened new cyberwar eraJordan Robertson & Michael Riley: Mysterious '08 Turkey pipeline blast opened new cyberwar era
Jordan Robertson & Michael Riley |  Dec 11, 2014 09:46 PM IST
The pipeline was outfitted with sensors and cameras to monitor every step of its 1,099 miles from the Caspian Sea to the Mediterranean. The blast that blew it out of commission didn't trigger a single distress signal.
That was bewildering, as was the cameras' failure to capture the combustion in eastern Turkey. But investigators shared their findings within a tight circle. The Turkish government publicly blamed a malfunction, Kurdish separatists claimed credit and BP had the line running again in three weeks. The explosion that lit up the night sky over Refahiye, a town known for its honey farms, seemed to be forgotten.
It wasn't. For western intelligence agencies, the blowout was a watershed event. Hackers had shut down alarms, cut off communications and super-pressurised the crude oil in the line, according to four people familiar with the incident who asked not to be identified because details of the investigation are confidential. The main weapon at valve station 30 on August 5, 2008, was a keyboard.
The revelation "rewrites the history of cyberwar," said Derek Reveron, a professor of national security affairs at the US Naval War College in Newport, Rhode Island.
Countries have been laying the groundwork for cyberwar operations for years, and companies have been hit recently with digital broadsides bearing hallmarks of government sponsorship. Sony's network was raided by hackers believed to be aligned with North Korea, and sources have said JPMorgan Chase & Co blamed an August assault on Russian cyberspies. Security researchers just uncovered what they said was a campaign by Iranian hackers that targeted commercial airlines, looking for vulnerabilities that could be used in physical attacks.
Energy politics
The Refahiye explosion occurred two years before Stuxnet, the computer worm that in 2010 crippled Iran's nuclear-enrichment programme, widely believed to have been deployed by Israel and the US. It turns out the Baku-Tbilisi-Ceyhan pipeline hackers were ahead of them. The chief suspect, according to US intelligence officials, is Russia.
The sabotage of the BTC line - which follows a route through the former Soviet Union that the US mapped out over Russian objections - marked another chapter in the belligerent energy politics of Eurasia. Days after the explosion, Russian fighter jets dropped bombs near the line in neighbouring Georgia. Alexander Dugin, an influential advocate of Russian expansionism and at the time an adviser to the Russian parliament, was quoted in a Turkish newspaper declaring the BTC was "dead."
Kinetic effects
The obituary was premature, but the attack proved to US officials that they were right to be concerned about the vulnerability of pipelines that snake for hundreds of thousands of miles across Europe and North America. National Security Agency experts had been warning the lines could be blown up from a distance, without the bother of conventional weapons. The attack was evidence other nations had the technology to wage a new kind of war, three current and former US officials said.
"The timing really is the significance," said Chris Blask, chairman of the Industrial Control System Information Sharing and Analysis Center, which works with utilities and pipeline companies. "Stuxnet was discovered in 2010 and this was obviously deployed before that. This is another point on the timeline" in the young history of cyberwar.
US intelligence agencies believe the Russian government was behind the Refahiye explosion, according to two of the people briefed on the investigation. The evidence is circumstantial, they said, based on the possible motive and the level of sophistication. The attackers also left behind a tantalising clue.
As investigators followed the trail of the failed alarm system, they found the hackers' point of entry was an unexpected one: the surveillance cameras themselves.
The cameras' communication software had vulnerabilities the hackers used to gain entry and move deep into the internal network, according to the people briefed on the matter.
Once inside, the attackers found a computer running on a Windows operating system that was in charge of the alarm-management network, and placed a malicious programme on it. That gave them the ability to sneak back in whenever they wanted.
Extensive reconnaissance
The central element of the attack was gaining access to the operational controls to increase the pressure without setting off alarms. Because of the line's design, the hackers could manipulate the pressure by cracking into small industrial computers at a few valve stations without having to hack the main control room.
The presence of the attackers at the site could mean the sabotage was a blended attack, using a combination of physical and digital techniques. The super-high pressure may have been enough on its own to create the explosion, according to two of the people familiar with the incident. No evidence of a physical bomb was found.
Having performed extensive reconnaissance on the computer network, the infiltrators tampered with the units used to send alerts about malfunctions and leaks back to the control room. The back-up satellite signals failed, which suggested to the investigators that the attackers used sophisticated jamming equipment, according to the people familiar with the probe.
Investigators compared the time-stamp on the infrared image of the two people with laptops to data logs that showed the computer system had been probed by an outsider. It was an exact match, according to the people familiar with the investigation.
Three days after the BTC blast, Russia went to war with Georgia, and Georgian Prime Minister Nika Gilauri accused Russia of sending the jets to bomb the BTC near the city of Rustavi. The bombs missed their presumed target, some by only a few feet, and the pipeline remained undamaged. The keyboard was the better weapon.
© Bloomberg

Eurozone banks: horsing around© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/cfc567aa-8141-11e4-b956-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Taiwan tech: the screen and the cycle© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/2e571a32-811c-11e4-896c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Telecom Italia: stewing nicely© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/f603b608-8130-11e4-896c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Commercial property lending bounces backCommercial property lending bounces back
Kate Allen
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f28108da-806a-11e4-9907-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sensex recovers 64 points ahead of inflation  IIP dataOil co stocks drag Sensex down 251 points; worst week in 3 years
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, December 12, 2014
First Published: 10:18 IST(12/12/2014) | Last Updated: 23:15 IST(12/12/2014)
Comments
The BSE benchmark Sensex fell for a fifth session in six on Friday to post its worst weekly loss in three years dragged down by losses in oil and gas, realty and metal shares as Brent crude prices slipped to below $63 a barrel.
The 30-share Sensex resumed stable and improved to a high of 27,692.32 on firm Asian cues on the back of rally on Wall Street on Thursday. Later, it met with strong resistance and fell back to settle at 27,350.68 on bearish European opening, a fall of 251.33% or 0.91%. On a weekly basis, the Sensex has plunged by 1,107.42 points, or 3.89% — the worst weekly drop since December 2011.
The broader NSE Nifty ended at 8,224.10, down 68.80 points or 0.8%.
Brent crude oil prices sliding below $63 a barrel has led to global economic growth concerns, which also dragged European stocks lower.
“Markets closed the week with losses of about 3-4% on the benchmarks. There was weakness across sectors as markets are concerned about a global slowdown, as reflected in demand from major oil producing organisations,” said Dipen Shah, head – private client group research, Kotak Securities.
As per the regulatory data, foreign investors sold $141.5 million worth of shares in the last three sessions. Analysts expect FII flows will fall further as the Christmas holiday season approaches.
The slump in crude prices could also affect FII flows as sovereign wealth funds-backed by major oil exporters like Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Norway among others would have limited capital for exports next year, Neelkanth Mishra, MD (equity research) at Credit Suisse had warned this week.
Among major losers on Friday, Oil and Natural Gas Corp tumbled 3.6%, followed by Essar Oil (3.2%), Reliance Industries (2.5%) and Gail India (4.5%). Real estate stocks like Godrej Properties, Puravankara, Unitech and DLF fell between 3-6%. Among metal stocks, Tata Steel plunged 4% and Hindalco and Jindal Steel and Power were down 1-2%.

China water diversion starts to flowDecember 12, 2014 8:55 am
China water diversion starts to flow
Lucy Hornby in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/96310a28-81d0-11e4-a9bb-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China probes vanishing of foreign bridesChinese mystery of vanishing foreign brides
Jamil Anderlini in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7d7242cc-81e9-11e4-b9d0-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Lok Sabha passes coal mines billNew Delhi, December 12, 2014
Updated: December 13, 2014 04:30 IST
Lok Sabha passes coal mines bill
PTI
Tweet
The Hindu
File photo shows trucks waiting to load coal at a mine in Ramgarh. The Lok Sabha on Friday passed a bill which provides for fresh auction of 204 coal blocks de-allocated by the Supreme Court.
TOPICS
Lok Sabha
The government on Friday assured the Lok Sabha that Coal India Ltd., would not be denationalised. “We are in fact strengthening it,” said Union Minister of State for Coal Piyush Goyal while steering The Coal Mines (Special Provisions) Bill, 2014, through the Lower House with a voice vote.
Though some Opposition parties made out a case for referring the Bill to the Departmental Standing Committee, their resistance to the draft legislation petered out by the time the discussion was wrapped up. The Opposition strategy appeared to be to force the Bill to a Select Committee in the Rajya Sabha, where it has the strength to do so; using the Lok Sabha merely to voice their reservations, particularly on the end use clause which has “left a door open for discretion.”
With the Opposition questioning the government’s haste in pushing the Bill without scrutiny, Mr. Goyal said such “alacrity” was needed owing to the Supreme Court order cancelling allocation of 204 coal blocks. “The government had to take the Ordinance route to address apprehensions of job losses and ensure power supply.” Dismissing the demand for referring the Bill to a Standing Committee, he said it essentially replaces the Ordinance which has been widely debated and ``no provision has been criticised in the public debate.”
Earlier, Jyotiraditya Scindia (Congress) and Kalyan Banerjee (Trinamool) pointed out that there was no provision in the Bill to improve the work conditions of coal miners. Mr. Scindia, a former Power Minister, said the government was wasting a “wonderful opportunity to recast the coal sector.” The Bill, he stressed, needed to meet certain objectives — reduce the coal deficit, and make the mining process more scientific and cost efficient. Pitching for a differential coal block allocation system, he said there should be a price ceiling and reverse auction for regulated entities, while for unregulated entities, the idea should be to maximise revenues through auction.
Mr. Bannerjee wanted to know why the Bill’s provisions did not include anything about how to strengthen Coal India and its subsidiaries took umbrage at the Minister suggesting that political parties should not oppose the Bill as States with mines would get money: “Mines are properties of States... You are not giving any charity... [You are] making money from State governments’ property....”
Tatagatha Satpathy (BJD) also made a similar point about the “belligerence with which a thought is being pushed forward that all regional parties and politicians should keep quiet primarily because the proceeds of the bids will go to State governments.”
He also described the definition of “end use” in the Bill as “suspicious” as it spoke of ‘any other use as specified by the Central government. This meant, he stressed, that “a huge door” was being kept open for “discretionary practices.”
Coal block allocation: chronology of events
July 14, 1992
A number of coal blocks, which were not in the production plan of Coal India Ltd and the Singareni Collieries Company Limited (SCCL), were identified and a list of 143 blocks were prepared.
1993 to 2010
A total of 70 coal mines or blocks were allocated between 1993 and 2005, 53 in 2006, 52 in 2007, 24 in 2008, 16 in 2009 and one in 2010.
In all, 216 block were allocated between 1993 and 2010, out of which 24 were taken away at different points in time, effectively leaving the total number of allocated blocks at 194.
March 2012
CAG’s draft report accuses govt of ‘inefficient’ allocation of coal blocks 2004—2009; estimates windfall gains to allottees at Rs 10.7 lakh crore.
May 29, 2012
Prime Minister Manmohan Singh offers to give up his public life if found guilty in the scam * May 31, 2012: CVC, based on a complaint of two BJP MPs — Prakash Javadekar and Hansraj Ahir — directs a CBI enquiry
June 2012
Coal ministry forms an inter—ministerial panel to review the process of allocation of blocks and to decide either on de—allocations or forfeiture of bank guarantees.
Since then, the government has taken back about 80 coal fields while bank guarantees in 42 cases have been forfeited.
August 2012
CAG’s final report, tabled in Parliament, tones down loss to exchequer figure to Rs 1.86 lakh crore.
June 2012
Coal ministry forms an inter—ministerial panel to review the process of allocation of blocks and to decide either on de—allocations or forfeiture of bank guarantees.
Since then, the government has taken back about 80 coal fields while bank guarantees in 42 cases have been forfeited.
August 2012
CAG’s final report, tabled in Parliament, tones down loss to exchequer figure to Rs 1.86 lakh crore.
August 25, 2012
Govt claims CAG’s presumptive loss theory flawed, no mining yet.
August 27, 2012
PM says CAG flawed; “The observations of the CAG are clearly disputable”
September 6, 2012
PIL in SC seeks cancellation of 194 coal block allotments Supreme Court begins monitoring the CBI probe into the coal field allocations
March 2013
The Apex Court asks CBI not to share probe details with govt
April 23, 2013
Standing Committee on Coal and Steel, in a report tabled in Parliament, says coal blocks distributed between 1993—2008 done in unauthorized manner. Says allotment of mines where production not started should be cancelled.
April 26, 2013
CBI Director Ranjit Sinha submits affidavit saying investigation report shared with law minister Ashwani Kumar.
May 10, 2013

UK house market settling  says BellwayUK housing market starting to settle, Bellway says
Elizabeth Paton in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7c5bb9d8-81d8-11e4-b9d0-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Nightie ban in Mumbai goes after a mighty dressing downUpdated: December 12, 2014 18:50 IST
Nightie ban in Navi Mumbai goes after a mighty dressing down
Rashmi Rajput
Tweet
The Hindu
File photo of a store selling nighties. A vigilante women’s group thinks the nighwear is "indecent" (Photo for representative purpose)
TOPICS
social issues (general)
Women’s group ‘bans’ nightgowns in public
Dubbing it ‘indecent’, a vigilante women’s group imposed a ‘ban’ on nightgowns or nighties as they are colloquially called, in a village in Navi Mumbai and even levied a fine on the alleged ‘offenders’. Navi Mumbai is a satellite town of Mumbai.
The order was affixed on a notice board at the entrance of the Gothivli village near Rabale in Navi Mumbai on Monday morning. It imposed a `ban' on women who sported nightgowns outside the confines of their home.
This dictate was the work of a local women’s group identified as Indrayani Mahila Mandal which declared the garment to be ‘indecent’ and inappropriate to be worn in public. A fine of Rs 500 was also slapped on who defied the rule.
However, when the local police learnt about the issue which could trigger an outrage, a meeting was called. At the end of the meeting the group apologized for the order which now stands ‘withdrawn’.
“The meeting was to convey sternly to the vigilante group that our laws don’t permit of such a ban and that personal liberty has been guaranteed by our constitution,” a police officer from the police station told The Hindu.

Should RBI cut rates after sharp contraction in IIPShould RBI cut rates after sharp contraction in IIP?
Malini Bhupta | Mumbai Dec 12, 2014 06:44 PM IST
It hasn't been a good week for the markets. The risk-off trade, which has dragged the benchmark indices down, may continue next week too, as industrial output for the month of October has contracted by a shocking 4.2% and the central bank isn't in the mood to cut rates even though retail inflation continued to soften to 4.38% in November.
The divergent trends are expected to create more confusion among economists, who are anyway divided over Governor Rajan's inflation-targeting approach to monetary policy. After the weak industrial output, the clamour for rate cuts will reach fever pitch. And in the process, strategists and equity experts will ignore the fact that HSBC Manufacturing PMI hit a 21-month high in November to 53.3. In October, Manufacturing PMI was at 51.6, clearly suggesting an uptick in industrial activity. However, IIP data suggests that manufacturing has declined by 7.6% in October.
The market and a handful of economists have been asking for a stimulus in the form of a rate cut ever since CPI started softening earlier this year. Many believe that the RBI is already too late when it comes to acting on lowering benchmark rates, as they believe that by targeting inflation alone, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan is ignoring growth. So is RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan behind the curve or is he plain prudent?
Those arguing for rate cuts believe that the real interest rates have been positive since January and that now they are well above the RBI's 150-200 basis points territory. But those in favour of a pro-longed pause believe once real interest rates are calculated by factoring in RBI's policy rates and the retail inflation, then the rates have turned positive only in the last few months.
Samiran Chakraborty, economist at Standard Chartered Bank, says "The governor has adopted an inflation targeting approach to monetary policy and he is acting on that premise. After so many years of high retail prices, just two months of low inflation might not be able to convince the central bank that the decline is sustainable. The real policy rates have turned positive only in the last two months and the RBI Governor is expected to wait for another couple of months to see a trend developing and also see how the government manages the fiscal side. Therefore, we have a call for a rate cut in February."
HSBC Global Research too has a similar view and it says in a note: "If the RBI is able to hold on to rates at this crucial juncture, it should get a clearer sense of whether the current softening in commodity prices is likely to persist. It should also allow some more time for the recent fall in prices to feed into inflation expectations. These factors are critical if the RBI wants to meet its target of 6% CPI inflation by January 2016, and more importantly, remove excess inflation that has plagued the economy."

Banks keep Christmas parties low key© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7672a072-7c74-11e4-aa9c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tata Motors global sales up 2.37% in NovemberTata Motors global sales up 2.37% in November
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 12, 2014 07:00 PM IST
Tata Motors today reported 2.37% increase in global sales, including Jaguar Land Rover, at 83,906 units in November.
The company had sold 81,957 units in the same month last year.
In the passenger vehicles category, the global sales last month were at 53,673 units as against 50,703 units in November 2013, up 5.85%, Tata Motors said in a statement.
Sales of luxury brand Jaguar Land Rover increased by 3.4% to 41,318 units in November as compared to 39,956 units in the same month last year.
Sales of commercial vehicles declined by 3.26% in November to 30,233 units from 31,254 units a year ago.

All-female panels: the new normal© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0bafc6ae-7ff6-11e4-adff-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

IIP contracts 4.2% in October  lowest in three yearsIIP contracts 4.2% in October, lowest in three years
Nayanima Basu | New Delhi Dec 12, 2014 07:12 PM IST
Negating Prime Minister Narendra Modi's 'Make In India' campaign, industrial output in the month of October contracted by 4.2%, lowest in three years, compared to (-) 1.2% in the same month last year. This was mainly due to a sharp drop in manufacturing sector which registered a decline of 7.6% over (-) 1.3% last year in October.
In October 2011 industrial output fell by 5%.
The fall in manufacturing in October, which has a weightage of 75.52% in the index of industrial production (IIP), was the lowest in five years seven months. In February 2009, the manufacturing sector registered a massive fall of 9.1%.
"This has happened due to complete absence of consumption, both in rural and urban markets. As a result, production of consumer durables is severely low. There is no appetite for spending due to high inflation. I do not see any scope of revival in the months to come. This is typically a demand side problem with supply issues as well. Although the government is taking measures to smoothen business, remove red-tapeism, the real problem lies in addressing fundamental problems, which will take a long time," said Madan Sabnavis, chief economist, CARE Ratings.
Sabnavis said the fall in industrial production in October, which is otherwise a festive season and should translate into more demand, can be linked with rise in gold imports that rose by a massive 280% in the same month. This meant, he said, people probably invested more in gold than buying consumer durables.
Cumulative industrial production during April-October stood at 1.9% compared to 0.2% in the corresponding period of last fiscal, according to the data released today by ministry of statistics and programme implementation.
In the three main segments of the industrial production, mining sector registered a growth of 5.2% compared to a fall of 2.9% in the same month last year.
Similarly, electricity generation in October also rose 13.3% as against 1.3% in October last fiscal.
According Aditi Nayar, economist, ICRA, the October numbers should be viewed with alarm as the economic indicators for November seems healthy.
"Some indicators suggest an uptick in manufacturing output in November 2014. For instance, after contracting by 5% in October 2014, automobile production expanded by 12% in November 2014. In our view, average growth for October-November 2014 would provide a clearer picture of the evolving trends in factory output in the third quarter of FY15 ? Given the fewer number of working days on account of the shift in the festive calendar, the sharp contraction in manufacturing output in October 2014 should not be construed as a cause for alarm," Nayar added.
In October growth of the eight core infrastructure sectors had registered a healthy growth of 6.3% raising hopes of a better industrial production.

Retail inflation slips to new lowNew Delhi, December 12, 2014
Updated: December 12, 2014 23:38 IST
Retail inflation eases to 4.38 % in November
Staff Reporter
Tweet
A labourer writes serial number on a sack filled with flour at a wholesale market in Kolkata on Friday. India's retail inflation probably hit a record low in November thanks to falling prices for oil and food items, building the case for the central bank to lower interest rates early next year. Photo: Reuters
(Based on CPI in %)
inflation and deflation
Declining for the fifth consecutive month, retail inflation in November dropped to 4.38 per cent, the lowest since the new series of data was introduced in January, 2012, on the back of high-base effect of last year and softening of prices of food items.
The Consumer Price Index-based inflation or retail inflation stood at 5.52 per cent in October, while it was 11.16 per cent in November, 2013.
“The distinct moderation in CPI inflation to 4.4 per cent is admittedly a good sign for the economy; however, this has been on the back of a high base effect last year. It comes over the highest CPI inflation of 11.2 per cent last year. Hence, the signs of decline in inflation should be interpreted with caution,” credit rating agency CARE Ratings said.
The overall food inflation came down to 3.14 per cent in November from 5.59 per cent in the previous month.
Drop in vegetable prices
Retail prices of vegetables declined by 10.9 per cent against a decline of 1.45 per cent in October, according the data released by the Ministry of Statistics and Programme Implementation.
Inflation in fruits slowed to 13.74 per cent from 17.49 per cent in October.
The rate of inflation in protein-rich items such as eggs, fish and meat was at 6.48 per cent in November, slightly higher from 6.34 per cent in the previous month.
The data strengthen the case for a rate cut by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) as the central bank has started targeting retail inflation while deciding on its bi-monthly monetary policy. The RBI has been targeting a retail inflation of 8 per cent by March, 2015, and 6 per cent by March, 2016.
CARE Ratings added, “It would be a tough call for the RBI in February — on one hand, IIP numbers have registered a negative growth while, on the other hand, inflation numbers are likely to increase in the coming months.
“While there could be a strong case for rate cut, the final inflation number will be the clinching factor.”
PTI reports:
“Inflation has come down because of the seasonal fall in vegetable and fruit prices. And it has also been helped by fall in global commodity prices... However, the RBI will not cut the policy rates before the Union Budget (2015-16),” said Rupa Rege Nitsure, Chief Economist, Bank of Baroda.

An audience at the court of King JamesA royal audience at the court of ‘King’ James
Gary Silverman
On tour in New York the British Duke and Duchess of Cambridge met American ‘royalty’
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/62657a5a-807f-11e4-872b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

What went wrong for the fashion houseWhat went wrong for Gucci’s power couple?
Adam Thomson in Paris
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1a63f432-81df-11e4-a9bb-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

A pundits misplaced homage to Wigan PierDecember 12, 2014 2:09 pm
A pundit’s misplaced homage to Wigan Pier
Giles Wilkes
We are miles away from the hardship of the prewar years, writes Giles Wilkes
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8294d04a-8080-11e4-872b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Why minorities continued to get poorer long after the economy got betterBy Michael A. Fletcher December 12, 2014 Follow @Fletchpost
(Photo from Flickr user photosteve101 used under Creative Commons license)
The Great Recession was hard on almost everyone, eroding the net worth of the typical American by nearly 40 percent between 2007 and 2010. But the recovery has been more selective, according to a new analysis of Federal Reserve data by the Pew Research Center. While the wealth of whites leveled off as the economy began to heal between 2010 and 2013, blacks and Hispanics experienced continued decline.
The result is an expanding racial wealth gap. Now whites have 13 dollars for every dollar held by African Americans, a level of inequality not seen since 1989, when the white-black gap was 17 to 1, according to Pew researchers Rakesh Kochhar and Richard Fry. The gap separating whites and Hispanics is not as huge but still massive: just over 10 to 1, a level not seen since 2001. The charts below show how wealth has fluctuated by race and ethnicity since  since the government began collecting the data in 1983:
For blacks, the decline between 2010 and 2013 was precipitous–more than 33 percent. Pew noted that decline is related to the 9 percent drop in median income for minorities during the three-year period covered in the report. Also, the black unemployment rate has been in double digits for years, and stood at 11.1 percent in November, even as the overall jobless rate was 5.8 percent. By comparison, Hispanics had a 6.6 percent unemployment rate in November, and the white jobless rate was 4.9 percent.
“Minority households may not have replenished their savings as much as white households or they may have had to draw down their savings even more during the recovery,” the report said.
Another factor is that stocks and other financial assets have made rapid gains in recent years.Whites are much more likely than minorities to have such holdings, putting them in a better position to benefit from the robust recovery in financial markets. In addition, the home ownership rate for minorities fell from 50.6 percent in 2010, to 47.4 percent in 2012, the report said. For whites it slipped from 75.3 percent to 73.9 percent.
Even when minorities held on to their homes, it barely helped their wealth portfolio, economists have found. An October report  by Economic Policy Institute researcher Valerie Wilson found that  inflation-adjusted median home values fell by 4.6 percent for white households and 18.4 percent for African American households between 2010 and 2013. For Hispanics, who had the steepest wealth losses during the housing bust, home values increased by 3.7 percent, the report found.
All of that has made for greater wealth inequality. Were it not for what Pew researchers called some “anomalies,” the racial wealth gaps “are at or about their highest levels observed in the 30 years for which we have data,” the report said.
Read More:

Comprehensive schools should stiffen spineA comprehensive education should stiffen the spine
John McDermott
Shadow education secretary revives debate on ‘character building’, writes John McDermott
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/73fd21e0-8080-11e4-872b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

At last  an image of Rosettas comet in living color (which happens to be gray)By Rachel Feltman December 12, 2014 Follow @rachelfeltman
Probably more than 50 shades though. (ESA/Rosetta/MPS for OSIRIS Team)
Well, there it is. Comet 67P/C-G in the technicolor spectrum you'd see if you could gaze upon it with your own eyeballs.
Surprise, surprise: The comet is gray.
“As it turns out, 67P/C-G looks dark grey, in reality almost as black as coal,” Rosetta mission scientist Holger Sierks from the Max Planck Institute for Solar System Research  said in a statement .
This new image was created by superimposing pictures taken through filters centered on red, green, and blue wavelengths. The comet rotated as the images were being taken, so it took some careful work to superimpose them correctly -- which is why we've been stuck with those plain old grayscale images for so long.
You may have seen an image of the comet looking quite red, which circulated online as the first true color shot of the space body. But the latest news release from the European Space Agency seems to refute that.
The comet does in fact reflect red light more efficiently than other wavelengths. But that doesn't mean the comet is red. From the ESA :
A more detailed first analysis nevertheless reveals that the comet reflects red light slightly more efficiently than other wavelengths. This is a well-known phenomenon observed at many other small bodies in the Solar System and is due to the small size of the surface grains. That does not, however, mean that the comet would look red to the human eye. Natural sunlight has its peak intensity in the yellow part of the spectrum and the response of the human eye is similarly matched. Thus, overall, the comet would look rather grey to the human eye, as seen here.
This total grayness tells scientists a little something about the comet's composition:  Previous data from Rosetta and its lander Philae has suggested that Comet 67P/C-G's ice is covered in a layer of fine dust. If Comet 67P/C-G had any patches of ice peeking through on its surface, they'd show up as blueish spots. The absence of any color variation helps confirm that the comet really is a very dusty place.
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

Rs 4 479 cr in Indians  HSBC-list accounts: SIT on black moneyRs 4,479 cr in Indians' HSBC-list accounts: SIT on black money
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 12, 2014 06:55 PM IST
In first major disclosure about money held in Swiss banks, government today said Rs 4,479 crore is held in the accounts owned by Indians, who figured on the HSBC List, and the Income Tax Department has initiated action against 79 of such account holders.
Besides, the tax department and other agencies including Enforcement Directorate are probing cases involving unaccounted wealth totalling Rs 14,957.95 crore within India.
In case of suspected black money abroad, the disclosure relates to a list of 628 Indians, who figured on a list of account holders in HSBC's Geneva branch that India had got from the French government.
Out of these, no balance has been found in case of 289 accounts, according to a report of the Special Investigation Team (SIT) on black money which was submitted to the Supreme Court.
"Out of the 628 persons, 201 are either non-residents or non-traceable, leaving 427 persons cases as actionable cases," an official statement said while releasing "relevant portion of the second report of SIT on black money".
The amount involved in these cases is about Rs 4,479 crore. Of this, the Income Tax Department has finalised assessment for 79 entities involving more than 300 cases.
"An amount of Rs 2,926 crore has been brought to tax towards the undisclosed balances in the accounts relating to these persons," the statement said, adding that taxes along with interest at applicable rates have been levied.
"Penalty proceedings under Income Tax Act, 1961 have been initiated in 46 cases. Such penalties have been levied in 3 cases so far. With regard to other assesses, proceedings are pending," it said.
The statement, however, did not disclose the names of the the account holders.
Prosecutions have been initiated in 6 cases for wilful attempts to evade taxes besides show cause notices have been issued in 10 others, it said.
"In other cases, necessary action is being expedited and substantial progress is expected in coming months," it added.
Earlier in the day, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had said at a function here that proceedings in the cases related to the HSBC list will be completed by March 31, 2015.

Policy constraints mar Rs 50 000 crore investment opportunity in fertiliser sectorPolicy constraints mar Rs 50,000 crore investment opportunity in fertiliser sector
Jyoti Mukul | New Delhi Dec 13, 2014 12:34 AM IST
India’s fertiliser sector offers Rs 52,000-crore investment opportunity, with Rs 50,000-crore investment potential in urea alone. But feedstock constraint and need for policy reforms in urea has seen a capacity increase of only two million tonne over the past nine years, that, too, through revamp of existing capacity.
In urea, there is a scope to invest in 10-12 million tonne capacity, which translates into an investment of around Rs 50,000 crore. For phosphatic fertilisers, too, India has the potential to add three to four million tonne of capacities to meet demand, which is a potential investment of Rs 2,000 crore, according to a White Paper presented at an industry meet.
“The hiccups over investments in new urea capacities would increase India’s import dependence from 23 per cent of requirement now to 30 per cent by 2017 with no new capacities except a coal-bed methane-based urea in West Bengal,” said CRISIL.
India currently imports a sizeable portion of its fertiliser requirements. The intensity of fertiliser use has increased 1.4 times from 1995-2004 to 2005-12, rising from 85 to 116 kg each hectare. Primary fertilisers of nitrogen, phosphorous and potassium hold major share in consumption.
If the rise in fertiliser use had been accompanied by balanced application of NPK fertilisers, crop yields would have increased much more, it said.
The import dependence is expected to exceed 10 million tonnes annually in financial year 2017. “Dependence on subsidy makes the sector unattractive as it impacts industry’s profitability and credit profile,” said Crisil. Besides, fertiliser makers are looking at another year of delayed subsidy payments from the government despite a higher subsidy of Rs 73,000 crore budgeted for this year. “While the special banking arrangement does partially ease working capital strain and also helps save on interest cost, the rise in interest costs has been relentless leading to deterioration in interest coverage ratios.”
The introduction of nutrient-based pricing has reduced the subsidy for phosphatic fertiliser manufacturers, for urea manufacturers, subsidy accounts for 70% of total realisations and they remain vulnerable to the risk of having to use more of the expensive regassified LNG even as the farm gate prices of urea are not cost-reflective.
With 70% of gas requirement of indigenous urea manufacturers being met from domestic gas, the increase in gas price from $4.2 per million British thermal unit to $5.6 would crank up its subsidy burden for urea. For every $1 increase in gas price, the government’s additional subsidy outgo is estimated at Rs 2,500 crore

Saradha scam: Mamata backs arrested minister Madan Mitra  dares Modi to arrest herEmbarrassment mounted for West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee and her Trinamool Congress after the CBI arrested state transport and sports minister Madan Mitra in connection with the Saradha scam on Friday.    
 
He is the first minister of Bengal to be arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) in any case, and the fourth Trinamool leader to be held by the probe agency in the chit fund scam.
 
Accusing the Centre of adopting bullying tactics after Mitra’s arrest, Banerjee lashed out at Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) president Amit Shah and dared them to arrest her.
 
“CBI may take Madan to SSKM Hospital. I will go to meet him . Let me see whether Amit Shah’s goondas and Narendra Modi’s police can arrest me,” she said.
 
“It (the arrest) is unfortunate, shameful and deserves to be condemned. It’s sheer political vendetta. Can the CBI and the Centre go out of their jurisdiction and act like this?” she added.
 
The Saradha chit fund scam trail is hounding Banerjee’s government unlike any other challenge she has encountered during her stint in power so far and Mitra’s arrest triggered fresh calls from opposition leaders for her resignation.
 
Opposition parties have repeatedly accused the CM of trying to shield some of the beneficiaries of the company’s slush funds.
 
The Saradha scam was caused by the collapse of the investment operation of the Saradha Group, a consortium of over 200 private companies, which ran many unlicensed financial schemes in eastern India.
 
Under the scam hundreds of thousands of small investors lost Rs. 2,459 crore, according to an official estimate. There are unofficial estimates that peg the figure higher.
 
The CBI arrested Mitra around 4 pm after questioning him for about three hours during which he denied taking any money from Saradha, said an official privy to the development.
 
According to the official, who did not want to be named, Mitra stood his ground despite CBI officers confronting him with evidence.
 
“In the Saradha chit fund scam, RC 4 S/14, case relating to Saradha Realty, CBI has arrested Madan Mitra, a cabinet minister in the government of West Bengal on prima facie evidence of criminal conspiracy, cheating and misappropriation as well as deriving undue financial benefits from Saradha group,” said a CBI statement.
 
“CBI has also arrested Naresh Balodia, legal advisor to Sudipta Sen (Saradha Group chairperson) on charges of criminal conspiracy, cheating and diversion of funds in the same case,” the statement added.
 
Within an hour of the arrest, the Trinamool tore into Shah, who had launched a scathing attack on the Bengal CM last month, laying the foundation for the 2016 assembly elections in the state.
 
“The arrest of our cabinet colleague seems to be an act of vendetta. It appears CBI is controlled not only by BJP but also by Amit Shah. We strongly condemn this action. Neither the governor, nor the assembly speaker was informed before the arrest,” said Subrata Mukherjee, state panchayat minister.
 
The Supreme Court had in May ordered a CBI probe into the chit fund scams in West Bengal, Odisha and Assam under which various companies, including Saradha, allegedly duped investors of around Rs. 10,000 crore.
 
Two Rajya Sabha MPs (Kunal Ghosh, Srinjoy Bose) and a vice-president (Rajat Majumdar) of the Trinamool are already behind the bars in connection with the Saradha case.
 
The CM’s stated position is none from her party took any money from Saradha. She also points to the group’s operations having started during the Left rule, which she ended.
West Bengal Transport Minister Madan Mitra arrives at the CBI's office in Kolkata hours before his arrest. (Subhankar Chakraborty/HT photo)
Read: TMC is without political friends, fighting a lonely battle for staying in power
 
The group folded up in April last year, leaving its investors, largely from rural areas with little access to formal banking facilities, in the lurch.
 
The opposition mounted pressure on the CM after Mitra’s arrest.
 
“Madan Mitra’s arrest shows that Trinamool leaders are neck deep in Saradha scam, and the dots are leading to Mamata Banerjee’s doorstep. It’s time for her to resign taking moral responsibility,” said Sidharth Nath Singh, BJP national secretary.
 
State Congress president Adhir Chowdhury, too, demanded that the CM step down.
By any yardstick Mamata Banerjee is facing the worst point of her political life after coming in power in Bengal in May 2011. She is without friends at the centre. Worse, all the parties that she is approaching for alliances are declining.
Last month, both her former ally, Congress, and the the Left leaders rebuffed her when she said in the national capital that she is ready to tie up with any party (even with her bitter opponents like the Left) to fight communalism (read BJP).
"In 2011 when she tied up with Congress and swept into power in Bengal, she was at the zenith of her career. Within three years, she reached the lowest point. Her personal image, that of impeccable honesty, is gone. The popularity of the party is under a big question mark. And she now has the CBI on her trail, something that could be said about other regional party leaders, but not about Mamata earlier," said COngress leader Abdul Mannan.

Conversion row: The victory of the extremists‘We were too scared to resist conversion’
Prashant Jha , Hindustan Times  Agra, December 12, 2014
First Published: 21:47 IST(12/12/2014) | Last Updated: 01:11 IST(13/12/2014)
Comments
Monira Begum interrupts her husband sharply, “You don’t know how to speak. Let me tell the story.” Her husband is Ismail – who is the recognised leader of Ved Nagar’s Muslims, caught in the ‘conversion’ controversy since Monday. Ismail registered a complaint with the police. But his real boss appears to his begum.
Muneera Begum, one of the 300 Muslims who converted to Hinduism in Agra, talks to Samajwadi Party leaders and clerics. Raju Tomar/HT
It is late evening as we are huddled around a fire in the slum, when Begum narrates the sequence of events – how Nand Kishore, who lives in the neighbourhood, came twenty days ago promising that Modi sarkar would give them BPL cards. He returned a few days to list everyone’s name; on Monday, Kishore came with others to set up a stage, asking the men to bathe and wear a skull cap and women to come in burqas.
Aligarh bans conversions on Xmas, Sangh unfazed
 
“It was after they put tikas on forehead of men and said you are now Hindus that we realised what had happened. One of them even took off one man’s skull cap and stamped it under his feet to say your faith has changed now. Till then, we thought it was just an event to hand over BPL cards,” says Begum. She said there was never any quid pro quo - of turning Hindus for a BPL card. "It is BPL after all, not something that would make us crorepatis. They misled us." Why did they not resist it right then? Ismail says, “We were scared.” His wife throws him an angry look, “I was sleeping, but if I was up, let me tell you, riot or no riot, I would not have allowed it.”
The man Ved Nagar’s Bengali Muslims have to confront now too lives close-by. 
Ajju Chauhan, co-convenor of the Bajrang Dal in the state, cannot stop smiling. Though he has not been named as an accused, he was present on Monday – and is relishing the media attention. Chauhan gets a friend to click his picture on the phone and whatsapp it to a local media representative; he gives a byte to a national Hindi news channel; and he laughs when asked about a common acquaintance – a Bajrang Dal leader in Meerut. “Saharanpur riots made him a hero. He just spent a month in jail but is now out.”
It is now Chauhan’s turn to project himself as the ‘hero’. He counters the Begum’s version. “It was all voluntary. We have ‘sankalpa patra’, a commitment paper, from 387 of them with details of their past Hindu ancestry, their original castes, and their consent to turn back to Hindu faith. They have backtracked because maulanas have put pressure” When asked if he would share these papers, Chauhan hesitated, “We will give it to the administration tomorrow.”
Though the incident may have been a setback – after all, the Muslims stuck to their faith – Chauhan and the Sangh Parivar see it as a triumph. The details don’t matter anymore, and the familiar mix of belligerence and victimhood is at play. “Thousands of people are converted to Christianity and Islam, but when a few convert to Hinduism, there is such a hue and cry. Make no mistake, Hindu society is now aware. Modi sarkar was formed because of this awareness in Hindu society.”
Chauhan pats the central government on its back for the stance it took in parliament. “We are completely satisfied, for we wanted a debate on conversion and a strong anti conversion law. This incident has established it as a national issue.” Chauhan says that the Aligarh plan – of converting 5000 Christians on Christmas – will happen as scheduled. What if the government bans it? “It will become even bigger. Suppress and it will blow up.”
If the Hindu right is aggressive, conservative Muslim outfits are getting into the act. Using the moment, the MIM  has quickly set up an ad-hoc district committee.
Mohammed Idris Ali, the party’s district convenor, was leading a protest at the Agra collectorate on Thursday. When asked about the demands, he said, “Ban RSS, VHP, Bajrang Dal and Dharma Jagran Manch; ban all ‘ghar vaapsi’ events; take action against Ajju Chauhan and stop the Aligarh event.” 
Circumstances propelled them to the national limelight, but Monira Begum and the Muslims of Ved Nagar now want to return to their anonymous lives of eking out an existence by selling scrap – and praying as they have always done, to Allah. It was the first Friday after the controversy, and all of them did their namaaz prayers – some in the mosque, and many in the slum itself in full public view – to send out a message. “We were Muslims, we are Muslims, and we will remain Muslims.”

Erin Kearns and Joseph Youngerin kearns and joseph young
Dow falls 200 as crude hits lowest since 2009Friday, 12 Dec 2014 |  4:12  PM ET
CNBC.com
SHARES
Oil linked to every market: Pro
Will the pressure on oil continue? RBC's Marc Harris, says yes and thinks the U.S. is still a place to invest.
U.S. stocks declined on Friday, with benchmark indexes posting sizable weekly losses, as crude's ongoing slide rattled investors.
"This started a week or so ago, we'd recovered from the October low to a level that is arguably overvalued, and when we're overvalued everything has to go right, and what's not going right is what's happening to the price of oil, and what that means for Russia, Europe and the U.S.," said Hugh Johnson, chairman of Hugh Johnson Advisors.
"Everybody likes to say the price decline in oil is good news for the U.S. economy, but the real issue is this is really bad news for Russia, and by implication, bad news for Europe, which does a lot of business with Russia. The problems in Russia are getting transmitted to Europe, and Europe is an important trading partner for the U.S.," said Johnson.
"Whether it's by design or not, this is clearly putting pressure on Russia. This, plus the well-known sanctions have caused a recession in Russia, which is very dependent on oil" income," he said.
The Chicago Board Options Exchange Volatility Index , one measure of investor uncertainty, rose 5 percent to 21.08, up 78 percent this week.
Oil prices fell further after the International Energy Agency reduced its outlook for global demand .
"As prices have declined over the last month or two, we've also seen downward revisions that reinforce the price decline," said Kate Warne, investment strategist at Edward Jones.
Equities around the globe dropped on Friday after November Chinese factory production slowed more than forecast.
U.S. wholesale prices declined 0.2 percent drop in the producer price index in November after a 0.2 percent rise the previous month.
The drop in commodity prices could be seen in Friday's PPI, "it's showing up in lower inflation, and in the case of Europe, which is just a whisker away from deflation, that's not good news, because fiscal policy in Europe is leaning towards restraint. They believe in balanced budgets regardless. I don't, but they do. If they suffer deflation, that will disarm European central bank interest rate policy," said Johnson.
Adobe Systems gained after the software maker said it would acquire stock-photo company Fotalia for $800 million and posted quarterly results that beat expectations.
Stocks only briefly trimmed losses after a measure of consumer sentiment in December exceeded expectations, rising to an eight-year high.
American consumers "are feeling better, and lower gasoline prices will continue to help sentiment, which should be good news for stocks overall, but today it's all about worries that lower demand for oil means slower growth in the rest of the world, and nobody is sure how big that slowdown will be," said Warne.
Symbol

Police lock  flatten tyres of vehicles parked on DC office premisesUpdated: December 12, 2014 22:52 IST
Police lock, flatten tyres of vehicles parked on DC office premises
Staff Correspondent
Karnataka
Traffic police locking vehicles parked in ‘no-parking’ areas is quite common. But, on Friday, they locked 45 such vehicles parked in an allotted area on the Deputy Commissioner’s office premises causing inconvenience to visitors. The police allegedly flattened the tyres of many vehicles.
Deputy Commissioner V. Anbukkumar had reportedly directed the traffic police to take action against private vehicles parked on the office premises.
An autorickshaw driver, who had come to the office for some work, was disappointed to find the tyres of his vehicle flattened. An advocate was seen arguing with a traffic policeman for locking his car. The DC office has not put a notice restricting the entry of private vehicles. Those visiting the office have to park their vehicles there. “All important offices of the district headquarter are located within half-a-kilometre radius from the DC’s office . Thousands of people visit the offices every day. There is no suitable parking facility in the area. The DC should find a solution instead of directing the police to lock vehicles or flatten tyres,” said a visitor.

BJP may get absolute majority in Delhi: SurveyAam Aadmi Party
(BJP is expected to get an…)
NEW DELHI: BJP is likely to emerge as the largest party in the upcoming Assembly polls in Delhi, bagging around 45 seats, riding high on Prime Minister Narendra Modi's popularity while Arvind Kejriwal's AAP is likely to win in 17 constituencies, an opinion poll said today.
However, Kejriwal seems to be the most preferred candidate with 43 per cent for the position of Chief Minister of Delhi, followed by Harsh Vardhan (39 per cent), according to the ABP News-Nielsen poll.
Sheila Dixit has a support of five per cent respondents while Delhi BJP president Satish Upadhyay was preferred by three per cent respondents, the poll said.
The poll, conducted among 6,409 respondents from across 35 Assembly constituencies between December 4 and 8, predicts seven seats for the Congress in the 70-member House.
In the last Assembly polls, held in December last year, BJP had emerged as the single largest party winning 31 seats followed by AAP with 28 seats. The Congress stood a poor third, with only 8 seats.
According to the opinion poll, the BJP is likely to get 38 per cent vote share as against AAP's AAP 27 per cent.
As per the opinion poll, around half of the respondents feel that BJP would form the government in the upcoming elections in Delhi and around 38 per cent feel that Aam Aadmi Party should form the government.
Also, an overall level majority (65 per cent) of the respondents have rated the performance of Arvind Kejriwal as 'good/very good' with a mean score of 3.81, poll said.
As per the opinion poll, Modi is the most popular leader in Delhi with 58 per cent of the respondents saying so while 33 per cent respondents are for Arvind Kejriwal and about seven per cent for Rahul Gandhi .
As per the opinion poll, inflation, sanitation, drinking water and unemployment are the more important issues being faced by the people.
Sanitation is a bigger issue in urban areas whereas law and order and transport problems matter more in rural areas, opinion poll said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

The Problem With Digital Drivers LicensesThe Ohio State Buckeyes' upset victory over the University of Alabama's Crimson Tide Thursday was among the surprising...
Brian Blanco/Getty Images

GoPro: Bull vs. beargopro: bull vs. bear
So hot right now: Ugly Christmas sweatersUgly Christmas sweaters bask in mainstream appeal
Ugly Christmas sweaters
Chicagoan Joey Dunne, 34, operates two Christmas Sweater Depot pop-up stores.
Chicagoan Joey Dunne, 34, operates two Christmas Sweater Depot pop-up stores. (Abel Uribe, Chicago Tribune)
A sweater so ugly it's cute.
Need the perfect gift? Think Christmas sweater.
What's old (and ugly) is new again as Christmas sweaters show up at retailers.
If you have been invited to an ugly Christmas sweater party — which is likely these days — you have some decisions to make.
You could go the traditional route and rifle through the thrift store racks for a $5 itchy wool monstrosity that someone else's grandmother wore in full seriousness.
You could go to Target, Wal-Mart, Macy's, H&M, Kmart or pretty much any other mass-market retailer and find garishly jolly sweaters made just with your party in mind.
You could uglify your own sweater using pompoms, snowflakes, beads and other items found in the Ugly Christmas Sweater Kit ($29), available at Nordstrom, SkyMall and elsewhere.
Or you could don your team colors in officially licensed ugly sweaters from the NFL, NHL, NBA, MLB or NCAA ($60), new this year.
Share your ugly Christmas sweater photo here Open link
And there are many more. Ugly Christmas sweaters, once an ironic celebration of forced holiday merriment, have become as mainstream a holiday party tradition as overindulging in eggnog, a second round of costumed revelry for those who didn't get enough in October.
Say what you will about whether their ubiquity has dimmed their appeal, the spreading popularity has driven retailers large and small to invest in knitted atrocities and inspired entrepreneurial ventures.
Chicagoan Joey Dunne, 34, is operating two Christmas Sweater Depot pop-up stores this season, one in the Irving Park neighborhood and the other in Morton Grove, where he peddles vintage sweaters and hand-embellishes them for maximum hideousness for an added fee. He aspires to open a series of locations nationally, becoming "the Spirit Halloween of the ugly Christmas sweater," he said, referring to the popular Halloween pop-up chain.
While most people shop at his store when they have a party to go to, he said people increasingly are buying the sweaters for everyday use.
"It's just getting pretty socially acceptable," he said.
Dunne started selling ugly Christmas sweaters online in 2011, after he was invited to several sweater parties and found the thrift store offerings too bland and the online selection too expensive. Last season he opened his first pop-up and sales came in at $30,000. He hopes to double his revenue this year.
Dunne, who buys his inventory in bulk from three wholesalers, said the business, with its brief selling season, is not yet lucrative enough to quit his day jobs working in Internet marketing and coaching volleyball. But in the next year he hopes to secure funding and may open mall kiosks.
Dunne tries to differentiate himself from the competition through his customized embellishments, performed in the back of the stores with a 24-hour turnaround. Dunne and his team of five add branches, ornaments, bells, bows and lights to sweaters needing oomph. One of the most popular styles is the Tree-mendous sweater, which features a giant triangle of fake foliage with ball ornaments hanging off it.
"The more holiday cheer you have, the uglier you want your sweater to be," Dunne said. His sweaters start at $10 and go up to $65 if he lights them up.
But some holiday sweater veterans say that as the concept has gone mainstream, pure ugliness is no longer the goal.
Dan Steindl, manager at Ragstock in Lakeview, a thrift and novelty store, said the trend is shifting from buying the most revolting sweater to those that fit well and match the rest of their outfits.
"Since it is more fashionable now to go to these parties, they want to actually look good at the party," Steindl said.
At Ragstock, which has more than 15,000 vintage holiday sweaters in stock at its Lakeview location and 8,000 in Wicker Park, Christmas merchandise outsells Halloween items, Steindl said. Sweater prices range from $21 to $75.

Nomura names European headNomura appoints Jonathan Lewis as European head
Emma Dunkley
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c3cbb042-8201-11e4-a9bb-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ken Griffin wins divorce battle over visit to psychologistKen Griffin wins divorce battle over visit to psychologist
Caption Ken Griffin
E. Jason Wambsgans, Chicago Tribune
Ken Griffin, the founder and CEO of Citadel.
Ken Griffin, the founder and CEO of Citadel. (E. Jason Wambsgans, Chicago Tribune)
Courtesy of Anne Dias Griffin
Anne Dias Griffin.
Caption Ken and Anne Griffin
Amanda Gordon, Bloomberg
Anne Dias Griffin and Ken Griffin attend a gala for the Whitney Museum of American Art at Skylight at Moynihan Station in New York.
Anne Dias Griffin and Ken Griffin attend a gala for the Whitney Museum of American Art at Skylight at Moynihan Station in New York. (Amanda Gordon, Bloomberg)
Caption Ken and Anne Griffin
Zbigniew Bzdak, Chicago Tribune
Ken Griffin and his wife Anne, right, speak at an education conference organized by the Kenneth and Anne Griffin Foundation.
Ken Griffin and his wife Anne, right, speak at an education conference organized by the Kenneth and Anne Griffin Foundation. (Zbigniew Bzdak, Chicago Tribune)
Caption Ken and Anne Griffin
Amanda Gordon, Bloomberg
Ken Griffin, chief executive officer of Citadel LLC, and Anne Dias Griffin, managing partner at Aragon Global Managment LLC, attend the Whitney Museum of American Art's fall gala in New York.
Ken Griffin, chief executive officer of Citadel LLC, and Anne Dias Griffin, managing partner at Aragon Global Managment LLC, attend the Whitney Museum of American Art's fall gala in New York. (Amanda Gordon, Bloomberg)
Griffin's visit to psychologist not fair game in divorce, judge rules
Wife of hedge fund billionaire loses argument over disclosing joint visit to psychologist
Hearing over billionaire couple's visit to psychologist lasts about 90 minutes
Billionaire hedge fund manager Ken Griffin scored a legal victory in his divorce case when a Cook County judge ruled Wednesday that his wife may no longer insist she signed their prenuptial agreement under duress after visiting a psychologist with her husband-to-be.
The ruling is a setback for Anne Dias Griffin.
One of her lawyers said in court Wednesday that striking the visit would make it difficult for her to make her case that she was coerced into signing the prenuptial agreement.
Many of the court filings of Dias Griffin, who has been trying to have their 2003 prenuptial agreement declared invalid, have pointed to a therapy session two days before her wedding that she has said led her to sign the prenuptial agreement. The therapist sided with Griffin, Dias Griffin said in filings, telling Dias Griffin that she was being difficult.
Dias Griffin has said that the psychologist's advice to avoid conflict on the eve of their wedding made her relent and sign the document. Dias Griffin also has said in filings that her husband tricked her into going to the session by not disclosing that he already had a professional relationship with the psychologist.
@Jim Ruiz - that is so horribly untrue.
The Man With The Plan
at 10:05 AM December 04, 2014
4
Griffin, who in July filed for divorce from his money-manager wife, has said in filings that disclosure of the therapy session by Dias Griffin violated the Illinois Mental Health & Developmental Disabilities Confidentiality Act.
Griffin, founder and chief executive of Chicago-based Citadel, had sought to have the discussion of the psychologist's visit thrown out of the divorce proceedings.
On Wednesday, Judge Grace Dickler granted Griffin's "motion to strike" after hearing about 90 minutes of arguments from both sides. Dias Griffin also had maintained in filings that she wasn't precluded from disclosing communications between her and the psychologist.
But Dickler said that the confidentiality act applies to the therapy session, and that Griffin didn't waive his rights for his wife to disclose it.
In a courtroom of the Daley Center in Chicago on Wednesday, one of Griffin's lawyers argued that mental-health records, including the mere mention of a visit to a psychologist, should be held in confidence.
Both Griffin and his wife received counseling from the psychologist, and therefore Dias Griffin may not carve out what was said to her, Michael Berger, principal of Berger Schatz in Chicago, told the court. Dias Griffin has no right to waive the privilege of her husband in disclosing the premarital visit to the psychologist, he said.
Griffin, the wealthiest person in Illinois, has said that his money-manager wife understood the prenuptial agreement, and, one day before their wedding, signed it in the office of one of her lawyers, and initialed every page.
The judge asked one of Dias Griffin's lawyers, Howard London, of Beermann Pritikin Mirabelli Swerdlove in Chicago, about the fact that the signing of the prenuptial agreement occurred in the offices of one of Dias Griffin's lawyers after the visit to the psychologist.
London said it was naive to suggest that Dias Griffin no longer felt coerced by the psychologist's visit just because she signed the prenuptial agreement a day later in the presence of her lawyers. Griffin used the therapy session to commit a wrong, so Dias Griffin had no choice but to mention the joint meeting with a psychologist, London said. Privilege shouldn't be granted to someone who makes a farce out of a therapy session, he said.
He noted that Dias Griffin didn't make any disclosures about her husband's mental-health records, his mental health or his exchanges with the therapist during the session.
"It's not about him," London said. "It's about her."
Griffin initiated the divorce, and has said that his wife signed the prenuptial agreement voluntarily, London pointed out. And now Griffin is trying to say the joint visit to the psychologist should be kept confidential, but the act of striking the visit to the therapist makes it difficult for Dias Griffin to make her case that she was coerced into signing the prenuptial agreement, London said.
Dias Griffin was in the courtroom, sitting with two of her lawyers.
A representative for Dias Griffin declined to comment on the ruling.
Other sticking points still remain about the prenuptial agreement, including whether, in Dias Griffin's words, it's "unconscionable" given that Griffin is a multibillionaire and she has assets of about $50 million before tax liabilities.

India @ 9 with Zakka JacobFour Pakistan Rangers killed in retaliatory fire by BSF along International Border in Jammu
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Buy Pidilite on expectation of strongearningsStreet sees good show after stellar year
Initiate ‘buy’ on Pidilite with target price of R610 per share, which is based on 35x March 17e EPS. Our target P/E multiple of 35x is supported by 25% EPS CAGR over FY14-FY17e and average RoCE/RoE of 25%/27%. Over various time horizons, the average P/E for the stock has expanded along with increases in EPS growth. In particular, over the past one year the stock has traded at 30x P/E with 18% EPS growth. With forecast EPS growth ramping up to 25%, we believe the fair-value multiple should increase .
Pidilite enjoys strong pricing power due to its product portfolio, well-established brands and distribution reach, being the only pan-India player in a highly fragmented national market. Relatively heavy spending on R&D and marketing have created a competitive moat for the company that is unlikely to be breached.
Although the stock is up 60% year-to-date, we expect a further re-rating as earnings ramp up to a 25% CAGR on rising demand from India’s growing middle-class and as margins widen on falling input costs. Cost of goods (CoGS), which is 50% of Pidilite’s revenue, is almost entirely from different derivatives of crude oil. Recent sharp fall in crude prices, together with operating leverage and an improved overseas performance, will boost the ebitda margin by an expected 325 bps over FY14-17e. Further declines in crude prices offer margin upside risk.
Citi
Post Comments
More from indianmarkets

Neutral on M&M Finance  target of Rs300Street sees good show after stellar year
Maintain ‘neutral’ on Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services (MMFS) and raise target price to R 300 from R250, mainly due to the rollover to Sept-16. Our target implies 2.2x Sep-16 book of R125. We believe cyclical headwinds are still too strong to play for long-term growth opportunity. Structurally, MMFS can deliver faster-than-system growth due to its rural positioning but we believe near-term headwinds are just too high to play for the long-term growth story.
However, we see no material recovery in sight yet. Near-term growth/earnings (H2FY15e) will likely disappoint in spite of a favorable rate cycle. We cut our near-term growth estimates, but raise NIMs for FY16f, and hence, we lower our earnings by only 2%. The current valuation at 2.35x Sept-16 book is demanding in the context of the slower-than-expected pick-up in growth/asset quality. Longer-term rural growth opportunity and a favourable rate cycle restrict us from a downgrade.
Overall rural buoyancy remains muted and our interaction with management indicates that post-festive demand/collections have been weaker than initially expected. While valuations have come off in the past 9 months, we think near-term earnings will likely disappoint.
On the asset quality front, the worst is behind and we do not expect slippages to inch up in H2FY15f but the seasonal pick-up in recoveries will be less pronounced
Nomura
Post Comments
More from indianmarkets

Calcutta bourse seeks to bring regional exchanges underfoldStreet sees good show after stellar year
Calcutta Stock Exchange (CSE) is trying to prevent its closure by bringing all regional stock exchanges (RSEs) under its fold even as Sebi is mounting pressure for an exit. CSE has approached the finance ministry seeking permission to tie up with any clearing corporation and re-start online trading, though Sebi has mandated that CSE has to either incorporate a clearing corporation with a minimum net worth of R300 crore or tie up with a clearing corporation with net worth of same amount.
B Madhav Reddy, CSE’s MD and CEO told FE there was no way that CSE could incorporate or tie up with a clearing corporation having a net worth of R300 crore. Sebi on May 2012 came out with an exit policy for RSEs mentioning that if an RSE didn’t have a minimum annual turnover of R1,000 crore on its own platform on continuous basis and a minimum net worth of R100 crore it would have to close down operations. The stocks of the exclusively RSE listed companies would either have to get listed with national level stock exchanges or would automatically go to the dissemination board.
While all the RSEs couldn’t meet this stipulation, CSE was the only operational RSE to have had a turnover of R9,200 crore and a net worth of above R100 crore. But it was caught in the Stock Exchange and Clearing Corporation’s (SECC’s) regulation of either incorporating or tying up with clearing corporation with net worth of R300 crore.
“We have written a letter to finance minister Arun Jaitely to relax the SECC norms. CSE becoming operational will prevent exclusively RSE listed companies to go to the dissemination board and help share holders get a fair value of their investment”, Reddy said.
There are fears that 4,000 companies worth over R2 lakh crore, exclusively listed with RSEs may escape their legal obligation of giving a fair price to the share holder taking advantage of the dissemination board.
The dissemination board run by NSE, BSE and MCX does not guarantee a fair price or a fair exit, according to V Nagappan, a stock market expert. He said with the RSEs asked to close down, the options before the exclusively RSE listed companies were to either get listed with the national level stock exchanges or get delisted as per the Sebi’s delisting regulation of 2009. If the companies failed to do both, they would automatically be moved to the dissemination board.
Post Comments
More from indianmarkets

Gold futures down on weak globalcuesCommodities see longest losing streak in 23 years
Gold prices were marginally down by 0.20 per cent to Rs 27,270 per 10 grams in futures trading today after participants offloaded partial positions amid weak cues from global markets.
At the Multi Commodity Exchange, gold for delivery in far-month April contracts declined by Rs 54, or 0.20 per cent, to Rs 27,270 per 10 grams in a business turnover of five lots.
Also, the metal for delivery in February next year shed Rs 50, or 0.18 per cent, to Rs 27,141 per 10 grams in 1,232 lots.
Market analysts said trimming of positions by speculators tracking a weak trend in overseas markets mainly put pressure on the precious metal at futures trade here.
Globally, gold traded 0.18 per cent lower at USD 1,223.90 an ounce in Singapore today.
Post Comments
More from commodities

Silver price edges lower on globalcuesCommodities see longest losing streak in 23 years
Taking weak cues from global markets, silver prices eased by 0.21 per cent to Rs 38,585 per kg in futures trade today as speculators indulged in trimming positions.
At the Multi Commodity Exchange, silver for delivery in far-month March next year contracts was down by Rs 83, or 0.21 per cent, to Rs 38,585 per kg in a business turnover of 1,205 lots.
Similarly, the white metal for delivery in May 2015 contracts shed Rs 26, or 0.07 per cent, to Rs 39,246 per kg in a business volume of 7 lots.
In the international market, silver fell by 0.09 per cent to USD 17.04 an ounce in Singapore.
Market analysts said offloading of positions by speculators, triggered by a weak trend in global markets, led to the fall in silver prices at futures trade here.
Post Comments
More from commodities

Lupin shares gain on launch of generic form ofCelebrexStreet sees good show after stellar year
On a day when benchmark indices were trading in the red, shares of Lupin were trading about 1% higher at 1.30 pm IST on Thursday as the pharma major announced the launch of generic version of Celebrex Capsules.
In an exchange release, Lupin said that it had earlier signed a licensing agreement with Pfizer Inc regarding Celebrex. Celebrex Capsules had annual US sales of$2.54 billion (IMS MAT September, 2014).
Celebrex helps to treat pain and inflammation caused by arthritis and other conditions.  
Post Comments
More from indianmarkets

Sugar stocks rally after CCEA fixes price on EthanolprocurementStreet sees good show after stellar year
Sugar stocks gained as much as 15% on Thursday following the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs’ (CCEA) decision to fix a price of Rs 48.5-49.5 for ethanol procurement by Oil Marketing Companies (OMCs).
Among the sugar stocks, Simbhaoli Sugars (15.1%), Balrampur Chini (6.1%), Shree Renuka Sugars (6.2%), Bajaj Hindusthan (6.4%) and Dhampur Sugar Mills (3%) were the major gainers.
The CCEA today (Wednesday) fixed the delivered price of Ethanol in the range of Rs 48.50 per litre to Rs 49.50 per litre, depending upon the distance of sugar mill from the depot/installation of the public sector oil marketing companies (OMCs), an official statement said.
For the distance ranging from 0-100 kms price is fixed at Rs 48.50 per litre, for 101-300 kms price will be around Rs 49.00 per litre and for the distance more than 300 kms price will be around Rs 49.5 per litre, the statement added.
“The rates proposed would be delivered price at depot location and inclusive of all Central and State taxes, transportation costs, etc which would be borne by the Ethanol suppliers,” it added.
Post Comments
More from indianmarkets

BSE Sensex falls 229 pts to 6-week low of 27 602.01; RIL  ONGC leaddeclineStreet sees good show after stellar year
After a day’s breather, Indian stocks continued their downslide today with benchmark Sensex tumbling 229.09 points to six-week low of 27,602.01 on sharp losses in RIL and ONGC after further drop in crude oil price.
Similarly, the 50-issue CNX Nifty of the NSE also plunged by 62.75 points, or 0.75 per cent, to end below 8,300-mark for the first time after one and half months at 8,292.90.
In line fall in local equities, the Indian rupee fell to nine-month low levels of 62.3 against the greenback.
Weak Asian trends on the back of overnight steep fall on Wall Street amid slow down in capital inflows weighed on the stock market sentiment here.
Besides Oil&Gas, realty, IT, power and banking counters also suffered heavy losses while only some of the defensive pharma stocks attracted some buying interest.
Besides RIL and ONGC, Infosys, ICICI Bank, HDFC, Tata Motors, Bharti Airtel, TCS, Tata Steel, Hero MotoCorp, Tata Power and Gail India suffered marked losses.
Brent crude oil fell to five-year low below USD 65 a barrel, putting pressure on oil companies.
The BSE 30-share barometer resumed lower on weak Asian cues and moved in negative terrain throughout the day before concluding at 27,602.01, a fall of 229.09 points or 0.82 per cent. This is its weakest close since 27,346.33 on October 30.
Yesterday, Sensex had snapped a three-day falling trend as it recovered by about 34.09 points or 0.12 per cent.
“Weak Asian markets and fresh fears from Euro region kept Indian markets volatile. Mixed sentiments on the back of weak rupee and lower oil too added to the volatility. FII liquidity outflow on the back of profit booking too added to weakness,” said Hiren Dhakan, Associate Fund Manager, Bonanza Portfolio.
Investors were also cautious ahead of the release of Consumer Price Index-based inflation and Index of Industrial Production scheduled on Friday.
A total 11 out of 12 BSE sectoral barometers ended in the red. Market breadth was weak as about 1,750 stocks fell, 1,139 rose and about 100 ended flat.
Bucking the overall weak trend, sugar stocks were in limelight after government fixed higher price for ethanol procurement by PSU oil firms.
Post Comments
More from indianmarkets

Snapdeal Acquires Gifting Recommendation Tech Firm WishpickerYou are here: Home Industries
Snapdeal Acquires Gifting Recommendation Tech Firm Wishpicker
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 11, 2014 17:12 (IST)
RBI Extends Deadline For Niche Banks' Licensing Spplications
New Delhi: E-commerce company Snapdeal on Thursday announced acquisition of technology platform Wishpicker that offers users gift options based on intelligent recommendations.
"We are investing in strengthening our technology platform and Wishpicker.com is an excellent platform with top-tier entrepreneurial, engineering talent and fits in perfectly with our vision," Snapdeal co-founder Rohit Bansal said in a statement.
The company, however, did not reveal financial details.
Mr Bansal said that as consumer buying trends are evolving, intelligent recommendations will be one of the key drivers for business volume for sellers.
This is the fifth acquisition by Snapdeal, the statement said.
Wishpicker was founded in 2013 by IIT Delhi graduates Apurv Bansal and Prateek Rathore.
Earlier this year Snapdeal had acquired Doozton.com, a social product discovery technology platform, focused on the fashion and lifestyle categories.
Story first published on: December 11, 2014 17:11 (IST)

Gold price declines on sluggish demand  globalcuesCommodities see longest losing streak in 23 years
Snapping a two-day rising streak, gold prices today fell by Rs 170 to Rs 27,300 per ten grams at the bullion market in the national capital owing to slackened demand from jewellers and retailers at prevailing higher levels amid a weak global trend.
Silver also eased by Rs 200 to Rs 38,200 per kg on reduced offtake by industrial units and coin makers.
Traders said besides easing demand from jewellers and retailers at existing levels, a weak global trend mainly led to the fall in gold and silver prices.
Globally, gold in Singapore, which normally sets price trend on the domestic front, shed 0.05 per cent to USD 1,225.50 an ounce.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity fell by Rs 170 each to Rs 27,300 and Rs 27,100 per ten gram respectively. It had gained Rs 820 in the past two days.
Sovereign, however, held steady at Rs 23,800 per piece of eight gram in limited deals.
Following gold, silver ready moved down by Rs 200 to Rs 38,200 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 85 at Rs 38,530 per kg.
On the other hand, silver coins traded at last level of Rs 63,000 for buying and Rs 64,000 for selling of 100 pieces.
Post Comments
More from commodities

Public Sector Bankers Paid  Very Poorly   Says SBI ChiefNew Delhi: Lamenting that bankers are paid very poorly in India, especially at public sector banks, SBI chief Arundhati Bhattacharya on Thursday said there is an urgent need to provide better remuneration to attract good talent.
Bankers are paid poorly in India as compared to their counterparts elsewhere in the world, she said.
"Let me start with income of banking professionals in India. Here, 70 per cent of the banks are in public sector and they are paid very very poorly compared to market," she said at Delhi Economic Conclave here.
The SBI chief said there is urgent need to improve quality of board members by providing them suitable remuneration so that the overall efficiency improves.
"We are very blessed in that. SBI has invariably had very good quality board. But that may not be true across (other banks') board. One of the reasons is very low remuneration that is given to the board directors," she said.
"If you are trying to attract best in the field, they have to be remunerated accordingly. We must insist on people who are coming into the board having sufficient hands on experience in both planning and execution in their respective areas," she said.
So, this is something that government can easily implemented and should be done, she added.
The comments come about a week after PSU bank employee unions went to a four-day relay strike to press for early revision of wages.
Talking about changing regulation in tune with the present system, Bhattacharya said India has over 60 Acts and multiple rules and regulations that govern the financial system at the moment.
"Many of the laws are from 1950s and 1960s. The banking regulations themselves they were established before ATMs, credit cards, internet banking, investment advisory, private banking, mutual funds,... whole lot of other things," she said.
"These acts have been amended from time to time to keep pace with changing reality but the legal foundations have remained more or less static and as the result the framework is very complex and inconsistent," she said.
"Occasionally, it is also open to regulatory arbitrage.
So, we need to look at these things also holistically and move the laws to be in tandem with the times," she added.
Story first published on: December 11, 2014 19:02 (IST)

Lending Club: peer position© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/5ac199b8-8148-11e4-b956-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

How to Make Team Goals That Workreddit
Think back to your early experiences as a manager - your "Management 101 class." You were probably given some training or direction on goal setting. It was likely a variation on the SMART acronym, and you would have been told that goals are good because having targets motivates people. All good and useful stuff. However, goals can also be unhelpful or even destructive. Here's why.
There is a story I heard once about goal setting. The story concerned an airline that was having problems with baggage handling. There were a number of customer complaints about the amount of time that elapsed between the moment the passengers arrived at the luggage carousel and the time the bags eventually arrived. It wasn't a good picture.
So the airline reviewed the baggage handling process and decided that setting performance targets for the baggage handlers would speed things up. They set a target - the time it took from when the cargo door opened until the first bag arrived on the carousel. What do you think happened? Apparently the first bag arrived very quickly. Then there was a long gap before the rest arrived! The behaviour the goal created was not what was expected.
Another example is something Sears experiences in the early 90's. When the company set specific sales targets of $147 per hour, the auto repair staff began overcharging customers and completing unnecessary repairs on a company-wide basis.
As you can see, setting goals and targets doesn't always reap benefits in the most productive ways, and when dealing with customers and clients, the ends don't always justify the means. So as you approach your annual planning meets and strategy sessions for a new year, keep the following tips in mind for more effective results:
Lesson 1: When you set a goal - think about the behaviour that goal will drive. Is it what you want?
Reflecting back to the aforementioned example of what Sears experienced, consider whether the goals you set for your team is driving behaviour that you want your company to be known for. Do the goals compel your team members to work harder...but at the cost of treating your customers with the utmost care and attention? Are your workers having to sacrifice company values in order to meet set standards?
Lesson 2: Set goals only for things that people can impact, influence or control.
There is a well-known study on inattentional blindness. A video is shown of 2 basketball teams playing and the observer is asked to count the number of passes between the team players wearing white shirts. Because the observers are focussing on the white shirts and not the black ones, almost everyone misses that a guy in a gorilla suit walks onto the court.
With narrow specific goals, people lose focus on the big picture. Another study showed that when asked to proofread a document, participants found more errors than when asked to spell check it. The group asked to spell check did exactly that - focused on only the spelling - and missed obvious grammatical mistakes.
Learning 3. Set goals that are focused on the bigger picture.
When working with teams on goal setting, I often see goals being set based on "what is easy to measure". There is a story about why it's so difficult to get a cab in New York City when it's raining. We assume it is because the cabs are busy - because it's raining and therefore everyone is taking a cab. Not so. The cabbies have daily earnings targets and once the quota is filled they knock off for the day. On rainy days more people catch cabs and the cabbies meet their targets quicker. By using something that is easy to measure, the cab drivers have lost sight of the big picture - they could actually earn a lot more on a rainy day if they kept working even though they have met their targets.
Learning 4. Set goals that are important to success.
Years ago in a program I was running (on goal setting), one of the team leaders in the program told the group that he had performance targets for the overall employee engagement result of the division he worked for. He was annoyed and demotivated because it was something he had very little control over. As he rightly pointed out, even if his team members were extremely engaged (because that's something he did have great influence over), he had no control over how other team leaders managed their teams, no control over the impact of more senior leaders, or over the whole of business engagement drivers. So holding him to account for a mere division score didn't really make sense to him.
As you set your company goals, ask yourself what are the success factors you genuinely are striving for. What does success look like for your company? Is one aspect of success more important than another? Or, are all the factors at play equally important? If so, then exercise caution when esteeming certain goals over another and be sure that no two goals conflict.
Goals can certainly be useful to companies but sometimes when following those goals, companies unintentionally miss the very target they were aiming for. Follow the tips above and you'll start setting goals that actually work and make for more effective team work.
Rosalind Cardinal is The Leadership Alchemist and Principal Consultant of Shaping Change, an Australian consultancy specialising in improving business outcomes by developing individuals, teams and organisations. You  can interact with Ros, learn more about leadership and management, and download a complimentary copy of her e-guide on leading change at her website .
Ros also convenes the Shaping Change Inner Circle, an exclusive membership network for driven leaders around the world who are passionate about making a difference, building successful businesses and leveraging the talents and skills of their people. If you want to learn new strategies and game-changing ideas to become a better leader as you lead your organisation to bigger and better things, then the Shaping Change Inner Circle is for you!
Follow Rosalind Cardinal on Twitter: www.twitter.com/CardinalRos
More:

Five Tips for Mastering Google s New Inboxreddit
With all of the buzz around Google's new Inbox, many marketers are running scared and intimidated by what this may mean for their 2015 email marketing strategies, viewing it as yet another obstacle to overcome. And Inbox is not the only one; other apps are already on the market, like Mailbox, aiming to disrupt the way users interact with their emails and inboxes as a whole. However, this new generation of email apps actually presents a novel opportunity for email marketers to create a competitive advantage and increase interaction with their target audiences. It pays to adapt to technology advancements -- the hidden opportunities that apps like Inbox present for email marketers will bust the fears and myths around being locked in the "Promo" tab.
By leveraging its new infrastructure, marketers can embrace Inbox and use it to their benefit in order to rise above the speculative worries while the rest flounder. Here are five tips for how to take advantage of Inbox's huge opportunity:
Hit the Highlights with Transactional Email
Tap into transactional emails, which notoriously show the largest rate of interaction with users to achieve an early advantage with Inbox. Transactional emails contain valuable information like tracking numbers, order confirmations, etc. and are guaranteed to make it into the golden "Highlights" tab. Incorporating marketing messages within these emails is a sure fire way to drive engagement -- enabling you to ensure your brand and content is being seen where it matters. To illustrate how important it is to leverage these kinds of emails, a report by Experian revealed that transactional emails were opened nearly 100 percent of the time by recipients and resulted in higher engagement than other promotional emails. This still holds true today as shown by a report by Silverpop , which found that transactional messages were opened more frequently and scored much higher median click-through rates (CTR) and click-to-open rates (CTOR) when compared to the median CTRs and CTORs for all other messages.
Get Your Google Game In Order
Inbox has a unique feature that pulls information from a sender's Google Plus profile and will actually include the profile picture or logo next to the subject line of your email. Make sure your Google Plus profile is up to par and your company's logo is uploaded properly. While it may not be a top priority now, it should be -- your logo could be the deciding factor for whether or not your emails are read or snoozed. This can be especially important in maintaining your current user relationships. As users transition to a new email platform, it is imperative that you do not get lost amongst competitors as new Inbox categories are assessed and built out.
To Open or Not To Open... It Doesn't Matter
Because Inbox provides small snippets of your email as opposed to the actual full message upfront, your open rates will likely decrease -- but don't fret. If you're taking the proper steps to provide the right imagery, headers and calls to action, you'll be sure to achieve increased click-through rates, despite an initial drop in opens. As early adopters continue to test the new app, take advantage and run your own tests for optimized email content. You can do this through basic A/B split testing. Gain insights by running experiments that grant you a feel for how your audience will respond to your subject lines, content, frequency and other campaign elements. It can be one of the best ways to assure that your campaign is streamlined and Inbox ready.
Optimize for a Mobile Platform
Mobile is the ever-growing platform that is taking marketing and commerce by storm. Inbox and other similar apps are a testament to an era where nearly all consumers have a smartphone and reflect new consumer expectations. In turn, it is up to marketers to take up this new call to action to ensure that their testing, strategy and content are not lost in translation from desktop to mobile.
Inbox's mobile-first platform demonstrates the need for marketers to create email marketing that uses imagery and click-through size and buttons that cater to mobile users' needs. If you do not take this step, your content may not make it to your users' favorite bundles or, even worse, you may send emails that cannot be successfully opened and read on mobile devices. Remember, no one wants emails that are hard to digest -- with Inbox, users will easily recognize emails that are not meant for mobile consumption.
I'm a Promotion, Say It Loud and Say It Proud
Many marketers are likely to worry that their emails will now get sorted into the 'Promotional' tab to be lost forever, but don't confuse 'Spam' with 'Promotional.' The promotion tab is not always a bad thing, and the label does not equate to "never being read." Understand that users are aware that they can get marketing email every day, weekly, monthly, etc. The promotion tab was created to funnel all marketing material so that users can organize their product news and offers in one place. Actually, the only mistake marketers can make in regards to the promotion tab is to try to subvert it in order to make it onto another tab. For example, if users see something about new jeans in their list for 'Travel,' they'll surely be annoyed and this will grant you a one-way ticket to the spam tab - the last place you wanted to be. Embrace the promotion tab and deliver the daily deals users are expecting, not the spam they aim to avoid.
Google Inbox is the perfect example of technology that will change the way that marketers strategize. Contrary to popular belief, Inbox won't be a detriment to campaigns with its partitioned email, but rather a benefit. With 2015 just around the corner, marketers should be ready to adapt to new technologies like Inbox and not falter in their resolutions. Plan early, leverage data, and keep attuned to industry changes to guarantee the success of marketing campaigns for this upcoming year.
Follow Seamas Egan on Twitter: www.twitter.com/SeamasEgan
Follow Seamas Egan on Twitter: www.twitter.com/SeamasEgan
More:

Obamacare rate hikes in Cook County held in check by competition7
Nationally, 2014's cheapest silver plans are increasing by an average 10 percent next year, compared with an average increase of 4 percent if policyholders switch. The 40-year-old nonsmoker who renews would pay an average $286 per month, compared with an average of $272 per month after switching.
Cook County's cheapest silver plan for 2014, sold by Blue Cross, will increase to $215 per month for a 40-year-old nonsmoker, up 2.4 percent from $210. The 40-year-old could reduce the premium to $212, an increase of 1 percent, by switching to next year's cheapest silver plan, from Land of Lincoln Health.
In Champaign County, Blue Cross also sold 2014's cheapest silver plan, the cost of which is increasing by 9.1 percent next year. By switching to next year's cheapest silver plan, offered by Health Alliance, policyholders could reduce what they pay this year by 2.5 percent. The 40-year-old nonsmoker who renews would pay $290 per month, versus $259 after switching.
While competition is generally a good thing, health insurance is complicated, and consumers should look beyond the premium, said Nancy Daas, a partner at Chicago-based health consultant CMC Advisory Group.
"This is buyer-beware," Daas said. "It's an exchange. It's the marketplace. What that means is it's incumbent on each individual to be fully aware and to understand what they're buying."
The Health Alliance plan offered in Champaign, while cheaper, is a health maintenance organization-style plan that imposes more limits than do other styles of plans. For example, the plan doesn't cover any out-of-network costs except in emergencies, said Ericka Williams, Health Alliance's consumer product sales manager.
Limiting the number of doctors and hospitals in a plan is a common way to control costs while keeping a plan's premiums low, Daas said. Other variables are deductibles, out-of-pocket maximums, prescription coverage, emergency-room payments and other costs.
Federal law sets cost standards for each plan level. Bronze plans are designed to cover about 60 percent of costs, while silver plans are designed to cover 70 percent of costs; gold plans cover 80 percent; and platinum plans cover 90 percent.
Tax credits that reduce monthly premiums are available for anyone making up to 400 percent of the federal poverty level, which is about $46,680 for an individual and $95,400 for a family of four in 2015. In Illinois, 77 percent of people who bought exchange plans for 2014 received tax credits.
In addition to the tax credits, subsidies that reduce other costs in a plan — such as deductibles and out-of-pocket maximums — are available for people who enroll in silver plans. The income limit for those subsidies is 250 percent of the federal poverty level.
How prices change in coming years will provide a test of how well the federal marketplace, a central component of the federal health law, controls costs for consumers, said Anthony LoSasso, a professor of health policy and administration at the School of Public Health at the University of Illinois at Chicago.
"The good outcome would be that overall premium increases grow at a modest rate," he said. "And so that's the ultimate kind of outcome that you're looking for. That regardless of the distribution of enrollees in insurers, if the mechanism of the exchange and having this marketplace environment can keep a lid on premiums, then you're good."
This story was produced in partnership with Kaiser Health News, an editorially independent program of the Kaiser Family Foundation.
Tribune reporter Alex Richards contributed.

How to respond to new patterns of world tradeHow to respond to new patterns of world trade
Deals encouraging FDI are now more important than trade treaties
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/48299f58-7176-11e4-b178-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Can t score double-centuries all the timeTweet
0
Cheteshwar Pujara.Between the end of the South Africa tour last year and this Adelaide Test, Cheteshwar Pujara had scored just one Test half-century in 14 innings. At a crucial time, at the start of the tour, he got off to a good start, but failed to live to his exceptional conversion rate, falling for 73. However, he is not letting it affect him too much.
"At times I feel disappointed that I couldn't capitalise and score a big one," Pujara said. "But it's a game of cricket. You can't score double-centuries all the time. Obviously I want to score as many runs as possible, but you also have to respect the opposition. When I get out I try and analyse what went wrong, and try to come back strongly."
Not only Pujara, but M Vijay and Ajinkya Rahane also failed to convert starts into hundreds, but their captain Virat Kohli didn't miss out. It was a gutsy innings. The first ball he faced hit him flush in the helmet, but Kohli waved away all the concern and help from his opposition and team-mates, and went on to score his seventh hundred. Pujara was at the non-striker's end when Kohli was hit.
"The first reaction, everyone went to Virat and asked him whether he was all right or not," Pujara said of the incident. "Even when I went in, I asked if everything was fine. First he checked the helmet to see if there was any damage. There wasn't. The helmet was fine. Even he was fine. Later on we discussed how the ball came, what could be done to such a ball and how he got hit. Overall, he batted really well, forgetting about that particular ball. It was fun to watch his innings."
Pujara said that their batting line-up is good, and they can pose Australia a threat. "What we discussed yesterday was to fight back," Pujara said. "The score that they made, we discussed that we can definitely achieve this with the kind of batting line-up we have. That was the target, to score as many runs as them. We have a very good batting line-up, and it was about proving to ourselves that we can achieve this. We're in a good position to do so.
"Most of our batsmen have scored runs. We got a good start. We always had partnerships. That is a big positive for us. Overall, all the batsmen spent time at the crease and were looking very good. If you have a good start you can take many positives out of it. It's about self-belief and the kind of self-belief we have now, after scoring these runs, we can take it into the next innings and next match."
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

Telecom Stocks Gain on Additional Spectrum ReportYou are here: Home Market
Telecom Stocks Gain on Additional Spectrum Report
Reuters | Updated On: December 12, 2014 10:30 (IST)
Sensex Rises More Than 300 Points; Bank Nifty Hits Record
Shares in telecom service providers gained on Friday after a newspaper report said that government may include one slot for 3G services in spectrum auction.
Bharti Airtel gained 1.2 per cent, Idea Cellular was up 1.5 per cent, while Reliance Communications gained 1.1 per cent.
Incremental spectrum will ease pressure on incumbents witnessing licence renewals, say analysts.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Oil falls further as IEA cuts 2015 forecastOil price fall sparks market turmoil
Anjli Raval in London and Michael Mackenzie and Gregory Meyer in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/edcd0254-81db-11e4-a9bb-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Google locking Spanish publishers out of Google News serviceDec 12, 2014 at 02:21pm IST
Google locking Spanish publishers out of Google News service
19
0
Madrid: Google is locking Spanish publishers out of its popular Google News service in response to a new Spanish law that imposes fees for linking to the headlines and news stories on other websites.
The move announced Thursday will reverberate around the globe. Besides closing Google News in Spain, Google also is blocking reports from Spanish publishers in the more than other 70 other international editions packaged by Google News.
Google News' exile of Spanish publishers begins December 16, a couple weeks before the start of a Spanish intellectual-property law requiring news publishers to be paid for their content, even if they are willing to give it away.
Google's action is in response to a new Spanish law that imposes fees for linking to the headlines and news stories on other websites.
#google news #google #spain
That means people in Latin America, where Spanish news organisations have sought to boost their digital audiences, won't see news from Spain via Google News. Also set to disappear are reports in English from Spanish publishers like Madrid's leading El Pais newspaper.
People who use Google's standard search in Spain and anywhere else around the world will still be able to find articles on their own from Spanish publications, because the law applies only to aggregators and not to individuals who do their own searches outside of Google News.
But the lost access to Google News will likely make it more difficult for people to keep abreast on what it is happening in Spain because they will have to know what to look for instead of having the top stories sorted for them.
Spanish publishers also may lose a valuable source of traffic to their websites. Google says its main search engine and other services generate more than 10 billion monthly clicks that send Web surfers to other news sites throughout the world. Google News accounts for about 10 per cent, or 1 billion clicks, of that worldwide volume.
"It is hard to see what value this has achieved for the press in Spain or for Spanish (and Spanish speaking) Internet users," Jeremy Malcolm, an analyst for digital rights group Electronic Frontier Foundation, wrote in a blog post.
This marks the first shutdown of Google News since the service debuted as an experimental project in 2002.
Richard Gingras, head of Google News, said the decision was made "with real sadness" because Google News is "a service that hundreds of millions of users love and trust, including many here in Spain."
Spain's AEDE association, which represents large news publishers, had lobbied for the law nicknamed the "Google Tax" to "effectively protect the rights of citizens and businesses."
The group said it couldn't assess the impact of the lost access to Google News until after the shutdown occurs. A spokesman for El Pais said the newspaper did not plan to comment on Google's action. Publishers of three other large Spanish newspaper groups also declined to comment or didn't respond to inquiries.
Spain's new law is designed to create a new source of revenue for the country's publishers, who, like most of their peers around the world, have been hard hit as more readers and advertisers have abandoned printed editions for digital alternatives during the past decade. The shift has hurt news publishers because digital ads aren't nearly as lucrative as print ads.
But the linking fees could now backfire if the lost access to Google News diminishes the traffic to Spanish news publishers, making it even more difficult for them to sell digital ads.
Alejandro Tourino, a Madrid-based lawyer who specialises in media issues and has worked for The Associated Press on several legal cases, said Spanish news publishers may "have shot themselves out of the market. Time will tell."
Spanish publishers conceivably could make up for some of the traffic likely to be lost from Google News through other outlets, such as Yahoo News, another widely used aggregator. Yahoo declined to comment Thursday on its plans for Yahoo News in Spain next year when the new linking fees begin.
The new law doesn't specify how much publishers will have to be paid by Google or other aggregators. But it mandates the payments even if publishers are willing to waive them in return for the traffic they get from Google News.
"As Google News itself makes no money (we do not show any advertising on the site) this new approach is simply not sustainable," Gingras wrote in a blog.
Even though Google News doesn't display ads, it still helps Google make more money by deepening people's loyalty to its products. The ads that Google distributes through its other services and other websites, including those run by news publishers, account for most of the company's projected revenue of $66 billion this year.
Google News has long irked newspaper publishers and other content providers, who contend the service tramples on copyrights by creating a digital kiosk of headlines and story snippets gathered from other websites.
Google maintains it obeys all copyright laws while sending more people to websites highlighted in its News services. The company also allows publishers to prevent material from being displayed in Google News, an option few websites choose because the service is such an important source of traffic.
After Germany revised its copyright laws last year to allow - but not force - Google News to make royalty payments, Google required publishers there to give their consent for summarizing content. Most did.
1

Veg oil imports up 26% in November: SEAVeg oil imports up 26% in November: SEA
BS Reporter | Mumbai Dec 12, 2014 05:57 PM IST
Vegetable oil imports jumped 26% in November on dumping from Malaysia and Indonesia due to zero duty on palm products in the last five years and reduced demand for crude palm oil for bio diesel, pushed the export of palm products to India to reduce burgeoning stock held by the exporting countries,according to Solvent Extractors' Association of India.
The disparity in crushing currently stands at $40 to $50 a tonne, which is not viable for a crusher. Also, the margins have decreased and it has been negligible for the past two years, which has had a negative impact.
In November, vegetable oil imports stood at 1.2 million tonnes compared to 944,309 tonnes last year.
High prices of soybean and lower realisation for soy oil and soymeal in export markets resulted in lower crushing and availability of domestic oil as well as the anticipation of the government increasing import duty, imports of vegetable oils increased.
Crude soybean oil imports in November increased to 121,097 tonnes compared to 14,980 tonnes last year, a whooping rise of 708%. RBD oil imports last month stood at 14,980 tonnes compared to 208,076 tonnes last year, a fall of 92%.
Last oil year, edible oil imports stood at 11.8 million tonnes, which was record imports and this year it is expected to go up to 12.3 million tonnes, which will also be at an all-time high. Domestic consumption of edible oil is rising 2-3% every year.
The sector has asked the government raise the import duty on crude palm oil to make the refining and fats business viable. Owing to a 5% difference between crude and refined oil, the edible oil business has suffered immensely. Since the edible oil crushing and refining business offers disparity, large players are focusing on value-added segment, where business potential is quite high.
Solvent Extractors' Association of India has asked the government to raise import duty on crude vegetable oil to five% from 2.5% currently and refined oil to 15% from 7.5%.

Bad call pain of US rate rise timingBad call pain of US rate rise timing set to persist
Michael Mackenzie in New York
Inflation, falling oil and stronger dollar will figure in Fed’s decision
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5b147760-807f-11e4-872b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Cheaper Gas  Food Lower US Producer PricesThe Ohio State Buckeyes' upset victory over the University of Alabama's Crimson Tide Thursday was among the surprising...
Brian Blanco/Getty Images

NATO says Russia refuses to discuss military activityNATO says Russia refuses to discuss military activity
Rupee ends at 62.29/$Rupee ends at 62.29/$
BJP pulls out its top guns for final phase polls in JammuBJP pulls out its top guns for final phase polls in Jammu
Dudley navigates BP through latest stormDecember 12, 2014 1:52 pm
Bob Dudley sets course to navigate BP through latest storm
Chris Adams, Energy Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c34b81c8-8171-11e4-b956-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

SpiceJet promoters committed to the airline  says Sanjiv KapoorSpiceJet promoters committed to the airline, says Sanjiv Kapoor
BS Reporter | New Delhi Dec 12, 2014 07:39 PM IST
Amid concerns over its deteriorating financial condition, SpiceJet today said that its promoters are committed to the airline. SpiceJet Chief Operating Officer Sanjiv Kapoor said, “The promoters are committed to the airline. They are very much interested in it.”
He declined to specify details whether the promoters have committed or are considering any amount for investment in the airline.
Kapoor said that the airline’s dues are significantly lower than outstanding payments of Rs 1,600 crore that has been confirmed by official sources. “Our dues are a fraction of that”, he said.
Kapoor’s comments came at a time when the airline is scheduled to submit a “concrete plan” for clearing outstanding payments to India’s aviation regulator the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) by December 15.
DGCA has also asked the cash-strapped carrier, which has truncated its fleet to 37 aircraft over the last few months, to submit a “realistic schedule” by Monday. The airline is now operating 232 flights as compared to 345 flights operated in July 2014.
The extension to the moratorium of payments granted to SpiceJet by Airports Authority of India (AAI) is also set to expire on Monday. The airline is learnt to have dues of about Rs 200 crore pending with AAI.
The DGCA withdrew 186 flight slots of SpiceJet and barred the airline from booking flights beyond a month on last Friday.
The aviation regulator also asked the airline to refund passengers whose flights have been cancelled by December 15. The airline has already refunded 55,000 passengers according to figures with the regulator.
SpiceJet has also for the first time delayed salaries to employees in December. The DGCA has instructed it to pay salaries by the 7th of every month.

Sahyadri Industries launches do-it-yourself green toilet blocksSahyadri Industries launches do-it-yourself green toilet blocks
BS Reporter | Pune Dec 12, 2014 08:56 PM IST
BSE listed Pune-based building materials maker Sahyadri Industries has introduced toilet blocks under the brand name Cemply DIY (Do It Yourself) toilet blocks.
The company is focusing rural markets to promote the blocks. It has a target of selling 40,000 blocks in the next one year. The make-shift toilets have a shelf life of 25 years and can be set up anywhere in rural or urban areas.  The block are being manufactured at its SIL's Chinchwad plant. The company has made additional investment of Rs 25 crore this venture. Typically, a block costs in the range of Rs 9000 to Rs 30,000 per unit.
"After manufacturing for several years, we have now moved into solutions business. The dry construction techniques are used for making the blocks. It can be installed in any terrain of little resources like tribal, hilly areas, tourist spots, forts, residential and school premises. It addresses immediate sanitation requirements of the country. It is also easier to maintain hygiene, health and convenience in an affordable way with these blocks,  said Satyen Patel, managing director of Sahyadri Industries.           
Sahyadri  Industries is a manufacturer of fibre cement corrugated and flat sheets and non-asbestos flat sheets which contributes 85 per cent of its total product portfolio. It has plants in Maharashtra, Andhra Pradesh, Tamil Nadu and Gujarat.  Its other products include Entasafe-main doors, Cemply-flat sheets, Ecopro-fibre cement boards, Swastik-roofing sheets and Swastik- backyard poultry cabins.
Patel added, “As a part of our exports initiatives, we have drawn up plans to nearby double the export sales during the next financial year. We are targeting to double our exports and also our overall turnover this fiscal. Last year our exports were about Rs. 100 crore."  Currently, it exports the sheets to Middle East and African markets.
Having a turnover of Rs. 372 crore (2013-14), the company will manufacture these blocks at its six units located across the country. The company had posted net loss of Rs 6 crore last fiscal.
The company's shares down 3 per cent and hit upper circuit at Rs. 81.70 on Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) on Friday. The stock had hit a 52-week high of Rs. 94.40 earlier this month, while it had touched a 52-week low of Rs. 28.40 in February this year.

J&K elections: Omar faces an  impossible  battle  NC stares at big defeat in SrinagarPriyarag Verma , IBNLive.com | Dec 13, 2014 at  05:17pm IST
Srinagar: Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah is facing perhaps the toughest electoral battle of his life. Having won from Ganderbal in 2008 Assembly elections, Omar had taken over the reigns of the militancy-hit state with a lot of hope.
Six years later, those hopes lie in tatters as his six-year tenure was marked with several instances of poor administration, massive corruption, lack of development and an overall inertia in the government. The 2010 stone pelting incidents in which over 120 people, a majority of them being teenaged boys, were killed and the devastating floods in Kashmir Valley in 2014 are the two biggest blots on his regime.
Omar's National Conference ended the alliance with Congress just a few weeks before the Assembly elections after the disastrous Lok Sabha elections which saw the Mufti Mohammad Sayeed-led Peoples Democratic Party winning Anantnag, Baramulla and Srinagar while the Bharatiya Janata Party won Jammu, Udhampur and Ladakh.
With the NC-Congress combine failing to even open their accounts in the state, the writing on the wall was very clear.
With the NC-Congress combine failing to even open their accounts in the state, the writing on the wall was very clear. Omar's lacklustre leadership, arrogance of his ministers and party leaders coupled with poor governance had alienated a large section of the state including many who had backed him in 2008.
Sensing the massive anger against his rule, Omar left Ganderbal and decided to try his luck from two different seats - Beerwah and Sonawar. While Beerwah has already voted in the third phase on December 9, polling in Sonawar, one of the eight Assembly segments in Srinagar, will take place on December 14.
But his path is strewn with thorns and he is fighting with his back to the wall in Sonawar. His father Farooq Abdullah had barely managed to scrape through by 94 votes in Sonawar in 2008 although the National Conference has managed to represent the seat ever since it was carved out in 1995.
Like several other regions of Kashmir Valley, Srinagar also suffered massively during the recent floods. In fact the summer capital of Jammu and Kashmir was the worst affected.
The shoddy relief and rescue work carried out by the state administration has left the people extremely angry and bitter. With the government giving a measly compensation in which the maximum amount is of Rs 75,000 for people whose houses were completely destroyed to Rs 3,800 to those who suffered loss of goods acting as salt on a festering wound, Omar has his task cut out.
"No one helped us during and after the floods. Officials demand bribe to release the compensation amount. We cannot get any work done in this government without paying bribe. It is almost impossible to find an honest official," said 85-year-old National Conference worker Haji Ghulam Qadir Lone.
Lone, who lives in Badami Bagh cantonment area of Srinagar, claimed that he has been with the party since the age of 25 but now had lost all hope. "Impossible, it is impossible," is all he said when asked if Omar had any chance of winning the seat.
He added that he refused to accept the compensation for flood damage as there was no point in taking just Rs 3,800 when he had lost goods and household article worth several lakhs.
At a Sonawar market retired professor Mohammad Sidiq Mallik blamed corruption in the government for lack of development and jobs for youngsters. "I have four daughters. All of them are post graduates with B Ed degrees, yet they have not been selected by the state government for the post of school teacher as they did not bribe the officers. My son is an engineer and he has moved out ofKashmir. He does not want to return as there is no job for him here," he said bitterly. Adding that people are extremely disillusioned by the current state of affairs, he said there will be a change of government.
Omar is also facing allegations of eyeing Bharatiya Janata Party's support in forming a government in case of a hung Assembly as the latter has put up Darkshan Andrabi, who is not a political heavyweight, against him.
The scene is no different in the other seven seats of Srinagar with the ruling National Conference almost boxed into a corner and a resurgent Peoples Democratic Party going all out.
Just as PDPD chief Mufti Mohammad Sayeed contesting from Anantnag is proving to be a positive influence for his party in the neighbouring seats, Omar's unpopularity his dragging down his party in Srinagar. National Conference General Secretary Ali Mohammad Sagar is facing a tough battle in down-town Khanyar against PDP's Khurshid Alam with Mohammad Yaqub Vakil of the Congress the third corner.
Although separatist leader of All Parties Hurriyat Conference (Hardline) Syed Ali Shah Geelani has given a call to boycott elections but the appeal has failed to influence the voters much in the first three phases with the exception of Sopore where about 30 per cent of the voters pressed the EVM buttons. With people demanding "badlav" (change) and coming out in large numbers to vote, National Conference and its candidates face a tough time.
But boycott calls in Srinagar have worked in the past and in 2008 just about 20 per cent of the voters came out while about 27 per cent voted in the 2014 Lok Sabha elections. The BJP is eyeing a win in Amira Kadal which has a large migrant Kashmiri Pandit votes and is banking on the boycott call. In a bid to woo the Kashmiri Pandits, the BJP has given the ticket to Motilal Kaul from the neighbouring Habba Kadal.
At Amira Kadal the BJP candidate is Dr Hina Bhat. She is the daughter of National Conference leader Mohammad Shafi Bhat who represented Srinagar in the Lok Sabha and won from Amira Kadal Assembly seat twice. Hina Bhat had raised eyebrows within the BJP by stating that she is ready to pick up a gun if Article 370 is diluted or removed.
She faces National Conference Kashmir Valley chief Nasir Aslam Wani and PDP's Syed Mohammad Altaf Bukhari. Wani is not only facing tough questions related to floods but also about the 2010 stone pelting incidents in which over 120 boys many of them below the age of 10 were killed by security forces. Several hundred boys and men were also booked which has led to a lot of resentment across the Valley.
Hazratbal, Zadibal, Eidgah and Batamaloo are also yearning for change. Even thoughSrinagar has been a National Conference stronghold, in the recent Lok Sabha elections PDP MP Tariq Hameed Karra won Srinagar comfortably. Karra's win is the first time that the PDP emerged victorious in Srinagar in the Lok Sabha elections.
Of the eight seats of Srinagar, the PDP led in Eidgah, Zadibal, Hazratbal, Batamaloo and even Sonawar Assembly seats during the Lok Sabha elections. The National Conference was ahead in only Khanyar, Habba Kadal and Amira Kadal.
Voting will also take place in Hazratbal, Zadibal, Idgah, Khanyar, Habba Kadal, Amira Kadal, Sonawar, Batamaloo, Anantnag, Dooru, Kokernag, Shangus, Bijbehara, Pahalgam, Wachi, Shopian, Samba and Vijaypur in the fourth phase.
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

Oil Tumbles Towards $62 on Supply GlutSensex Rises More Than 300 Points; Bank Nifty Hits Record
Exits from Lanco Infratech, Yes Bank
JPMorgan India Smaller Companies Fund (G) took fresh exposure to three stocks in January 2010. The scheme had purchased 3.53 lakh units (2.26%) of IndusInd Bank, 1.82 lakh units (2.07%) of Zee Entertainment Enterprises and 1.02 lakh units (1.99%) of Cummins India in January 2010.
The scheme has exited from three stocks in January 2010. It exited completely from Lanco Infratech by selling 1.04 lakh units (2.45%), Yes Bank by selling 1.91 lakh units (2.08%) and Sesa Goa by selling 1.19 lakh units (2%) in January 2010.
Sector-wise, the scheme took fresh exposures in Entertainment / Electronic Media Software at 2.07% and Engines at 1.99% in January 2010.
Sector-wise, the scheme exited completely from Engineering at 2.45% and Mining / Minerals / Metals at 2 % in January 2010.
The scheme had highest exposure to Shriram Transport Finance Company with 1.56 lakh units (3.31% of portfolio size) followed by Torrent Power with 2.41 lakh units (3.03%), Crompton Greaves with 1.56 lakh units (2.93%) and Aurobindo Pharma with 75165 units (2.75%) among others in January 2010.
It reduced its exposure from Lupin by selling 13996 units to 32869 units (by 0.82%), Torrent Power by selling 1 units to 2.41 units (0.13%), Shiv-Vani Oil & Gas Exploration Services by selling 18263 units to 1.34 lakh units (0.06%) and Aurobindo Pharma by selling 174 units to 75165 units (0.05%) among others in January 2010.
Sector-wise, the scheme had highest exposure to Pharmaceuticals – Indian – Bulk Drugs & Formulation at 4.88% (from 4.84% in December 2009), followed by Finance & Investments at 3.31% (3.18%), Power Generation & Supply at 3.03% (3.16%) and Electric Equipment at 2.93% (2.71%) among others in January 2010.
Sector-wise, the scheme had reduced exposure from Pharmaceuticals – Indian – Bulk Drugs to 2.02% (by 0.82%), Power Generation & Supply to 3.03% (by 0.13%), Oil Drilling / Allied Services to 2.08% (by 0.06%) and Computers – Software - Large to 2.6% (by 0.01%) among others in January 2010.
Story first published on: February 20, 2010 08:00 (IST)

Vasundhara Rajes govt completes one year  Congress dismisses claims of goodgovernanceBy: Express News Service | Jaipur |
Posted: December 12, 2014 9:05 pm | Updated: December 12, 2014 9:48 pm
As the state government prepares for grand celebrations of completing one year in power on Saturday, the Opposition Congress dismissed the Vasundhara Raje government’s claims of good governance and announced massive demonstrations across the state on the occasion.
Apart from a mega cultural fiesta in the evening, Raje will host a massive rally of two lakh party workers earlier in the day. The state government will also form 13 committees on different issues for concerted initiatives in various fields. Preparations for the large gathering on Janpath were underway throughout the week.
Taking strong objection to the celebrations, Rajasthan Congress Committee chief Sachin Pilot said, “Instead of squandering such a huge amount of taxpayer’s money, the state government should use it for the people. If the Raje government really wants to celebrate, why doesn’t it announce no new taxes and increase in water and power tariff for the next four years? That will be a bigger celebration and a better gift to the people.”
On Friday Pilot raised questions on the Raje government’s performance over the last year. “Crime has increased up to 26 percent since last year and instances of rapes, child molestation, dacoity, loot have risen exponentially. The farming community has been deprived when it comes to distribution of urea and proper power supply. The state government had promised 15 lakh jobs of which not one has been given but several temporary workers such as Vidyarthi Mitras have been laid off instead. Is this what we are celebrating for?”
The BJP dismissed the allegations and maintained that it would release a comprehensive list of achievements of the state government since it took over last year. “The state government has implemented key schemes such as the Bhamashah Yojana, has gone door to door to hear public grievances through the Sarkar Aapke Dwar programme and has drawn in major investment in the state. The BJP will go all out to observe the momentous occasion and 2 lakh party workers will attend the rally on Janpath on Saturday,” said Ashok Parnami, state BJP president.

BJP plans to change J&Ks demography:OmarBy: Press Trust of India | Srinagar |
Posted: December 12, 2014 9:51 pm
Chief Minister Omar Abdullah on Friday said BJP’s ‘Mission 44-plus’ is nothing but a “hidden agenda” to “weaken” the socio-political status of Jammu and Kashmir and the saffron party “has a plan” to “change” the demography of the state.
“BJP’s ‘Mission 44-plus’ is nothing than a hidden agenda of weakening the socio-political status of Jammu and Kashmir. The party has a plan to change the demography of the state,” Omar said while addressing election rallies here.
The Chief Minister alleged under the “garb” of this mission, BJP is actually aiming to “weaken or remove” the state subject law which provides a special status to the citizens of Jammu and Kashmir.
“It is not that BJP is eyeing 44-plus seats of the Legislative Assembly, but their actual mission is to erode the special status enjoyed by the state and they want to begin with the state subject law. By the virtue of which they will try to erode the identity, the multi-pluralistic culture and the ‘Kashmiriyat’ of the state,” he said.
The National Conference (NC) working president said removing the state subject law would enable people from other states of India to purchase land and property in Jammu and Kashmir, which would “eventually end up changing the demography of the state and turning the majority population into minority”.
He said the mission was the “extended version” of BJP’s ideology which is entirely based on “Ek vidhan, ek pradhan aur ek nishan” (one country, one constitution and one national emblem) and their aim was only to weaken the special status of Jammu and Kashmir.
“People of Jammu and Kashmir are well versed with the divisive, sectarian and regional bias nurtured by BJP since its inception. NC is the only party that guarantees to protect the special status, state’s own flag and own constitution and people should vote for NC candidates in huge numbers to protect their identity,” he said.
Omar said no power on earth could revoke Article 370 which was the foundation and basis of the relationship between the state and rest of the country.
“The revocation of Article 370 will weaken the integrity of the country and pose a serious threat to the peace in the state. But BJP is adamant on revoking this article and PDP is ready to help them realise this dream.
“In line with these facts, it was (PDP patron) Mufti Mohammad Sayeed who brought the Women’s Rights Bill and Transfer of Property Bill in the Legislative Assembly that were the first overt steps to weaken the constitution of the state. Even then, NC opposed these moves tooth and nail,” Omar said.

Railways to bring multi-modal transportationsystemBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 12, 2014 9:34 pm
Aiming at improving transportation, Railway Minister Suresh Prabhu on Friday said a multi-modal transportation system is in the offing to provide last mile connectivity.
“Muti-modal transportation system is what we need on Friday. I am talking with all Chief Ministers for bringing a multi-modal transportation system. We will go to cabinet with the proposal,” Prabhu said at the Agenda Aaj Tak event.
He said an intregrated approach is required for multi-modal system involving all modes of transportation.
“It will involve multi-agencies like Metro and other modes of transportation,” he said.
Highlighting the need for such system, he said, “After deboarding the trains at station, one needs to go further to reach his place. Unless we have an integrated approach it will not serve the purpose.”
He suggested that special corporation can be formed for each state and each cities for this purpose. “The system will also improve suburban rail service.”
On privatisation, he said, “It is not the solution of all ills. We should not think like that because what matters is the outcome.”
On food quality, he said efforts are on to improve the quality of catering service. “There will be 60/70 base kitchens to prepare international standard food for passengers. There will be also an option to have food from nearby restaurants.”
Asked whether any out-of-the-box idea will be implemented by him in railways, he said, “A White Paper is coming out on Railways which will show its real condition including financial health. It will have details of all challenges the national transporter is currently facing.”
On high speed train, he said feasibility study is being carried out for Mumbai-Ahmedabad route and Delhi-Chennai corridor.
“High speed train needs dedicated track. Technology can be brought from China, Japan, France or any other country,” he said.
He, however, said efforts are on to introduce semi-high speed train by upgrading signalling system on existing track.
Clearing the air about his reported differences with Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray, Prabhu said, “There is no issue with Uddhav Thackeray. I have no quarrel with Uddhav. He is a good friend. He wanted to me to contest the elections.”

Connecticut judge lifts his gag order against newspaperBy Eugene Volokh December 12, 2014 Follow @volokhc
As I blogged two weeks ago (quoting Thomas B. Scheffey (Connecticut Law Tribune / Journal Inquirer) ), a Connecticut judge “enjoined the Connecticut Law Tribune from publishing an article based on a court document that had previously been published on the Judicial Department website.” This, I argued, was likely unconstitutional, citing the precedents and the petition in this case :
Seems very likely to be a First Amendment violation. Even if the information shouldn’t have been published in the first place, once it’s released to the public even after-the-fact civil liability can’t be imposed, see, e.g., Florida Star v. B.J.F. (1989); an injunction is even less likely to be constitutionally permissible, see, e.g., the Pentagon Papers case (1971).
The case seems to be Foy v. Katz, in which father Eric Foy claims that his three children were unjustifiably placed in foster care; I know nothing more about the rights or wrongs of that particular claim. Thanks to John Griffin and Roger Schlafly for the pointer.
The ABA Journal reports that the judge has now lifted the order, after the Connecticut Supreme Court had agreed to hear arguments on whether the order should be lifted:
A Connecticut judge has lifted his own order barring the Connecticut Law Tribune from publishing a story about a child custody case after a hearing in which he noted that other publications had already posted a sealed document…. During the hearing, [the judge] had expressed frustration that a sealed document that was the focus of the Law Tribune article was on other websites, including a website associated with the Washington Post.
Frazzini appeared to be referencing this post by the Volokh Conspiracy, which linked to a habeas petition by a father who contested the custody of his children by the Department of Children and Families.
The document was public when it was filed, but it was later sealed and the case transferred to juvenile court, where judges have discretion under a state law to bar the news media from disclosing information that would identify a child….
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

Saradha scam: Biman Bose asks Mamata Banerjee to be ready for CBIgrillingMalda |
Posted: December 12, 2014 10:13 pm
Left Front Chairman Biman Bose on Friday asked West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee to keep herself prepared for CBI interrogation in the wake of her cabinet colleague Madan Mitra’s arrest by CBI in the Saradha chit fund scam.
“Mamata Banerjee should now make herself prepared for CBI interrogation,” Bose told reporters at Malda Town station.
Bose, who demanded Mitra be sacked from the state cabinet with immediate effect, mocked at Banerjee’s complaint of “political vendetta” behind the arrest, which the Trinamool Congress supremo had also termed as unconstitutional.
“The questions do not arise. The moot question now centres around existence of the government,” the CPI(M) Politburo member said en-route to Raiganj for a party meet.
Bose’s comment came in the wake of Leader of Opposition in West Beengal Assembly Surjya Kanta Mishra having demanded immediate interrogation of the Chief Minister including others in the Saradha scam.
“Mamata Banerjee should be quizzed immediately in the Saradha scam,” Mishra, also a CPI(M) Politburo member told reporters in Kolkata.

After Jyoti  another BJP MP says sorry to House: Sakshi for his GodsepraiseWritten by Pradeep Kaushal | New Delhi |
Posted: December 13, 2014 4:55 am
An angry Opposition forced BJP member Sakshi Maharaj to express regret in Lok Sabha Friday and withdraw his remarks describing Nathuram Godse, the assassin of Mahatma Gandhi, as a patriot. The Unnao MP is the second from the BJP who has had to apologise in the House this month for highly offensive, communal remarks — Minister of State Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti had to say sorry for her Ramzaadon-versus-haramzaadon remarks.
Congress president Sonia Gandhi, who had taken her seat in Lok Sabha well before proceedings began, directed party members as they entered the well, shouting slogans. At one stage, she stood up and joined the chorus. She even walked up to party member Sushmita Dev, who was in the well, and whispered in her ear. Dev, in turn, conveyed her message to Jyotiraditya Scindia who had taken the lead in slogan-shouting. Gandhi also had a word with Trinamool leader Sudip Bandyopadhyay. Scindia rushed back and forth to take instructions from her.
These chaotic scenes were witnessed by a parliamentary delegation from Pakistan, seated in the Speaker’s gallery.
Members belonging to eight parties — Congress, Trinamool Congress, CPM, Samajwadi Party, RJD, AAP, NCP and the AIMIM — moved into the aisles soon after Speaker Sumitra Mahajan made a reference to the December 13, 2001 terror attack on Parliament. They demanded suspension of question hour to take up their adjournment motion on Sakshi Maharaj’s remarks, but Mahajan said she had rejected their notices. She said they could raise the matter later during zero hour. As she took up question hour, Opposition members trooped into the well and shouted slogans.
Scindia and Pappu Yadav (RJD) took the lead. Those in the well included K C Venugopal, Anto Antony, Deepender Singh Hooda, Adheer Ranjan Chowdhury, Ravneet Singh Bittu and Ranjit Ranjan (all Congress), Dimple Yadav and Tej Pratap Singh Yadav (both SP), P Karunakaran, M B Rajesh (CPI-M), Saugata Roy, Uma Soren, Satabdi Roy, Aparupa Poddar, Mumtaz Sanghmitra, Tapas Pal, Prasun Banerjee (Trinamool Congress), Bhagwant Mann (AAP) and Asaduddin Owaisi (AIMIM).
They had a new slogan: “Hey Ram, hey Ram, Gandhi ke katil ko diya samman (Hey Ram, the killer of Gandhi has been honoured)”. In between, they would switch to “Doshi sarkar hai hai (down with the guilty government)”. The din continued during questions and answers. The Speaker then adjourned the House for 10 minutes.
After proceedings resumed at 11.25 am, Parliamentary Affairs Minister M Venkaiah Naidu made a submission: “Nobody in this country can accept enticing the people or the person responsible for the assassination of Mahatma Gandhi. The Government totally condemns such a statement. That has been conveyed and the honourable member has clarified it outside the House too. He has also expressed regret.”
“As far as the Government is concerned and as far as my party is concerned, we do not agree with that proposition at all,” Naidu said. When Congress members said they were not satisfied with his reply, Naidu back saying there are people “who are killing the ideology of Mahatma Gandhi everyday”. He said the Opposition had no issue and was not allowing the House to run.
It also prompted the Speaker to say that from tomorrow, she would set aside time for apologies. Prodded by Naidu, Sakshi Maharaj rose from his seat and said: “I withdraw my remarks… But my friends have no issue… Godse killed Gandhi long back but you killed the Mahatma’s ideology in 1984 during the anti-Sikh riots”. This infuriated Congress members who returned to the well.
Congress leader Mallikarjun Kharge said the Opposition would not allow the Government to have its way just because it had a majority. Demanding an “unconditional apology” from Sakshi Maharaj, he promised not to let the House function if anybody “insulted” Mahatma Gandhi and honoured his assassin. Naidu argued that the member had already withdrawn his remarks. He said the Government and the BJP condemned such statements.
As the din continued, the Speaker too prodded Sakshi Maharaj to tender an apology. This time, he was brief and direct: “I withdraw my words… I express regret before the House and the country.

Saradha: scam Is Mamata s position now untenableFour Pakistan Rangers killed in retaliatory fire by BSF along International Border in Jammu
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Like the US for 2015: Prolike the us for 2015: pro
Castor oil export may dip by about 15%Castor oil export may dip by about 15%
Vimukt Dave | Rajkot Dec 12, 2014 08:59 PM IST
Reduced demand from China for castor oil may bring down India's exports in 2014 by 15 per cent. Castor oil was among the top ten items exported to China in 2012 and 2013 and the country accounts for 35 per cent of India's castor oil exports.
Estimates suggest India, which produces around 800,000 tonnes of castor oil and derivatives, ships over 60 per cent of the total production to other countries.
"We are expecting to export only about 400,000 tonnes of castor oil from the country as against 479,000 in 2013 on account of less demand from China, which is the main export destination for castor oil," said B V Mehta, executive director, Solvent Extractors Association of India (SEA).
According to SEA, India's exports of castor oil and derivatives are estimated at around $800 million. Apart from China, Thailand, Japan and European countries are the major destinations where castor oil is exported.
SEA said India exported around 360,000 tonnes castor oil from January to October 2014 and the association estimates to add export of another 40,000 tonnes by end of December.
The industry has changed the marketing year from April-March to January-December as crop cycle has changed in the past two years.
From being used as a purgative in India in the past, castor oil finds use in manufacture of jet engine lubricants, nylon, brake fluids, paints, resins, plastics, telecom, pharmaceutical, electronics, and cosmetics. It is also used as a bio-fuel in countries like Brazil and as manure.
According to the International Castor Oil Association (ICOA), it is the only commercial source hydroxyoleic acid, which is used to make several medicines.

Who wins in the state pension shake-up© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/876fc2de-7a02-11e4-8958-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Pundits misplaced homage to Wigan PierDecember 12, 2014 2:09 pm
A pundit’s misplaced homage to Wigan Pier
Giles Wilkes
We are miles away from the hardship of the prewar years, writes Giles Wilkes
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8294d04a-8080-11e4-872b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Comprehensive schools stiffen the spineA comprehensive education should stiffen the spine
John McDermott
Shadow education secretary revives debate on ‘character building’, writes John McDermott
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/73fd21e0-8080-11e4-872b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

