Google rejects 58% of  forget  requestsGoogle rejects 58% of 'right to be forgotten' requests
By James O'Toole   @jtotoole October 13, 2014: 12:13 PM ET
Google denies link-removal requests "when there is a public interest in doing so."
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Turns out it's not so easy to be "forgotten" on Google after all.
Google ( GOOGL , Tech30 ) released data Friday on the link-removal requests it's received in Europe following a ruling on the so-called "right to be forgotten."
The European Court of Justice ruled in May that people worried about their privacy can ask Google and other search engines to remove sensitive links from their search results. But search engines can decline the requests if they believe the links in question are in the public interest.
Google said Friday that it had received 144,954 requests so far involving 497,695 URLs. Of that total, it has removed only 42%, keeping 58% in its results.
Related: Google spells out how to be "forgotten" in search
"In evaluating a request, we will look at whether the results include outdated or inaccurate information about the person," Google said .
"We'll also weigh whether or not there's a public interest in the information remaining in our search results -- for example, if it relates to financial scams, professional malpractice, criminal convictions or your public conduct as a government official."
Google gave a few examples of the types of requests it's received so far.
In Germany, a rape victim asked Google to remove a link to a newspaper article about the crime. That page no longer appears in search results for the individual's name.
Related: Google: Tim Cook is wrong about us
But in Switzerland, a finance professional who asked Google to remove more than 10 links on his arrest and conviction for financial crimes had his request denied.
The removal process remains controversial , with free speech advocates complaining that the court ruling places too much power in the hands of search engines.
Individuals whose requests are denied by Google can request that local data protection authorities review the decision. Google says it is "working to create a channel" for appeals by webmasters whose links are removed from search results.
First Published: October 10, 2014: 4:44 PM ET
Most Popular

The invisible BeatleUpdated: October 12, 2014 16:18 IST
The invisible Beatle
Special arrangement Vivek Tiwary is an award-winning producer of Broadway shows and films. He is writer of the graphic novel "The Fifth Beatle'.
TOPICS
books and literature
Vivek Tiwary’s graphic novel ‘The Fifth Beatle’ brings the humane story of Beatle’s band manager Brian Epstein
Vivek Tiwary’s energy levels are at a high as he shows us his labour of love of 20 years, the book ‘The Fifth Beatle’ at Hyderabad Comic Con 2014. ‘The Fifth Beatle’ is based on the untold life story of Beatles’ manager Brian Epstein. “It was an incredibly humane story and I had to share it with the world,” says Vivek excitedly. The Indian-origin filmmaker from Patterson, New York says what struck him was the way Epstein overcame obstacles to create a band which the world will fall in love with. “He was gay, Jewish and was from Liverpool. It was illegal to be gay in the early ‘60s and there were no Jews then working in the music industry. And, Liverpool had no cultural influence whatsoever. But Epstein had a vision of taking this local band and making them bigger than Elvis. It is not just his music skills but his humane story of fighting the odds,” he says.
Vivek says Epstein’s life inspired him go after him dreams. “As a first generation young Indian growing up in New York, I wanted to make a mark for myself,” he says. Although he had a business degree, Vivek went on a different path. “My parents wanted me to take up business. I went to a business school and took a degree so that I do not totally let my parents down. I believed in what I wanted to be. If I could write a comic book and produce musicals, anyone with a goal can achieve it. There is no dream that is impossible to achieve and no person is unlikely to realise the dream,” he says with a smile.
The Fifth Beatle written in a graphic novel format is the only book on Brian Epstein, claims Vivek. “When I started research 20 years ago, there was no Wikipedia, no YouTube or Google. I had a phonebook and I called people. I said ‘I find the story inspiring and want to learn more.’ I forgot to be intimidated and reached out to people. Even they reciprocated in the same way,” he says.
Why did he choose to write the story in a graphic novel format? “I loved comics since I was a kid and felt it captured the essence. Facts are important and I wanted to capture the feeling of hope and possibility on Brian Epstein’s face when he saw the Beatles playing at a basement club and smoking and drinking on sets. He knew and saw what the band will be in future. I couldn’t tell the story in a prose format. I couldn’t merge the feelings with words. You got to have something powerful to show the feelings and only a graphic novel could do it,” he explains.
Now the excitement is high on the radar as he is soon going to make a feature film based on the story.

Bank on a busy week for earningsBank on a busy week for earnings
By: Matt Krantz October 13, 2014 6:30 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
It’s a huge week for earnings reports. You can bank on it.
Three monster U.S. banks – JPMorgan Chase (JPM) , Citigroup (C) and Wells Fargo (WFC) kick things off on Tuesday. These banks have worked off much of the mortgage mess. But they’re still contending with lower trading volume. Analysts see JP Morgan reporting 3% lower adjusted earnings of a $1.38 a share. Wells Fargo has been the darling of the banking world. Analysts see its earnings rising 3%.
Put NetFlix (NFLX) on your watch list Wednesday. Investors love the video streamer’s subscription model. The stock is up nearly 30% this year. That gives this stock a P-E – are you ready for this – of 137 times its past earnings. Is this a normal? Investors will demand huge profit growth. Analysts are calling for profit to jump 73%. It had better – or that P-E looks a tad rich.
eBay (EBAY) also reports Wednesday. Expect investors to be listening for more about the PayPal spin-off.
On Thursday – Delta Air Lines (DAL) – gets into the earnings lineup. The stock – like many airlines – is up huge this year. 22% to be exact. Investors have legit worries. Higher fuel costs and traffic hits due to Ebola are concerns. Profit is seen falling 16%.
Folks. Put on your seatbeats and expect some turbulence.

SEBI bars DLF & six top execs from mkts for ...You are here: Home > Collections
SEBI bars DLF, KP Singh & five top executives from entering securities markets for 3 years
Reena Zachariah, ET Bureau Oct 14, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
DLF
(In a statement late Monday…)
MUMBAI: India's largest builder DLF, which has been in the centre of a political storm for its alleged dealings with Robert Vadra, has now received a body blow from the capital market watchdog Sebi. DLF, its Chairman KP Singh, some members of the promoter family and a few senior executives have been barred from dealing in stocks and securities for three years by Sebi.
The regulatory action stems from the DLF management's failure to disclose material information to investors during the firm's maiden equity offer in 2007. The Sebi order dated October 10 was uploaded on the regulator's website well after trading hours on Monday when realty stocks such as DLF and Unitech fell 4% while others like Sobha Developers, Godrej Properties and Phoenix Mills rose. Option traders who may have had a whiff of the bad news took positions during the day. Singh's son Rajiv — vice-chairman of the real estate company — and daughter Pia — a whole-time director in the firm — are among those barred from accessing the securities market.
DLF is likely to challenge the order before the Securities Appellate Tribunal, a quasi judicial body.
The controversy that culminated in the final Sebi order was sparked just before DLF launched its IPO.
A few days before the Rs 9,187.5-crore IPO opened in 2007, Sebi had received complaints from one Kimsuk Krishna Sinha, who alleged that DLF group entity Sudipti Estates and other persons had duped him of Rs 34 crore in a land deal.
The complainant, Kimsuk Krishna Sinha, had pointed out that Sudipti had only two shareholders — DLF Home Developers and DLF Estate Developers — which were wholly owned subsidiaries of DLF. The DLF management had then denied that Sudipti was part of the group. Sinha subsequently filed a writ petition before the Delhi High Court, which then directed Sebi to examine the matter. At the high court's direction, Sebi issued show-cause notices (SCN) to DLF and its seven senior officials. The regulator alleged the company and the officials concerned had used a complex corporate structure to disassociate Sudipti from DLF.
Thus, Sudipti did not figure in the IPO prospectus of DLF. "The Noticees actively and knowingly suppressed several material information and facts in the red herring prospectus (RHP)/prospectus leading to misstatements in the RHP/prospectus so as to mislead and defraud the investors in securities market in connection with the issue of shares of DLF," said the Sebi order, which includes the response of DLF and its directors.
In a statement late Monday evening, DLF denied any wrong-doing and said its actions were guided by advice from lawyers and merchant bankers.
"DLF and its board wish to reassure its investors and all other stakeholders that it has not acted in contravention of law either during its initial public offer or otherwise. DLF and its board were guided by and acted on the advice of eminent legal advisors, merchant bankers and audit firms while formulating its offer documents. DLF will defend itself to the fullest extent against any adverse findings and measures contained in the order passed by Sebi. DLF has full faith in the judicial process and is confident of vindication of its stand in the near future."
In his response to Sebi, which is quoted in the order, KP Singh said the show-cause notice was issued to him in his capacity as DLF chairman and there was no allegation of any wrong-doing on his part. Also, he said, there was no concept of strict or vicarious liability under Section 11 of the Sebi Act which would enable the regulator to issue directions against directors in the absence of any specific allegations against them.
Singh's legal representative also submitted that given the complexity and specialised nature of the IPO process and his advanced age of 82 years, Singh relied on the advice of various experts involved in the process such as merchant bankers, and acted in a bona fide manner on such expert advice. Leading investment banks such as DSP Merrill Lynch, Kotak, Citi, Lehman, Deutsche Equities, ICICI Securities, UBS and SBI Capital Markets were associated with the IPO.
"It's an excellent order clearly establishing the fact that in the eyes of law, no one is big or small," said JN Gupta, founder & MD, Stakeholders Empowerment Services. In its order, Sebi said DLF continued to be in control of the board of directors of Sudipti and related entities such as Shalika and Felicite, which remained its subsidiaries even after the purported transfer of shareholding in them on November 29-30, 2006. Thus, according to Sebi, the three companies were related parties and DLF had failed to disclose its related party transactions.
"Sebi has sent the right message to those who think they (can) get (away) by violating regulations and suppressing information," said Huzefa Nasikwala of Nasikwala Law Office. "I would like to see more stringent action from the market regulator in coming days." Sebi's whole-time member Rajeev Kumar Agarwal, who signed the order, said, "I, therefore, find that the purported transfers of shareholding in the said three companies were sham transactions devised as aplan, scheme, design and device to camouflage the association of DLF with these three companies as holding-subsidiary."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Government owes company cash. Stock upGovernment owes company money. Stock soars
By: Matt Krantz October 13, 2014 11:44 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
AP
Shares of Doral Financial (DRL) are up more than 30% Monday on the news the bank is owed more than $223 million in tax receivables from Puerto Rico tax authorities.
The mortgage lender, which mainly operates out of Puerto Rico, had been fighting Puerto Rico tax officials over what it thought was an overdue refund of $222.9 million. The payment is in connection to the bank’s restatement of financial results between 1998 and 2004. The lender claims it was owed a refund based on the taxes paid on overstated profit in the years in question.
Shares of Doral are up $1.64, or 31%, to $7.01.
Puerto Rico’s financial standing has been shaky since 2006, and Doral’s profit has struggled to recover since the housing bubble.
Puerto Rico’s Treasury Secretary Melba Acosta Febo will appeal the decision, Bloomberg reports.

Mukesh Ambani scions inducted into boards of two group firmsNew Delhi, October 11, 2014
Updated: October 11, 2014 22:45 IST
Mukesh Ambani scions inducted into boards of two group firms
Special Correspondent
The Hindu Akash Ambani and Isha Ambani on their way to attend Reliance Industries AGM in Mumbai. File photo: Paul Noronha
TOPICS
board of directors (appointment and change)
Mukesh Ambani’s twin scions Isha and Akash, 23, were appointed to the boards of Reliance Jio Infocomm Ltd and Reliance Retail Ventures Ltd,
The third-generation members of the Ambani family of Reliance have been formally inducted into boards of Reliance Industries Ltd. (RIL) group companies, making their debut in the boardrooms.
RIL, on Saturday, announced the appointment of Nita and Mukesh Ambani’s children Isha and Akash as board members of Reliance Jio Infocomm Ltd. and Reliance Retail Ventures Ltd., which are parts of the RIL group. At the board meetings held on Saturday, these two unlisted companies approved the appointment of the young Ambanis.
Twenty-three-year-old Ms. Isha and Mr. Akash are twins, and they are the scions of the business family that leads biggest private sector company.
Ms. Isha has graduated from Yale University with double majors in psychology and South Asian studies. She was a business analyst at McKinsey & Company’s New York office.
Mr. Akash has graduated from Brown University with major in Economics. He is closely involved in the development of products and digital services applications in Reliance Jio. In May, Ms. Nita Ambani was inducted into the RIL board.
The board of Reliance Retail has also appointed Adil Zainulbhai, an independent director of RIL, on its board.
Dipak Jain is already an independent director on the board of Reliance Retail. Mr. Zainulbhai and Mr. Jain are independent directors on the board of Reliance Jio Infocomm.

Narayanan close to GM norm in World Junior ChessUpdated: October 13, 2014 14:46 IST
Narayanan close to GM norm in World Junior Chess
PTI
The Hindu International Master S L Narayanan needs just a draw against China’s Wei Yi in the eighth round to secure a Grandmaster norm in the World Junior Chess Championship now underway in Pune. File photo
TOPICS
chess
International Master S L Narayanan needs just a draw against China’s Wei Yi in the eighth round to secure a Grandmaster norm in the World Junior Chess Championship now underway in Pune.
After winning the national junior championship some time back, Narayanan had announced his arrival in the Indian chess scene and the youngster has lived up to expectations in the premier event for junior players here.
Having beaten the likes of Vladislav Kovalev of Belarus and Kamil Dragun of Poland earlier in the tournament, Narayanan currently shares the second spot in the championship on 5.5 points and will look forward to his Grandmaster norm first before going further.
While Narayanan has been the best player among Indians thus far, the Grandmaster trio of Vidit Gujrathi, Sahaj Grover and Ankit Rajpara have not quite posed the challenge they were expected to do.
Grover and Rajpara have 4.5 points each while Gujrathi is only on four points despite starting as the highest rated Indian and the defending bronze medallist.
Sahaj Grover was doing well until the last round when disaster struck and he handed the game in a platter to Karen Grigoryan of Armenia. There was certain exhaustion visible in Grover’s game and the rest day should help him recover soon.
With six rounds still to come, a lot can happen and can change as has been the case in many of the championships before but Jorge Cori of Peru has no complaints past the half way mark as he is leading on six points.
With Cori in front, Narayanan is sharing the second spot with Wei Yi, Lu Shanglei of China and Karen Grigoryan.
Grandmaster in waiting Arvindh Chathambaram is among those who have five points each.
In the girls’ championship, being organised simultaneously, Padimini Rout meets her toughest opponent after the lone rest day in defending champion Aleksandra Goryachkina of Russia.
Rout has been at her best in the event so far and a good result int he next round can propel her to go for the gold which has thus far eluded the Indian girl. Rout had won gold medal in Olympiad for her individual performance two months back.

Reliance Industries Q2 profit up marginally at 5 972 crRIL net beats expectations, rises 1.7% on high margins
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 13, 2014
First Published: 19:06 IST(13/10/2014) | Last Updated: 23:50 IST(13/10/2014)
Comments
India’s biggest private company by sales, Reliance Industries Ltd, on Monday posted a 1.7% year-on-year rise in its second quarter net profit, beating market expectations on the back of improved refining margins despite softening crude oil prices.
Mukesh Ambani-led RIL, which operates the world’s biggest refinery complex in a single location, said its consolidated net profit stood at Rs. 5,972 crore, against Rs. 5,873 crore last year. This was much better than brokerages’ estimates of `5,634 crore.
Sales, however, fell 4.3% to Rs. 113,396 crore due to low crude prices and volumes.
“The refining and petrochemical businesses once again delivered robust results outperforming regional industry benchmarks,” chairman Mukesh Ambani said in a statement.
RIL’s gross refining margin — the main indicator of the profitability of a refinery — stood at $8.3 a barrel against $7.7 a year ago.
The refining operations and the oil and gas divisions have been closely watched ever since the company failed to stop the falling domestic oil and gas output in the Krishna-Godavari basin.
During July-September, RIL’s Jamnagar refineries processed 17.3 million metric tonnes of crude at an average utilisation rate of 112%.
In comparison, average utilisation rates for refineries globally during the same period stood at 89.1% in North America, 78.9% in Europe and 84% in Asia.
“The earnings are better than market expectations and refining margins have been the main surprise,” said independent market expert Ambarish Baliga. “This will have a positive impact on the stock tomorrow.”
Shares of Reliance fell 0.3% ahead of the earnings announcement. Outlining RIL’s expansion plans, Ambani said: “Renewed optimism in the domestic economy augurs well for business and consumer confidence, particularly against the backdrop of continuing concerns on global economic growth. We expect to create significant value for our stakeholders over the next 12-18 months as we complete our large investment programme across energy and consumer businesses.”
In June, Ambani told shareholders that RIL was planning to invest Rs. 70,000 crore in various businesses. Reliance Jio Infocomm, a subsidiary of RIL, has already signed a $750-million loan agreement backed by Korea Exim Bank in September.
Reliance said the net addition to fixed assets for the half year ended September 30 stood at Rs. 44,895 crore. “Capital expenditure was principally on account of ongoing expansions projects in the petrochemicals and refining business at Jamnagar, Dahej and Hazira, broadband access and US Shale gas projects,” the statement added.

Sebi bars DLF  KP Singh from market for 3 yearsYou are here: Home > Collections
SEBI bars DLF, KP Singh & five top executives from entering securities markets for 3 years
Reena Zachariah, ET Bureau Oct 14, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
DLF
(In a statement late Monday…)
MUMBAI: India's largest builder DLF, which has been in the centre of a political storm for its alleged dealings with Robert Vadra, has now received a body blow from the capital market watchdog Sebi. DLF, its Chairman KP Singh, some members of the promoter family and a few senior executives have been barred from dealing in stocks and securities for three years by Sebi.
The regulatory action stems from the DLF management's failure to disclose material information to investors during the firm's maiden equity offer in 2007. The Sebi order dated October 10 was uploaded on the regulator's website well after trading hours on Monday when realty stocks such as DLF and Unitech fell 4% while others like Sobha Developers, Godrej Properties and Phoenix Mills rose. Option traders who may have had a whiff of the bad news took positions during the day. Singh's son Rajiv — vice-chairman of the real estate company — and daughter Pia — a whole-time director in the firm — are among those barred from accessing the securities market.
DLF is likely to challenge the order before the Securities Appellate Tribunal, a quasi judicial body.
The controversy that culminated in the final Sebi order was sparked just before DLF launched its IPO.
A few days before the Rs 9,187.5-crore IPO opened in 2007, Sebi had received complaints from one Kimsuk Krishna Sinha, who alleged that DLF group entity Sudipti Estates and other persons had duped him of Rs 34 crore in a land deal.
The complainant, Kimsuk Krishna Sinha, had pointed out that Sudipti had only two shareholders — DLF Home Developers and DLF Estate Developers — which were wholly owned subsidiaries of DLF. The DLF management had then denied that Sudipti was part of the group. Sinha subsequently filed a writ petition before the Delhi High Court, which then directed Sebi to examine the matter. At the high court's direction, Sebi issued show-cause notices (SCN) to DLF and its seven senior officials. The regulator alleged the company and the officials concerned had used a complex corporate structure to disassociate Sudipti from DLF.
Thus, Sudipti did not figure in the IPO prospectus of DLF. "The Noticees actively and knowingly suppressed several material information and facts in the red herring prospectus (RHP)/prospectus leading to misstatements in the RHP/prospectus so as to mislead and defraud the investors in securities market in connection with the issue of shares of DLF," said the Sebi order, which includes the response of DLF and its directors.
In a statement late Monday evening, DLF denied any wrong-doing and said its actions were guided by advice from lawyers and merchant bankers.
"DLF and its board wish to reassure its investors and all other stakeholders that it has not acted in contravention of law either during its initial public offer or otherwise. DLF and its board were guided by and acted on the advice of eminent legal advisors, merchant bankers and audit firms while formulating its offer documents. DLF will defend itself to the fullest extent against any adverse findings and measures contained in the order passed by Sebi. DLF has full faith in the judicial process and is confident of vindication of its stand in the near future."
In his response to Sebi, which is quoted in the order, KP Singh said the show-cause notice was issued to him in his capacity as DLF chairman and there was no allegation of any wrong-doing on his part. Also, he said, there was no concept of strict or vicarious liability under Section 11 of the Sebi Act which would enable the regulator to issue directions against directors in the absence of any specific allegations against them.
Singh's legal representative also submitted that given the complexity and specialised nature of the IPO process and his advanced age of 82 years, Singh relied on the advice of various experts involved in the process such as merchant bankers, and acted in a bona fide manner on such expert advice. Leading investment banks such as DSP Merrill Lynch, Kotak, Citi, Lehman, Deutsche Equities, ICICI Securities, UBS and SBI Capital Markets were associated with the IPO.
"It's an excellent order clearly establishing the fact that in the eyes of law, no one is big or small," said JN Gupta, founder & MD, Stakeholders Empowerment Services. In its order, Sebi said DLF continued to be in control of the board of directors of Sudipti and related entities such as Shalika and Felicite, which remained its subsidiaries even after the purported transfer of shareholding in them on November 29-30, 2006. Thus, according to Sebi, the three companies were related parties and DLF had failed to disclose its related party transactions.
"Sebi has sent the right message to those who think they (can) get (away) by violating regulations and suppressing information," said Huzefa Nasikwala of Nasikwala Law Office. "I would like to see more stringent action from the market regulator in coming days." Sebi's whole-time member Rajeev Kumar Agarwal, who signed the order, said, "I, therefore, find that the purported transfers of shareholding in the said three companies were sham transactions devised as aplan, scheme, design and device to camouflage the association of DLF with these three companies as holding-subsidiary."
FEATURED ARTICLES

CarTrade raises Rs.185 cr from Warburb Pincus  othersUpdated: October 14, 2014 00:04 IST
CarTrade raises Rs.185 cr from Warburg Pincus, others
Special Correspondent
business (general)
Online automobile classified platform CarTrade has raised Rs.185 crore from an affiliate of Warburg Pincus, a leading global private equity firm, and CarTrade’s existing investors, Canaan Partners and Tiger Global.
A statement from CarTrade said the infusion of capital will be used to diversify and strengthen CarTrade’s offerings for consumers and dealers.
“We are extremely happy to have Warburg Pincus on board as a partner,” CarTrade Founder and CEO Vinay Sanghi said in the statement, adding, “the funds raised shall be employed to further expand our services to help us offer our consumers and dealers a seamless online experience. We also plan to focus significantly on the mobile space and provide products and services, which will be best in class and in many cases the first of its kind.”
CarTrade is among the country’s largest auto classified platforms. For used-car buyers, it offers a selection of over one lakh listings, price information and car certification, and for new car buyers, there are features such as reviews, on-road prices, car comparisons and latest news.
“CarTrade is one of the most innovative platforms in the online auto sector, and has shown strong growth momentum in the last couple of years,” Nitin Nayar, Managing Director, Warburg Pincus India, said in the statement, adding, “Warburg Pincus is excited about the opportunity to partner with a talented team to further build on its position and to accelerate its growth plans.”

Scram Kid  Halloween is for Grown-Ups NowEmail
It's a little creepy just how much Halloween is for grown-ups now.
Kids still go trick or treating. But adults have increasingly taken over at the costume shop. Spending on costumes for adults will top $1.38 billion this year, compared to $1.06 billion for kids, according to a National Retail Federation report. 
The number of costumes bought is also higher for adults. While several privately-held costume stores declined to share sales figures, online costume super store BrandsOnSale estimated they're selling 40 percent more adult than kid's costumes. At the 30,000 square foot Halloween Outlet in Worcester, Massachusetts, the ratio is 3 to 1.
But isn't Halloween the time for the little ones to use their creativity and earn some candy? Not anymore, it seems.
“Halloween isn’t all about kids dressed up like cowboys, cute pirates, Disney princesses and ghosts going door to door with a pillowcase to collect candy," said BrandsOnSale CEO Jonathan Weeks. "Halloween is all about the parties and drinking. Who doesn’t love socializing when you are dressed up as a zombie, sexy bunny, a famous celebrity or something downright inappropriate or scary looking?"
Video: An independent costume company is generating some controversy after transforming iconic characters from the blockbuster Disney movie into some rather provocative Halloween costumes.
But adults aren't just dressing up as sexy bunnies. They're also buying sexed-up versions of other icons of innocence and childhood. These go well beyond the familiar "sexy french maid" and "sexy cop" costumes. We also have sexy versions of hit characters from the "Frozen" and "Despicable Me" cartoons. Also,  a sexy slice of pizza and a sexy kid's happy meal item, to name a few.
Can't the kids just have one thing for themselves without someone slapping a miniskirt on it?
"The world was a better place when Halloween was for kids and every other day was for adults #priorities #growup," tweeted comic Joe Bartnick .
So why do adults have to stomp on in? Experts say grown-ups are more apt to be looser with their wallets because it's the one holiday most everyone takes part in where there's very little responsibility. There's no gift to get. There are no relatives to visit. 
"It's really the only stress-free holiday for an adult where they don't have to do anything but have fun," said Halloween Outlet President Chirstine Arvanigian.
That sounds like being a kid. So in some ways, adults are really dressing up as children. Spooky.
Tags:

RIL posts profit rise  plans to invest Rs 550 billionReliance Industries posts profit rise, plans to invest Rs 550 billion
By Reuters | 13 Oct, 2014, 10.20PM IST
0
Share More
RIL has been expanding beyond its core refining and petrochemicals biz by investing in consumer-focused areas such as retail and telecoms.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: Reliance Industries Ltd , a conglomerate that operates the world's biggest refinery, reported a rise in profits that beat forecasts, helped by stronger refining margins, and said it would invest up to $9 billion in the next two quarters.
The company, controlled by India's richest man, Mukesh Ambani , has been expanding beyond its core refining and petrochemicals business by investing in consumer-focused areas such as retail and telecoms.
"We have spent 450 billion rupees in the first six months, what we can make out is that we'll spend probably between 500 billion to 550 billion rupees ($8.2-$9 billion) in the next six months," Reliance Chief Financial Officer Alok Agarwal told reporters in Mumbai on Monday.
Its gross refining margin, or profit from each barrel of crude oil refined, was $8.30 per barrel in the quarter to end-September versus $7.70 per barrel year ago, Reliance said.
"Renewed optimism in the domestic economy augurs well for business and consumer confidence, particularly against the backdrop of continuing concerns on global economic growth," Ambani, who is chairman of the group, said in a statement.
Reliance reported a 1.7 percent rise in net profit on Monday for its fiscal second quarter to Sept. 30.
It also said it was hopeful of a decision on the price of natural gas by next month. Reliance and its partners in the Krishna Godavari (KG) D6 block off India's east coast are in arbitration with the government over a hike in gas prices, delayed three times.
"We are taking what the government is saying very seriously that they will take a decision on gas pricing by Nov. 15," Agarwal said.
Reliance has been dogged by an inability to stop a decline in its domestic oil and gas output and by investor concerns about its earmarked investment of $11.7 billion into fourth-generation (4G) telecoms service, which has yet to be launched.
LOOKING AT E-COMMERCE
Reliance reported stand-alone profit of 57.42 billion rupees, excluding its interests in retail and some smaller businesses, exceeding an average forecast of 56.34 billion from analysts polled by Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Revenue from its retail business, which posted its first annual profit in the previous fiscal year after six years of losses, rose 20 percent in the quarter from a year ago.
Reliance expects revenue from the retail business to grow by 25 to 30 percent annually and that e-commerce will be a part of its strategy going forward, Co-CFO V Srikanth said.
"There are some internal discussions that are happening ... E-commerce will clearly be a part of the retail strategy."
The company's upstream oil business posted its second straight quarter of double-digit revenue growth after three years of declines, boosted by a sharp 34 percent jump in revenue from its U.S. shale gas operations.
Agarwal said the company and its Eagle Ford joint venture partner, Pioneer Natural Resources Co , were reviewing "the best way to think about our JV going forward".
Last week, Reuters reported that Reliance was seeking up to $4.5 billion from the sale of its 45 percent stake in the Eagle Ford joint venture.
Shares of India's third-largest company by market value fell 0.3 percent ahead of the results versus a 0.33 percent gain in the benchmark index. The stock is up about 6 percent this year compared with the benchmark's 23 percent rise.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Rules flouted brazenly in coal blocks allocation: courtcoal
This "amounted to an act of criminal mis-conduct by the public servants", the court made the remarks while refusing to accept CBI’s closure report in a coal blocks allocation scam case
The entire process of allocation of coal blocks was done in a “brazen fashion” and officers of the Ministry of Coal abused their positions and acted in “an arbitrary and illegal” manner, a Special Court on Monday observed.
The court said that act of not scrutinising applications of companies or allotting coal blocks in a “clandestine manner” without explaining the reasons as to why these firms have been selected and why the others were not selected “amounted to an act of criminal mis-conduct by the public servants”.
“This act also amounted to allowing misappropriation of country’s natural resources by private firms in furtherance of the criminal conspiracy,” special CBI judge Bharat Parashar said.
The court made the remarks while refusing to accept CBI’s closure report in a coal blocks allocation scam case in which it summoned as accused former Coal Secretary H C Gupta, the then Joint Secretary K S Kropha, and the then Director CA—I Section of Ministry of Coal K C Samaria.
The court also issued summons to Madhya Pradesh-based Kamal Sponge Steel and Power Limited (KSSPL), its Managing Director Pawan Kumar Ahluwalia and Chartered Accountant Amit Goyal asking them to appear before it on October 31.
They were summoned as accused for the offences including cheating, criminal conspiracy, and criminal breach of trust by public servant and under the provisions of the Prevention of Corruption Act.
The court, in its order, said officers of Ministry of Coal (MOC) and the screening committee members were exercising a dominion over a valuable property i.e. the country’s natural resources and they were duty bound to ensure that it does not stand allocated to unscrupulous persons.
“However for reasons best known to the MOC officers and the Screening Committee, the entire process of allocation of coal blocks was undertaken in such a brazen fashion that even before issuing letters of allotment of coal blocks, no care was taken to at least scrutinise the applications for their eligibility or completeness much less to verify particulars mentioned in the application,” the court said.
The court observed that conduct of Coal Ministry officers involved in the entire process of coal blocks allocation was prima facie arbitrary and illegal.
“Prima facie their actions in acting in an arbitrary and illegal manner i.e. without following any objectivity and transparency in the matter of allocation of such important natural resources of the country amounts to abusing of their position as such public servants and in the process obtaining pecuniary advantage to M/s KSSPL,” it said.
It said it was prima facie clear that non-scrutinising of KSSPL’s application for eligibility and completeness on the part of MOC officers was on account of their active collusion.
“The arbitrary manner in which MOC officers functioned followed by the perfunctory manner in which the Screening Committee headed by Secretary (Gupta), MOC, deliberated upon such an important issue and made its recommendations for allotment of Thesgora-B/Rudrapuri Coal Block to M/s KSSPL, clearly amounted to an act by public servants of not only abusing their position as such public servants but also acting against public interest...,” it said.
It added prima facie offence of criminal conspiracy was made out against accused from the facts of the case.
The court also did not accept the contentions of CBI’s investigating officer (IO) that the application given by KSSPL to MOC seeking allocation of coal blocks were not properly scrutinised by the officers of the ministry as there was shortage of manpower and it was an act of negligence.
The court, in its order, gave the example of selection process of lower divisional clerks (LDCs) in the government saying “if the applications are not scrutinised at the initial stage being voluminous in nature then at least before issuance of actual letters of appointment, particulars of candidates are verified and cross checked from the documents produced by them or by way of police verification“.
The court said Kropha, who was Member Secretary of the Screening Committee, and Gupta, then Chairman of Screening Committee, were responsible to ensure that all necessary precautions as expected to be undertaken to ensure reasonable safeguards were adopted.
Rather, they chose to abuse their official position by not adopting any such reasonable safeguards to protect the public interest, it said.
“They, in fact acted arbitrarily and in a non-objective manner while dealing with such important matter of public concern i.e. the natural resources of the country and thus belied the trust of the people imposed in them,” it said.

If girlfriends were honest when arguingIf Girlfriends Were Honest When Arguing
by BuzzFeed 1:22 mins
"When I say "It's nothing..." it's literally EVERYTHING!"
Link

IMF warns of global financial risk from fiscal policiesIMF warns of global financial risk from fiscal policies
China trade data ease slowdown fearsChina trade data ease slowdown fears
IndusInd Bank net up 30%IndusInd Bank net up 30%
Reliance Industries Q2 net up 1.7% at Rs 5 972 croreReliance Industries Q2 net up 1.7% at Rs 5 972 crore
SC: Farmers to recover cane dues before banksSC: Farmers to recover cane dues before banks
PM Modi makes an exception for Air India chairmanPM Modi makes an exception for Air India chairman
Sept retail inflation hits 32-month low of 6.46%Sept retail inflation hits 32-month low of 6.46%
Green hurdle JSW Steel may drop bid for European co IlvaGreen hurdle? JSW Steel may drop bid for European co Ilva
Ramsurya Mamidenna , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, October 12, 2014
First Published: 23:51 IST(12/10/2014) | Last Updated: 00:01 IST(13/10/2014)
Comments
High environmental and pension liabilities may force JSW Steel, India’s third-largest steel-maker, to drop its plan to bid for Europe’s Ilva Steel, which was widely seen as an ambitious overseas expansion move by the Mumbai-based group as it scouts for steel-making and mining assets outside India.
This would leave the field open for ArcelorMittal to snap up the 8.5-million-tonne-a-year Ilva, valued at around $600 million according to investment bankers.
The troubled Ilva Steel, which is under special administration, has environmental liabilities of about €11.5 billion ( Rs. 89,700 crore), according to people with knowledge of the matter. This is in addition to €4.5 billion ( Rs. 35,100 crore) in pension liabilities, people familiar with JSW’s recent due-diligence exercise told HT.
Ilva, based in Taranto, Italy, is Europe’s largest steel plant by output and employs about 16,000 people. It has over €1 billion in cash, which is being used to run the company. 
Sajjan Jindal-led JSW and a joint venture between ArcelorMittal and Marcegaglia are the two firms that showed interest in Ilva, which makes products for the auto sector.
The JSW group is currently close to acquiring another Italian steel company, Lucchini, and is also in advanced stages to finalise a deal to buy embattled iron ore miner London Mining.
These two deals are together likely to be valued at less than $300 million, with JSW Group only interested in acquiring the finishing mill of Lucchini, which has also been facing operational problems.
JSW Steel plans to send billets — intermediate steel products — from India and use the finishing mill capacity of Lucchini to make products for the European market.
When contacted, Seshagiri Rao, joint MD and Group CFO, said: “Italy is a high-cost economy and growth has also slowed quite a bit. While the group is open to acquiring mines for backward integration and will also look at steel units, we are very careful while evaluating our options.”

Its the new mediocreAbout Gavyn
Blog guide
A blog on macroeconomics, economic policymaking and the financial markets. Gavyn usually writes about a key topic of the week on Sunday.
If you have yet to register on FT.com you will be asked to do so before you begin to read this blog. However, the posts remain free.
Follow @gavyndavies
Gavyn Davies is a macroeconomist who is now chairman of Fulcrum Asset Management and co-founder of Prisma Capital Partners. He was the head of the global economics department at Goldman Sachs from 1987-2001, and was chairman of the BBC from 2001-2004.
He has also served as an economic policy adviser in No 10 Downing Street, an external adviser to the British Treasury, and as a visiting professor at the London School of Economics.
Gavyn Davies is an active investor and may have financial interests and holdings in any of the topics about which he writes. The views expressed are solely those of Mr Davies and in no way reflect the views of Prisma Capital Partners LP, Fulcrum Asset Management LLP, their respective affiliates or representatives. This material is not intended to provide, and should not be relied upon for, investment advice or recommendations. Readers are urged to seek professional advice before making any investments.
All posts are published in UK time.
See the full list of FT blogs .

Sebi bars DLF  six top executives from markets for three yearsRealty firm DLF, executives barred from market for 3 years
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi  Mumbai, October 13, 2014
First Published: 16:32 IST(13/10/2014) | Last Updated: 08:46 IST(14/10/2014)
Comments
Stock market regulator Sebi cracked down Monday on India’s biggest realty company DLF by barring six top executives, including promoter-chairman KP Singh, from accessing the securities market for three years, choking its options to raise fresh funds.
The move, linked to disclosure lapses in 2007 when DLF went public and listed on exchanges, is the latest in a series of setbacks for the company credited with building Gurgaon as a corporate and residential hub on the barren Aravallis, just outside the Capital.
“I find that a case of active and deliberate suppression of information to mislead and defraud the investors in the securities market in connection with the issue of shares of DLF in its IPO is clearly made out,” Securities and Exchange Board of India’s (Sebi's) whole-time member Rajeev Agarwal said in his 43-page order.
A file photo of DLF chairman KP Singh. Sebi has cracked down on the biggest real estate player of the country by barring the company and its top executives, including Singh, from accessing the securities market for three years.
In 2007, DLF went public in a record-breaking initial public offering of Rs. 9,187 crore, India’s largest at the time.
The real estate giant has faced a number of problems in recent years, including angry lawsuits by customers upset with project delays and political controversies surrounding the company’s alleged links with Robert Vadra, son-in-law of Congress president Sonia Gandhi, whose party lost power earlier this year.
Responding to the order, the company said, “DLF will defend itself to the fullest extent against any adverse findings and measures contained in the order passed by Sebi. DLF has full faith in the judicial process and is confident of vindication of its stand in the near future.”
It was unclear how the firm’s lenders, often the real estate industry’s lifeline, would react to the investigation that looked into charges of failure by the company to properly disclose its relationship with subsidiary firms.
“It can be very damaging for the company,” said lawyer Hiroo Advani. “This could lead them to struggle to complete ongoing projects. Also, if banks start calling in their loans, it would further compound the adverse impact.”
The ruling could also have an adverse impact on the firm’s stock. News of the Sebi ban broke after trading had closed on Indian stock exchanges, when DLF shares were down 3.7% at  Rs. 146.70 on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
The order came after a four-year probe into the process of share transfer by three DLF subsidiaries in three other allegedly related firms -- Sudipti, Shalika and Felicite.
In April 2010, the Delhi high court had asked Sebi to look into the complaint of one Kimsuk Krishna Sinha on the dealings. Calling the share transfer process a “sham transaction”, Sebi said the banned executives employed “a plan, scheme, design and device to camouflage the association” of DLF with these three entities.
This is the second setback for the Delhi-based developer in two weeks. Last week, the Delhi HC dismissed the company’s petition seeking a stay on investigations by the anti-trust regulator Competition Commission of India into allegations of anti-competitive practices.
DLF executives barred by Sebi include KP Singh’s son Rajiv Singh (vice-chairman), daughter Pia Singh (whole-time director),   TC Goyal (managing director), Kameshwar Swarup and Ramesh Sanka. All these people, including KP Singh and his two children, were part of the top management at the time of filing IPO documents.
About G S Talwar, also a non-executive director at that time, Sebi said it could not be established whether he was involved in day-to-day operations and was therefore given the “benefit of doubt”.
In a statement, the company, however, reassured “investors and all other stakeholders that it has not acted in contravention of law either during its initial public offer or otherwise”.
“DLF and its board were guided by and acted on the advice of eminent legal advisors, merchant bankers and audit firms while formulating its offer documents,” the release said.

Hyderabad: Youth attacks girlfriend on college premises  kills selfComments
An 18-year-old engineering student was seriously injured after her estranged boyfriend allegedly attacked her with a sickle on the premises of her college in Bandlaguda area before killing himself by drinking a poisonous substance on Monday, police said.
The youth (21), identified only as Pradeep, entered the premises of the college of the girl, a first-year student of engineering, posing as a student in college uniform and slashed her, they said.
Pradeep was pursuing a technical course at another institute. The girl sustained serious injuries on her head and left hand, a senior police officer said, adding that she and Pradeep were immediately rushed to separate private hospitals.
"Immediately after attacking the girl, Pradeep consumed some poisonous substance and died at a private hospital. He seems to have been mentally prepared for this act i.e attacking the girl and also to commit suicide," assistant commissioner of police (Falaknuma division) Mohammed Abdul Bari said.
The college authorities have handed over the CCTV footage of the incident to police, he said.
"The girl was known to Pradeep for the last four years. For the past two years, he had been pestering her with love proposals besides harassing her to marry him, which she rejected. He even teased her on several occasions," the ACP told PTI.
Bari said that Pradeep was apparently opposed to the idea of the girl studying in the co-ed institution and wanted her to instead study in a woman's college.
"After the relations between them strained, the girl had recently lodged a complaint with police alleging that her boyfriend had outraged her modesty and since then Pradeep had been absconding," the ACP said.
Chandrayangutta police are conducting further probe in the case.

RBI asks banks to comply with one address pr...RBI asks banks to comply with one address proof norm
PTI Oct 13, 2014, 08.21PM IST
Tags:
proofs of addresses
(RBI said the insistence…)
MUMBAI: The RBI today asked banks to comply with the one-address-proof norm as it was found that many of them were not following the new rules.
Despite its clear instructions on requirement of one proof of address, whether permanent or current, RBI said it was brought to its notice that some banks were still insisting on submission of a proof of current address even when a customer produced a proof of permanent address.
Banks are advised to ensure that customers are not unnecessarily asked to submit additional proofs of addresses for current addresses in cases where proofs of addresses for permanent addresses are already available, RBI said.
"Banks are requested to confirm latest by October 17, 2014, that the above mentioned instruction has been communicated to all their branches and the same have been meticulously complied with," RBI wrote in a communication to bank CEOs/Chairperson.
RBI said the insistence for proof of local address prevents many prospective customers, especially migrant workers, from opening bank accounts.
Earlier in June this year, RBI had simplified the bank account opening norms by allowing customers to submit only one proof of address, either permanent or local.
The RBI move was targeted at facilitating migrant workers and employees with transferable jobs, who face cumbersome procedure, to access banking services.
FEATURED ARTICLES

E-cigarettes to be banned; warnings on tobacco packs to get biggerComments
India will release new graphic health warnings that cover 80% of tobacco packages on both sides and ban the sale, manufacture and use of e-cigarettes by the end of this month.
Graphic photographs of oral and throat cancers will occupy 65% of tobacco packages — such as cigarette packs — while 15% of the surface will be used for text warnings. Four photos have been shortlisted for the new warnings, expected on packs by April 1 next year.
“These are part of stringent rules introduced to lower tobacco addiction among the young, such as increasing the legal age for tobacco use to 21 years,” said Union health minister Harsh Vardhan.
India sees more than a million deaths due to tobacco each year, says data from the Indian Council of Medical Research, but has one of the world’s weakest tobacco warning regimes. Currently, official cautions appear only on one side of the package, covering a mere 20% of the entire packet.
The new rules also ban e-cigarettes since they’re not approved under the Drugs and Cosmetics Act. The battery-operated products use a heating element to vapourise liquid nicotine or other flavoured liquids. 
The devices are marketed as less harmful than cigarettes and beneficial for those planning to quit smoking, but have triggered fears of adverse health effects in recent years.
“E-cigarettes are not approved by the Drug Controller General of India, therefore its sale and use is illegal in India,” said an official from the directorate of health services.
A typical cigarette contains 9 mg to 30 mg of nicotine and smoking one cigarette delivering roughly 2 mg of nicotine. “2 mg is used to treat withdrawal but e-cigarettes contain up to 10 mg/per cartridge, which has not been approved,” the official added.
Despite bans on advertising, sale to minors and smoking in public places, more than one in three adults use some form of tobacco in India.
According to a 2014 report by the Canadian Cancer Society to be released next week, India is ranked 136th among 198 countries listed according to the size of their health warnings. The country has slid from a ranking of 123 in 2012, with several countries implementing stronger warnings.
Other Asian countries are far ahead in this regard, with warnings covering 85% of the package on both sides in Thailand, 90% in Sri Lanka and 75% in Nepal.
Tobacco kills up to half of its users, killing nearly 6 million people – one death every 6 seconds – globally each year. 
Unchecked, tobacco-related deaths from cancers, heart disease, lung diseases and stroke, among others, is expected to increase to over 8 million annually by 2030, 1.5 million of them in India.

Court hears Oscar Pistorius has  genuine remorseCourt hears Oscar Pistorius has 'genuine remorse'
AFP
Pretoria, South Africa, October 13, 2014
First Published: 21:01 IST(13/10/2014)
Oscar Pistorius' therapist told a sentencing hearing on Monday that the star sprinter suffered genuine remorse after shooting dead his girlfriend, as lawyers fought to keep him out of jail.
related stories
Defence witness Lore Hartzenberg told a South African court that Pistorius was virtually inconsolable during initial counselling sessions after he killed Reeva Steenkamp on Valentine's Day 2013.
The 27-year-old double amputee was last month found guilty of negligently killing the photogenic model.
But he was cleared on a more serious charge of murder, a verdict that shocked the country and fuelled criticism of South Africa's legal system.
"Some of the sessions were just him weeping and crying and me holding him," said Hartzenberg, the first witness called by Pistorius lawyers to mitigate against a prison sentence.
"I can confirm his remorse and pain to be genuine," said Hartzenberg "I have never found him to be anything other than a respectful, caring and well-mannered person."
She described Pistorius as a "broken man."
Pistorius entered the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria amid tight security for the start of the sentencing hearing, which is expected to run for most of the week.
The "Blade Runner" could face up to 15 years in one of South Africa's notoriously brutal prisons or could dodge a jail term altogether with a non-custodial sentence.
The defence team is expected to argue that the country's prisons are not suited for his disability and that the 2012 London Paralympics silver medallist deserves leniency as a first time offender.
Hartzenberg did not testify during the trial.
"My attitude from the outset was that I was Mr Pistorius's therapist, and that I was not going to become involved in the merits of the case," she said.
During her cross-examination, the court heard that Steenkamp's father had suffered a stroke after her death, and her mother has repeatedly collapsed on the floor in tears, their lives shattered by the tragedy.
Prosecutor Gerrie Nel suggested Hartzenberg was biased in favour of Pistorius, pointing out that she once cried during the trial.
"I cried in court, I was emotional once when he was required to take off his prosthesis," she admitted.
'Oscar's remorsefulness'
Lawyer David Dadic - who is not involved in the case - said the defence will "heavily expand on their trial argument regarding Oscar's remorsefulness".
"The biggest factor, however, which the defence will raise is, of course, the fact that Oscar is a first time offender," he added.
In turn, the state will call witnesses to testify on why he should serve the stiffest penalty, raising the issue of his history of negligence with firearms.
After the sentence is handed down, both the state and defence can appeal, a legal process that could drag out for years.
In September, Judge Thokozile Masipa ruled the athlete did not knowingly shoot to kill the 29-year-old model and law graduate.
The sprinter admitted he fired four hollow point bullets through a locked toilet door in his upmarket Pretoria home in the early hours of Valentine's Day, but said he believed he had been shooting at a burglar.
Masipa's ruling outraged many South Africans, including lawyers who believed she misinterpreted the definition of murder, and questioned whether the justice system is failing the crime-plagued country.
Pistorius is currently out on bail of one million rand ($90,000).
He had to sell his posh house inside a gated compound in Pretoria, the scene of the crime, to fund the cost of the trial, and has withdrawn from competitive sport since his arrest.
The trial, which began on March 3, was broadcast live on television and radio, feeding insatiable local and international media interest.
The athlete cut a lonely figure in the dock, at some points sobbing and retching loudly while testifying.

Andhra  Odisha grapple with aftermath of Cyclone Hudhud; death toll mounts to 24Rescue operations were underway in Andhra Pradesh and Odisha on Monday after a severe cyclone pounded the eastern coast, leaving 24 people dead and a trail of destruction in its wake.
  
Tidal waves hit the Vizag beach as Cyclone Hudhud reaches Visakhapatnam. (PTI Photo)
Tidal waves hit Vizag beach as cyclone Hudhud reaches the port city of Visakhapatnam. (PTI Photo)
Fishermen negotiate their skiff through rough waves ahead of Cyclone Hudhud on Saturday. (AFP Photo)
People look at a sea tide at Vizag on Sunday. (PTI Photo)
A man carries his wife to safety after a wave hits a beach in Gopalpur in Ganjam district, Odisha. (Reuters)
A view of Visakhapatnam city due to Cyclone hudhud on Sunday. (Arun Sharma/HT Photo)
Huge waves hit the beach in Visakhapatnam on Sunday. (AFP Photo)
People move during rain in Berhampur near Gopalpur sea beach as cyclone Hudhud looms. (PTI photo)
NDRF jawans depart from their Mundali headquarters to the districts that could be hit by Cyclone Hudhud in Bhubaneswar on Friday. (PTI Photo)
Odisha Disaster Rapid Action Force (ODRAF) personnel who are to be deployed ahead of a new upcoming Cyclone Hudhud in Ganjam district, in Bhubaneswar. (Arabinda Mahapatra/HT photo)
Large waves buffet the coastline as Cyclone Hudhud makes landfall in Visakhapatnam. (AFP photo)
Residents of seaside village Satabhaya are rescued after their boat sank in Bausagali river in Odisha's Kendrapada district on Saturday. (Arabinda Mahapatra/ HT Photo)
A day after Cyclone Hudhud hit Visakhapatnam, the sun was out and there were no signs of Sunday’s fury when winds of up to 200 kilometres per hour and heavy rains lashed the port city.
Read: Finally, Indian weatherman draws respect
Authorities worked to restore communication lines, removing trees and electric poles and were trying to get air and train services back on track after strong winds damaged railroads and the airport.
People queued up at petrol pumps and outside ATMs and stores to buy essential commodities such as milk, candles and kerosene.
“We need at least 100 years to rebuild our beautiful city,” said a worker, cutting an uprooted tree outside the collectorate.
Relief teams were working round the clock to restore essential services by Tuesday, Visakhapatnam district collector N Yuvraj said.
The government is using Facebook, Twitter and WhatsApp to reach out to people.
Watch: Breathtaking photos of a man rescuing his wife in Odisha
Andhra Pradesh chief minister N Chandrababa Naidu, who has decided to camp in the city to oversee relief operations, said all possible support would be given to those affected.
“I like Visakhapatnam very much. It is painful to see the city in this condition,” he said after visiting some of the affected areas.
The death toll due to the devastating cyclonic storm in Andhra Pradesh climbed to 21. More than 1.35 lakh people taking shelter in relief camps.
"A total of 15 deaths were reported from Visakhapatnam district, five in Vizianagaram and one in Srikakulam," Special Commissioner in state disaster management department K Hymavathi told PTI.
PM visit on Tuesday
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will visit Visakhapatnam on Tuesday to take stock of the damage caused by the cyclone, whose intensity went to “severe” from “very severe” after wind speeds had dropped to 110 kmph by Sunday evening.
“Will visit Visakhapatnam tomorrow and take stock of the situation,” the Prime Minister tweeted.
Modi directed top central officials to ensure there were no bottlenecks in relief and rescue operations in Andhra Pradesh and Odisha as he took stock of the situation of the two cyclone-hit states on the eve of his visit to Vishakapatnam.
At the high-level meeting on the aftermath of Cyclone Hudhud, he also emphasised the need to document learnings from this cyclone, and to put in place more precise drills and disaster management plans involving all stakeholders, especially in areas which are prone to such disasters.
The defence ministry said four naval ships were ready to sail to the coast, carrying relief material for 5,000 people, and about 24 diving teams for relief operations.
Read: States must step up to tackle natural calamities
As many as five lakh people had taken shelter in relief camps, said chief secretary Parakala Prabhakar.
The ongoing India-West Indies one-day series was also affected with the Board for Control of Cricket in India calling off the fourth match that was to be played at Visakhapatnam on Tuesday.
No floods in Odisha
In neighbouring Odisha, where the cyclone was less severe, special relief commissioner PK Mohapatra said teams were working to clear the debris on the roads.
“Our advance teams cleared the roads within an hour. We evacuated more than 2.74 lakh people and by God’s grace, there is no increase in casualty,” Mohapatra said.
A state government report said Cyclone Hudhud damaged about 48,000 thatched houses, 600 electric poles, 24 transformers and 75 km of electric wires. The death toll remained static at three since Sunday.
Mohapatra said the state was expecting more rains in the next 24 hours although there would not be a flood-like situation.
Hudhud moves to Chhattisgarh
 
The intensity of cyclone Hudhud reduced as it moved to Chhattisgarh on Monday morning and has turned into a 'deep depression', MeT department said.
 
In the next six hours, its intensity will reduce further and it will turn into a 'depression' and bring rainfall in several parts of east India, it said.
 
"The 'deep depression' over south Chhattisgarh and neighbourhood moved northwards and lay centered 50km south of Raipur. It will move northwards for next 12 hours and then north-northeastwards.
 
"It will weaken into a depression during the next 6 hours and into a well-marked low pressure area during the subsequent 12 hours," an Indian Meteorological Department bulletin said.
(With inputs from agencies)

Global market dip offsets Falling crude pricesGlobal market dip offsets Falling crude prices
Fiat Chrysler s Wall Street debut greeted by investor cautionFiat Chrysler s Wall Street debut greeted by investor caution
Sept retail inflation cools to 6.46%Sept retail inflation cools to 6.46%
Car sales decline after posting growth for four months in rowCar sales decline after posting growth for four months in row
It s Modi vs the rest in Maharashtra pollsIt s Modi vs the rest in Maharashtra polls
Intensely fought campaign comes to an endIntensely fought campaign comes to an end
Tata Steel Q2 hot metal output up 4.87 pcTata Steel Q2 hot metal output up 4.87 pc
Fox Star bang on with marketing moves  festive releaseFox Star bang on with marketing moves  festive release
Reliance Industries may monetise part of US shale assetsReliance Industries may monetise part of US shale assets
Stocks Lower in Up-and-Down MarketStocks Lower in Up-and-Down Market
STAR keeps ICC broadcast rights  pays 80% moreSTAR keeps ICC broadcast rights, pays 80% more
Urvi Malvania | Mumbai Oct 14, 2014 12:44 AM IST
Rupert Murdoch's broadcast network STAR India will spend Rs 22,000 crore on cricket broadcast rights by 2023 after the latest audiovisual rights acquisition of the International Cricket Council (ICC).
The governing body for cricket globally awarded the audiovisual rights for events between 2015 and 2023 to STAR India (in India) and STAR Middle East (Middle East and Africa).
The network is the incumbent satellite broadcaster for ICC events, having won these in 2007 for the eight-year cycle up to 2015. The last tournament in the current cycle is the 2015 ICC World Cup. The renewed contract contains 18 tournaments, including two ICC Cricket World Cups (2019 and 2023), two ICC Champions Trophy tournaments (2017 and 2021) and two ICC World Twenty20 tournaments (2016 and 2020).
STAR India won the bid at $1.98 billion (Rs 11,880 crore) sources said, 80 per cent more than the previous cycle's $1.1 billion. The other bidders from India were Multi Screen Media, Zee Entertainment Enterprises' Ten Sports and Nimbus' Neo Sports.
Apart from the ICC, STAR India holds rights to the cricket boards of three countries: India (2012-18), England (2013-19) and Australia (2013-17). In addition, the network is shelling out Rs 203 crore for the sponsorship of Team India for the 2014-17 period. It has paid the Board of Control for Cricket In India (BCCI) Rs 26 crore for title sponsorship rights of India matches played between October 2013 and March 2014. The network has also invested in the Indian Premier League as an associate on-ground sponsor and is paying the BCCI Rs 100 crore over three years.
STAR's investment is despite its decision to focus on non-cricket sport as well. The network used to spend 90 per cent of its sport expenditure on cricket.
According to STAR India Chief Operating Officer Sanjay Gupta, the network's investment in cricket will now account for 70 per cent of its investment in sport every year. He said while sport like football and, most recent, kabaddi, were finding traction with audiences, cricket continued to account for 90 per cent of sport viewership in the country.  
Cricket provides an opportunity to make up to Rs 14-15 crore a day in sponsorship and advertising revenue.
The network has given kabaddi and football three to five years before the Pro Kabaddi League and Hero Indian Super League, respectively, break even.

For public health as political priorityUpdated: October 14, 2014 01:32 IST
For public health as political priority
Sujatha Rao
health
A systemic reform of the health sector in order to meet the key objectives of equity, efficiency and quality is long overdue. In this, the Central and State governments need to make interventions intelligently, decisively and strategically so that the poor reap the benefits
How does Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s focus on population, health and subjects like public hygiene, the facilitation of toilets and ensuring preventive health through yoga fit in with his party, the Bharatiya Janata Party’s manifesto; one which promises a National Health Assurance (NHA) mission, with its aim of providing cashless hospitalisation in order to reduce out-of-pocket expenses? Why do these concerns seem contradictory? Does pursuing one necessarily hurt the other? These are legitimate questions and concerns. This must be looked at in a global context where there is discussion on Universal Health Coverage (or National Health Assurance) widening inequity in the short and medium term.
In seeking the maximisation of the health and well-being of every individual, the NHA subsumes the essentiality of access to those elements that constitute the foundation of good health — tap water (where conveyance of contamination is reduced by 99 per cent), a toilet and sewerage system, environmental hygiene, nutrition and basic primary care — and in the process, reduce 90 per cent of all morbidities and a substantial proportion of mortality. Evidence of efforts in the United Kingdom to contain tuberculosis by ensuring better housing and nutrition, the successful eradication by India of guinea worm infestation using improved water systems, or eradicating polio through improved sanitation and universal immunisation are some useful reminders of the interconnectivity between disease and environment, and between public health and clinical science.
Addressing inter-State disparities
In India, public health has been severely neglected with about 44 per cent of the population having access to tap water and toilets, 42 per cent of children being malnourished and a majority of people being treated by quacks. Setting right these issues requires an expenditure of an estimated Rs.10.7 lakh crore (recurring and non-recurring) against which the 12th Plan has allocated Rs.3.8 lakh crore. The most challenging of these is in bridging inter-State disparities, with 70 per cent of this investment required by the northern States that have restricted fiscal space, three quarters of the disease burden (preventable with effective primary health care) and weak implementation capacity, making inadequate funding not the only constraint. For example, in Bihar, 2.5 per cent of its rural population has access to tap water, 23 per cent of its people to toilets and a battered primary care system. Should such a State then invest in providing these basic services or in buying expensive care from private hospitals through insurance? What are the moral and ethical imperatives that must guide State action?
The Andhra Pradesh experience
In this regard, a review of the impact of the Rajiv Aarogyasri Health Insurance Scheme (RAS) in former Andhra Pradesh is illustrative of how the State consciously chose to abandon primary care for universal coverage of a select set of tertiary and secondary care conditions.
In 2007, RAS, a State sponsored health insurance scheme (covering 85 per cent of the population, with sum assured of Rs.1.5 per family for cashless treatment in 486 hospitals involving 938 procedures) was launched to provide risk protection against catastrophic illnesses that “have the potential to wipe out a lifetime savings of poor families.” The justification was that there was effective demand for treatment for non-communicable and chronic diseases, low investment in public hospitals and a burgeoning private sector, unaffordable to most.
RAS was perceived to be a popular programme. But there is a thin line between perception and reality. Several commentators have critiqued it as having boosted the revenue streams of private corporate hospitals without necessarily reducing health expenditures or improving health outcomes.
Scaling-up the National Rural Health Mission’s efforts to revive the primary health-care system would be far cheaper and more sustainable than buying care from private hospitals.
While there are no systematic evaluations to assess the impact of RAS, a recently conducted household survey in Andhra Pradesh by Access International covering 8,623 households offers interesting insights. While it showed an overall reduction in out-of-pocket expenditure and increased hospitalisation, it had limited impact in reducing impoverishment or indebtedness among the two lowest quintile groups. For example, while per capita expenditures for inpatient treatment nearly trebled from Rs.391 in 2004 to Rs.1,083 (2012) for the poorest quintile, it was down to Rs.1,174 from Rs.1,819 for the fourth quintile group. Likewise, while the proportion of those incurring catastrophic expenditures more than doubled from 1.1 per cent to 2.8 per cent and 1.2 per cent to 3.4 per cent for the two lowest quintiles, the richer quintiles faced reductions. Such wide disparities are attributed to the concentration of half the accredited hospitals in seven districts (towns) resulting in an inequitable distribution of and gross deficiencies in the supply side, making access difficult and unaffordable for those residing in backward districts.
Impact on poor
Second, 49 per cent of reimbursement was for cardiac, cancer and kidney failure (38 per cent of patients or 0.5 per cent of population), while the two bottom quintiles suffered impoverishment, premature mortality and disability due to lower respiratory infections, diarrhoeal diseases, tuberculosis (TB), ischemic heart diseases and malaria — conditions eminently preventable and treatable with effective primary care.
Besides, partaking RAS benefits implies forced hospitalisation for outpatient care, increasing the risk of hospital acquired infections and higher indirect expenditures that the poor cannot bear.
Third, the primary health-care system that the earlier Telugu Desam Party government had accorded high priority to has all but collapsed. Among 19 major States, Andhra Pradesh incurred the lowest expenditure of Central grants (National Rural Health Mission and disease control programmes) as proportional to its total health spending during 2011; 16 per cent against 31 and 28 percentages by Maharashtra and Karnataka respectively and the only State to slash its primary care budgets from 53 per cent to 46 per cent and allocate just 9 per cent for secondary care down from 12 per cent during 2007-12. In comparison, RAS was provided 23 per cent of the health budget for less than 1 per cent of the population (not necessarily poor) or 11.3 per cent of total hospitalisation. In the absence of cost containment measures and generous pricing, costs are likely to escalate further, impinging on the fiscal space of the two new States of Telangana and Andhra Pradesh. RAS reimbursement rates, say for hysterectomy, laparoscopy, appendectomy or coronary bypass are higher when compared to other schemes in the country. Prices set through negotiations with private hospitals by committees without professionals — like chartered accountants, health economists or systematic unit costing methodologies — can only be arbitrary. Further, package rates provide scope for gaming the system. In the absence of standards to measure quality and regulations to control provider behaviour and fraud, perverse incentives are created, as reflected in unnecessary diagnostics, procedures and surgeries.
RAS was a bold initiative to address the problem of impoverishment that has been partially addressed. Contrary to Tamil Nadu, which witnessed a 10 per cent shift in institutional deliveries from private to public sector, the increase in Andhra Pradesh is in the private sector, resulting in huge borrowings. Access to social determinants and the substantial load of preventable diseases like diarrhoea, TB, sexually transmitted diseases and HIV, are bouncing back due to policy neglect and mismanagement and continue to be issues requiring attention.
Policy corrections
The Andhra Pradesh story shows that lessons need to be learnt in order to reboot health policy along a more sustainable path. Scaling-up the NRHM’s efforts to revive the primary health-care system; incentivising lifestyle changes; universalising access to social determinants; revamping and embedding the primary care system within the community; increasing investments in public sector hospitals, along with improving incentive structures, employing requisite staff and upgrading infrastructure would be far cheaper and more sustainable than buying care from private hospitals for services that are available in the public hospitals at a third of the price. Private care must supplement, not substitute public care. Finally, in order to ensure patient well-being and value for money, standard treatment protocols and guidelines need to be developed; costing of procedures undertaken, monitoring systems for quality such as rates of survival, hospital acquired infections and readmissions developed and regulations enforced alongside establishment of grievance redress systems, with fair compensation and penalties against malpractice.
A systemic reform of the health sector in order to achieve the three principal objectives of equity, efficiency and quality is long overdue. This will require skilful political management and stakeholder negotiations. Governments at the national and State levels need to give up rhetoric and knee-jerk responses as substitutes for real action. Instead, they need to make interventions intelligently, decisively and strategically to ensure that solving one problem does not give rise to another. They also need to stay focussed on doing the simple things right in the first instance so that disparities reduce and the poor reap the benefits in real terms.
(Sujatha Rao was Health Secretary in the Government of India.)

Future Group  Amazon India announce strategic e-commerce allianceFuture Group, Amazon India announce strategic e-commerce alliance
BS Reporter | New Delhi Oct 14, 2014 12:47 AM IST
From being dismissive about the potential of e-commerce in India to joining hands with the sector, leading 'brick and mortar' retailing entities seem to have had a change of thinking on the former.
Kishore Biyani's Future Group has made a tie-up with Amazon to sell its private labels in the fashion category. Last month, Tata Group’s Croma entered into an alliance with Snapdeal.
The tie-up of Amazon and Future comes right after Jeff Bezos, founder-head of the former, visited the country and met Biyani. The partnership will be extended to other categories over time. Future will use the Amazon platform to sell its private labels such as Lee Cooper, Converse, Indigo Nation, Scullers and Jealous21, among others. The company has a portfolio of about 40 brands.
AMAZING FUTURE?
Fashion and food will be the first of Future labels to be sold through Amazon
Future Group recently announced a tie-up with SAP company ‘hybris’ for its omni-channel strategy that allows the group to converge its digital and physical channels
Omni-channel strategy is set to go live after Diwali and is a retail strategy or extension of its physical stores
The strategy will work simultaneously along with retailing on e-commerce partner
As part of the omni-strategy, group’s electronics format, Ezone, is expected to go online first, followed by food chain Foodhall and hypermarket chain Big Bazaar
Amazon India's vice-president and country manager, Amit Agarwal, said the combination was a “win-win for all”. Biyani said it would help the retailer promote its own private labels.
ALSO READ:  DIPP to seek competition watchdog's views on discount sale by e-tailers
Last week, Biyani had criticised Flipkart and other e-commerce companies for the deep discounts offered in its Diwali-eve sales. Amazon did not follow the flash sale/discount policy of Flipkart and Snapdeal and went easy when it came to offering discounts during its Diwali sale.
The partnership between Snapdeal & Croma or Amazon and Future is not one between two retailers but of vendor and technology platforms offering technology and logistics services. This will help in the growth of new brands and private labels, said Arvind Singhal, chairman of Technopak, the management consultants.
However, even after entering into the Amazon partnership, Biyani was sceptical about the euphoria around e-commerce. “The mindspace they (e-commerce players) have occupied is far larger than their share of the market,” he'd said in a recent interaction with Business Standard.
Experts say the association of Future with Amazon is important. It establishes that leading brick and mortar retailers cannot be dismissive about e-commerce players, which have become a brand in the online space. Despite their own omni-channel strategy, an association with e-commerce players has become important because of the latter's logistics expertise and consumer reliance on the brand, said Singhal.
It is also a crucial step for Amazon, to grow into the much-sought fashion category. It currently lags Flipkart and Snapdeal in the assortment of products, number of sellers and brands, etc. Fashion is the focus category for most e-commerce companies because of its high margins and growing demand. Amazon, unlike Flipkart, Myntra or Jabong, does not have its own private labels in India.
The next category for partnership could be food. Amazon recently also entered the non-perishable foods category, offering ready-to-eats and like products online. Future has similar plans to expand into food brands. It is set to launch Sunkist, a beverage range, beside three new foods brands —Karmiq, So Fresh and Veg Affair.
“Each of these will have its own range. Veg Affair will be ready-to-eat frozen vegetables, including peas and carrots. Karmiq is for canola oil and other such products, as well as dry fruits,"Biyani recently told Business Standard.
Future operates some of India’s most popular retail chains, including Central, Big Bazaar, Foodhall, Planet Sports, Brand Factory, Home Town and eZone. The group operates around 17 million sq ft of retail space in  98 cities and towns, and 40 rural locations.
Its retail formats attract about 300 million customers annually and connect them to around 30,000 small, medium and large enterprises. Amazon started its e-commerce operations in 2013 and is a leading contender for the top position in India's growing e-commerce market.

Caste  clan and compromiseUpdated: October 13, 2014 00:12 IST
Caste, clan and compromise
state politics
For the Bharatiya Janata Party, the stakes in this week’s Assembly elections in Haryana are considerably lower than in the case of Maharashtra. Haryana is smaller both in terms of size and population, and by way of resources and revenue. And, the risks in a strategy of fighting the elections without a major ally are conceivably lower too. Unlike in Maharashtra, the BJP does not have to compete with a former ally for the same ideological space. While the break with its long-time ally, the Shiv Sena, in Maharashtra is certain to leave festering wounds that might not heal quickly, the end of the alliance with the Haryana Janhit Congress is of no great political import. The alliance in Haryana was more opportunistic in nature, forged as it was on the basis of vote-bank arithmetic than on the strength of a common, long-term ideological vision or political programme. The challenge for the BJP now is to build on its Lok Sabha success — when it projected itself as a viable alternative to the Congress at the national level — and emerge ahead of the others in an election fought more on local issues, caste affinities, and clan loyalties. Until now, the BJP had been content to ally with regional parties that traced their ideological roots to the Congress, such as the Indian National Lok Dal, the Haryana Vikas Party and the Haryana Janhit Congress. For the first time, the saffron party, boosted by its successes in the Lok Sabha election, seems to be in a position to make a strong pitch for power on its own in Haryana.
The politics of religion might not work in Haryana, but the BJP is banking not on the appeal of its Hindutva ideology but on the failure of the politics of caste and clan that seems to drive the INLD, the HJC and the Haryana Jan Chetna Party. Given the fragmented nature of the Haryana polity, where regional satraps hold sway in their own geographical fiefdoms, the BJP might have to factor in a situation where it falls short of a majority in the 90-member Assembly. Unlike in a Lok Sabha election, in the lower democratic tiers, caste and clan could play a more decisive role. The saffron party cannot afford to be as averse to a post-poll tie-up as it was to a pre-poll alliance with the HJC. The go-it-alone strategy that the BJP adopted in Maharashtra and Haryana is part of its long-term ambition to make greater inroads in States where it had been dependent on allies so far. But after the elections, if the results so require, the party might be more than willing to make the necessary compromises in the interests of immediate power. With the Congress still in disarray, and INLD chief Om Prakash Chautala back in jail to serve the remainder of his sentence in a corruption case, the BJP might be the biggest beneficiary in the first-past-the-post electoral system.

All that you need to know about EbolaEbola: Everything You Need To Know In 94 Seconds
by BuzzFeed 1:36 mins
How much do you think you know about Ebola?
Link

Hudhud: AP  Odisha mount massive relief efforts  death toll rises to 24Andhra Pradesh
(Hudhud moved from coastal…)
VISAKHAPATNAM/BHUBANESHWAR: Andhra Pradesh and Odisha today mounted massive relief efforts on a war footing to restore communication and power links and clear roads that were battered in the powerful cyclone Hudhud in which the death toll rose to 24.
The worst hit port city of Visakhapatnam, home to a major naval base, resembled a war zone as tens of thousands of people in several districts were rendered homeless and over seven lakh people including five lakh people in AP evacuated and put up in relief camps.
As authorities grappled with fixing the badly smashed infrastructure in nearly a dozen districts, including Vishakapatnam which is home to two million people, Prime Minister Narendra Modi announced that he will visit Visakhapatnam tomorrow.
"A total of 15 deaths were reported from Visakhapatnam district, five in Vizianagaram and one in Srikakulam," Special Commissioner in AP Disaster Management Authority, K Hymavathi told PTI, as authorities assessed the extent of loss to human lives. Three people had died in cyclone-related incidents in Odisha where no fresh deaths were reported.
The Centre, however, put the combined death toll at 17. "A total of 17 people have lost their lives--14 in Andhra Pradesh and 3 in Odisha," a Union Ministry of Home Affairs statement said in Delhi.
Advisor (Communications) to AP Government, Parakala Prabhakar said most of the deaths occurred due to falling of trees on the victims.
Authorities in AP said yesterday the storm had claimed five lives as torrential rains and gale force winds packing a speed of nearly 200 kmph pounded Visakhapatnam, Vizianagaram and Srikakulam districts.
The cyclone had moved from coastal AP to Odisha, where it damaged about 50,000 thatched houses, power network and roads, before heading to Chhattisgarh and weakening into a "deep depression".
Besides Visakhapatnam, the other north coastal Andhra districts of Srikakulam, Vizianagaram and East Godavari have suffered widespread damage. Odisha's Gajapati, Koraput, Malkangiri and Rayagada were the worst affected out of the eight districts hit by the cyclone.
The Centre was also keeping a close watch on the situation.
The Visakhapatnam airport also bore the brunt of the cyclone fury with the roof over a portion being blown away due to the gales.
Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu, who has decided to camp in Visakhapatnam to oversee the relief operations, said in Rajahmundry that the government's priority is to restore access to affected villages, establish communication networks and take care of those provided shelter.
"There has been extensive damage to houses and electrical infrastructure due to the cyclone which passed the state late last night," Naidu's Odisha counterpart Naveen Patnaik told reporters in Bhubaneshwar.
Restoration work is being done on a "war footing", he added.
Naidu also undertook an aerial survey of the affected areas today.
An alert for heavy to very heavy rainfall has also been sounded in the four north coastal districts Andhra
districts and in several parts of Odisha.
  Gusty winds and heavy rains have ravaged the picturesque port city of Visakhapatnam, where the cyclone made landfall yesterday, with uprooted trees, knocked down cell towers, transformers, hoardings and telephone poles blocking roads.
Communication systems and electricity supply have snapped in the city since Saturday night and people at many places depended on the radio to know the cyclone updates.
People in the port city, who were confined to their homes since Saturday night, ventured out today after rains stopped.
"There is no power, no water or food. We are not getting petrol. We cannot move on the roads. It is difficult to survive a single day here," said a resident.
Most of the petrol pumps were closed due to the damage caused by the cyclone and those which had opened today, saw people queueing up in large numbers. Residents complained that vegetables and other food items were in short supply and their prices have shot up.
Authorities have begun efforts to remove the debris and to restore normalcy in Visakhapatnam.
As many as five lakh people are being provided shelter in relief camps, Parakala Prabhakar, Advisor (Communications) to the AP government, told reporters in Hyderabad.
The state government has appointed five teams of senior IAS officials to supervise the relief operations and to restore communication and other systems.
Odisha Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik said a total of 2,33,271 people were evacuated to safe places and are now housed in 2,029 shelter homes.
The state has also sent 30 teams of fire service personnel to Andhra Pradesh with machinery to clear roads and for tree cutting, an official said.
"The affected people may leave for their homes once the intensity of the cyclone decreases considerably though mild rain may occur at some places," Odisha's special relief commissioner (SRC) P K Mohapatra said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Four Nobel-winning insights that matter for the Indian economyFour Nobel-winning insights that matter for the Indian economy
Mihir S Sharma |  Oct 14, 2014 12:30 AM IST
Jean Tirole, theorist of industrial organisation, incomplete contracts, and a lot else besides, has just won the Nobel Prize for economics. Usually, his insights show how real-world incentives are complicated, and contracts can be difficult to write and enforce. Much of his work is very relevant to India; here are just four such insights gleaned from his 35-year career.
 
PPPs, renegotiation and “incomplete contracts”
 
The Nobel work: From the early 1980s onward, Tirole – with a succession of co-authors – demonstrated the danger of writing contracts that could be easily renegotiated. Standard economics assumes that any contract can easily predict all future states of the world, and that possible payoffs are clear to both contracting sides. This assumption is easily violated in practice. Under such circumstances, cost overruns, for example, should very rarely occur in procurement contracts, or in public-private partnerships. Tirole’s work shows that “systematic unforeseeen cost overruns” are a possibility.
 
The India application: In India, private-public partnerships have been plagued by cost and time overruns. Tirole’s papers provide a basis for estimating exactly how this happens over and over again. In many cases, it demonstrates quite clearly the dangers of renegotiation of a settled contract. This is not just unjust to the other firms that have bid, if the contract is handed out in an auction setting. If in general renegotiation is a possible, Tirole’s work shows, then a climate in which renegotiation is inevitable will emerge – and so will cost overruns.
In later work, Tirole argues for an independent evaluation of all PPP contracts before they are signed, to prevent collusion between companies and bureaucrats. PPPs that are “unbundled” – in which development and operations are handled by separate contractors – are far less likely to lead to large-scale corruption. He also shows that firms use the threat of quitting a project to blackmail public parners into submission; if the government gives in, then a perverse incentive is created. Above all, Tirole shows that the simpler it is to write contracts and predict the future, and the more transparent the institutional structure, the fairer and more implementable contracts will be.
 
“Efficient access pricing”
The Nobel work: One of the central problems of a modern economy is how to open up networks – such as telecom or power networks – to competition and new companies. Tirole showed that new entrant companies who were given access to the expensive networks built up by incumbents would indulge in “cream-skimming” – work to wean away only the incumbents’ most lucrative customers. As the Nobel committee says:  “Giving the incumbent the responsibility for covering the fixed cost of the network all by itself, and letting entrants free-ride by paying very low marginal-cost access prices, would inefficiently distort consumer choices towards the entrant.”
The India application: In India, problematic power supply is often cited as a major constraint for industrialisation. “Open access” to electricity has been promised for over a decade. This means that factories, for example, should be able to make contracts to have power supplied to them by companies other than their local state-controlled electricity utilities – but over the networks set up by the state electricity boards. There have been many complaints that “wheeling” or transmission charges have been charged by local electricity boards. Tirole’s work explains why such fees are charged – but it also provides guides and models to determine whether such charges are excessive.
 
Accountability and “multiple objectives”
 
The Nobel work: To what degree can government bureaucrats – or company managers – be trusted? What sorts of tasks will allow for greater accountability? Tirole and his co-authors have written a series of papers that have made major insights into these and related questions. In particular, when agencies or bureaucrats or executives have multiple missions, then they show mathematically that they are likely to be given less autonomy. When they have “fuzzy” missions – in other words, their job is too complex to be easily understood – then they are even less trusted.
 
The India application: Agencies like, say, the Reserve Bank of India, will find their independence easier to preserve if they commit to a single, monitorable target such as the consumer price index. Managers, too, will find themselves more free if just judged on the profits they make. However, consider Tirole’s own insight: “Incentives that are related to an easily measured objective (for example, the cost per student for a university, which can be easily reduced by teaching large numbers of students in large lecture halls) can cause one to ignore equally important objectives that one has neglected to measure (such as the quality of teaching or research).” Approaches such as India’s to financing and regulating education have typically ignored this insight.
 
Corruption and regulation
 
The Nobel work: Much of Tirole’s work has focused on how regulators and bureaucrats can be led into corruption. In one early paper, he showed that interest groups were actually more politically powerful when they benefited from inefficient regulation. If two groups were equally willing to bribe officials, but one bribed them towards efficiency and the other towards inefficiency, the latter would wind up with more influence. In another paper, he examined how companies could suffer long-term effects from a single failure in quality – a logic he extended to the effects on bureaucracies of a short period in which corruption happened to increase. A bureaucracy only had to give into corruption once – after that, corruption would become entrenched, and lack of trust endemic.
 
The India application: Tirole found that anti-corruption campaigns simply don’t work – they just encourage bureaucrats to postpone corruption till attention is elsewhere. Counter-intuitively, an amnesty for past corruption might actually help clean up bureaucracies. To reduce the threat of regulatory capture by business, the best thing for governments is to “reduce the stakes that interest groups have in regulation” – in other words, to ensure that the payoffs to even good firms from favourable regulatory decisions are small. More market, less regulation – counter to the popular conclusion that Tirole’s work argues for more regulation of big business.

All aboard! Railroad stocks soarAll markets and investing news all the time
All aboard! Railroad stocks soar on takeover talk
By Paul R. La Monica October 13, 2014: 1:16 PM ET
Investors are trying to figure out what a possible CP-CSX deal would mean for the rest of the railroad industry.
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Paul R. La Monica. Other than Time Warner, the parent of CNNMoney, Abbott Laboratories and AbbVie, La Monica does not own positions in any individual stocks.
Shares of big U.S. railroad CSX (CSX) surged as much as 10% Monday after the Wall Street Journal reported that Canadian Pacific (CP) offered to buy it.
According to the report, CSX turned down the takeover overture. But that didn't matter to Wall Street (and Bay Street up north.) Shares of CP were higher Monday as well.
In fact, the mere thought of a big railroad merger led investors to speculate about who else could get a buyout bid.
Shares of Norfolk Southern (NSC) and Kansas City Southern (KSU) were both up more than 3%. It looks like the market's theme song for today is "Train Kept A Rollin'." (No offense to Aerosmith fans ... or those who would prefer a video for "C'Mon Ride It (The Train)" by the Quad City DJ's -- but I have to go with the version by The Yardbirds.)
Meanwhile, shares of CP rival Canadian National Railway (CNI) were down a bit, as were shares of Union Pacific (UNP) .
It seems that investors are betting that if CSX does wind up getting bought, Norfolk Southern or Kansas City Southern could be next -- and that Union Pacific or Canadian National could be potential buyers.
Another beneficiary of this train ride? Warren Buffett. Berkshire Hathaway (BRKA) (BRKB) is the parent company of big U.S. railroad Burlington Northern Santa Fe. Berkshire shares were also trading higher on Monday.
Related: Buffett's Berkshire stock tops $200,000 a share
Buffett famously called the BSNF deal an "all-in wager" on the U.S. economy. Will the Oracle of Omaha push his significant stack of chips to the table again?
Probably not. Wall Street may be getting ahead of itself. The odds of a deal (or deals) happening anytime soon seem remote, according to Cowen & Company analyst Jason Seidl.
Seidl wrote in a report Monday that shippers are "disenchanted" with the railroad industry due to problems with service and capacity. Seidl cited a survey of shippers by Cowen that showed 70% of them are opposed to a major railroad merger.
Regulators probably won't be too thrilled either. Seidl notes that the number of major railroads has already shrunk from 40 to 7 since 1980.
Investors might be hoping that CP will continue to put pressure on CSX, however. And that argument does make some sense. CP's second-largest shareholder is Pershing Square Capital Management, the activist hedge fund run by Bill Ackman. But Ackman would likely have to make an investment in CSX for his voice to truly matter.
Consolidation in the railroad industry may very well happen one day. Kansas City Southern in particular has long been considered a logical takeover target because of its Mexican railroad business.
There still is no true transcontinental railroad. And with shale gas and oil increasingly becoming a more lucrative product for the railroads to transport as coal shipments decline, the chance to own a railroad that spans from East to West and from Canada to Mexico is obviously appealing.
In fact, the railroad industry's ties to the U.S. energy industry is one big reason why railroad stocks -- and the Dow Jones Transportation Average (DJT) -- have outperformed the market this year.
But investors piling into the stocks on Monday hoping for some big mergers may be making the wrong bet.

Ajai Shukla: India s crown of thornsAjai Shukla: Why repealing AFSPA in J&K is the smartest move for India
Ajai Shukla |  Oct 13, 2014 09:50 PM IST
Jammu & Kashmir (J&K) remains in the news, mostly for negative reasons - the devastating flood and its aftermath; ceasefire violations on the border; and for what is shaping up to be a communally polarised election. With New Delhi failing to engage Srinagar meaningfully, resentful Kashmiris have dismissed its flood rescue effort as a self-serving gimmick, and blamed Indian bull-headedness for ceasefire violations. The forthcoming elections - which New Delhi likes to hold up as Kashmir's acceptance of democratic India - will be dissed by Kashmiris as an Indian ploy.
If Prime Minister Modi is to drain the Kashmiri ulcer, he cannot be deterred by the strident, pro-azadi rhetoric, which reflects just one side of the Kashmiri brain. Instead, he must reach out to the other side, launching a serious initiative to convince Kashmiris that their future lies with India. New Delhi's shabby practice for winning Kashmiri hearts has traditionally been to throw money at the valley through leaky schemes that benefits only the venal political-contractor lobby that is India's constituency in the valley. Most Kashmiris find this practice deeply offensive, yearning as they do for political solutions to the 25-year-old armed uprising and the six-decade-long political struggle.
Mr Modi must, therefore, reach out to the valley with eye-catching political concessions. The obvious, low-hanging fruit waiting to be plucked is the Jammu & Kashmir Armed Forces (Special Powers) Act, 1990 (AFSPA), the emergency law that legally empowers the army to search, apprehend, destroy property and shoot to kill on suspicion. The generals insist they need the protection of AFSPA in an environment in which militancy has taken control of the judiciary. In 2011, when J&K chief minister, Omar Abdullah, proposed revoking AFSPA in the districts of Srinagar, Budgam, Jammu and Samba, the army's top commander in the valley, Lieutenant General Syed Ata Hasnain - an officer acclaimed for his outreach - flatly rejected the idea as premature.
Hasnain offered a comprehensive rationale for retaining AFSPA. He argued that the peace of 2011, coming after three straight years of mass street agitations across Kashmir, was a separatist strategy to rest, regroup and recruit; before resuming the agitation in 2012. Declaring that Kashmir presented not just a law and order problem but also an existential threat to India, Hasnain said the army's road lifelines to its defences on the Line of Control pass through Srinagar and Badgam. He pointed out that the air approaches to Srinagar airfield, used by civilian airliners and military aircraft, needed to be secured by the army, as did the Srinagar cantonment, from where war with Pakistan would be directed. Underlying the army's reluctance to forego AFSPA is the conviction that, once lifted, its reintroduction would be politically impossible, even in a crisis. Neither the central, nor state, governments have reassured the army on this account.
The army steadfastly rejects the proposal to withdraw AFSPA from Srinagar and Badgam, even though the J&K Police and the Central Reserve Police Force protect these districts, neither of which are covered by AFSPA. The generals argue that police and CRPF protection is just one layer of security. As important for keeping these districts safe are "area domination" operations by army columns to keep militants at bay. These operations, says the army, must be covered by AFSPA.
So far the army's apprehensions have proved to be unfounded. The years since 2011 have gone by without renewed street protests. Now a new spectre has been raised - the army says the Nato drawdown from Afghanistan at the end of this year could bring jihadi hordes flooding into Kashmir. Next year the bogey could be The Islamic State. One Kashmiri has asked me whether complete, global peace is a pre-requisite for lifting AFSPA and restoring normalcy in Kashmir.
Thinking strategically, rather than merely tactically or operationally, it is hard to dispute that AFSPA has emerged as a potent symbol of oppression, the disadvantages of which transcend any protection that it might once have provided the military. The army understands that, in battle, when a defensive position is under overwhelming attack, it is time to withdraw to a fall-back position. Yet the generals have not translated that battlefield common sense to an identical situation on the psychological and perceptual plane. Defending AFSPA is simply too damaging for the army's own image. It is time to fall back to the next position, by devising operating procedures that do not require the protection of this draconian law.
Criticism of AFSPA, which resonates worldwide, is embarrassing for New Delhi. In 2005, the Jeevan Reddy Committee, established to review AFSPA, termed it "a symbol of oppression, an object of hate and an instrument of discrimination and high-handedness". In 2013, the Justice J S Verma Committee, which was set up to examine criminal law relating to sexual assault, sharply criticised AFSPA and recommended its immediate repeal. Last year, the Justice Santosh Hegde Commission, mandated to examine extrajudicial executions in Manipur, noted that AFSPA had made "a mockery of the law". International criticism has been as sharp with several UN special rapporteurs, and international human rights bodies urging New Delhi to repeal the law.
Repealing this law is essential for enhancing India's moral stature and that of the army. It would substantially defang the criticism of human rights groups and that of Kashmiri separatists. Finally, it would send out an unmistakeable signal that New Delhi is ready for a political dialogue with Kashmir, a prerequisite for restoring normalcy to that troubled state.
Twitter: @ajaishukla

Ravi Bhoothalingam: India misses a short cut to vikasRavi Bhoothalingam: India misses a short cut to vikas
Ravi Bhoothalingam |  Oct 13, 2014 09:48 PM IST
What is remarkable in the joint statement released after the visit of China's President Xi Jinping last month is what it did not contain rather than what it did. There was no mention at all of the Maritime Silk Route (MSR) - an idea floated by President Xi himself during a tour of Southeast Asia in October 2013 and strongly advocated since then (along with a spate of other overland "Silk Routes") by the Chinese government. Presumably, Xi's overtures received a tepid response. So, how should India view the MSR in the light of our own national interest?
There is a sense of dejà vu here. When the "Kunming Initiative" was mooted by China in 1999, India's reaction was unenthusiastic. It was only in 2013 that India agreed to participate in a multilateral "study" of the Bangladesh-China-India-Myanmar Economic Corridor (BCIM-EC). And while the BCIM-EC does find a place in the Modi-Xi joint statement, the phraseology is noticeably lukewarm.
China's policy of economic outreach is very clear. Whether it is the BCIM, the Greater Mekong Sub-regional programme, the Silk Road Economic Belt spanning China's West and Central Asia, the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor, or now the MSR, the name of the game is multi-modal connectivity with its extended neighbourhood. The economic logic is based on the observation that no country in modern times has achieved sustained development without increasing its share in world trade and investment. And connectivity provides the channel to do so.
Spreading its overseas investment also improves China's risk-return equation, compared to the now dismal returns on US Treasury bonds. It also generates orders for China's capital goods companies, many with large surplus capacities after years of over-investment. These are all elements of China's plan to achieve the "Chinese dream" of "a moderate level of prosperity" for her people by 2020.
Since our new government has articulated "vikas" (development) as its goal, India should welcome any connectivity initiatives that could extend our own economic outreach. We see ample evidence of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (Asean) countries putting this model into practice through their integration into the production, investment and supply chains of China, Japan and East Asia to their lasting benefit.
But there is an underlying fear of a Chinese design to use the MSR to draw India (and others) into a sphere where China's writ will hold. Such realist geo-political reasoning does not fully comprehend the complex and interdependent nature of global business and modern geo-economics.
Whoever wields greater economic power does not always wield the greater clout. In the corporate world, for example, minority partners can wield strong influence over - or even control - a company with a small shareholding, if they add exceptional value by way of management, access to markets or intellectual property. A long-term view of business, where all stakeholders prosper, is a better bet than a tactical "winner-takes-all" game. So, if the MSR is crafted as a tide that lifts all boats and meets India's aspirations towards vikas, should ill-defined "security" concerns blunt the growth impact of the connectivity corridors? The worst security threat, after all, is a restless population that sees its modest aspirations for a better life receding into a distant horizon.
India's aim, therefore, in the MSR, as in the other corridors, must be to actively participate to ensure that the financial, investment, trade, dispute-resolution and governance mechanisms that will frame the rules of the game, are constructed on the basis of fairness, transparency and equity. The recently-announced BRICS Development Bank is an example. Shareholding patterns are equal among the partners. The first President of the bank is to be an Indian. India can, thus, seek to play an active role in how the Bank will work. The proposed Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank is another opportunity to access low-cost funds. Even if shareholding patterns are not equal, as long as the institutional arrangements are generally equitable in terms of powers, benefits and safeguards, a going concern can operate on a shared vision and mutual benefit.
To make the most of this refreshed Sino-Indian engagement, India's own economy needs to be revitalised and strengthened across many dimensions. That, now, is a separate story.
The writer is an Independent Director on corporate boards and an Honorary Fellow of the Institute of Chinese Studies, Delhi

Paul Krugman: Righteousness killed the economyPaul Krugman: Righteousness killed the economy
Paul Krugman |  Oct 13, 2014 09:44 PM IST
Stop me if you've heard this before: The world economy appears to be stumbling. For a while, things seemed to be looking up, and there was talk about green shoots of recovery. But now growth is stalling, and the spectre of deflation looms.
If this story sounds familiar, it should; it has played out repeatedly since 2008. As in previous episodes, the worst news is coming from Europe, but this time there is also a clear slowdown in emerging markets - and there are even warning signs in the United States, despite pretty good job growth at the moment.
Why does this keep happening? After all, the events that brought on the Great Recession - the housing bust, the banking crisis - took place a long time ago. Why can't we escape their legacy?
The proximate answer lies in a series of policy mistakes: Austerity when economies needed stimulus, paranoia about inflation when the real risk is deflation, and so on. But why do governments keep making these mistakes? In particular, why do they keep making the same mistakes, year after year?
The answer, I'd suggest, is an excess of virtue. Righteousness is killing the world economy.
What, after all, is our fundamental economic problem? A simplified but broadly correct account of what went wrong goes like this: In the years leading up to the Great Recession, we had an explosion of credit (mainly to the private sector). Old notions of prudence, for both lenders and borrowers, were cast aside; debt levels that would once have been considered deeply unsound became the norm.
Then the music stopped, the money stopped flowing, and everyone began trying to "deleverage," to reduce the level of debt. For each individual, this was prudent. But my spending is your income and your spending is my income, so when everyone tries to pay down debt at the same time, you get a depressed economy.
So what can be done? Historically, the solution to high levels of debt has often involved writing off and forgiving much of that debt. Sometimes this happens explicitly: In the 1930s Franklin D Roosevelt helped borrowers refinance with much cheaper mortgages, while in this crisis Iceland is outright cancelling a significant part of the debt households ran up during the bubble years. More often, debt relief takes place implicitly, through "financial repression": Government policies hold interest rates down, while inflation erodes the real value of debt.
What's striking about the past few years, however, is how little debt relief has actually taken place. Yes, there's Iceland - but it's tiny. Yes, Greek creditors took a significant "haircut" - but Greece is still a small player (and still hopelessly in debt). In major economies, very few debtors have received a break. And far from being inflated away, the burden of debt has been aggravated by falling inflation, which is running well below target in America and near zero in Europe.
Why are debtors receiving so little relief? As I said, it's about righteousness - the sense that any kind of debt forgiveness would involve rewarding bad behaviour. In America, the famous Rick Santelli rant that gave birth to the Tea Party wasn't about taxes or spending - it was a furious denunciation of proposals to help troubled homeowners. In Europe, austerity policies have been driven less by economic analysis than by Germany's moral indignation over the notion that irresponsible borrowers might not face the full consequences of their actions.
So the policy response to a crisis of excessive debt has, in effect, been a demand that debtors pay off their debts in full. What does history say about that strategy? That's easy: It doesn't work. Whatever progress debtors make through suffering and saving is more than offset through depression and deflation. That is, for example, what happened to Britain after World War I, when it tried to pay off its debt with huge budget surpluses while returning to the gold standard: Despite years of sacrifice, it made almost no progress in bringing down the ratio of debt to GDP.
And that's what is happening now. A recent comprehensive report on debt is titled "Deleveraging, what deleveraging?"; despite private cutbacks and public austerity, debt levels are rising thanks to poor economic performance. And we are arguably no closer to escaping our debt trap than we were five years ago.
But it has been very hard to get either the policy elite or the public to understand that sometimes debt relief is in everyone's interest. Instead, the response to poor economic performance has essentially been that the beatings will continue until morale improves.
Maybe, just maybe, bad news - say, a recession in Germany - will finally bring an end to this destructive reign of virtue. But don't count on it.
©2014 The New York Times

Another triple-digit drop for Dow ahead of earningsMonday, 13 Oct 2014 |  4:08  PM ET
CNBC.com
Pisani: Ebola 'X' factor
Mike Lear, Athena Capital Advisors and CNBC's Bob Pisani dissect today's trading sentiment.
U.S. stocks on Monday fell for a third session, with the S&P 500 closing below its 200-day moving average and the Nasdaq Composite off 8.6 percent from its September record, as investors awaited earnings and fretted signs of a slowing global economy.
"I haven't seen one bit of news, but we've had another failed late-day rally; everyone has been staring at their screens at the 1,905 level. Once you get past 3 o'clock and you can't stay above it, we've now officially broken what's considered an important technical level for the first time since November 2012," said Peter Boockvar, chief market analyst at the Lindsey Group.
"That's what has brought out the panic," Boockvar added of the market's rapid descent, which had benchmark indexes spiraling downward as the end of the session approached.
"There is a huge question mark about what does growth look like. The U.S. was the best house in a bad neighborhood, but we didn't realize the neighborhood might have been deteriorating faster than we realized. Europe is a big question mark, and China seems happy with its lower growth rate," said Kim Forrest, senior equity analyst at Fort Pitt Capital.
During the weekend, Federal Reserve officials said the central bank might move more slowly on raising interest rates if weak growth overseas threatens the U.S. recovery.
CSX rallied as the rail operator declined to comment on a Wall Street Journal report that it's been approached by Canadian Pacific Railway about a possible merger. J.C. Penney surged after naming Home Depot executive Marvin Ellison as president of the department-store chain, with plans for him to take the helm as chief executive officer in 2015.
The CBOE Volatility Index, a measure of investor uncertainty, surged 16 percent to 24.64, its highest close since June 2012.
While hitting its highest level in more than a year, the VIX is "not at a crazy worry we're going into a bear market by any stretch," said Randy Frederick, managing director of trading and derivatives at Charles Schwab.
Symbol

Indian employers see overseas graduates as more job-ready: Rob Lynes  British CouncilIndian employers see overseas graduates as more job-ready: Rob Lynes  British Council
Blow to DLF: Realty firm  six top executives barred from capital markets for 3 yrsBlow to DLF: Realty firm  six top executives barred from capital markets for 3 yrs
Tatas launch platform to sell homes onlineTatas launch platform to sell homes online
Rakhi Birla claims she was attacked by a BJP councillorRakhi Birla claims she was attacked by a BJP councillor
Andhra picks up the pieces after Hudhud destructionAndhra picks up the pieces after Hudhud destruction
Who is Kimsuk Krishna SinhaWho is Kimsuk Krishna Sinha?
Sudipto Dey & N Sundaresha Subramanian | New Delhi Oct 14, 2014 12:43 AM IST
A complaint by Kimsuk Krishna Sinha, KK Sinha to friends, has brought DLF, India's largest realty firm, to its knees.
Finding the company guilty of "active and deliberate suppression" of material information at the time of its public issue, the Securities and Exchange Board of India on Monday barred DLF and six of its executives, including Chairman K P Singh, from accessing the capital market for three years.
According to corporate affairs ministry data, Sinha is a director in two companies - Gobinda Tea Trading and Kriti Infrastructures. He speaks fluent Bengali, which he possibly learnt while in Darjeeling, where he is said to own tea estates.
Sinha, who will turn 50 this December, speaks softly but with conviction. The legal acumen he picked from his father, a former Supreme Court lawyer, seems to have helped him in his long fight against the realty behemoth. His late mother was a British national.
When contacted by phone, city-based Sinha, declined to comment, directing the queries to his attorney, Rajneesh Chopra. Chopra, managing partner at C&C Associates, said, "It has been a long and arduous journey. My client, K K Sinha, is delighted with the outcome in the case. Truth has prevailed."
Associates said Sinha enjoyed trading in the stock market and had also dabbled in real estate. A piece of land he was involved with in Gurgaon led to association with DLF. The land was owned by a third party. Chopra said Sinha was negotiating with the third party and had entered into an agreement to buy the property, when DLF expressed interest in it.
Following negotiations, the original owner, Sinha and DLF entered into a tripartite agreement to develop the property. The title of the land was transferred to Sudipti Estates, a DLF entity. Sinha and the original owner were paid their considerations.
Trouble brewed at the second stage of the transaction, when the consideration amount was ploughed back into the company to buy and co-develop an adjoining property. Disputes arose over a sum of Rs 31 crore, which led to a series of complaints and court cases.
Though the realty company is likely to move appeals against the order, it is unlikely Sinha will give up without a fight.

DIPP to seek competition watchdog s views on discount sale by e-tailersDIPP to seek competition watchdog's views on discount sale by e-tailers
Nivedita Mookerji | New Delhi Oct 14, 2014 12:45 AM IST
The online-offline battle in retail, triggered by the recent one-day sale on Flipkart, has now reached the doors of the Competition Commission of India (CCI). Even as there has been no complaint so far from any company, the Department of Industrial Policy & Promotion (DIPP) is learnt to be in the process of sending a reference to the CCI on price undercutting by e-commerce companies, seeking its views.
CCI, yet to receive any letter from the DIPP, has meanwhile begun a preliminary enquiry into the allegations of deep discounts offered by e-commerce websites. The companies concerned could be contacted if there's any need for additional information on prices and quantum of sales etc, an official said.
The CCI would launch a formal investigation into the matter only if there's a complaint against the same. Predatory pricing and dominance of firms must be established to proceed against the e-commerce firms. "In the case of Flipkart, it's only a one-day sale, and that is unlikely to be interpreted as predatory pricing," a CCI official pointed out. Another issue that needs to be ascertained is whether the entire retail sector should be considered or just the e-commerce segment, to determine market monopoly.
While commerce and industry minister Nirmala Sitharaman has already indicated that policy issues might be clarified for the e-commerce sector, there is a lack of clarity on which ministry will deal with the core issues related to this area, a source said.
While the DIPP is meant to look at foreign direct investment (FDI) matters, the consumer affairs ministry should be the nodal point for several other matters related to retail.
Ever since the Big Billion Day sale on Flipkart on October 6, the company has been facing government scrutiny, following complaints from traders over undercutting prices and adversely affecting competition.
The e-commerce sector, pegged at about Rs 18,000 crore, has been growing at a rapid pace and is expected to touch Rs 50,000 crore by 2016. Although foreign investment is not permitted in e-commerce, the sector has taken advantage of the regulatory silence on marketplace (a format of hosting retailers on a technology platform) to attract FDI. Even international e-commerce leaders such as Amazon and eBay have used the marketplace route to enter India.
The scrutiny on Flipkart, and perhaps some other e-commerce players, has been triggered by traders who are prominent in brick-and-mortar retailing. Future Group CEO Kishore Biyani had attacked e-commerce players for selling products below manufacturing prices. The undercutting of prices was meant to destroy competition, Biyani said. On Monday, the Future group entered a strategic tie-up with Amazon to sell its private labels (its own products) on the American company's website.
In the past, the CCI could not proceed in a similar case related to e-commerce company Snapdeal, as it was not a seller itself but was only providing a platform where the seller and the buyer could meet.
Flipkart, which was conventionally an inventory-based company, shifted to marketplace, the same model as Snapdeal, a few months ago.

Bombay HC adjourns Shell tax case to NovemberBombay HC adjourns Shell tax case to November
BS Reporter | Mumbai Oct 14, 2014 12:41 AM IST
The Bombay High Court on Monday adjourned to next month the hearing of a petition filed by Shell India against an Income Tax demand, which sought to add Rs 15,000 crore to the company's taxable income after its parent invested in the shares of its local unit four years ago.
The lawyers for Shell India on Monday argued it should get relief based on the same principles as that of the Vodafone tax case. But the income tax department said the case was different from that of Vodafone in many ways and sought time from the court to hear it. The judge adjourned to November 18.
The I-T department had charged Shell India with undervaluing share transfer within the group by Rs 15,220 crore, and, thus, evading tax. The order relates to the issue of 87 million shares by Shell India to an arm abroad, Shell Gas BV, in March 2009.
Another relief for Vodafone
The Bombay High Court on Monday ruled in favour of Vodafone again in a similar transfer pricing dispute in which Rs 1,400 crore of tax was demanded from Vodafone for a different assessment year. The court on ruled in favour of British telecom major saying it didn't have to pay additional tax of Rs 3,200 crore, as demanded by the authorities.
The department had said Vodafone India under-priced shares in a rights issue to its parent. The tax demand was for the two financial years ended March 2011. The amount included tax and interest for the tax demand for assessment year 2009-10. bs reporter

Analysts expect strong rally on RIL; Rs 1000 level not farAnalysts expect strong rally on RIL post Q2 result; Rs 1000 level not far
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 13, 2014, 07.51PM IST
Tags:
Angel Broking
(Reliance Industries Ltd…)
NEW DELHI: Strong results by oil & gas major, Reliance Industries Ltd for the quarter ended September 30 is likely to fuel a strong rally on Tuesday which may push the stock higher towards levels of Rs 1000, say analysts.
"We should very clearly see a reset of sorts with the stock moving back into that Rs 1050 kind of zone post Q2 results. Now, it might seems steep because it is almost like 100 bucks from where it is - but maybe if it does not do it tomorrow, the it will do in the next couple of days," said Prakash Diwan, Director - Altamount Capital Management.
"We should see some very significant amount of change in outlook and re-rating for the stock which has just kind of been sideways in anticipation of weak GRMs," Diwan is of the view that it is time for people start valuing the retail and other businesses for Reliance and Rs 1050 is very logical level to look at.
Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL) posted a net profit of Rs 5972 crore, up 1.7 per cent YoY in the second quarter of the current financial year. This was above ET Now estimate of Rs 5600 crore.
The outperformance was driven by strong growth in its US shale business and refining margins. The oil & gas major reported a net profit of Rs 5,873 crore in the year ago period.
The GRMs for Q2 came in at $8.3/bbl versus $7.7/bbl YoY. The sales figures for the second quarter were reported at Rs 1.13 lakh crore versus Rs 1.06 lakh crore, up 6.6 per cent YoY.
"Oh! It is a beat by at least Rs 300 crores on the bottom line and it was expected to perform much worse. We were working with a number of around $7.9 to $8 to a barrel and a $8.3 GRMs is clearly a very pleasant surprise," said P Phani Sekhar, Fund Manager-PMS, Angel Broking.
"A lot of bad news is already in the price of Reliance and with this kind of 6 per cent to 7 per cent outperformance, the market would perceive it much more favourably and expect modest gain of 1.5 per cent to 2 per cent in the stock on Tuesday," he added.
Ahead of the results, Reliance Industries ended 0.26 per cent lower at Rs 957.85 on Monday. It hit a low of Rs 948.80 and a high of Rs 964 in trade today.
RIL has been trading with declining bias since June, 2014 (down nearly 10 per cent) and has retraced from Rs 1100 levels to monthly support area of around Rs 920 in September 2014, but analysts are of the view that the stock has potential to touch Rs 1100 in next 6 months. But, the short-term trend still remains sideways.
  "Investors' can uphold their position as Reliance has potential to retest 1100 in next six months and it also hold strong support around 900-920 zone so the profit to loss ratio is quite favorable for investment at current juncture," said Ajit Mishra, AVP - Equity Retail Research, Religare Securities Ltd.
Long term support level for RIL is at around R 950-960, and in long-run stock would be able to sustain this level.
"Therefore, I would suggest the investors to hold the stock above support and could book partial profit above INR1,120," said Tushar Pendharkar, Equity Strategist, Right Horizons Financial Services.
"One could continue to HOLD and ACCUMULATE stock at current price levels," he added.
Technical indicators are looking positive for the stock with Slow Stochastic and RSI indicating a strong recovery for the stock. ADX (25) is also strong for the stock suggesting an uptrend is setting in.
"CMF is showing positive signs indicating money is flowing into the stock and Volume Indicators are showing that the stock is very active. Going by Technicals, the stock is a clear BUY," said S M Sakthi Prakaash" Lead Analyst, WealthRays Securities.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Wall Street hits lowest level in 5 monthsWall Street hits lowest level in 5 months; S&P breaks support
By Reuters | 13 Oct, 2014, 08.50PM IST
US stocks fell to continue their recent decline, with the S&P 500 dropping to its lowest level since May on global growth concerns.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: US stocks fell on Monday to continue their recent decline, with the S&P 500 dropping to its lowest level since May on global growth concerns.
The benchmark S&P index had slumped 3.1 percent last week and Monday's losses pushed the index below both the 1,900 level and its 200-day moving average of around 1,905, seen as support points.
The declines were sparked last week by a cut in the global growth forecast by the International Monetary Fund and disappointing economic data in Europe.
Earnings season will pick up this week, with results expected from Dow components Intel, Johnson & Johnson , UnitedHealth, American Express and General Electric, as well as financials Morgan Stanley , Citigroup, Bank of America and Wells Fargo .
"The market is continuing to fall on technical weakness awaiting the earnings reports ... the flood begins tomorrow," said Peter Cardillo, chief market economist at Rockwell Global Capital in New York.
"The fact we broke 1,900 on the S&P, the 200-day moving average, if we don't close above there today, that means the trip to lower levels is more than probable at this point."
Volume is expected to be muted on Monday in light of the U.S. Columbus Day holiday, which could create more volatility.
Canadian Pacific Railway Ltd has approached CSX Corp about merging the two North American railroad operators to create a transcontinental carrier worth more than $60 billion, according to the Wall Street Journal.
CSX shares jumped 11.1 percent to $33.28, while U.S.-listed shares of Canadian Pacific rose 0.7 percent.
At 10:49am, the Dow Jones industrial average fell 60.13 points, or 0.36 percent, to 16,483.97, the S&P 500 lost 12.55 points, or 0.66 percent, to 1,893.58 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 45.44 points, or 1.06 percent, to 4,230.79.
The largest percentage gainer on the S&P 500 was CSX while the largest percentage decliner was AutoNation, down 6.2 percent.
The largest percentage gainer on the Nasdaq 100 was VimpelCom LTD, rising 3.3 percent, while the largest percentage decliner was Tesla Motors, down 6.4 percent.
Among the most active stocks on the NYSE were Bank of America, unchanged at $16.48; Petrobras, up 8.64 percent to $16.97 and CSX.
On the Nasdaq, GT Advanced Tech, down 48.0 percent to $0.42; and Apple, off 0.4 percent to $100.30, were among the most actively traded.
Declining issues were outnumbering advancing ones on the NYSE by 1,695 to 1,174, for a 1.44-to-1 ratio on the downside; on the Nasdaq, 1,486 issues were falling and 1,005 advancing for a 1.48-to-1 ratio favoring decliners.
The benchmark S&P 500 index was posting 3 new 52-week highs and 34 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite was recording 10 new highs and 227 new lows.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Miffed Lalit Modi faction to move courtMiffed Lalit Modi faction to move court
PTI Oct 13, 2014, 10.45PM IST
Tags:
Amin Pathan
(Miffed with the going-ons in RCA,…)
JAIPUR: Miffed with the going-ons in Rajasthan Cricket Association , 'ousted' RCA chief Lalit Modi's faction has now decided to move court against the new 'working president' Amin Pathan.
The drama surrounding RCA took a new turn yesterday after 'suspended secretary' of the Modi faction, Sumendra Tiwary, filed a police complaint against leader of rival group Pathan, who was in turn 'suspended' by the former IPL supremo's faction for bringing disrepute to RCA.
Last Saturday, the Kota-based BJP leader Pathan claimed to have ousted former IPL commissioner Modi along with secretary Tiwary and treasurer Pawan Goyal with the support of 23 out of 33 district units of RCA which deputy president Mehmood Abdi had termed "illegal".
"It is India where an independent and fair judicial system prevails. It is pure hooliganism where a few people guided by their vested interests have forcefully tried to take control over RCA without having any legal sanctity. We can't stoop to that level and believe that law would prevail. We would be moving court for legal remedy in the matter and hope we would get it soon," Abdi, who is Modi's lawyer and also the deputy president of RCA, told reporters here today.
He added: "We have support of 21 district units. There was no proper notice, district units were not informed and the agenda too was missing. With the support of few unsocial elements that are more seen in the political rallies Amin Pathan and his men have forcefully entered the RCA office but that does not mean that they are the real RCA. We are the legally elected body under the supervision of Supreme Court .
"Pathan and his men were well aware even before the RCA elections in December last that BCCI might take some action but at that point of time they had supported Modi. They are turncoats who want to keep instability in RCA because of their vested interests."
"In fact it is N Srinwasan who first adopted arm twisting tactic by threatening RCA and leaving it out of the domestic calendar but when he realised that a decision in this matter was on the anvil in the court he used this illegal ploy to thwart RCA and Lalit Modi . BCCI has no right to grant sanctity to RCA. Those who are involved in this illegal coup have taken a huge risks as there might be criminal implications and they might be held responsible for perjury."
Meanwhile the Pathan group, which too claims support of 23 units, held its meeting and discussed the steps to be taken in future.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India on alert  ramps up Ebola screening at airportsprint
Indian authorities have ramped up screening for the Ebola virus at airports and ports over the past two months to avert an outbreak of the deadly disease that has killed more than 4,000 people, mostly in West Africa.
As part of the heightened surveillance, the government conducts detailed medical examinations of high-risk passengers, including checking their travel history, taking their body temperature and placing under quarantine people with possible symptoms of infection.
The government has screened 21,799 people at airports since it began screening for Ebola two months ago, but nobody has tested positive for the disease in India. So far, 1,200 travellers have been identified as suspected cases and 485 passengers have been quarantined at a Delhi facility.
The passengers had flown from Ebola-affected countries -- Liberia, Sierra Leone, Nigeria, Guinea, Congo and Senegal -- and had reported Ebola-like symptoms that include fever, fatigue, sore throat, muscle ache, nausea and headache.
The government has also identified one hospital with a dedicated isolation facility in each state to admit people with Ebola-like symptoms. These hospitals are equipped to handle sample collection, diagnosis and treatment of Ebola cases.
 “The health ministry is providing technical and material support to states for preparing health facilities with dedicated isolation wards, enabling them to provide diagnosis, treatment and care, and infection control under proper guidelines,” said Union health minister Dr Harsh Vardhan. “We have an efficient surveillance programme running and are fully prepared to deal with any eventuality.”
India has been on high alert since the World Health Organization declared the Ebola outbreak an international public health emergency in August. About 8,400 people have been infected so far in the worst Ebola outbreak on record that began in West Africa in March.
With the help from the ministry of external affairs, health officials identify passengers who have travelled to affected countries to screen them at the airport itself. Officials send a list of such passengers to local health departments in their respective states to track and monitor their health for a month.
Read: Ebola toll passes 4,000 as fears grow worldwide
Most of them are in the states of Maharashtra, Kerala, Tamil Nadu, Gujarat, West Bengal and Delhi.
Health authorities have also posted teams at the Attari border and airport to screen passengers coming from Ebola-affected countries.
According to Dr. P C Mondal, airport health officer at Kolkata airport, approximately 150 passengers have been screened at the airport.
“We are following the guidelines prescribed by central government religiously. Special counters have been set up to handle passengers arriving from Ebola-affected countries. From there they are directed to the health centre at the airport where the passengers are thoroughly screened and a detailed check-up in carried out,” Mondal said.

Court summons ex-coal secy  raps CBI for sketchy probe into scam caseComments
A Delhi special court Monday summoned former coal secretary HC Gupta and five others to answer to charges of corruption, conspiracy and cheating levelled against them for allegedly aiding a Madhya Pradesh-based company to illegally acquire coal blocks. They are the first senior public officials to be summoned in a coal allocation scam case.
In doing so, special Judge Bharat Parashar rejected CBI’s closure report in the case against Kamal Sponge Steel and Power Limited (KSSPL) and its directors. It said the report read “more like a defence given by an accused person” rather than a report by an investigating agency.
Calling CBI’s probe of the case “sketchy”, the court refused to accept that KSSPL and its directors had duped the coal ministry about their company’s net worth and production capacity without “active collusion” between the directors, ministry officials and members of the screening committee who were in charge of scrutinising all applications for coal blocks filed between 1993-2010.
Besides Gupta, the court also summoned as accused former coal ministry joint secretary KS Kropha, ex-director (coal allocation-I section) KC Samaria, KSSPL’s managing director Pawan Kumar Ahluwalia, its chartered accountant Amit Goyal and the firm on October 31. They will have to answer to charges of corruption, criminal conspiracy, criminal breach of trust by a public servant and cheating filed under the Prevention of Corruption Act.
In his 31-page judgment, the judge noted that the CBI had reached a wrong conclusion because it had not properly investigated all the facts in the case. He further rejected CBI’s contention that KSSPL’s application for a coal block had not been properly scrutinised by the members of the screening committee due to “manpower shortage”.
“The mere statement that due to shortage of manpower they (ministry officials) could not do so is no explanation in the eyes of law,” said the judge. “It is crystal clear that omission on the part of coal ministry officers to not scrutinise the applications as regard their eligibility and completeness was a deliberate act,” he added.
He further said that this act of allocating blocks without reasoning was arbitrary and amounted to “criminal misconduct” by the government officials, which had caused a massive loss to the nation and exchequer by misappropriating the country’s natural resources for personal gain.
According to the CBI, KSSPL had given a false statement about its annual turnover for two financial years, 2004-2005 and 2005-2006, in their application form while applying for coal blocks. Further the agency found out that the screening committee ignored Madhya Pradesh’s rejection of KSSPL’s application.
The judge further added that while no other public officials had been implicated in the case so far, evidence of the same is likely to come up during trial. “The law will certainly take its own course,” the judge warned.

A multi-sectoral approach to dengue controlhealthcare policy
Rapid urbanisation, globalisation, consumerism, poor solid waste and water management and increasing population movement have created new habitats for mosquito breeding
Dengue fever is rearing its ugly head again in India with new cases of infections and even deaths being reported from different States. The world’s fastest growing vector-borne disease, dengue sees an estimated 50-100 million cases being reported annually in over 100 endemic countries. Ever since its detection in the early 1950s, there has been a 30-fold increase in dengue incidence. Almost half of the world’s population is currently considered at risk of contracting dengue. The Southeast Asia region contributes to more than half of the global burden of the disease. About 52 per cent of the world’s population at risk resides in this region. Dengue is endemic in 10 of the 11 member states, and India, Indonesia, Myanmar, Sri Lanka and Thailand are among the 30 most endemic countries in the world. More than 4, 00, 000 cases of dengue were reported in this region in 2013.
The good news is that deaths due to dengue have been brought down substantially. This is because of greater awareness among treating physicians on the proper use of World Health Organization protocols in providing care to dengue patients. This is also attributed to increased knowledge among communities to seek early treatment for symptoms that resemble those of dengue.
Increase in number of cases
However, an area of concern is that the number of cases has been increasing year after year. To understand it, we need to comprehend and keep pace with the changing epidemiology of dengue, especially the multiple ecological factors that influence its spread. Being a vector-borne disease, ever-increasing numbers and varieties of mosquito-breeding habitats are being created with rapid and poorly planned urbanisation, globalisation, consumerism, poor solid waste and water management, and increasing population movement without adequate measures to prevent vector breeding. Climate change is also influencing ecology that encourages vector breeding.
The outbreak of dengue, like other vector-borne diseases, is determined by socio-economic factors that include reduced access to health services, housing, sanitation, water supplies and poverty. Efficient, effective and sustainable prevention and control of vector-borne diseases requires not only the application of biomedical tools, but interventions to address these factors as well.
About 52 per cent of the world’s population at risk resides in the Southeast Asia region
The accumulation of modern non-biodegradable products such as automobile tyres, plastic containers and tin products provides a conducive environment for prolific breeding of Aedes aegypti and Aedes albopictus vectors of dengue. Hence, effective and sustainable prevention and control of dengue requires interventions that address these factors in an integrated and multi-sectoral manner.
The health ministers of the Southeast Asia region, in their recent meeting in September 2014, adopted the Dhaka Declaration on Vector-borne Diseases. The Declaration encourages a “whole of government” approach against diseases such as dengue. This was in recognition of the importance of a multi-sectoral approach to addressing dengue outbreaks and in order to advocate utmost need for Health in All Policies — an approach to public policies across sectors that systematically takes into account the health implications of decisions, seeks synergies, and avoids harmful health impacts, in order to improve population health and health equity. The theme of World Health Day 2014 focused on vector-borne diseases to acknowledge their public health importance, raise global awareness and increase commitment on controlling them.
Community empowerment
Global evidence conclusively shows that dengue control can never be achieved or sustained without community empowerment and ownership. Unfortunately, there is lack of awareness on the role of vectors in the community and the vital contributions that they can make to prevent dengue by mitigating vector breeding in their respective surroundings. Even the best public health systems in the world will not accomplish the desired task of containing dengue without the active participation of communities in this endeavour. Communities must work with public health authorities in preventing accumulation of material where water gets stored, allowing mosquitoes to breed. A simple preventive step is to protect oneself from mosquito bites by wearing clothes that cover the body completely. This can help in cutting short the transmission of this infection.
For many infectious diseases, good vaccines are available. Extensive research is on to develop a safe, efficacious and affordable vaccine against dengue too. WHO has been supporting these research and development efforts. A few candidate vaccines are now in advanced stages of clinical trials. We look forward to their early availability to public health systems in developing countries.
Till vaccines become available, dengue-control activities have to be a synergy of sound public health actions. This must include integrated vector management and active participation of individuals, families and communities in reducing the sources where mosquitoes breed. The battle against the disease can be won only through concerted actions by all.
(Poonam Khetrapal Singh is Regional Director, Southeast Asia region, WHO.)

Dow drains 222 points ahead of earningsMonday, 13 Oct 2014 |  4:08  PM ET
CNBC.com
Pisani: Ebola 'X' factor
Mike Lear, Athena Capital Advisors and CNBC's Bob Pisani dissect today's trading sentiment.
U.S. stocks on Monday fell for a third session, with the S&P 500 closing below its 200-day moving average and the Nasdaq Composite off 8.6 percent from its September record, as investors awaited earnings and fretted signs of a slowing global economy.
"I haven't seen one bit of news, but we've had another failed late-day rally; everyone has been staring at their screens at the 1,905 level. Once you get past 3 o'clock and you can't stay above it, we've now officially broken what's considered an important technical level for the first time since November 2012," said Peter Boockvar, chief market analyst at the Lindsey Group.
"That's what has brought out the panic," Boockvar added of the market's rapid descent, which had benchmark indexes spiraling downward as the end of the session approached.
"There is a huge question mark about what does growth look like. The U.S. was the best house in a bad neighborhood, but we didn't realize the neighborhood might have been deteriorating faster than we realized. Europe is a big question mark, and China seems happy with its lower growth rate," said Kim Forrest, senior equity analyst at Fort Pitt Capital.
During the weekend, Federal Reserve officials said the central bank might move more slowly on raising interest rates if weak growth overseas threatens the U.S. recovery.
CSX rallied as the rail operator declined to comment on a Wall Street Journal report that it's been approached by Canadian Pacific Railway about a possible merger. J.C. Penney surged after naming Home Depot executive Marvin Ellison as president of the department-store chain, with plans for him to take the helm as chief executive officer in 2015.
The CBOE Volatility Index, a measure of investor uncertainty, surged 16 percent to 24.64, its highest close since June 2012.
While hitting its highest level in more than a year, the VIX is "not at a crazy worry we're going into a bear market by any stretch," said Randy Frederick, managing director of trading and derivatives at Charles Schwab.
Symbol

Anti-ageing 101 for the 20-something womanShare 0
You may abide by Bryan Adams' anthem '18 Till I Die'; your skin, not so much. It's that dreaded revelation when you wake up one morning and notice subtle changes—tiny lines near your eyes, light spots and rough textures on your face—and the phrase "anti-ageing" stares back at you from the mirror.
Don't be intimidated. A simple amendment to your daily skincare regimen can make all the difference and help you retain the youth in your skin. ZA's beauty expert, Megumi Mitsui lays it down.
The right age to start
It all depends from person to person, their lifestyle and skin. The level of oestrogen in your body reaches its peak at the age of 21, so the appropriate time to start would be any time after this age. Today's changing lifestyles and high levels of stress cause the skin to start ageing earlier. For people who have more stressful urban lifestyles, the skin needs some intervention as early as the age of 25.
Look for the signs
1. For Indian skin, the first sign of ageing is age spots—lighter pigments at first, these spots gradually become more intense when not attended to, giving an uneven skin tone.
2. Dryness is another sign of ageing, when the skin starts losing its ability to self-hydrate and maintain its moisture balance, leading to excessive dry patches.
3. The pores may also appear more prominent, giving the skin a very rough looking texture. The skin around the eyes is very delicate and wrinkles around the corners of the eyes start showing. Cheeks can look less tight and there can be fine wrinkles around the mouth. 
4. On the lips, there is a marked increase in the number of vertical lines and increase in pigmentation.
5. Moving away from the face, the hair's volume and thickness is greatly reduced. It starts looking less shiny and patchy.
6. Nails become brittle and vertical lines are more visible.
How to begin
A good regimen is a must for both day and night time, avoid skipping any steps. 
For daytime: Cleanser, toner, light emulsion or richer cream (based on the skin type) and a good day protector is a must.
For evenings/nights: Women must have at least a three-step regime that includes cleanser, toner, emulsion or richer cream (based on the skin type).
The right way to do it
Eyes: Gently apply a moisturising cream or an eye cream. Lightly stretch the wrinkles with your fingers and apply the cream into the creases. Always use your ring finger as the pressure on the skin is the lightest.
Hair: Massage the scalp to improve blood circulation, use the products regularly and in small quantities instead of a lot of product irregularly.
Face: Repeat the four basic steps (cleanse, tone, moisturise, protect) every day. When applying products, make sure to apply them from the centre of the face moving outwards. For the face line, apply from the bottom up for a lifting effect. Ensure you do not apply too much pressure on the skin as it may damage its surface.
Don't skip…
There are two items that you cannot forget
1. A cream with collagen like the Za Perfect Solution Restoring Collagen Cream. Collagen is the protein that gives the skin its elasticity and resilience.
2. A sunscreen (Vogue recommends the Dermalogica Protection Sport SPF 50) because UV rays are skin's biggest enemy. Even if a person uses multiple anti-ageing products and does not use sunscreen, skincare can become ineffective.
What stress can do
When you are stressed, your hormonal balance becomes upset, making it more difficult for skincare products to work effectively on your skin. Other visible effects of stress are wrinkles on the forehead, sagging around the mouth, lack of skin resilience, and dullness. 
If you ignore the symptoms
When the skin is young, the signs of ageing are not visible as the skin by itself is more resilient and has a natural barrier that helps it rejuvenate and repair to a degree. But with the passage of time or constant lack of skincare, it loses this barrier and resilience, making the signs of ageing more prominent. 
Wrinkles and dark pigmentation around the eyes, age spots, sagging skin, prominent expression lines, dryness and dullness can be the results of ignoring your skincare needs. The key is early prevention, not late correction. 
- Sneha Mankani

Crude may slip to $80; OMCs a blind betNifty ends @ 7,884; Sensex gains 87 points; Jet, DLF take 4% hit
PTI Oct 13, 2014, 04.40PM IST
Tags:
BSE
(Infosys was the top gainer…)
MUMBAI: After falling in initial trade, the benchmark Sensex today rebounded over 86 points to end at 26,384.07 on the back of gains in key bluechips led by Coal India, Infosys, Hero MotorCorp, SBI and Maruti.
The Sensex, which commenced the day on a weak note at 26,275.07, slipped further to touch the day's low of 26,092.69 after investors focussed on weak economic data.
However, late buying by overseas funds and retail investors at prevailing levels helped the 30-share index rebound and close with a gain of 86.69 points, or 0.33 per cent, at 26,384.07. Intra-day, it rose to a high of 26,443.16. The gauge had plunged 340 points on Friday on profit-booking.
India's industrial production slowed down to a five-month low of 0.4 per cent in August due to contraction in manufacturing output and lower offtake of consumer goods. However, investors ignored the data in afternoon trade.
Coal India caught buyers' fancy among the Sensex pack and it rose 1.91 per cent after reports said foreign brokerage HSBC upgraded the stock to "overweight" from "neutral".
Other major gainers which also helped the Sensex to close in positive zone were Tata Power, Tata Steel, TCS, ICICI Bank, Axis Bank, Maruti Suzuki, HDFC, HDFC Bank, Bajaj Auto, ONGC and Hindalco.
Stocks of RIL ended 0.26 per cent lower ahead of quarterly earnings to be released later this evening.
Selling in Cipla, Dr Reddy's, Sun Pharma , ITC, Hindustan Unilever, Mahindra and Mahindra, L&T, NTPC, BHEL, Bharti Airtel and GAIL, capped the rise, brokers said.
Overall, 17 Sensex shares ended higher while 13 finished in the negative zone.
Sectorally, the BSE Metal index gained the most by rising 1.37 per cent, followed by Banking (1.35 per cent), IT (1.17 per cent), PSU (0.77 per cent), Power (0.14 per cent) and Oil & Gas index (0.11 per cent).
The broad-based 50-issue Nifty of the NSE also recovered by 24.30 points, or 0.31 per cent, to 7,884.25. It shuttled between 7,796.00 and 7,901.15 during the session.
Meanwhile, FIIs sold shares worth a net Rs 719.77 crore last Friday as per provisional data from exchanges.
Globally, it was a mixed closing on other Asian bourses while cues were positive from the European markets.
FEATURED ARTICLES

RuPay customers may transact at e-comm merc...ATM
(NPCI today said customers…)
MUMBAI: The National Payments Corporation of India ( NPCI ) today said customers using its RuPay payment gateway could transact at leading e-commerce merchants like IRCTC , LIC and Flipkart.
"RuPay e-Commerce has roped in the country's largest online merchants including IRCTC, Life Insurance Corporation (LIC), Flipkart , Snapdeal, bookmyshow.com and Homeshop18," it said in a statement.
State Bank of India, one of the primary facilitators of the tie-up with Flipkart, said that transaction volumes would go up due to this, SBI Managing Director B Sriram said.
"Payments is a core area of focus for Flipkart. We are constantly looking for ways to expand and improve the payments experience on our site and this initiative with RuPay is an important step in that direction," Flipkart's Co-Founder and Chief Executive Sachin Bansal said.
NPCI's Managing Director and Chief Executive A P Hota said there are 30 million RuPay cards which could be used at all ATMs across the country, as well as 9.8 lakh point of sale terminals.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Chrysler returns to U.S. stock marketBy Paul R. La Monica   @lamonicabuzz October 13, 2014: 11:58 AM ET
 
Fiat Chrysler revs it up on Wall Street
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Columbus Day seems like a fitting debut for Fiat Chrysler on the New York Stock Exchange, don't you think? This is an Italian-American success story after all.
Shares of Fiat Chrysler began trading on the NYSE Monday under the ticker symbol FCAU. Fiat Chrysler opened at $9 and quickly moved as high as $9.55 before pulling back a bit.
Chrysler hasn't been publicly traded in the United States in more than seven years. At that time it was known as DaimlerChrysler. Daimler ( DDAIF ) agreed to sell Chrysler to private equity firm Cerberus in 2007.
Fiat's stock had previously traded as Fiat SpA ( FIATY )in Milan and the United States. Those shares have outperformed GM ( GM ) and Ford ( F ) so far this year, largely due to the resurgence of Chrysler -- the smallest of Detroit's Big Three.
Chrysler reported a sales increase of 19% in the United States last month compared to a year ago. That is Chrysler's 54th consecutive month of year-over-year sales gains.
The company has done particularly well with larger vehicles, which are becoming more popular again as gas prices fall. Jeep sales are surging, as are sales of Chrysler's Ram trucks.
Related: Ford shares shift into reverse
Chrysler has turned its fortunes around since Fiat, led by enigmatic CEO Sergio Marchionne, took control of the company following its 2009 bankruptcy. Fiat initially purchased a 20% stake in Chrysler and now owns the whole company. The combined business is profitable as well, no small feat given how bad things got during 2008 and 2009.
But can Fiat Chrysler grow further? Right now, it still is just the seventh-largest automaker in the world by sales. In addition to trailing Ford and GM, it's also smaller than Toyota ( TM ), Volkswagen ( VLKAF ), Renault-Nissan and Hyundai-Kia.
Marchionne hinted in a recent interview with Bloomberg Businessweek that there could be more consolidation in the auto industry and that Fiat Chrysler could be a buyer.
There has been chatter over the past few years about the possibility of a combination between Fiat and Honda ( HMC ) or Suzuki ( SZKMF ). Fiat also announced a partnership with Mitsubishi Motors last month in which Mitsubishi will produce new midsized pickup trucks for Fiat in Europe and Latin America. Could a full-blown merger of the two be next?
Any of these would be a bold deal that could catapult Chrysler ahead of Ford in the global sales rankings.
Marchionne has said that he plans to step down as Fiat Chrysler CEO in 2018. So if he wants to do another huge deal to make the company even bigger, he's only got a few years to add to his legacy.
First Published: October 13, 2014: 11:08 AM ET
Most Popular

India must hedge part of its crude exposure: Expert("Crude is our biggest biggest…)
In a chat with ET Now, Deepak Shenoy , Founder, Capital Mind, shares his views on crude.
ET Now: You have strong views on crude, and you were just recently questioning whether or not India should take hedges at 80.
Deepak Shenoy: One of the things that we did not do when crude fell to 40 was take hedges at some point. Crude is our biggest biggest import by a very large margin. It is probably double of what gold imports were at their peak.
So, it makes sense for us to consider whether we should hedge some or all of this exposure. Having said that, it is not really viable for crude to fall below a certain point. May be $60 is where it becomes unviable to produce. So, at some point if it goes to those levels — below 80, or below 70 — it might be prudent for us for, at least for our oil companies, to consider hedges.
If they are not considering that, then they should explain why. It may not make sense because you may not get contracts that are three years ahead at any reasonable price. But it would make sense for them to consider hedges similar to the way forex exposure is hedged by exporters and importers.
FEATURED ARTICLES

BCCI pays Shastri  Gavaskar more than Dhoni0
Gavaskar and Shastri (seated, at right) with the Indian cricket team, circa 86.
You think MS Dhoni makes big money? What about Sachin Tendulkar ? To say nothing of relative newbies such as Virat Kohli and Ravindra Jadeja with their collections of fancy cars and thoroughbreds. But it's hardly a surprise that people who only step on to the field before and after the action are also making a killing. The chief among them - and that's no surprise, either - are Sunny Gavaskar and Ravi Shastri, writes Devendra Pandey in Indian Express.
With added bonus of about Rs 2 crore for their new roles — Shastri as Director Cricket and Gavaskar as head of IPL operations — the two will be getting around Rs 6 crore each annually. The two already had a Rs 4 crore per year contract as BCCI-endorsed commentators, which means they are on air for all of India’s international matches.
In contrast, Dhoni, in the last 12 months, has got Rs 2.59 crore for playing 35 international matches for India across all formats. That includes match fees as well as his Rs 1 crore retainer fee. Virat Kohli earned Rs 2.75 crore for playing 39 matches.
Shastri will be Director Cricket for the next six months, till the end of the 2015 World Cup. It is learnt that Shastri accepted the offer after the board agreed to compensate him for “monetary loss” on account of lost media commitments.

Karnataka Forest Department set for a rejigUpdated: October 14, 2014 02:26 IST
Karnataka Forest Department set for a rejig
K. Jeevan Chinnappa
Minister for Forests B. Ramanatha Rai
TOPICS
Karnataka
Some in the Department of Forests may take it with a pinch of salt, but the news is that there is a comprehensive plan to restructure the department.
It is an unambiguous move of the government to fine-tune various wings of the department and bring in greater coordination between them for effective management of flora and fauna.
A committee comprising senior forest officials has been formed to study the issue in detail and report to the government, Minister for Forests B. Ramanatha Rai said in a conversation with The Hindu.
Excerpts:
Q. Why does the government want to restructure the department?
A. We want to bring in greater efficiency in the department. A State-level meeting involving senior forest officials was held recently to gather their opinions over the issue. The revamp would also include abolishing redundant posts in the department. It would do away with the feeling that only certain top posts are significant in the department. Counselling will be introduced to deal with the other tricky issue of transfer of officials, up to the level of range forest officers.
How about merging the two main wings — territorial and wildlife — for ushering in accountability?
It is not an easy task. There are, however, no plans at the moment to amalgamate the two wings.
People, especially plantation owners, are wary of the deemed forest issue. Your reaction?
Plantation areas will not be considered under the deemed forest category. A survey is going on to determine the deemed forest areas and the report will be out in six months. Further, lands in question such as Bane, Soppinabetta, Kan, Kumki and Poramboke, which have come under cultivation, too would not be classified as deemed forests.
Western Ghats inhabitants feel that the K. Kasturirangan committee report would be detrimental to their interests. Do you agree?
Not really. I want to dispel fears that the report will adversely impact the lives of people in the Western Ghats. A Cabinet subcommittee has decided to cut down 37 per cent of the extent of areas included in the committee report for conservation of the Western Ghats. The State government will submit a report to the Centre by December.
What about eco-sensitive zone regulations?
People need not be apprehensive of the ESZ too as the ongoing survey will determine the ESZ in tune with the realities to declare ‘no-activity zones’. After the demarcation of the forest boundaries, the proposed 10-km distance from the forest fringes (ESZ) could even come down to 500 metres in specific areas.
Why do you think Karnataka is lagging behind in the implementation of the Scheduled Tribes and Other Traditional Forest Dwellers (Recognition of Forest Rights) Act?
Yes. We have certainly fallen behind in the process vis-a-vis Jharkhand and Andhra Pradesh. A subcommittee formed to look into the issue has asked the concerned to review all rejected applications of tribal people and traditional forest dwellers, as also call for fresh applications by December 31.

IndusInd Bank Q2 Profit Rises 30%IndusInd Bank Q2 Profit Rises 30%
Lenders review Jaypee Group s debtLenders review Jaypee Group's debt
PTI Oct 13, 2014, 11.06PM IST
Tags:
IDBI Bank
(The Manoj Gaur-led group…)
MUMBAI: Concerned over their massive exposure to the debt-laden infrastructure conglomerate Jaypee Group, its lenders met here today to take stock of the situation.
The Manoj Gaur-led group is in the process of reducing its debt of over Rs 72,000 crore by selling some of its assets, which could also help it deleverage the balance sheet.
The consortium of as many as 30 lenders led by State Bank and including IDBI Bank , Oriental Bank of Commerce among others, has an overall exposure of Rs 72,000 crore out of which Rs 8,000 crore is due by March. The meeting took place at the SBI headquarters here.
A senior public sector banker said, "It was a regular review meeting and was to take stock as to how much of the assets has been sold by the group as well as how much more they are going to put on block."
As of now the group is not a bad asset, but at the same time not all is well at the group, said another banker, adding the consortium met to see what could be done.
The Jaypee Group subsidiary Jaiprakash Power Ventures is in the process of selling its three operational plants -the 300- mw Baspa-II hydel plant, the 1091-mw Karcham Wangtoo hydel plant (both in HP) and the 500-mw Bina thermal plant in MP to reduce its overall debt.
Anil Ambani-led Reliance Power had recently abandoned its plans to buy its three hydropower projects citing regulatory uncertainties.
However, within a week the company announced that it had signed an agreement with the Sajjan Jindal-run JSW Energy for selling these three plants.
The company had earlier this year signed a deal to divest these plants to the Abu Dhabi-based TAQA for Rs 9,689 crore but the deal did not go through.
According to the group, in the recent past it had raised Rs 15,869 crore through power and cement disinvestments and the sale of some land parcels, helping it pare its debt by about Rs 8,030 crore.
In August the company got into an agreement with Shree Cement to sell its grinding unit at Panipat in Haryana for Rs 360 crore. The plant has a capacity of 1.5 million tonne. In September last year Jaypee Cement had sold two units with a combined capacity of 4.8 million tonne in Gujarat to the Aditya Birla Group's cement firm UltraTech for Rs 3,800 crore.
Recently, the KKR-backed Dalmia Cement had also struck a deal to buy 74 percent of Jaiprakash Associates in its cement joint venture with steel maker SAIL for Rs 690 crore.
After several diversifications and high-cost projects like the Yamuna Expressway and the Buddh International Circuit, construction and engineering, along with cement, continue to bring in almost three-fourths of revenue to the Jaypee group.
Even after these disinvestments, the group still has a cement capacity of 32 mt and some 1700 mw of power plants ready to go onstream.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Pricey Herms bags  reek like a skunkPricey Hermès bags 'reek like a skunk'
By Emily Jane Fox   @emilyjanefox October 14, 2014: 12:06 PM ET
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Enraged, devastated luxury shoppers are in a tizzy, claiming that their coveted Hermès handbags smell like skunks.
This is hardly what customers expect from handbags that can cost $10,000, $20,000 and even $60,000 for exotic skins. For years, demand has been so high for the bags that shoppers are placed on lengthy waitlists for months just to buy one of the iconic Birkin, Kelly or Elan bags.
But over the last year, more than 2,200 people have posted comments about how smelly their Hermès purchases are and how devastated it's made them on Purseblog , a site that reviews handbags and hosts forums for customers to talk about them. The New York Post first reported on the frenzy.
Many of the commenters noted that the smell gets much stronger in warm temperatures, and it's almost unbearable in the summer, in direct sunlight or even in the passenger sear of a heated SUV.
"It smelled bad I was sooooo embarrassed to carry the bag in the mall," posted Israeli_Flava, whose bio says she "rocks the croc."
Related: The $12,500 24-carat gold slide for your kid
Another commenter, glamourbag, said it was a scent you would not want to be around anyone with, as "they might mistake you for having crossed paths with either an angry...skunk or that your side job is that of a [pot] dealer."
The consensus on the forum, based on a number of posts explaining what Hermès sales associates and store managers had told commenters, is that the bags were made from a bad batch of leather, with something going awry in the tanning process.
A number of commenters were told that the smell would eventually go away, and even advised to put dryer sheets in their $10,000 bags to get rid of the smell. But many ended up having to send their bags back to Paris so that the company could replace them.
This would be a big expense to the company, at thousands of dollars a pop. And it means customers would have to wait several months for a new bag to be made, after many waited a long time to receive them in the first place.
Hermès did not respond to requests for comment.
Related: Behind Bugaboo, the coveted 'it' stroller
Israeli_Flava noted that she was sad to see this problem become "like an epidemic" but she was grateful for all the support and messages she received from other commenters. She said she is not rich and worked hard for her bag, and she wants this resolved for all those who have been sold the stinky purses.
"Really, this has been taxing on my spirit," she posted. "I'm really trying not to let this experience steal my joy but it's hard."
First Published: October 13, 2014: 2:09 PM ET
Most Popular

Why drop in oil prices could squeeze US economyWhy drop in oil prices could squeeze US economy
AP Oct 14, 2014, 12.55AM IST
Tags:
Diane Swonk
(Two factors behind oil-price…)
NEW YORK: If you're a driver, a shipper or an airline, low oil prices sure feel nice. But there are downsides to the recent plunge in oil prices - for the oil industry and for the economy.
Low fuel prices can help boost economic growth by reducing fuel bills and leaving consumers and companies with more money to spend on other things. Problem is, two factors behind the oil-price drop - a weaker global economy and a stronger dollar - could hurt the US economy by reducing exports, employment and spending. And all that, in turn, could outweigh the economic benefit of cheaper fuel.
"Initially, (a lower oil price) will provide a boost to an economy that already has some momentum," says Diane Swonk, chief economist at Mesirow Financial. "It's like a tax cut. The problem is that it will come back to haunt us in 2015."
A boom in US oil production has helped sharply reduce dependence on foreign oil, a result of drilling in some of the highest-cost areas on earth. Drilling in areas of North Dakota and Texas, for example, produces only a slight output per day. If prices fell further, drilling would have to slow because it would no longer be profitable.
Oil hasn't fallen quite far enough for that to happen, analysts say. Even the more expensive drilling operations are still profitable when oil sells for $85 a barrel, near where oil traded Monday. In general, oil companies would have to expect oil prices to stay below $80 a barrel for many months to scale back their drilling plans.
Unless supplies drop, perhaps from a cut in production from Saudi Arabia or OPEC, or a sudden turnaround in the global economy that would increase demand, prices could fall further.
"It's problematic," says Gary Ross, CEO of PIRA Energy Group. "The wake-up call is on its way."
In the meantime, drivers will be enjoying the lowest gas prices in four years. Tom Kloza, chief oil analyst at the Oil Price Information Service and Gasbuddy.com, say the national average could fall under $3 a gallon before year's end for the first time since 2010.
Benchmark US crude oil peaked in late June at $107 after Islamic State fighters seized control of some cities and Iraq and seemed capable of disrupting exports from OPEC's second-largest exporter. Upheaval in Libya sharply cut its output.
Global supplies were unstable, and demand appeared robust. US refiners were churning through more oil than ever and making and exporting records amounts of fuel.
The picture soon flipped. The threat to Iraq's exports diminished. Libyan exports returned to the market. And refineries in the US and Asia slowed for seasonal maintenance. At the same time, slower growth in Europe and China led forecasters to reduce expectations for oil demand.
The weak global economic forecast, combined with a relatively strong one for the United States, raised the dollar's value to a four-year high against other currencies. Because oil is priced in dollars, a stronger dollar makes oil more expensive and tends to reduce demand.
Suddenly there was plenty of supply and not enough demand. By the end of last week, oil had plunged $20 a barrel from its peak. It ended the week below $86 a barrel for the first time in nearly two years. Energy company stocks have fallen 16 percent since late June, compared with a drop of 2 percent in the Standard & Poor's 500 stock index, according to FactSet.
  Lower fuel prices have followed. The average prices of gasoline, heating oil, diesel and jet fuel are all on track to be the lowest in four years, giving drivers, travelers and fuel-hungry companies a break. Savanthi Syth, an airlines analyst at Raymond James, recently increased her earnings forecast for United Airlines by 31 percent for the fourth quarter because of lower fuel prices.
When energy prices fall because of rising supplies, it can help the economy. US natural gas prices fell even as the economy was recovering from the financial crisis. Those lower prices helped manufacturers by lowering electricity prices and raw material costs.
And increases in US oil production have protected the US economy by keeping fuel prices from soaring in recent years during a period of turmoil in the Middle East.
But a sharp fall in energy prices often results from weakening economic growth, and the benefit of lower fuel costs isn't enough to offset it.
The lower global economic growth that's pulling down oil prices and US stocks will also squeeze US companies. The stronger dollar can hurt the US economy because it makes US goods costlier than foreign goods, so exports fall and imports rise. That can reduce domestic economic activity and job growth.
Some attribute the price drop mainly to seasonal factors and expect OPEC to cut production to help send oil prices back up. At the start of the year, many analysts expected the 2014 annual average for oil to be $90 to $95 a barrel. The average is still above that despite the recent price plunge.
Judith Dwarkin, chief energy economist at ITG Investment Research, expects global supply and demand to balance out soon.
"The sky may be sagging a bit but it isn't falling," she said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Will challenge Bombay HC s verdict favouring Vodafone: CBDTWill challenge Bombay HC s verdict favouring Vodafone: CBDT
Indian employers see overseas graduates as more job-ready: British CouncilBritish Council
(Students with overseas…)
Employers in India believe foreign university graduates have better technical skills for jobs, according to the India Employability report unveiled by The British Council.
The research surveyed 200 foreign and Indian companies on ascertaining the attractiveness of Indian and foreign university graduates for jobs on parameters such as skill-sets, availability and quality of talent pool. It revealed that 39 per cent of the respondents deemed far more graduates from foreign universities as better prepared for the job than those from Indian universities, perceiving them to require lesser extensive training, according to 14 per cent of employers.
Rob Lynes , director of the British Council spoke to Anumeha Chaturvedi about the findings.
Please explain the key findings.
This report is looking at employability of Indians in general. It is about what young people need to do to get jobs. The report looked at particularly those who studied in India or overseas and tried to assess whether the latter have an added advantage. With 200 respondents, it's not a huge corpus to look at, but what the report does say is that some employers feel those who have studied overseas are better prepared for the job market. And this could be attributed to exposure, critical thinking abilities and better understanding of business concepts. These were employers who hired students with overseas experience. I guess it doesn't make them better employees but gives them something extra. Even in the UK, we encourage people to get some exposure overseas. This is the first time we have looked at elements like employability in context of the Indian market.
What are the concerns regarding overseas education?
Higher education is becoming more transactional in nature. There are various courses and campuses education programmes and we hope that in future, there are more opportunities for such programmes for UK universities in India, so students don't have to go overseas for foreign education. At the moment, it's difficult in India. Massive Open Online Courses is another area if institutions have to reach out to large numbers. But, the catch there is quality. How do institutions accredit and certify certain courses? These are challenges institutions are going to face.
How are training interventions for institutions and companies panning out in India?
Soft skills are critical communication presentation skills, and these are essential for any job. Students may be academically brilliant but if you cannot communicate and engage you'll find it difficult to survive. The British Council works broadly with 12 states in India. We train the trainers to teach language. We've had tie-ups with companies and higher institutions looking at soft skills training. There is a demand for that in India.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Blow to DLF: Realty firm  six top executives barred from capital markets for 3 yearsBlow to DLF: Realty firm  six top executives barred from capital markets for 3 years
Sebi issues norms for SEs on one-time registration processSebi issues norms for SEs on one-time registration process
DA case: SC posts Jayalalithaa s petition for suspension of sentence to Oct 17NEW DELHI, October 13, 2014
Updated: October 17, 2014 16:18 IST
Supreme Court to hear Jayalalithaa’s plea on October 17
Krishnadas Rajagopal
DIPR A file photo of AIADMK general secretary Jayalalithaa.
TOPICS
judiciary (system of justice)
Jayalalithaa sought relief from incarceration on the grounds that she is a woman, 66-years-old and suffers from ailments.
The Supreme Court will on Friday hear a special leave petition filed by three-time former Chief Minister Jayalalithaa challenging the Karnataka High Court order refusing to suspend the execution of her sentence and grant of bail in a disproportionate assets case.
A three-judge bench led by Chief Justice of India H.L. Dattu agreed to an urgent plea made by Jayalalithaa's counsel and senior advocate Fali S. Nariman for an early hearing of her petition.
“My Lords, this is an urgent matter on suspension of sentence,” Mr. Nariman submitted.
The bench held a brief consultation, after which the Chief Justice posted the case for hearing to October 17.
Senior advocate Sushil Kumar also sought a hearing on suspension of sentence of the other three co-accused in the case to Friday. The court granted his plea.
Jayalalithaa, who was Tamil Nadu Chief Minister at the time of her conviction , was sentenced to four years’ simple imprisonment and ordered to pay a fine of Rs. 100-crore for offences under the Prevention of Corruption Act. Her co-accused — Sasikala Natarajan, V. Sudhakaran and J. Elavarasi — were sentenced to four years’ imprisonment and a fine of Rs. 10 crore each.
Cites age, ailments
Jayalalithaa sought relief from incarceration on the grounds that she is a woman, 66-years-old and suffers from ailments.
The petition contended that the Karnataka High Court would take the next four years to finally decide her pending appeal, during which she would have to suffer in prison. One of the main grounds of the petition is that once an appeal against conviction is admitted by an appellate court, granting of bail and suspension of sentence follows naturally, otherwise it renders the appeal irrelevant.
It said that she has been sentenced to a term of 'simple' and not 'rigorous' imprisonment, and in such cases grant of bail is the norm. The petition argued that bail is the rule and this relief can only be denied in exceptional circumstances, of which there is none in the present case.
The High Court had termed corruption as a violation of human rights quoting the 2012 Supreme Court judgment in State of Maharashtra through CBI versus Balakrishna Dattatrya Kumbhar.
However, Jayalalithaa's lawyers are likely to plead that this verdict quoted by the Karnataka High Court was delivered in a matter seeking stay on conviction. In the current matter, only suspension of execution of sentence is sought.
The petition has challenged the October 8 order of the Karnataka High Court, which had dismissed Ms. Jayalalithaa's contentions that she should be granted bail on the ground that the accused has no past record of misusing her liberty to hamper proceedings in the case.
Rejecting arguments by Mr. Jethmalani that Jayalalithaa is “entitled” for bail, the high court had observed that suspension of sentence and bail prescribed under Section 389 Cr.PC rests entirely on the discretion of the Appellate Court.

With a bullet: Oil  Olive Garden  HitlerEMAIL
U.S. Coast Guard via European Pressphoto Agency
As the price of oil drops, members of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries are disagreeing on whether to cut production and stabilize prices. Privately, Saudis are telling oil producers to get used to lower prices, a move that may be aimed at slowing production from other sources , including the United States.
Mohamed El-Erian, late of Pimco and now chief economic adviser for Allianz, thinks that people who are buying stocks now are pinning their hopes on a real longshot . “Although they may not realize it fully, optimistic investors are increasingly betting that their elected representatives in government will step in with the infrastructure investment and deeper reforms needed to reinvigorate the recovery. This is much more of a hope than a sure thing,” he writes for Bloomberg.
Stock up on your breadsticks: Menu changes at Olive Garden are likely as activist investor Starboard succeeded in its bid to take over Darden Restaurants (ticker: DRI ).
Shares of Pershing Square Holdings fell 8% on early trading after raising $3 billion in an initial public offering. The company is run by activist investor William Ackman.
Janus Capital ( JNS ) has agreed to buy VelocityShares, a company noted primarily for its exchange-traded funds.
Goldman Sachs ( GS ) kindly offers three strategies for surviving stock whiplash, including stocking with large-company stocks .
The bond market is closed Monday for Columbus Day, if you’re wondering why the 10-year bond yield has been so steady.

Why online retail firms make offline buysYou are here: Home > Collections > Offline
Game changer? Why online retail firms like Amazon, Alibaba make offline buys
ET Bureau Oct 14, 2014, 03.24AM IST
Tags:
Alibaba
(India's fast-growing online…)
BANGALORE | NEW DELHI: Until now they defined their identity and earned their spurs by differentiating themselves in convenience and pricing from their brick-and-mortar cousins, but can online retailers look to subsume them for the next stage of their evolution?
India's fast-growing online retailers, who are bubbling with energy and flush with investor money secured at eyepopping valuation multiples, could potentially buy department store chains, a move observers say, will precipitate consolidation in the market and redefine the sector.
Such an outcome would be a logical step, some argue, because online retailers are rapidly gaining market share as well as mind-share, putting them in a position to take over leadership of the industry.
"I think online players should make offline acquisitions as the momentum is with them right now," said Arvind Singhal, chairman of retail advisory firm Technopak. "A big chunk of customers still buy offline and acquiring a brick-and-mortar chain could be a powerful customer acquisition tool for online sites in certain categories."
According to Technopak, the Indian retail industry is valued at $525 billion (Rs. 31.5 lakh crore, or about a quarter of India's GDP) now, with online's share at about 1 per cent. By 2020, the retail industry is estimated to double in size while online will grow more than six-fold.
As for regulations barring foreign investment in multibrand retail, Vaibhav Parikh of law firm Nishith Desai Associates is of the view that as wholesale cash & carry is FDI compliant business, an online e-commerce company with FDI can buy it but cannot buy consumer retail business. However, buying a brand could be possible. "My view is that there is no restriction for a marketplace to manufacture and sell under their own brands, though there is some lack of clarity in law," said Parikh.
Globally, there is a move by online retailers to spread their wings into the world ofbrick and mortar. Last week, Amazon announced that it is setting up its first offline store in New York. Earlier this year, China's Alibaba bought a 25 per cent stake in a large department store chain, Intime Retail, for a little less than $700 million (Rs. 4,280 crore). This investment is probably a classic example of how online retail giants with much higher market value can buy into traditional retail. Alibaba's idea is that customers can shop in Intime's online store through Alibabs's online marketplace Tmall and then physically pick up the purchase at one of Intime's 36 department stores.
Mukesh Bansal, board member at India's largest online retailer Flipkart and chief executive of fashion site Myntra, said certain types of offline acquisitions make sense for online retailers. "Acquiring brands is very interesting for us," said Bansal, whose firm was acquired by Flipkart earlier this year. "The ones with a distinct brand presence and a small offline retail footprint are of interest," he said, emphasising that no such acquisitions are in the pipeline.
Online retail portals like Flipkart, Snapdeal and Amazon have grown rapidly in the past couple of years. Market leader Flipkart is targeting $3 billion (over Rs. 18,300 crore) in total value of goods sold this fiscal. Last month, Amazon chief Jeff Bezos told ET the value of goods sold by Amazon India in a year had topped $1 billion (over Rs. 6,000 crore). Snapdeal too has crossed the $1 billion milestone this year.
In comparison, Tata group's retail divisions, including Titan, Croma, Trent and Landmark, had revenue of about Rs. 17,000 crore. Kishore Biyani's Future Retail had revenue of Rs. 11,336 crore in fiscal 2014.
But what gives reason for pause is the contrast in the valuations. When Flipkart raised funds this year, it was valued at $7 billion. Delhi-based Snapdeal was valued at $1 billion. In comparison, Trent has a market capitalisation of Rs. 4,546.08 crore and Future Retail less than Rs. 3,000 crore. These firms are also wellfunded. Flipkart raised $1 billion this year and Amazon's Bezos announced investment of $2 billion (Rs. 12,200 crore) in its India operations.
Concepts that caught the fancy are 'Webrooming,' which means customers research products and prices online before buying in a physical store, and 'Showrooming', where customers see a product in a store but buy it online after comparing prices. Alibaba acquisition of a stake in Intime seeks to stay in step with changing customer behaviour.
 
In India, if an online retail site were to buy and operate offline brand the model will be very different from what is traditionally in brick-andmortar world, with further blurring of walls separating online and offline. "Offline will be more about experience; it will be about the concept and brand interactions. It will not be a distribution strategy," said Myntra's Bansal.

Infosys  Wipro mega wealth creators on Dalal...You are here: Home > Collections > Infosys
Infosys, Wipro among mega wealth creators on Dalal Street
Prashant Mahesh, ET Bureau Oct 14, 2014, 12.56PM IST
Tags:
bonus share
(A bonus share issue signals…)
Last week, Infosys announced its sixth bonus share issue since its listing in 1993. A study of the company's bonus issue history reveals how it has aided wealth creation.
If an investor bought 100 shares at Rs 95 (Rs 9,500) in its IPO and held it till date, he would be holding 25,600 shares after the latest bonus. The value of these shares is Rs 5.05 crore (execluding dividends).
A bonus share issue signals a management's confidence in the company's prospects as it issues fresh shares to shareholders from its reserves. Infosys's rival Wipro has been a bigger wealth creator for loyal shareholders after 10 bonus issues and two stock splits.
An investor in Wipro would be holding 960,000 shares, assuming he bought 10 shares in its IPO for Rs 100 per share in 1980. Today, the value of these shares would be Rs 56.11 crore (excluding dividends).
These examples emphasise the importance of staying invested in a company for the long-term to make the most out of it. But, traders argue that it is next to impossible to spot the prospective wealth creator in fickle business environment.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Chola mural tells a tale of dogUpdated: October 14, 2014 11:55 IST
Chola mural tells a tale of dog
B. Kolappan
Tweet
A mural found at the Thanjavur Big temple bearing resemblance to the Alangu dog breed. PHOTO: BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT
A mural found at the Thanjavur Big temple bearing resemblance to the Alangu dog breed. PHOTO: BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT
TOPICS
history
Alangu, a fearsome breed now extinct, once thrived in Thanjavur and Tiruchi region
“It is a dog of magnificent proportions with noble carriage,” says zoologist Desmond Morris, of the now extinct Alangu, a breed once thrived in the Thanjavur and Tiruchi region.
In his book, Dogs-The Ultimate Dictionary of over 1,000 Dog Breeds, he says: “It is a big hunting dog, about 27 inches (69 cm) tall, with heavy, well-muscled limbs.” “When it is not employed on its hunting duties, it is also enlisted as a fearsome watchdog.”
The Indian love for exotic breeds has led to the native species losing their charm. Not just that. Many native breeds have either lost their traits or have become extinct, like Alangu, owing to decades of neglect.
There is hardly anyone who can recall the features of the dog. Not many even know how it looked like.
Now, a Chola era mural, found by chance in the inner precincts of the Big Temple at Thanjavur, depicts a majestic dog, possessing all the features attributed to Alangu by Mr. Morris.
“During restoration, the Chola murals, buried under the Nayak paintings, were discovered,” said the former minister, Thangam Thennarasu.
Though its body and tail have some resemblance to Rajapalayam dogs, Mr. Thennarasu argues, Rajapalaym dogs arrived in Tamil Nadu only during the reign of Vijayanagara kings.
While Rajapalayam dogs have folded ears, Alangu, despite its massive built, has very small pricked ears, and the mural supported Mr. Morris’s description.
Its ears are pricked, its back is long and its tail tapers to a fine point. While moving, it makes long strides, says Mr. Morris.
Kishore Kumar of the Institute of Veterinary Preventive Medicine at Ranipet, and an expert in native dog breeds, said most of the naturally evolved Indian breeds had erect and pricked ears.
The colour of the coat of the Alangu varied from red to fawn to black. There may be some white markings in the chest region, and the muzzle is mostly black.
A valued companion
Another dog that is also said to be extinct, according Mr. Morris, is Shenkottah, a valued companion in the pursuit of most dangerous animals in jungle.
“It was said a pair of these dogs could even pull down an adult tiger, although they sometimes lost their lives in the process,” he explains.

Mary Kom named MVP of Indias Asiad campaignThe Hindu Boxer M.C. Mary Kom seen after she was awarded the Most Valuable Player award in New Delhi on Monday. Photo: S. Subramanium
TOPICS
Summer Asian Games
Silencing her detractors comes naturally to Mary Kom. She turns vocal only when it comes to reinforcing the point at any available stage.
After being voted the Most Valuable Player (MVP) among the Indian medallists from the recent Incheon Asian Games here on Monday, the Manipuri boxer said, “Many people doubted my ability to win the Asian Games gold this time. There is a mindset that a woman, after becoming a mother, cannot achieve success in sport. I think I have proved this mindset wrong.”
Based on the polls conducted by Samsung, the gold medal-winning boxer topped the list and received Rs. 10 lakh.
Recalling that she was a medallist when women’s boxing was introduced in the 2010 Guangzhou Asian Games, Mary Kom said, “Now, I am really happy to become India’s first woman boxer to win a gold in the Asian Games.”
Though the victorious men’s hockey team gave the function a miss, wrestler Yogeshwar Dutt, shooter Jitu Rai, discus thrower Seema Punia and member of the 4x400m relay team M.R. Poovamma were the gold medallists present.
Bronze medallists Abhinav Bindra, Deepika Pallikal and Sandeep Sejwal were also present.
Yogeshwar said, “My aim is to win a medal in the world championship.”
Having won back-to-back gold medals in the Commonwealth Games and Asian Games, the soft-spoken wrestler added, “I need to work harder to bring more glory to the country. I owe a lot to my well-wishers and seek blessings of all those who love to see our sportsmen do well in all major competitions.”
Later, in another function, the Union Sports Minister, Sarbananda Sonowal, felicitated the medal winners. Cash awards to the tune of Rs. 10.88 crore were disbursed, with an individual gold medal being worth Rs. 20 lakh, silver Rs. 10 lakh and bronze Rs. six lakh.
Medal winners in doubles/team events were given cash awards not less than half of what was payable to medallists in individual events.
Sonowal reiterated the Government’s commitment to provide the best possible assistance for training.
“We are getting you foreign coaches, high-performance directors, physios, mental trainers and other supporting staff. Deserving athletes have been given specialised training abroad. I have asked the secretary (sports) and DG, SAI to review the performance of all disciplines of Asiad 2014 and take corrective steps.
“I have given strict instructions that we should concentrate on disciplines where we are going to compete in the next Olympics. The ministry has devised the Target Olympic Podium (TOP) scheme for this,” he said.

Google says Amazon biggest search engine rivalGoogle says Amazon biggest search engine rival
By AFP | 13 Oct, 2014, 10.43PM IST
READ MORE ON » Eric Schmidt
Google boss Eric Schmidt said on Monday his company's biggest competition as a search engine came from e-commerce giant Amazon, not from its traditional rivals.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BERLIN: Google boss Eric Schmidt said on Monday his company's biggest competition as a search engine came from e-commerce giant Amazon, not from its traditional rivals.
In remarks prepared for delivery in Berlin, Schmidt hit back at accusations that Google as the world's biggest search engine enjoyed unchallenged market dominance, saying that the sector was targeting the company on several fronts.
"Many people think our main competition is Bing or Yahoo. But, really, our biggest search competitor is Amazon," he said.
"People don't think of Amazon as search, but if you are looking for something to buy, you are more often than not looking for it on Amazon."
He said that while Amazon's main mission was "the commerce side of the equation", the company was essentially "answering users' questions and searches, just as we are".
He added that Google's outsize market position was under constant threat from upstarts and innovators.
"Someone, somewhere in a garage is gunning for us. I know, because not long ago we were in that garage," he said.
"Change comes from where you least expect it. The next Google won't do what Google does, just as Google didn't do what AOL did."
He said those who accused Google of gaining monopolistic power didn't understand the sector.
"The reality is that Google works very differently from other companies that have been called gatekeepers, and regulated as such. We aren't a ferry. We aren't a railroad," he said.
"We aren't a telecommunications network or an electricity grid, with only one line going to your home, and no competitors allowed. No one is stuck using Google."
Google has been locked in battle with EU regulators who say it will face formal charges if it fails to improve its proposals to resolve anti-trust complaints over its search engine.
The California-based company previously avoided potentially billions in fines when it struck a deal in February with the European Commission.
It agreed at the time to give equal prominence to rival services in its search results after competitors -- including Microsoft and TripAdvisor -- argued the company has abused its dominant position in the European market, where it accounts for 90 percent of traffic.
But the deal collapsed when the Commission received a flurry of new complaints.

Barack Obama and the Midterms: What s at stakeBarack Obama
(Obama has cast midterm elections…)
WASHINGTON: For President Barack Obama, the stark reality of the looming midterm elections is that the best outcome for his party gets him nothing but two more years of the status quo.
Two more years of a divided Congress. Two more years battling a Republican-led House that sees little overlap with the president's priorities. And two more years that are likely to pass without the kind of legacy-building legislation that has eluded the president throughout his second term.
And yet to White House aides, it sure beats the alternative - a Republican takeover of the Senate.
``Who sets the agenda in the Senate matters in a big way,'' said Dan Pfeiffer, Obama's senior adviser. If Republicans take the Senate, Pfeiffer predicted a ``doubling down on the (Texas Republican Sen.) Ted Cruz, shutdown, hostage-taking'' approach to government.''
The reality is that Obama's advisers have low expectations for passing major legislation even if Democrats hang onto the Senate. That's been a struggle for Obama ever since the Republicans won the House four years ago and will likely get even harder as both parties turn their attention toward the 2016 presidential election and lawmakers get even more reluctant to take on tough issues.
With three weeks until Election Day, Republicans have a takeover of Congress within their sights. The party is likely to extend its majority in the House and needs to pick up just six seats to grab control of the Senate for the first time in nearly a decade.
Obama enters the campaign's homestretch with approval ratings hovering near the lowest point of his presidency, forcing Democratic candidates to distance themselves from their party's leader. Losing control of the Senate could cement the impression of a politically impotent, lame-duck president more than two years before the end of his term.
In a flurry of fundraisers this fall, Obama has cast the elections as crucial to his efforts to raise the minimum wage, institute equal pay legislation and boost infrastructure spending. ``I hope that in these midterms you feel a sense of urgency,'' he told donors in California last week.
  Beyond the long-shot prospects for major legislation, White House aides point to the impact a Democratic-led Senate would have in helping Obama to get nominees confirmed, including his upcoming pick for attorney general and potential Supreme Court openings. A Democratic Senate majority would give the president a firewall to prevent Republican efforts to repeal or scale back some of his most significant achievements, including his massive health care overhaul and sweeping financial reform legislation. And it would allow the White House to fend off any Senate investigations of the administration.
It's hardly the kind of ambitious and inspiring agenda Obama forecast in his two presidential bids. With that in mind, some Democratic strategists have speculated that both the president and the party might actually be better served if Republicans were to take control of the Senate.
Few Democrats will make that case publicly in the closing weeks of a high-stakes campaign. But privately, some strategists suggest that Republicans may feel pressure to show they can be productive in power, allowing Obama to forge alliances with a Republican Senate on issues like tax reform and perhaps even a compromise on an immigration overhaul.
Indeed, past presidents have had some luck in forging agreements with the opposing party, including Bill Clinton, who overcame staunch opposition from Republicans to work with the party to pass a balanced budget and welfare reform. But unlike Obama, Clinton maintained approval ratings above 50 percent for much of his presidency and oversaw a booming economy, both factors that helped him leverage support from the Republicans.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Dow drains 223 points ahead of earningsMonday, 13 Oct 2014 |  4:08  PM ET
CNBC.com
Pisani: Ebola 'X' factor
Mike Lear, Athena Capital Advisors and CNBC's Bob Pisani dissect today's trading sentiment.
U.S. stocks on Monday fell for a third session, with the S&P 500 closing below its 200-day moving average and the Nasdaq Composite off 8.6 percent from its September record, as investors awaited earnings and fretted signs of a slowing global economy.
"I haven't seen one bit of news, but we've had another failed late-day rally; everyone has been staring at their screens at the 1,905 level. Once you get past 3 o'clock and you can't stay above it, we've now officially broken what's considered an important technical level for the first time since November 2012," said Peter Boockvar, chief market analyst at the Lindsey Group.
"That's what has brought out the panic," Boockvar added of the market's rapid descent, which had benchmark indexes spiraling downward as the end of the session approached.
"There is a huge question mark about what does growth look like. The U.S. was the best house in a bad neighborhood, but we didn't realize the neighborhood might have been deteriorating faster than we realized. Europe is a big question mark, and China seems happy with its lower growth rate," said Kim Forrest, senior equity analyst at Fort Pitt Capital.
During the weekend, Federal Reserve officials said the central bank might move more slowly on raising interest rates if weak growth overseas threatens the U.S. recovery.
CSX rallied as the rail operator declined to comment on a Wall Street Journal report that it's been approached by Canadian Pacific Railway about a possible merger. J.C. Penney surged after naming Home Depot executive Marvin Ellison as president of the department-store chain, with plans for him to take the helm as chief executive officer in 2015.
The CBOE Volatility Index, a measure of investor uncertainty, surged 16 percent to 24.64, its highest close since June 2012.
While hitting its highest level in more than a year, the VIX is "not at a crazy worry we're going into a bear market by any stretch," said Randy Frederick, managing director of trading and derivatives at Charles Schwab.
Symbol

Brent crude slides to lowest since 2010 on Saudi output signalBrent crude slides to lowest since 2010 on Saudi output signal
By Reuters | 14 Oct, 2014, 02.16AM IST
READ MORE ON » Brent oil prices
Brent oil prices fell, tumbling more than $2 a barrel intraday to their lowest since 2010, after key Middle East producers signaled they would keep output high.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: Brent oil prices fell on Monday, tumbling more than $2 a barrel intraday to their lowest since 2010, after key Middle East producers signaled they would keep output high even if that meant lower prices.
Brent oil prices have tanked by nearly 25 per cent since June as ample supply coincided with weak demand, raising the possibility that the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) could cut output.
But Saudi Arabia has privately told oil market participants it can accept oil prices between $80 and $90 a barrel, sources briefed by OPEC's biggest producer told Reuters.
Kuwait's oil minister said OPEC was unlikely to cut production to support prices. OPEC ministers will meet to discuss output policy Nov 27.
"It suggests there's some nervousness in the market that Saudis are seeking to bring pressure on the shale producers in the US," said Gene McGillian, an analyst at Tradition Energy.
"The market is in search of a bottom and we're in the process of finding it, we just have to see what OPEC does and where the economy goes," McGillian said.
Brent November crude fell $1.32 to settle at $88.89 a barrel, having slumped to $87.74, the lowest front-month price since December 2010. The intraday low was a contract low ahead of its expiration on Thursday.
US crude fell 8 cents to settle at $85.74 a barrel, having recovered from an intraday low of $84.07.
The spread between the two grades narrowed, falling to less than $3 after regular trading, the lowest since Oct. 7. One trader said the gap had narrowed because of profit taking on the spread, while a second trader said it was due to global growth. Both struggled to identify why the spread had narrowed late Monday.
Page 1 of 2

Indian employers see overseas grads as more...British Council
(Students with overseas…)
Employers in India believe foreign university graduates have better technical skills for jobs, according to the India Employability report unveiled by The British Council.
The research surveyed 200 foreign and Indian companies on ascertaining the attractiveness of Indian and foreign university graduates for jobs on parameters such as skill-sets, availability and quality of talent pool. It revealed that 39 per cent of the respondents deemed far more graduates from foreign universities as better prepared for the job than those from Indian universities, perceiving them to require lesser extensive training, according to 14 per cent of employers.
Rob Lynes , director of the British Council spoke to Anumeha Chaturvedi about the findings.
Please explain the key findings.
This report is looking at employability of Indians in general. It is about what young people need to do to get jobs. The report looked at particularly those who studied in India or overseas and tried to assess whether the latter have an added advantage. With 200 respondents, it's not a huge corpus to look at, but what the report does say is that some employers feel those who have studied overseas are better prepared for the job market. And this could be attributed to exposure, critical thinking abilities and better understanding of business concepts. These were employers who hired students with overseas experience. I guess it doesn't make them better employees but gives them something extra. Even in the UK, we encourage people to get some exposure overseas. This is the first time we have looked at elements like employability in context of the Indian market.
What are the concerns regarding overseas education?
Higher education is becoming more transactional in nature. There are various courses and campuses education programmes and we hope that in future, there are more opportunities for such programmes for UK universities in India, so students don't have to go overseas for foreign education. At the moment, it's difficult in India. Massive Open Online Courses is another area if institutions have to reach out to large numbers. But, the catch there is quality. How do institutions accredit and certify certain courses? These are challenges institutions are going to face.
How are training interventions for institutions and companies panning out in India?
Soft skills are critical communication presentation skills, and these are essential for any job. Students may be academically brilliant but if you cannot communicate and engage you'll find it difficult to survive. The British Council works broadly with 12 states in India. We train the trainers to teach language. We've had tie-ups with companies and higher institutions looking at soft skills training. There is a demand for that in India.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India may impose tax to check Chinese import...Africa
(India's trade deficit with…)
NEW DELHI: India today said it could consider imposing "some kind of safeguard duties' on Chinese imports to bridge the huge trade gap as it cannot be sustained in the long run.
"This trade deficit (between India and China) is not sustainable in the long run and therefore it is very important to understand for Chinese companies that in the coming years, India will have to put some kind of safeguards whether it is in terms of standards...
"India will do this because (India) can not sustain this (trade deficit) for over a long period," said Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP) Secretary Amitabh Kant.
India's trade deficit with China stands at about $36 billion with exports totalling only $15 billion against $51 billion imports.
Speaking at the function of industry body PHDCCI Kant said that it was time that Chinese companies should increase invest in India and set up manufacturing bases.
"Chinese companies should actually manufacture the same goods (which they export to India) in India. We welcome Chinese companies. You please invest and manufacture in India. We will welcome telecom equipment, power equipment but kindly manufacture in India.
"Our government wants Chinese companies to make in India and use India as an export base for other places," he added.
The Secretary said that China is facing problems in export solar equipment to the US as America have imposed anti-dumping duty.
"...please use India as a base for exports...you will face anti-dumping duty on every good in future so the only solution for Chinese companies is to produce in India and export to America," Kant said.
He asked Chinese companies to find domestic partners and export to regions such as Africa and Latin America.
"India is a very attractive FDI destination," he said, adding: "we expect that this year, we will get about $50 billion FDI".
He said although China is setting up two industrial parks - Maharashtra and Gujarat - but there is need to increase investment.
"Between April 2000 and July 2014, China have invested only $411 million. This is only 0.18 per cent of India's total FDI which it has received so far. The Chinese figure is very low. Lower than Botswana and Rwanda. FDI from China in India is insignificant and extremely poor. This is shocking," he added.
Assuring full support and hand holding to Chinese companies, the secretary said the Chinese companies should look at sectors such as automobile, power, telecom, infrastructure and development of smart cities and industrial corridors".
"China and India -- the two elephants -- when they dance together, the whole world will shake. America will shake, Europe will shake. And if you dance alone, then the world will not shake. Join hands with India to ensure that Chinese companies entered the world in partnership with India," Kant said.
He said India's average foreign direct investment in the last three years was about USD 39 billion and the country is now focusing on manufacturing growth and infrastructure development.
  Chinese companies should grab this opportunity and invest heavily in India, he said.
"While we are seeing huge growth of FDI from all over the world... but as per our data FDI from China is extremely poor. China ranks 28th in terms of FDI equity into India," he said.
The DIPP secretary said China has started with Gujarat and Maharashtra and now "China should get into every state of India. That is the challenge for Chinese companies here".
He said that the neighbouring countries should quickly set up the two industrial parks.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Orange-Juice Futures Squeezed by Retail Sales NumbersOrange-Juice Futures Squeezed by Retail Sales Numbers
Why Narayana Murthy is no  ordinary Joe(By joining shareholder…)
By: Anjana Menon
Infosys, India's storied technology firm that was beginning to lose shine, is not just starting to glow, it is lighting the way. In the latest quarter, it turned in a profit that beat street estimates. The bigger celebration is that its founder and chairman N R Narayana Murthy said he no longer wanted any role in the firm and preferred to be an "average Joe".
By moving away, Murthy has cut the cord from the firm he helped found, leaving its fate to professional managers. By opting to be a mere shareholder, he's telling businesses in Asia to choose shareholder interest over founder control.
Murthy and his fellow architects can be credited for birthing one of India's most-professionally-run big-league firms. Yet, for all the noise on governance, the Infosys management was clingy. Up until this year, the role of the chief executive always rested with a former founder. It never deviated from the belief that having hung around from the start, one must be rewarded with a shot at the top job
Infosys, sadly, learnt the hard way that their mantra did not always guarantee success. Last year, after losing profitability, market share and scores of employees, under one of their founders-turned-CEO, Murthy was forced to reengineer a comeback as chairman. In the 15 months that followed, he was ambushed by a slew of high profile exits, making his return pockmarked and somewhat controversial.
Still, Murthy did manage to steady the ship and bring in more orders. Somewhere along the way, Murthy also looped in an outsider for the top job. He found Vishal Sikka, a former board member of SAP, a giant European software firm.
The first set of earnings under Sikka rocks. He's also laid out a roadmap for growth. That's not to say that Sikka can be credited with the turnaround, because he's only been with Infosys since August. However, he is making the right noises, helped by a fortuitous spike in earnings. To investors, after many quarters of roiling, this must come as a relief.
More subtly, Murthy has shifted sympathies in the knotty issue of 'agency principal' interests. In business parlance, it means a conflict of interest between a company's management and the stockholders. The manager, acting as the agent for the shareholders, is supposed to make decisions that will maximise shareholder wealth. However, often, it is in the manager's interest to maximise his own wealth.
In founder-managed firms, the problem is compounded. While most owners will work hard to grow their assets, in founder-led firms when the CEO is also a founder, it's hard to show him the door, if he underperforms. So, by joining the shareholder rank, and recusing himself of all executive roles, Murthy has thrown in his lot with the common folk. If Sikka doesn't perform, Murthy's sizeable fortune along with retail investors, stands to shrink. It is a winning stamp of approval for the outsider Sikka, and enough to restore the empathy Murthy lost with his second coming.
 
It's an example worth emulating, especially in corporate Asia, where founder-led firms pass on the baton mostly to family. Oftentimes, less-prudent family members make poor managers and reluctant heirs. Still, they are viewed indulgently by appointees, because of the false entitlement from being part of the founder's family, even in a listed firm. In the long run, if these insiders bumble and stumble though board meetings and business briefings, it is shareholders who wilt as the stock value falls.
That's usually exacerbated by the lack of transparency in most firms, where a web of friendly holdings and opaque trusts ensures that founders always remain in control, making the retail shareholder a sideshow. Public shareholders have few, if any, rights, and they hardly ever extend to ousting an underperforming CEO.
In the new global marketplace of nimble entrepreneurs and disruptive technology, founders ought to recognise that letting go may be the best way of getting ahead. If they get professional talent for their companies, it is highly likely they will find the best person for the job, especially when they have little say in management. For shareholders too, there is upside in wealth created by a professional manager, rather than a loss in asset value for the sake of founder control.
The US has several examples of large firms where founders and their families are just shareholders, leaving the rest to professional managers. In Asia, our ambition to excel has so far been restricted to business competitiveness. It's time we competed on probity.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Top-level execs plan to quit Ranbaxys US s...Business Partnership
(The changes come within…)
NEW DELHI: At least five senior executives of the US arm of Ranbaxy Laboratories , including its top boss Venkat Krishnan, have tendered their resignations or are planning to quit soon, people familiar with the matter said. Some of them are planning to float their own business venture as a team, three people in the know confirmed.
The company's US head of finance Gaurav Mehrotra, head of sales and distribution Bill Winter and legal head Lavesh Samtani are among the other executives leaving, these people said. The changes come within months of Sun Pharmaceutical Industries agreeing to acquire Ranbaxy from Japan's Daiichi Sankyo under a $4 billion deal. Company spokespersons from Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy refused to comment on the matter. And ET couldn't confirm whether or not these resignations have been accepted by company.
Ranbaxy had restructured its executive management council - a 10-member apex body that provides functional leadership to the company - over the past few months, during which some of its key senior executives left. With these recent exits, nearly half of the members who were part of Ranbaxy's executive committee two years ago will no longer be part of the team.
Industry executives ET spoke to said this exodus of the senior management from Ranbaxy was expected, considering many of them earn significantly higher salaries when compared to industry standards, including that of Sun. "Also at the senior level, there will be a lot of duplication in the roles and functions between the two companies, especially in India and the US, causing redundancies once the merger is completed," a senior executive at a rival firm said. Ever since the takeover was announced in April, the rumour mill has been swirling about possible senior-level changes at Ranbaxy.
Former Ranbaxy officials said its US sales team had proved immensely valuable during its troubled times. "Ranbaxy's US sales team had excellent relations with distributors and drugstore chains. It is this credible customer relations that helped the company overcome hurdles during its troubled times when it faced serious adverse events at the hands of the US Food and Drug Administration ," said Ramesh Adige, former executive director at Ranbaxy.
Considering their expertise in their respective fields, it is possible that the entrepreneurial bug has bitten them, Adige said. Ranbaxy's troubles with the US drug regulator, which began in 2006, exploded into a crisis in September 2008, when the FDA banned more than 30 medicines manufactured by the drugmaker at two of its Indian facilities.
In December 2011, the problems culminated in a consent decree with the FDA, with the company promising to take corrective steps to improve manufacturing practices.
Subsequently, last year in May, it pleaded guilty to felony charges related to drug safety and agreed to pay $500 million i n civil and criminal fines under a settlement with the US Department of Justice . A few months later, FDA banned products from its plant at Mohali and Toansa.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Pakistan ceasefire violationceasefire-violations/news    Cached
Latest News headlines on India Pakistan Ceasefire Violations from NDTV.COM. 'What Happened to Your 56-Inch Chest?' Nitish Kumar's Dig at PM Modi. No Dialogue With ...

India vs West IndiesAngelo Mathews Wants Settled Sri Lanka for England Series
NDTVNov 21 10:23 AM
Despite Sri Lanka's humiliating 5-0 loss in the ODI series vs India, skipper Angelo Mathews was not in favour of making a lot of changes to the side that faces England in the seven-match ODI series.

India Super League 2014Indian Super League
12th Oct - 20th Dec
The Indian Super League, officially known as the Hero Indian Super League for sponsorship reasons, will be a professional football league in India. The league will be one of the top tier football leagues in India, the other being the I-League. It will feature eight franchise teams from all around India.[2] The league will run from October to December, with a finals series determining the champion. Wiki

RR Patil rape remarkzeenews.india.com/tags/RR-Patil.html    Cached
Raj Thackeray hits back at RR Patil over rape remark. Maharashtra Navnirman Sena chief Raj Thackeray on Saturday attacked senior NCP leader RR Patil for his ...
More search results

Malala Yousafzai biopichtml    Cached
Malala Yousafzai Biography. Malala Yousafzai is a Pakistani school pupil and spokesperson for women’s right to education. In retaliation for her high profile ...
www.imdb.com/name/nm5324796    Cached
Malala Yousafzai, Self: Daily Mirror: The Pride of Britain Awards. Malala Yousafzai was born on July 12, 1997 in Pakistan.

Sridevi legal noticelegal...    Cached
'Sridevi Slaps A Legal Notice On Ram Gopal Varma' on Yahoo Movies India. Seems like Ram Gopal Varma is in no mood to improve. First, he got roped in for portraying ...

Inside the exciting world of Bollywood triviaEYE BROWSE
Inside the obsessive, compulsive, addictive world of Bollywood trivia
What book was Sharmila Tagore reading in the 1969 film Aradhana, and did she really write an email to her fans 30 years later about what she was really reading? Why do we know so little about stuff that goes on in Bollywood movies and why is the documentation so dodgy? Why do we like it anyway?
By Diptakirti Chaudhuri | Grist Media –  Mon 13 Oct, 2014
Print
Sharmila Tagore in a still from the 1969 film Aradhana
In 1999, a pretty unusual thing happened to an e-group of Bollywood enthusiasts who were animatedly discussing one particular piece of trivia – several decades old – about the book Sharmila Tagore was reading during the song “Mere sapnon ki rani” from Aradhana. Before the days of pausing YouTube, this was a pretty difficult question to answer – on account of it being a pretty difficult frame to catch – and protracted discussions ensued even after the real answer was revealed (she was reading an an Alistair Maclean thriller, When Eight Bells Toll). Till the following mail arrived.
From: "Sharmila Thakur" <sharmitag@hotmail.com>
Date: Wed, 10 Mar 1999 21:50:21 PST
X-Mailing-List: quiznet@egroups.com
X-URL:  http://www.egroups.com/list/quiznet/
I understand that there is some debate about the book I was holding in a train when Rajesh was moving his lips and almost falling out of the jeep in the movie "Aradhana".
It is time to reveal a secret after so many years. It wasn't an Alistair MacLean book at all. Only the cover was from Alistair MacLean's "When Eight Bells Toll". Inside it, I was carrying a railway time-table. Many keen fans (such as those who ask such questions in the first place) may have observed that I refer to a railway time-table in a subsequent scene. This railway time-table was that railway time-table.
As for the cover itself, it's from the Fontana paperback version of the book and shows a helicopter and a man in a diver's rubber suit in the foreground.
I hope that this settles the issue once and for all. I ought to know. I was there.
As to why nobody from the film unit revealed the secret until now, the reason is that we anticipated a lot of discussion on the question thirty years down the line from intelligent fans like you. Every fan counts towards the box office as you know.
I am sure at least one intelligent person from among you will now point out that Aradhana is not thirty years old. I am afraid I will not participate in the heated discussion that is bound to follow.
But my best wishes are with you.
Sharmila
This mail is a brilliant symbol of the wonderfully chaotic and interesting world of Bollywood trivia. In a group of regular Bollywood fans, why would a top star of the yesteryears appear and throw such a googly? Every bit of common sense would indicate this letter is a hoax but for the trivia-bhakt, it is something one cannot be sure of. And that is such a great thing!
When I wonder where my interest in Bollywood trivia started, it goes back something I share with many such fans – quizzing.Growing up in 1980s Calcutta, quizzing was a part of life. The O’Briens – led by patriarch Neil – and many other doyens of quizzing served up questions at these events and most of them were bloody tough and gratifying. If you could answer them, that is. Strangely (or perhaps not-so-strangely), Bollywood questions were the absurdly easy parts in these quizzes. In one open quiz, in which Derek O’Brien himself was a participant, it was asked: “If Gone With The Wind is GWTW, what is DDLJ?” Yes, you read that right. This was clearly an exception, but for the most part, Bollywood questions in general quizzes were either too easy or frustrating, largely on the lines of “Who composed the music for...?” after playing an audio clip of a not-so-famous song.
But there were exceptions, and cool ones at that. Long-time quizzer Ujjwal Deb remembers quizmaster Movin Miranda playing this song and asking the seemingly random question: “What was the number of the truck Dev Anand was driving?” (The song was from the film Nau Do Gyarah, which was also the number of Dev Anand’s truck).
Dev Anand in a still from the1957 film Nau Do Gyarah
This kind of question – what quizzers call ‘workoutable’ – is most important for a quiz to be interesting, says Ashwin Kumar SV, who quizzes quite often. But quizzers admit that Bollywood questions were, by and large, there just to make up the numbers and were restricted to identifying adaptations and rip-offs or the music. Quizzing enthusiast Gaurav Sabnis (who is now a professor in marketing in the USA) feels that very few quizmasters managed to get the perfect balance in Bollywood trivia questions; most of them were too easy or too obscure to be interesting.
Radio is abuzz with quizzes that give away prizes every hour, and many of those questions are on Bollywood. All movie channels on TV dish out snippets of trivia several times a day. A very large part of these questions cater to the lowest common denominator and are around movie releases and star birthdays. The longer format of traditional quizzes – rounds of question and answer – has never done too well either on radio or TV.
Aficionados remember a national Bollywood quiz on Radio One called “Bollywood Ka Badshah” in 2005. It had several rounds of elimination in which Bollywood buffs participated enthusiastically, leading to the finalists being flown down to Mumbai for the finale – all supported by a hilarious advertising campaign .
While this show did not continue for further seasons, it nevertheless gave executives of the movie channel Sahara Filmy the idea for a similar quiz on TV. Some qualitative research showed encouraging viewer response to the concept of a Bollywood quiz, and in 2007, “Bollywood Ka Boss” was born. The choice of quizmaster was Boman Irani, who is a huge fan of Bollywood trivia himself, and he conducted the quiz with his customary gusto. The channel executives were all sold on the concept and the show was well-promoted , but the show didn’t do well and never got renewed after the first season.
Sony Entertainment’s movie channel SET Max runs a trivia slate during most movies. Called “Extraaa Shots”, it gives out nuggets about the film that’s playing, and is a long-running property. This was extended into a quiz show – “Extraaa Shots Challenge” – hosted by actor Divya Dutta and pitched as “Filmon ka Board Exams”. Again, it was promoted very heavily and had a companion quiz book with it, but did not run for more than a season, prompting the belief that it did not do too well.
Former Sahara Filmy executive Anurag Bakhshi (who was part of the team behind “Bollywood Ka Boss” rationalizes this: “Bollywood knowledge is seen as frivolous and not considered 'General Knowledge'. There is nothing to be gained, either knowledge-wise or monetarily. On top of that, it is not really the end of the world for the losing contestants who are clearly there to have fun.” Without either a big reward or a major risk, the TV quizzes on Bollywood end up having a very niche appeal.
While the mainstream media has not been able to put together a sustained burst of trivia around India’s biggest obsession, Bollywood trivia does flourish outside the purview of formal competition – on Internet chat forums and Facebook groups.
The biggest benefit the Internet brought to niche interest groups was discovery (and to some extent, aggregation). Fans of Kanti Shah – the maker of several B-grade movies in Hindi – never realized there were other like-minded people in the real world because it was taboo to admit that you had watched the director’s films. With the anonymity of the Net, you confessed your guilty pleasures and discovered there were people all over the world who shared your undying loyalty to the ‘auteur’.
Similarly, Bollywood trivia buffs have had long and often volatile discussions on obscure elements of Hindi cinema, many of which are based on personal experiences and midnight inspirations.
For example, the Facebook group Indian Film Quiz saw a question a few days back: “Who sang just one line – Akbar tera naam nahin – in the “ Parda hai parda ” song from Amar Akbar Anthony?” Many regular fans of the Manmohan Desai classic would be hard-pressed to remember that that one line was picturized on Amitabh Bachchan – to know who actually sang it could well be impossible. (In an interview, Pyarelal – who partnered Laxmikant to become one of Hindi cinema's most successful composer duos – once gave, he said it was Amit Kumar who sang that line because Kishore Kumar, who was Amitabh Bachchan’s regular playback singer in the film, asked for his regular fee even for that one line). However, the singer and the composer both confirmed the information in an interview and the question became the subject of a hectic discussion on the Facebook page.
While Facebook has been around for only about seven years and cinema discussing groups for even less, passionate discussions on Bollywood have been almost as old as the Internet. Chat boards and subsequently e-groups provided a convenient ground for Bollywood fans from across the globe to interact. These groups are perfect for niche discussion threads, where only fans can come and discuss.
And suddenly having a superstar – La Tagore – to settle a debate is a fantastic thing.For a hobby in which documentation is dodgy and multiple versions of the same event are part of the norm, these seemingly authoritative sources provide great joy. Till of course you realize that Sharmila wasn’t holding a railway timetable in the next scene.
Long frustrated by the lack of definitive material on Hindi cinema, Diptakirti Chaudhuri has recently written a book on Bollywood trivia. Bollybook: The Big Book of Hindi Movie Trivia is now available in leading bookstores.
Recommend

GoPro stock gets hurt on injury chatterGoPro stock gets hurt on injury chatter
By: Matt Krantz October 13, 2014 3:01 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
Getty
GoPro’s (GPRO) stock is down 8% on reports a retired race car driver sustained serious head injuries wearing the company’s camera while skiing last year.
The stock, which has been a rocket-ride since its initial public offering this year, is down Monday by $7.27, or 8%, to $77.83. The stock had been down as much as 14% as investors digested the news coming from the New York Post and other online news outlets.
According to the reports, Michael Schumacher, a 45-year-old Formula One racecar driver, suffered brain injuries and hemorrhaging following a crash while skiing in the French Alps in December. Schumacher’s son attributes his dad’s injuries to the fact he was wearing a GoPro camera mounted to his head at the time of the incident, according to the reports.
Much of the speculation arise from a comment made over the weekend by racing commentator Jean-Louis Moncet who said on the radio that the seriousness of the injury suffered by Schumacher was linked to the mounting of the camera. But in a Tweet sent earlier Monday, Moncet wrote: “STOP ALL SPECULATION. I say I saw Mic Schumacher, I dont says where, I dont say I talk with him or I did an interview with him. Clear ?” (sic)
GoPro cameras are often mounted on the top of helmets worn by extreme sports enthusiasts. This precarious mounting positions allow the users to capture compelling first-person video footage. But this report is one of the first to call into question the safety of such mounts.
The company did not have a comment, according to spokesman Jeff Brown.

Infosys  Wipro mega wealth creators on Dalal streetYou are here: Home > Collections > Infosys
Infosys, Wipro among mega wealth creators on Dalal Street
Prashant Mahesh, ET Bureau Oct 14, 2014, 12.56PM IST
Tags:
bonus share
(A bonus share issue signals…)
Last week, Infosys announced its sixth bonus share issue since its listing in 1993. A study of the company's bonus issue history reveals how it has aided wealth creation.
If an investor bought 100 shares at Rs 95 (Rs 9,500) in its IPO and held it till date, he would be holding 25,600 shares after the latest bonus. The value of these shares is Rs 5.05 crore (execluding dividends).
A bonus share issue signals a management's confidence in the company's prospects as it issues fresh shares to shareholders from its reserves. Infosys's rival Wipro has been a bigger wealth creator for loyal shareholders after 10 bonus issues and two stock splits.
An investor in Wipro would be holding 960,000 shares, assuming he bought 10 shares in its IPO for Rs 100 per share in 1980. Today, the value of these shares would be Rs 56.11 crore (excluding dividends).
These examples emphasise the importance of staying invested in a company for the long-term to make the most out of it. But, traders argue that it is next to impossible to spot the prospective wealth creator in fickle business environment.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Xiaomi hires ex-Google exec as product managerandroid
(Hugo Barra, the company's…)
NEW DELHI: Chinese smartphone maker Xiaomi has hired a former Google executive to manage its product strategy in India where the Chinese company is facing a lot of flak over inventory handling: its hugely popular handsets are sold out within seconds during online sales.
In a Facebook post, Hugo Barra , the company's vice-president of international operations and a former Google executive himself, said Jai Mani would join Xiaomi as lead product manager of its operations in India. He has already relocated from San Francisco to Bangalore, Barra wrote.
According to Mani's LinkedIn profile, he is currently product manager and co-founder of a startup. At Google, he was last a Google Play strategy and analytics associate. Mani joins Xiaomi at a time when the company is taking on devices backed by Google's Android One project, with comparable prices and features.
Mani may have to do some damage control initially as Xiaomi focuses on India as one of its top markets. It has been drawing the ire of those who have been unable to lay their hands on its smartphones because of the limited inventory. However, all those frustrated at missing out on the Redmi 1S flash sales can take heart. Now, Xiaomi says it will offer 1,00,000 units at each of these weekly events on Flipkart, ramping up production to meet demand. "For Redmi 1S, we actually had to take volume away from all the other markets to be able to meet demand in India," said Barra.
"For Redmi 1S, we knew that we had to sell 100,000 devices a week; that was our target and that's where we are now. We will not be selling out in seconds anymore, but maybe in hours." Xiaomi only sells its devices in India through Flipkart.
Of the three devices announced by the company for India, the Mi 3 and Redmi 1s have been launched, while the third, the Redmi Note, will be introduced in December at Rs 9,999.
The company will likely introduce its flagship Mi 4 smartphone in India in late December or early January next year. Barra added that Xiaomi was also working on bringing the Mi Pad (a 7.9-inch Android tablet) and the Mi TV 2 (a 49-inch, smart TV) to India in 2015, along with accessories such as the Mi fitness band and headphones.
Xiaomi, referred to as 'the Apple of China', has moved up the sweepstakes globally by offering high-end features at lower prices and using online sales to drive volume. The strategy has helped the company overtake market leader Samsung in China in the second quarter. The device-maker has been accused of adopting ideas from Apple a number of times.
When asked about this recently, Apple's head of design Jonathan Ive said, "I don't see it as flattery. I see it as theft."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Expectation of price fall triggers drop in gold demandUpdated: October 11, 2014 23:20 IST
Expectation of price fall triggers drop in gold demand
Ramnath Subbu
Tweet
The demand for the metal seems to have been impacted by a strong U.S. dollar and its negative impact on gold prices.
The demand for the metal seems to have been impacted by a strong U.S. dollar and its negative impact on gold prices.
TOPICS
gold and precious material
The festival season is at the door, and yet for the most cherished commodity for Indians, gold, the demand — which normally spikes in this period — has been only tepid. This is reflected in the price of the yellow metal, which fell to a 15-month low at Rs.26,560 per 10 gram last week before some recovery. Gold closed the week at Rs.27,180 in Mumbai.
The demand for the metal seems to have been impacted by a strong U.S. dollar and its negative impact on gold prices. Besides, the expectations of the U.S. Federal Reserve hiking interest rates have dented gold’s appeal.
In India, the lack of a clear price direction and the expectation of lower prices have been key drivers in deterring purchases among physical buyers and a similar mentality has prevailed in the investor demand. “We have been seeing a build up of short sellers and outflows from exchange traded funds (ETFs) continue,” Fund Manager at Quantum AMC Chirag Mehta said. “In India, physical buyers have been waiting for gold to come down to Rs.25,000 levels to enter the market,” said Nitin Nachnani, Commodities analyst at Geojit BNP Paribas. “However, in the domestic market, technically there is a strong support at Rs.26,200 levels and Rs.25,000 levels are unlikely to be seen in the current calendar.”
Alternative investments such as equities have rallied by more than 30-35 per cent in the last year, and the quarter results are expected to start trickling in. “However, stock prices seem to have discounted the good results and factored them in, and it would have to be something exceptional to trigger renewed interest. Besides, in the last few weeks, foreign institutional investors (FIIs) have been huge sellers in the economy, and this has not be positive for equities,” Mr. Nachnani said.
Indian gold price has fallen 20 per cent in the last two years from the peaks, and analysts feel, at current levels, it does offer a ‘fair’ value. “There is apprehension as to whether gold prices have bottomed out. At around $1,200-mark, one should slowly start seeing smart money move to gold despite the negative momentum. This is because the prices are closer to the all in cost of producing an ounce of gold, which was around $1,200 per ounce levels,” Mr. Mehta said.Internationally, gold has recovered well from $1,180 (a strong support level) to $1,230 per ounce, which is indicative of a strong move, analysts feel.
Swiss referendum
Switzerland is to hold a referendum on November 30 on gold. If passed, it would mandate the Swiss central bank to hold a minimum of 20 per cent of foreign reserves in gold against a level of 7.7 per cent today.
As the central bank had reportedly sold 60 per cent of gold reserves over the last decade, it is expected that the country would need to buy around 1,500 tonnes of gold over the following three years to have a stronger gold-backed currency.
“This would be a major development to watch out for and could have a huge impact on the price of gold going forward,’’ Mr. Mehta said.

Got Rs 399 You can now rent and drive a car for the full dayTerms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

Protests bare Hong Kongs sharpening social dividedemonstration
Hundreds of taxi and truck drivers along with their supporters forcibly removed barricades, set up by the agitators, at a major protest site.
The protests in Hong Kong have bared the island’s sharpening social divide, when on Monday, hundreds of taxi and truck drivers along with their supporters forcibly removed barricades, set up by the agitators, at a major protest site.
The collision between students and sections of the working class seemed to be solidifying as 14 taxi, minibus and lorry groups plan to seek a court injunction to bar leaders of the Occupy movement from blocking major roads on Hong Kong Island and in Mong Kok.
"The Occupy movement is actually causing a lot of inconvenience. Under common law it is nuisance. The party affected is entitled to seek damages and also to apply for an injunction," the website of the South hina Morning Post, quoted solicitor Phyllis Kwong as saying.
At a press conference, Mr. Kwong, who is supporting the 14 transport groups, said that at least seven organisers of the movement would be named in the injunction, which he hoped would be filed “as soon as practicable”.
Earlier the police dismantled blockades in six locations, including two roads in the troubled Mong Kok area, but said it meant to take possession of government property and not to uproot the protests The police used loud hailers to make their point, and students, while recording the loading of the undone barriers on trucks, did not interfere.
By evening, anti-occupy activists gathered in strength to outnumber the protesters in Mong Kong, yet again demonstrating that their hold on this zone of mixed affluence, known for its violent underclass, was increasingly tenuous.
The Hong Kong protests highlights the clash of visions — between China’s “one country-two systems” approach, which allows relatively free social expression, and promises calibrated democracy from 2017 onwards in the territory, against unqualified universal suffrage that the student-protesters demand. Analysts point out that the Chinese authorities are unlikely to budge from the “one country-two systems” approach, as this formulation has laid the foundation of the political integration of Hong Kong and Macau with China, and extends Beijing’s approach towards Taiwan.
The Chinese blue-print has been anchored in the Basic Law of 1990, which became the basis of negotiations with the British authorities, leading to Hong Kong’s integration with China in 1997.
At a press conference in Guangzhou, Hong Kong Chief executive Leung Chun-ying made it plain that he would not resign from his post, in deference to the protesters’ demands. “It is not about the person. Whoever takes the chief executive’s position has to abide by the Basic Law and the decisions of the National People’s Congress. I have made it clear my heart will follow this,” he observed

China heads for Q3 GDP slumpSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Hudhud leaves Vizag in ruins; power supply hit  food runs outUpdated: October 14, 2014 11:46 IST
Vizag struggles to cope with Hudhud havoc
G.S. Subrahmanyam
Tweet
PTI A view of the damaged airport in the aftermath of Cyclone Hudhud in Visakhapatnam on Monday.
Trees move violently as wind blows at a speed of 220 kmph in Visakhapatnam on Sunday evening. Photo: K.R. Deepak
People wait in front of a petrol bunk at Siripuram in Visakhapatnam in the aftermath of Cyclone Hudhud on Monday. Photo: K.R. Deepak
TOPICS
Power supply hit, food runs out
Cyclone Hudhud that battered the city on Sunday disrupted life.
Power supply was hit as poles were uprooted and transformers ripped out and strewn on the road. Numerous trees that got uprooted snapped the power lines. Without power there was neither water supply nor phone connectivity. Mobile networks were down in most parts of the city. There was no milk supply on Sunday or Monday morning in many parts of the city.
People who had not anticipated the severity of the cyclone made a beeline for street corner shops for milk and provisions. Long storage ultra heat treated milk was sold at a premium. Bread and other ready-to-eat foods quickly disappeared off the shelves.
“I bought everything but overlooked stocking up milk on Saturday evening and had to make do with black tea for the whole of Sunday,” consultant ophthalmologist U.S.N. Murthy said on Monday as he bought UHT milk. His cousin was fortunate as the milkman came to deliver milk at his doorstep later in the day.
“We had to get our neighbours to help clear the broken trees that blocked their homes as there were no civic staff or ministerial workers visible to clear the roads,” said company secretary of Visakha Industrial Water Supply Company Ltd Y. Subba Rao.
Glass shards from the facades of modern buildings and window panes lay scattered on the roads.

Lalit Modi s RCA ouster completedMore
Modi rival makes move to take over RCA
Amin Pathan, who allegedly ousted Lalit Modi as the Rajasthan Cricket Association president on Saturday, has been allowed to enter the RCA office.
By Amol Karhadkar | ESPNcricinfo –  Sun 12 Oct, 2014 7:30 AM IST
Tweet
0
Amin Pathan, who allegedly ousted Lalit Modi as the Rajasthan Cricket Association president on Saturday, has been allowed to enter the RCA office with his his colleagues and supporters on Sunday. After claiming to have taken over as acting president, it is understood that Pathan's team has started proceedings to get clearance from the state government and then try and end the impasse with the BCCI.
Lalit ModiThe new development in the BCCI-RCA standoff will not impact the selection procedure that will begin in the coming week. The Jaipur High Court order on October 1 made it clear that once the state teams were selected, they would continue until the end of the season even if the BCCI and RCA reach a settlement. "If the team has already been selected pursuant to the arrangement aforesaid, the participation of the said team should continue irrespective of the event of settlement of dispute between the BCCI and RCA or any court order," the order stated.
When Pathan and his supporters had tried to enter the RCA premises on Saturday evening they were prevented by the police because they did not have the requisite documentation. On Sunday afternoon, after Pathan's aides submitted letters of all 23 district representatives supporting the resolution to remove Modi, along with deputy president Mehmood Abdi, secretary Sumendra Tiwary and treasurer Pawan Goyal, the police allowed them to enter the office in the evening.
It is understood the new office bearers, including Pathan, acting secretary Shakti Singh and acting treasurer Mohammad Iqbal, then met with some of their colleagues to chalk out the future course of action. Pathan's lobby is believed to have written to JC Mohanty, principal sports secretary of Rajasthan's state government, requesting him to approve the resolution to replace the RCA governing body. Since the RCA is governed by the Rajasthan Sports Act, every administrative change has to be ratified by the state government.
The Pathan group is also believed to have sought an appointment with BCCI secretary Sanjay Patel at the earliest. Since Patel was in Dubai over the weekend to attend ICC meetings, his response is expected over the next couple of days.
Modi's group remained tightlipped about their plan of action. If the state government allows the Pathan group to take over, the associates of the former IPL chairman are expected to move court, requesting it to reinstate an elected body.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Most Popular

6 ways to profit from the sell-off6 ways to profit from the sell-off
By: Matt Krantz October 13, 2014 8:00 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
(PhotoDisc Inc.)
Market crashes aren’t much fun — unless you have cash ready to scoop up stocks at lower prices. And there’s a group of beaten-down stocks  that market pros still love that are suddenly much more attractively priced.
There are just six stocks in the Standard & Poor’s 500, including Delta Air Lines (DAL) , General Motors (GM) and designer Michael Kors (KORS) , that have been punished in the market sell-off but are still highly rated and seen having significant upside.
To make this list of stocks for opportunists scouring the market’s wreckage, these stocks must meet a number of tough standards. First, they need to be on sale — big time. All of these stocks are down 20% or more from their 52-week highs.
But at the same time, they must be seen as attractive. This isn’t damaged goods. All of these stocks are rated “buy” or “outperform” by Wall Street analysts and are also rated “attractive” or better by New Constructs , according to a USA TODAY analysis of data from S&P Capital IQ. New Constructs is a market research firm that analyzes stocks’ cash flows to find those trading below their estimated market value.
Lastly, all these stocks have the potential for upside — and lots of it. Each of these stocks has 35% potential upside to price targets set by Wall Street analysts, according to S&P Capital IQ data.
Finding a bright spot in the market is getting increasingly difficult. The market’s recent tumble has yanked the S&P 500 down 5% from its 52-week high. Even stocks that couldn’t seem to go down are suffering. That’s enough to send some nervous investors running. But that selling begets a possible opportunity for savvy investors looking to pick up top-rated stocks at a fraction of their price just weeks ago.
Take the example of Delta Airlines. Fuller flights have turned airlines into big winners this year. Delta’s stock has been gaining altitude all year — until just recently. It’s now down 23% from its 52-week high from just a few weeks ago. The stock has been such a huge winner that even after losing 23%, it’s still up 20% this year. This is a stock that’s universally loved, still. Analysts have a “buy” rating on the stock and see 57% potential upside to the 18-month price target of $51.56.
Analysts remain bullish on both big U.S. automakers. Take Ford, which has long been a favorite with Wall Street analysts. The stock is down 24% from its 52-week high, but analysts still think it has some gas. Wall Street analysts rate the stock “outperform” and see 35% upside before it hits its 18-month price target of $18.66.
Missed the superstar stock Michael Kors, which has been shooting higher since its initial public offering in 2011? You have another shot if the analysts are right. The stock has been smacked 27% from its 52-week high and is now off 9% this year. Even so, analysts rate the stock an “outperform” and New Constructs calls it “attractive.” If the Wall Street analysts are right, this stock still has 41% potential upside to the 18-month price target.
Keep in mind that if this pullback turns into something more serious, there could be more downside even to these beloved stocks. If you think this pullback might turn into a more serious correction of 10% or more, there’s an entirely different set of stocks to consider that are more about playing defense than offense.
STOCKS IN THE S&P 500, DOWN 20% FROM THEIR 52-WEEK HIGHS, WITH TOP RATINGS FROM WALL ST. ANALYSTS AND NEW CONSTRUCTS AND 35% OR GREATER UPSIDE TO PRICE TARGETS
Company

Analysts expect strong rally on RILAnalysts expect strong rally on RIL post Q2 result; Rs 1000 level not far
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 13, 2014, 07.51PM IST
Tags:
Angel Broking
(Reliance Industries Ltd…)
NEW DELHI: Strong results by oil & gas major, Reliance Industries Ltd for the quarter ended September 30 is likely to fuel a strong rally on Tuesday which may push the stock higher towards levels of Rs 1000, say analysts.
"We should very clearly see a reset of sorts with the stock moving back into that Rs 1050 kind of zone post Q2 results. Now, it might seems steep because it is almost like 100 bucks from where it is - but maybe if it does not do it tomorrow, the it will do in the next couple of days," said Prakash Diwan, Director - Altamount Capital Management.
"We should see some very significant amount of change in outlook and re-rating for the stock which has just kind of been sideways in anticipation of weak GRMs," Diwan is of the view that it is time for people start valuing the retail and other businesses for Reliance and Rs 1050 is very logical level to look at.
Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL) posted a net profit of Rs 5972 crore, up 1.7 per cent YoY in the second quarter of the current financial year. This was above ET Now estimate of Rs 5600 crore.
The outperformance was driven by strong growth in its US shale business and refining margins. The oil & gas major reported a net profit of Rs 5,873 crore in the year ago period.
The GRMs for Q2 came in at $8.3/bbl versus $7.7/bbl YoY. The sales figures for the second quarter were reported at Rs 1.13 lakh crore versus Rs 1.06 lakh crore, up 6.6 per cent YoY.
"Oh! It is a beat by at least Rs 300 crores on the bottom line and it was expected to perform much worse. We were working with a number of around $7.9 to $8 to a barrel and a $8.3 GRMs is clearly a very pleasant surprise," said P Phani Sekhar, Fund Manager-PMS, Angel Broking.
"A lot of bad news is already in the price of Reliance and with this kind of 6 per cent to 7 per cent outperformance, the market would perceive it much more favourably and expect modest gain of 1.5 per cent to 2 per cent in the stock on Tuesday," he added.
Ahead of the results, Reliance Industries ended 0.26 per cent lower at Rs 957.85 on Monday. It hit a low of Rs 948.80 and a high of Rs 964 in trade today.
RIL has been trading with declining bias since June, 2014 (down nearly 10 per cent) and has retraced from Rs 1100 levels to monthly support area of around Rs 920 in September 2014, but analysts are of the view that the stock has potential to touch Rs 1100 in next 6 months. But, the short-term trend still remains sideways.
  "Investors' can uphold their position as Reliance has potential to retest 1100 in next six months and it also hold strong support around 900-920 zone so the profit to loss ratio is quite favorable for investment at current juncture," said Ajit Mishra, AVP - Equity Retail Research, Religare Securities Ltd.
Long term support level for RIL is at around R 950-960, and in long-run stock would be able to sustain this level.
"Therefore, I would suggest the investors to hold the stock above support and could book partial profit above INR1,120," said Tushar Pendharkar, Equity Strategist, Right Horizons Financial Services.
"One could continue to HOLD and ACCUMULATE stock at current price levels," he added.
Technical indicators are looking positive for the stock with Slow Stochastic and RSI indicating a strong recovery for the stock. ADX (25) is also strong for the stock suggesting an uptrend is setting in.
"CMF is showing positive signs indicating money is flowing into the stock and Volume Indicators are showing that the stock is very active. Going by Technicals, the stock is a clear BUY," said S M Sakthi Prakaash" Lead Analyst, WealthRays Securities.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Stock pullback: How risks piled upSHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange on Oct. 10, 2014. (Photo by Spencer Platt/Getty Images)
The seeds of the current stock market turbulence and steep selloff were planted back in April when popular momentum stocks first rolled over. And bearish clues and worries, despite being ignored, have been piling up ever since.
The stock market broke last week in a rollercoaster ride that knocked the Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index down 3.1%, its biggest weekly loss since May 2012. The wild price swings of 1% or more in four straight sessions to end the week marked the wildest ride for investors since a similar scare in late October and early November in 2011. The selling continued Monday with the Dow down about 165 points, or 1%, in late trading.
But despite the feeling that the market turbulence came quickly and with little warning, the truth is signs of market risks started piling up as far back as April. That’s when so-called “story stocks,” or high-fliers in the social media and biotech and small-company stock space, all rolled over, sending a yellow warning flag for all of Wall Street to see. Back then the Russell 2000 small-cap index tumbled 9.3% from its prior closing high to its May pullback low.
But investors shrugged off the warning. In fact, the Dow Jones industrial average, which hit its first record close of 2014 on April 30 and had four records under its belt on May 15, went on to make 14 new record highs before notching its 18th — and last — record close of the year on Sept. 19.
Despite the market’s run-up to record highs, risk after fresh risk started to appear, a string of yellow warning lights flashing on Wall Street. But like a driver seeing the yellow light and knowing a red light is going to appear soon but speeding through the intersection anyway, investors ignored the yellow flags and kept buying stocks at a breakneck pace.
Here are the warning signs — in chronological order — that started to pile up months ago and which investors ignored until last week when they finally spooked them enough to dial back their helpings of stock:
1. Momentum stocks’ spring swoon. It was an early sign, but when all those red-hot social media and Internet and biotech stocks went into a tailspin in April and May, it signaled that the market’s most aggressive pockets were beginning to unravel and were losing their important leadership status.
2. Fed chief warns of pockets of overvaluation. On July 15, Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen rocked markets when she said that areas of the stock market were getting frothy. In the Fed’s biannual report accompanying Yellen’s prepared remarks to Congress, the Fed cited pricey valuations among some “momentum” stocks as a potential cause for concern.
“Valuation metrics in some sectors do appear substantially stretched–particularly those for smaller firms in the social media and biotechnology industries,” the Fed said.
A veiled warning straight from the Fed’s top banker was not only unusual, but harkened back to the famous “irrational exuberance” speech back of ex-Fed chairman Alan Greenspan in December 1996.
3. Downed Malaysia Airlines jetliner. The shooting down of the commercial jet over Ukraine on July 17 ushered in a heightened period of geopolitical risk that has weighed on investor sentiment ever since. The deadly crash resulted in a Cold War-like standoff between the U.S. and Russia. The Moscow and Ukraine crisis also was the spark that caused the U.S. and Europe to slap economic sanctions on Russia, which have not only hurt Moscow’s economy but the eurozone as well, especially Germany, which is a major trading partner with Russia.
Ironically, July 17 was also the day that Israeli troops launched a ground invasion of Gaza. (Since then, the Islamic State has also entered the picture, putting the threat of terrorism back on the table.)
4. Argentine debt default. The Dow fell 317 points on July 31 when news broke of Argentina’s debt problems. It was yet another sign that many parts of the global financial system remain strained years after the 2008-09 financial crisis.
5. S&P 500 close above 2000. History was made on Aug. 26 when the S&P 500 topped the 2000 milestone for the first time in history. The index peaked at 2011.36 on Sept. 18 but has since tumbled 5.2% from its high. Big, round numbers always create excitement on Wall Street, but these milestones also can be viewed as a sign that the market is priced for perfection and due for a breather or price pullback.
6. Apple rolls out new gadgets. In another sign of investor exuberance, Apple’s launch of iPhone 6, AppleWatch and ApplePay on Sept. 9 was well-received, yet another sign of a market getting overly giddy about both Apple’s and the broader market’s prospects. Optimism is often a bearish contrarian sign, as too much ebullience is often a sign that much, if not all, of the good news is already priced into the market.
7. Scottish independence vote. The “No” vote prevailed on Sept. 18, but the fact that Scotland almost split from England gave investors pause and was yet another geopolitical shock to the market’s nervous system.
8. Alibaba’s hyped IPO. When the Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba became the world’s biggest IPO in history on Sept. 19, it signaled to many Wall Street skeptics that investor sentiment was hitting a bullish extreme. Some argue that the market might have put in a top the day the so-called BABA-mania was at its apex. Ironically, the S&P 500 hit an intraday record of nearly 2020 on the day of the Alibaba IPO, a level it hasn’t seen since.
9. “Bond King” bolts to Janus. When Bill Gross, arguably the world’s most-influential and powerful bond investor, left his firm PIMCO on Sept. 26 for the smaller mutual fund firm Janus, it sent an unnerving message that all was not stable in the bond market and that even the best money managers can stumble.
10. Hong Kong protests. When pro-democracy student protesters clogged the streets of Hong Kong on Sept. 29 it gave financial markets pause as it sent a message that political instability is just a protest away anywhere on the planet — and that even China could be thrust into a crisis that could potentially roil markets and hurt the global economy.
11. Ebola crisis. On Oct. 1, the first patient diagnosed with the Ebola virus on U.S. soil put the crisis that began in West Africa on squarely on American soil. While nobody is predicting a pandemic, it is just another risk for Wall Street to worry about.
12. ECB second-guessing. When European Central Bank chief Mario Draghi failed on Oct. 2 to roll out a U.S.-style program to buy eurozone government bonds in an attempt to jumpstart the eurozone economy, investors reacted with disappointment. They fear the eurozone economy will fall into a deflationary spiral if the ECB doesn’t get more aggressive.
13. Fed minutes warn of foreign economic risk. A day after weak economic readings out of Germany,  the Oct. 8 release of the Fed’s minutes from its September meeting spooked investors, as Fed chair Yellen stressed that weakness in the eurozone economy and a strengthening U.S. dollar were a risk to global growth. This, along with a downgrade of global growth estimates by the International Monetary Fund last week, cemented fears of a global growth slowdown.
14. Volatility returns to markets. The Dow suffered closes of 200 points or more three straight days last week, with two to the downside, reminding investors that the stock market is a risky place.
 

Wall Street drops more than 1% in late selloff; energy  airlines fallWall Street drops more than 1% in late selloff; energy, airlines fall
By Reuters | 14 Oct, 2014, 02.49AM IST
READ MORE ON » Wall Street
US stocks dropped more than 1%, with the S&P 500 closing below a key technical support level, as declines in energy and airline shares led a late-day selloff.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: The S&P 500 dropped more than 1 per cent and posted its worst three-day slide since November 2011 on Monday following worries that global economic weakness will dampen US earnings, along with concern about the spread of Ebola.
After trading nearly even for much of the session, stocks fell sharply late in the day and the S&P 500 closed below its 200-day moving average for the first time since Nov. 16, 2012. The CBOE Volatility index ended at 24.64, its highest close since June 2012.
Investors reacted to a witch's brew of negative catalysts that included a widening Ebola scare, the potential impact on US earnings from tepid global demand, plunging oil prices and a breakdown of technical support levels.
The day's worst-performing sector was S&P energy, which lost 2.9 per cent. It is down 7.6 per cent for the last three sessions, its worst three-day slide since September 2011. Shares of ConocoPhillips slid 3.3 per cent to $68.07.
"There are worries about how corporate earnings are going to come out later on this week. The dollar has been on an uptrend and that's going to hurt earnings for global companies," said Giri Cherukuri, head trader at OakBrook Investments LLC, in Lisle, Illinois.
This week will be one of the busiest weeks of the reporting period, with results from Dow components Intel, Johnson & Johnson and General Electric on the agenda.
Airline and other travel-related stocks fell after a Dallas nurse contracted Ebola while caring for a dying Liberian patient.
Shares of United Airlines fell 7.3 per cent to $40.55, while shares of Carnival were down 4.6 per cent at $33.88.
The Dow Jones transportation average dropped 2.2 per cent and is now down 11.1 per cent from its record close on Sept. 18, which puts it in correction territory.
Page 1 of 2

Message of hygiene will make Reckitts bran...amitabh bachchan
Reckitt Benckiser (RB) is working to launch a series of Dettol brand variants at low price points to drive volumes in tier-II and tier-III towns, RB India managing director Nitish Kapoor says. Kapoor, who started his working life as a trainee subeditor in The Telegraph newspaper, took charge of Reckitt Benckiser's India business in January this year, having spent 21 years with the British consumer products maker in various sales, marketing and management roles across countries including the UK and South Africa . New low-price variants will be one of RB India's biggest pushes to accelerate volumes, he told ET in an interview. Edited excerpts:
Your global CEO Rakesh Kapoor had said in his Q2 earnings conference call that there has been a modest reduction in the growth rate of the India market. How much has the India business been impacted?
Nitish Kapoor: It's true that most brands haven't seen the best times, as they were seeing, say two years ago. The economy isn't as robust as it used to be and the FMCG market across categories has slowed down. But the important thing is, we have been gaining both share and penetration during these challenging times. Is anyone across sectors losing confidence in India? Not at all. We are all confident that markets will accelerate again in the medium term.
Many of your products such as AirWick air freshener, Veet hair remover and Vanish stain remover are aimed at mid to high-income consumers. Doesn't this alienate rural consumers?
Nitish Kapoor: Not at all. Affluent consumers in villages and tier-III and -IV towns are very much buying AirWick and Vanish. There can be short-term gains riding on market strategy but that's not the long-term solution to driving volumes. So our emphasis is going to be on market penetration. We are working at bottomof-pyramid pricing and sizing, whether it's for Dettol soap and liquid, Harpic or Lizol. Itch Guard and Ring Guard are already being sold at Rs 11 for 5 gram packs.
Dettol remains the No. 2 brand in the anti-germ space after Lifebuoy. How will you accelerate the brand's growth?
Nitish Kapoor: Going by Nielsen numbers, Dettol is a Rs 3,000-crore brand. We are continuously working on options to extent its potential beyond established ones like plaster, sanitiser, soap, shaving, antiseptic liquid and kitchen gels. Some, like talc, didn't work, which is fine. We are working on variants which would consume very little water for washing hands, for example. Overtaking the category leader is always an ambition, but going by the number of categories the brand is present across, the Dettol franchise is clearly bigger. It is our single largest brand. And while all our brands have significant spends, they can't match those of Dettol.
What incremental sales do you expect from your 'Banega Swachh India' campaign?
Nitish Kapoor: If the economy is vibrant and the message of hygiene gets across to people, it makes our brands that much more relevant. The fiveyear Rs 100-crore campaign, with Amitabh Bachchan as the face of the campaign, is not a marketing activity for Dettol. We are advertising Dettol separately. For example, we are reaching out to school children and new mothers in government and private hospitals to spread the importance of hygiene.
What percentage of your advertising spends are on digital media now?
Nitish Kapoor: Spends on digital have more than doubled over the past year. That's where you can get more consumer engagement.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Car sales falls in Sept  cos pin hopes on Di...Prices | Financials | Company Info | Reports
NEW DELHI: Car sales in India fell in September, bringing an unpleasant surprise to an industry that had taken growing volumes in the previous four months as a sign of better days ahead. Overall passenger vehicle sales — of cars, utility vehicles and vans — rose, but still industry executives cited lower car sales as a concern.
"While the stock inventory was high, not many customers came to buy new cars in September," said Vishnu Mathur, director-general of the Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers (SIAM). "We are hopeful that half a dozen festivals, including the all-important Diwali, (in October) will trigger demand and bring back sales into the positive territory."
With the onset of the festival season, car sales were widely expected to rise in September as well and manufactures had kept large inventories to meet the demand. But many potential customers delayed purchase decisions expecting higher discounts during October, said industry executives.
With several major festivals this month, with Diwali being the biggest when sales usually peak, the industry is hoping car sales to return to the positive territory again.
According to SIAM data, domestic passenger car sales fell 1.03% to 1,54,882 units in September. Overall passenger vehicle sales rose in the past month by 3.26%, helped by strong demand for utility vehicles, which saw volume growing almost 25%. Honda Motor's Mobilio multipurpose vehicle was one of the main drivers of this growth.
Car sales rose 3% in May this year after falling for two years, and then expanded by 15%, 5% and 15% in the following three months, which had led many to consider it as a definite sign of an uptrend.
Last month too, some of the big players in the market, such as Maruti Suzuki , Hyundai Motor, Honda and Nissan Motor , posted impressive sales growth. But the industry was dragged by sluggish performance of American and European car companies such as General Motors, Ford Motor, Renault , Volkswagen and Fiat. Seven of the 17 carmakers operating in India posted lower sales in September.
Industry captains remained uneasy on the slack September performance and raised a question on the long-term recovery of the auto sector. "Any possible turnaround of the industry seems far away. As there is not much change in the fundamentals, with disposable incomes not surging while inflationary pressures continuing, customers are avoiding new car purchases," said Rakesh Srivastava , senior vicepresident for marketing and sales at Hyundai Motor India.
P Balendran, vice-president for corporate affairs at General Motors India, said: "The complete recovery of the automobile industry is still some time away. Though there is some positive movement in the market due to the festival season and new launches in the past few weeks." While car sales were a concern, the performance of other segments brought some cheer.
Two-wheeler sales climbed 24% to 15.56 lakh units. Scooters posted the steepest climb at 38%. Motorcycle sales increased 19% to 10.56 lakh units. Commercial vehicle sales rose 9% to 56,140 units, marking a positive turnaround after a 16-month gap. "We are optimistic that the economy is slowly turning around as commercial vehicles, a barometer of economic activity, have shown a slight uptick," Mathur of SIAM said.
Analysts tracking the market said that the green shoots of recovery were indeed visible, but the auto industry would need more time to make aturnaround. "Positive market sentiments on the back of first-time buyers (returning to the market) and opportunities for upgrades, combined with the festive season demand, are supporting the overall momentum in market, but the response is quite laggard," said Amit Kaushik, principal analyst, autos, at IHS Automotive, an international consultancy firm.

Indian football gets Rs 600 crore out of ISLIndian football gets a Rs 600 crore kick out of ISL
ET Bureau Oct 14, 2014, 05.51AM IST
Tags:
All India Football Federation
(Backers feel event will…)
KOLKATA: Brand football has got its biggest boost so far in the country with the Indian Super League, which kicked off on Sunday, attracting total spend of around Rs 600 crore, as per estimates by the All India Football Federation (AIFF).
Reliance Industries, co-promoter of the Indian Super League (ISL), believes the new league — that brings many international stars and the glamour and pomp of Bollywood to Indian football — will help the country improve its world football ranking significantly from 158 at present and eventually play the FIFA World Cup. "That's the ultimate objective," Mukesh Ambani, chairman and managing director at Reliance Industries, told ET.
"Look at Kuwait and how they came all out of the blue into the World Cup. If Kuwait can, why can't India?" Ambani said RIL will fully support the development of soccer in India. "The ultimate objective of the new league is to raise the bar of the game to the extent that India can send a team to the World Cup," he said. "The quality of Indian football is going to improve more. This is just the beginning and to achieve that ultimate goal whatever is needed will be done. From my side, I am always there."
Ambani's point was endorsed by Bollywood superstar Amitabh Bachchan . "It will take time, it's just the beginning of this new league. We need to cultivate players," he said. "Kolkata is the home ground for football, this is where the country's club concept was born. So there is a strong possibility of the World Cup dream getting realised sooner or later, there is no doubt about it," Bachchan told ET at the inaugural ISL party on Sunday. His son Abhishek Bachchan, who is co-owner of the Chennai team, said, "The league has just started and every team will go from strength to strength as we progress, a clearer picture will emerge." Other celebrities owning ISL teams include Sachin Tendulkar, MS Dhoni, Sourav Ganguly, Hrithik Roshan , Ranbir Kapoor and John Abraham.
One thing is already clear: there's no shortage of funds. ISL — co-promoted by RIL, IMG Worldwide and Star India — has already attracted several corporate sponsors including consumer electronics giant Samsung that joined on board in the last moment. Others backing the event include PepsiCo , Hero, Amul, Muthoot Group, Puma, Dr Reddy's Lab and Maruti Suzuki.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Cyclone causes 3rd ODI to be cancelledMore
Third ODI abandoned because of cyclone
The third ODI between India and West Indies on October 14 in Visakhapatnam has already been abandoned because of a cyclone on the country's east coast.
By Amol Karhadkar | ESPNcricinfo –  Sun 12 Oct, 2014 7:30 AM IST
Tweet
0
The third ODI between India and West Indies on October 14 in Visakhapatnam has already been abandoned because of a cyclone on the country's east coast. The game will not be rescheduled and the series is now a four-match contest.
The Indian Meteorological Department had issued warnings about Cyclone Hudhud at least three days in advance, but the BCCI decided against moving the game out of Visakhapatnam, a port city where the cyclone made landfall on Sunday. A BCCI source said it would have been logistically difficult to move the match to another venue in two days time.
With flight services to and from Visakhapatnam suspended, both teams remained in Delhi, where they had played the second ODI on October 11. It is understood the managements of both teams have been advised to be prepared to travel to Dharamsala for the fourth ODI. BCCI joint secretary Anurag Thakur, who is also the president of the Himachal Pradesh Cricket Association, the governing body of the Dharamsala stadium, said it was yet to be decided whether the teams will travel to Dharamsala on Tuesday or Wednesday.
"Due to extreme weather conditions, the BCCI has had to cancel the [third] ODI. It is disappointing but we cannot overcome natural calamities," Thakur told ESPNcricinfo. "Even though the host association was hopeful of staging the match if weather cleared, the BCCI didn't want to take any risk."
This is the second time in the last five years that a cyclone has washed out an ODI in India. The seventh match of Australia's tour in 2009-10, to be held in Mumbai, was abandoned because of Cyclone Phyan off India's west coast.
The series is level 1-1 after India won the second ODI against West Indies in Delhi.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Most Popular

Make in India: Why India can t afford to go the China way in manufacturing(This government, like the…)
By: Sriram Ramakrishnan
West Bengal's fertile landscape was once dotted with buzzing factories and giant furnaces surrounded by worker bee colonies signifying its pre-eminent position as the vanguard of India's re-industrialisation. Today, industry is dying in Bengal and the landmarks of India's partial victory over poverty now languish, neglected both by the state and by the industrialists who built them.
Kolkata is now a city in transition, a phase in which its best young talent, desperate for jobs, leave the state while the rest of the citizenry groan under widespread misgovernance and, some would say, state-sponsored thuggery. In such a situation, the achievements of young Pallav Nadhani are quite remarkable.
In 2002, Nadhani became one of the first few Indians to create something unique and new in the world of software products. At a time when India's software outsourcing industry was known for its call centres and code writing, he not only fashioned a data visualisation product on his own, but also turned it into a successful business venture. FusionCharts' products have since been used by many around the world with Nadhani and his team especially proud of one customer in particular: US President Barack Obama. The firm now has 23,000 customers and 5,00,000 developers in 120 countries.
The scandal-plagued and ideas starved Mamata Banerjee government can take some inspiration from Nadhani's example as it attempts to revive West Bengal's lost industrial glory. What the state needs is not an ugly sprawl of polluting factories belching smoke and poisoning rivers but an intelligent use of intellectual capital that will give freedom for innovators to flourish and hi-tech industries to establish roots.
Only Saleable Ideas
But politicians are a different breed when it comes to common sense and practical ideas. They prefer grand visions, adventurous agendas where money can be splurged, support bought over and key special interest sections placated. Prime Minister Narendra Modi's 'Make in India' is one such grand statement. Nothing wrong with its aim.
Nobody would argue with the idea of a manufacturing revival. But what's important is the way in which this is sought to be accomplished. This government, like the previous UPA one, may make the mistake of listening too much to western businessmen and investors constantly on the lookout for cheap destinations for manufacturing given that China has now become expensive.
Manhole covers in New York prominently sport the 'Made in India' label, as if Indians are only known for making low-grade stuff. It makes sense for westerners to tout our manufacturing prowess.
However, we should not fall into that trap and allow ourselves to become another base for cheap manufacturing and to be dotted with sweatshops and polluting industries.
 
China has fashioned itself as a factory to the west and the results are there for all to see. Visitors are often wonderstruck by the grandeur and wealth of Beijing and Shanghai. But the true scale of China's environmental catastrophe is only now becoming clear. Mothers in Beijing are able to take their toddlers out for a stroll only with an oxygen mask, while lovers are more afraid of air pollution than leery louts when they venture out in the park.
India has its own share of environmental problems and they have only multiplied in recent years due to neglect, corruption and the excesses caused by crony capitalism. The World Bank estimated last year that environmental degradation was costing Indian economy $80 billion, or 5.7 per cent of its annual GDP.
AWHO study found this year that Delhi suffered from the worst air pollution in the world. Our attempts to revive manufacturing should not cause us to repeat mistakes of the past or those made by others.
Value Entrepreneur
Now, people like Nadhani are not examples of hi-tech prowess on the lines of an Apple or a Google. Rather, he is a smart entrepreneur who has used his skill to fashion products and services that he believed were necessary to the market. In the process, he has delivered value to himself and his employees. India has a number of such smart entrepreneurs. Many are in manufacturing and in software services and are waiting for an opportunity to make an impact with their prowess and technical skills.
Didn't Get it Right
In a 2005 discussion paper, Harvard professors David Clingingsmith and Jeffrey Williamson made some key arguments for India's deindustrialisation in the 18th and 19th centuries. First, the dissolution of the Mughal empire with its concomitant dislocations eroded the strength of the textile industry. This industry was hurt yet again in the 19th century due to British advances in textile production techniques and the global transport revolution that lowered textile prices. While agriculture recovered somewhat, the industrialisation did not start till the 1860s.
India is no longer a textile-dependant economy. Our challenges are bigger and our expectations heightened by an aspirational generation that wants a better quality of life. China can keep its factories. India should take the road less travelled if it wants to make the difference.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Game changer Why online retail firms like Amazon  Alibaba make offline buysYou are here: Home > Collections > Offline
Game changer? Why online retail firms like Amazon, Alibaba make offline buys
ET Bureau Oct 14, 2014, 03.24AM IST
Tags:
Alibaba
(India's fast-growing online…)
BANGALORE | NEW DELHI: Until now they defined their identity and earned their spurs by differentiating themselves in convenience and pricing from their brick-and-mortar cousins, but can online retailers look to subsume them for the next stage of their evolution?
India's fast-growing online retailers, who are bubbling with energy and flush with investor money secured at eyepopping valuation multiples, could potentially buy department store chains, a move observers say, will precipitate consolidation in the market and redefine the sector.
Such an outcome would be a logical step, some argue, because online retailers are rapidly gaining market share as well as mind-share, putting them in a position to take over leadership of the industry.
"I think online players should make offline acquisitions as the momentum is with them right now," said Arvind Singhal, chairman of retail advisory firm Technopak. "A big chunk of customers still buy offline and acquiring a brick-and-mortar chain could be a powerful customer acquisition tool for online sites in certain categories."
According to Technopak, the Indian retail industry is valued at $525 billion (Rs. 31.5 lakh crore, or about a quarter of India's GDP) now, with online's share at about 1 per cent. By 2020, the retail industry is estimated to double in size while online will grow more than six-fold.
As for regulations barring foreign investment in multibrand retail, Vaibhav Parikh of law firm Nishith Desai Associates is of the view that as wholesale cash & carry is FDI compliant business, an online e-commerce company with FDI can buy it but cannot buy consumer retail business. However, buying a brand could be possible. "My view is that there is no restriction for a marketplace to manufacture and sell under their own brands, though there is some lack of clarity in law," said Parikh.
Globally, there is a move by online retailers to spread their wings into the world ofbrick and mortar. Last week, Amazon announced that it is setting up its first offline store in New York. Earlier this year, China's Alibaba bought a 25 per cent stake in a large department store chain, Intime Retail, for a little less than $700 million (Rs. 4,280 crore). This investment is probably a classic example of how online retail giants with much higher market value can buy into traditional retail. Alibaba's idea is that customers can shop in Intime's online store through Alibabs's online marketplace Tmall and then physically pick up the purchase at one of Intime's 36 department stores.
Mukesh Bansal, board member at India's largest online retailer Flipkart and chief executive of fashion site Myntra, said certain types of offline acquisitions make sense for online retailers. "Acquiring brands is very interesting for us," said Bansal, whose firm was acquired by Flipkart earlier this year. "The ones with a distinct brand presence and a small offline retail footprint are of interest," he said, emphasising that no such acquisitions are in the pipeline.
Online retail portals like Flipkart, Snapdeal and Amazon have grown rapidly in the past couple of years. Market leader Flipkart is targeting $3 billion (over Rs. 18,300 crore) in total value of goods sold this fiscal. Last month, Amazon chief Jeff Bezos told ET the value of goods sold by Amazon India in a year had topped $1 billion (over Rs. 6,000 crore). Snapdeal too has crossed the $1 billion milestone this year.
In comparison, Tata group's retail divisions, including Titan, Croma, Trent and Landmark, had revenue of about Rs. 17,000 crore. Kishore Biyani's Future Retail had revenue of Rs. 11,336 crore in fiscal 2014.
But what gives reason for pause is the contrast in the valuations. When Flipkart raised funds this year, it was valued at $7 billion. Delhi-based Snapdeal was valued at $1 billion. In comparison, Trent has a market capitalisation of Rs. 4,546.08 crore and Future Retail less than Rs. 3,000 crore. These firms are also wellfunded. Flipkart raised $1 billion this year and Amazon's Bezos announced investment of $2 billion (Rs. 12,200 crore) in its India operations.
Concepts that caught the fancy are 'Webrooming,' which means customers research products and prices online before buying in a physical store, and 'Showrooming', where customers see a product in a store but buy it online after comparing prices. Alibaba acquisition of a stake in Intime seeks to stay in step with changing customer behaviour.
 
In India, if an online retail site were to buy and operate offline brand the model will be very different from what is traditionally in brick-andmortar world, with further blurring of walls separating online and offline. "Offline will be more about experience; it will be about the concept and brand interactions. It will not be a distribution strategy," said Myntra's Bansal.

Petrol prices may fall by Rs 1 a litre befo...You are here: Home > Collections > Litre
Petrol prices may fall by Re 1 a litre before Diwali
Rajeev Jayaswal, ET Bureau Oct 14, 2014, 03.16AM IST
Tags:
BPCL
(The government, which regulates…)
NEW DELHI: Petrol prices are poised to fall to a 16-month low before Diwali as state oil firms plan to cut rates by about Re 1 a litre because the global oil market is in a bear phase, with Brent crude dropping more than 20 per cent since its June peak, government and industry sources said. The government, which regulates retail prices of diesel, is also considering cutting diesel prices as retailers are getting over Rs 3 per litre more than the market rate, sources said. State-run Indian Oil Corporation ( IOC ), BPCL and HPCL are expected to hold a meeting this week to slash petrol prices. But, the decision on diesel price cut would require a Cabinet approval, which is expected after assembly elections, sources said.
The Cabinet on June 2010 freed petrol from price control and took an in-principle decision to deregulate diesel prices in an opportune time. In January last year, the government allowed state-run oil marketing firms to raise diesel rates in small monthly doses of around 50 paise per litre until pump prices are aligned with market rate, sources said.
Intent of the government was to deregulate diesel once its pump price was aligned with the market rate. Diesel sales are revenue positive from September, but the government has decided to watch the volatility of the international oil market for some more time before taking a view on deregulating it. The oil ministry is awaiting the decision of higher authorities before the matter is taken to the Cabinet, sources said. It was seen that the demand of petroleum products in Western countries jump during the winter season due to a sudden rise in energy demands for heating. That may lead to a spurt in fuel prices. As diesel price may stroke inflation , the government is taking a very cautious approach, sources said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Hollande  Obama urge  stepped-up  global efforts on EbolaHollande  Obama urge  stepped-up  global efforts on Ebola
Beijing s blockbuster subway growthMost stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer .
Morningstar: © 2014 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2014. All rights reserved.
Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved.
Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2014 and/or its affiliates.
© 2014 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy .
.

Chinese like capitalism more than AmericansThe Chinese like capitalism more than Americans
By Heather Long   @byHeatherLong October 14, 2014: 10:21 AM ET
Atlas holds up the world in a statue in front of Rockefeller Center in New York City.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
The United States may be the poster child for capitalism, but people living in China, India and Vietnam are bigger believers in the free market than Americans.
Pew Research surveyed people living in 44 different countries this spring. They asked a simple question: Do you agree with the following statement: "Most people are better off in a free market economy, even though some people are rich and some are poor."
Worldwide, two-thirds of those surveyed agreed, giving capitalism a thumbs up.
But the results get more interesting at the country level. In the U.S., 70% agreed that the free market is the way to go. Compare that to China (76% agree), India (72%) and South Korea (78%).
Vietnam dwarfed everyone though, with a whopping 95% in favor of capitalism.
The results are somewhat surprising for China given that the communist government has presided over a decade of incredible economic growth of over 7% a year.
"We've seen widespread support [in China] for the free market since 2002 when we began asking this question there," says Katie Simmons, a senior researcher at Pew. "They've consistently been one of the highest countries."
Simmons notes that China has enacted numerous reforms to open up the country's economy since the 1970s.
This latest Pew " global attitudes " survey shows that developing nations overall are more optimistic about the economy and the future than people living in developed countries. Parts of Europe are growing especially pessimistic.
Related: What does it take to get ahead around the world?
About half the population in both Spain and Greece no longer think the free market is the ideal. In fact, Spain, which still has an unemployment rate close to 25%, saw the largest drop in support for capitalism since 2007. The financial crisis and sluggish recovery have chipped away at support for capitalism.
The results for both China and the U.S. stayed almost exactly the same as the 2007 survey.
But the biggest doubters of capitalism among the 44 countries Pew polled can be found in Argentina. Only a third of those surveyed agreed with the statement that the free market system is best.
Argentina has struggled with price spikes for basic goods and several defaults on the nation's bond payments.
First Published: October 13, 2014: 1:37 PM ET
Most Popular

Abigail Johnson becomes Fidelity CEOAbigail Johnson becomes Fidelity CEO
By Jesse Solomon   @JesseSolomonCNN October 13, 2014: 4:19 PM ET
Abigail "Abby" Johnson is now CEO of Fidelity, making her arguably the top American woman in finance.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
One of America's largest money managers is betting it will benefit from a woman's touch.
Fidelity Investments announced in an internal memo Monday that Abigail Johnson, whose grandfather founded the firm in 1946, has assumed the role of CEO.
She takes the reigns from her father, Edward C. Johnson III, who will remain Fidelity's Chairman.
Related: Is it time to exit stocks?
Though not totally unexpected, the news that Johnson will be at the helm one of the investing world's biggest mutual fund companies marks a major step for women in an industry long dominated by men. Privately-owned Fidelity provides financial advice to 23 million customers and oversees $5 trillion in assets. That's more than the annual GDP of Japan.
The move makes Johnson arguably the most only prominent female in American finance, other than perhaps Federal Reserve Chief Janet Yellen.
Ana Botín, Chairman of Spanish banking behemoth Banco Santander, took control of the company last month after her father Emilio Botín died suddenly of a heart attack.
Related: Seniors in almost every state are struggling to afford retirement
Compared to other corporate leaders on Wall Street, the 52 year-old Johnson is decidedly low key.
Having joined her family's firm in 1988, she previously held the title of President. She regularly lands on the list of the richest Americans.
"Ms. Johnson has worked in and overseen numerous businesses at Fidelity, giving her extensive insight into how the firm makes financial expertise broadly accessible and effective in helping people live the lives they want," reads her official biography from the company.
First Published: October 13, 2014: 3:58 PM ET
Most Popular

Makers of KitKat and MilkyWay join Ebola fightMakers of KitKat and MilkyWay join Ebola fight
By Ben Rooney   @ben_rooney October 14, 2014: 11:16 AM ET
Health workers in Liberia dress in protective clothing before taking the body of an Ebola victim.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
The world's largest chocolate companies are joining the fight against Ebola.
West Africa is where most of the world's cocoa beans are grown and the companies are concerned that the virus could disrupt supply of the raw material for chocolate. Already, wholesale cocoa prices have been soaring in recent weeks.
Nestlé, Hershey and Mars say they have already responded to a call from the World Cocoa Foundation, a non-profit that helps small cocoa farmers. The group plans to disclose Wednesday how much it has raised. Others in the group include Hershey ( HSY ), Godiva, Ghirardelli, General Mills ( GIS ) and Mondelez International ( MDLZ ).
Donations will go to the International Federation of Red Cross, the Red Crescent Societies, and Caritas, a charity affiliated with the Catholic Church.
Nestlé, the Swiss company that makes KitKat, Butterfinger and Crunch said it is "deeply concerned" about the spread of Ebola in West Africa, where many of its 6,300 African employees are based.
 
Ebola crisis: World Bank pledges $400M
Mars Chocolate -- maker of MilkyWay, Twix and M&Ms -- said it was "happy to support" the initiative.
West Africa produces 70% of the world's cocoa supply. The largest cocoa producer in the world is the Ivory Coast, which has so far avoided contamination. But there is concern that migrant workers may not be allowed into the country to help with this year's harvest. The Ivory Coast, also called Côte D'Ivoire, closed off its borders with Guinea and Liberia in August.
Related: Airlines cancel flights over Ebola fears
More than 4,000 people have died from Ebola in Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone, according to the latest figures from the World Health Organization. If it is not contained, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimates there could be hundreds of thousands of Ebola cases in coming months.
Related: Where your donation dollars go
The United States and other governments have pledged tens of millions of dollars to pay for everything from medicine and protective clothing for aid workers to safe burials for the deceased. Last month, the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation announced Wednesday it will donate $50 million to help fight the Ebola outbreak.
 
Melinda Gates on Ebola: 'Vast inequities'
First Published: October 13, 2014: 5:31 PM ET
Most Popular

Brent crude slides to lowest since 2010Brent crude slides to lowest since 2010 on Saudi output signal
By Reuters | 14 Oct, 2014, 02.16AM IST
READ MORE ON » Brent oil prices
Brent oil prices fell, tumbling more than $2 a barrel intraday to their lowest since 2010, after key Middle East producers signaled they would keep output high.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: Brent oil prices fell on Monday, tumbling more than $2 a barrel intraday to their lowest since 2010, after key Middle East producers signaled they would keep output high even if that meant lower prices.
Brent oil prices have tanked by nearly 25 per cent since June as ample supply coincided with weak demand, raising the possibility that the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) could cut output.
But Saudi Arabia has privately told oil market participants it can accept oil prices between $80 and $90 a barrel, sources briefed by OPEC's biggest producer told Reuters.
Kuwait's oil minister said OPEC was unlikely to cut production to support prices. OPEC ministers will meet to discuss output policy Nov 27.
"It suggests there's some nervousness in the market that Saudis are seeking to bring pressure on the shale producers in the US," said Gene McGillian, an analyst at Tradition Energy.
"The market is in search of a bottom and we're in the process of finding it, we just have to see what OPEC does and where the economy goes," McGillian said.
Brent November crude fell $1.32 to settle at $88.89 a barrel, having slumped to $87.74, the lowest front-month price since December 2010. The intraday low was a contract low ahead of its expiration on Thursday.
US crude fell 8 cents to settle at $85.74 a barrel, having recovered from an intraday low of $84.07.
The spread between the two grades narrowed, falling to less than $3 after regular trading, the lowest since Oct. 7. One trader said the gap had narrowed because of profit taking on the spread, while a second trader said it was due to global growth. Both struggled to identify why the spread had narrowed late Monday.
Page 1 of 2

KPs book biggest work of fiction since VerneLATEST PHOTOS
‘KP’s book biggest work of fiction since Verne’
Kevin Pietersen’s controversial autobiography has ruffled feathers aplenty. Here’s a look at the reaction to the claims that Pietersen has made in the book.
ALSO SEE: Kevin Pietersen Book Signing | Selection of quotes from KP's autobiography | Pietersen reaches out to Strauss | Pietersen still to discover reason for England axe | Pietersen says England return on if ECB chief quits | Revealed: The case against Pietersen | 'Dour' Flower, 'negative' Prior, 'company man' Cook
England fast bowler James Anderson: "The issues that have been brought up are sad really. The dressing room for the seven or eight years we were winning and successful was fantastic. You don't achieve... more 
England fast bowler James Anderson: "The issues that have been brought up are sad really. The dressing room for the seven or eight years we were winning and successful was fantastic. You don't achieve what we did during that period without all the guys pulling in the same direction.”
"I can't get my head round it. He seems like he has not enjoyed it for any of the time he was there, but we all enjoyed it."
No live matches are in progress.
vs.
16 hours ago
CAUTION: You may find some of these images disturbing.
South Australia opener Phil Hughes was struck on the helmet by a bouncer from SNW pacer Sean Abbott. He collapsed and was rushed to a hospital in Sydney where he underwent an emergency surgery. [ Read … More » The Phil Hughes Incident: In Images
Ian Botham: The Man Who Could Do It All
Mon 24 Nov, 2014 12:59 PM IST
Ian Terence Botham, arguably England's most famous cricketer and one of the great all-rounders the game has seen, was born on 24 November 1955 in Heswall, Cheshire. While a controversial player both on and off the field at times, Botham also held a number of Test cricket records, and still holds the … More » Ian Botham: The Man Who Could Do It All
5th ODI: Australia vs South Africa
Sun 23 Nov, 2014 7:07 PM IST
Kohli & Co. Get Down To Business
Sun 23 Nov, 2014 2:02 PM IST
Gary Kirsten - Determined batsman, astute coach
Sun 23 Nov, 2014 11:34 AM IST
Former South Africa opening batsman Gary Kirsten was born on 23 November 1967 in Cape Town. Though not the most attacking batsman, Kirsten had strong powers of concentration and skill as well determination, that made him one his country's best opening batsmen.
Pakistan vs New Zealand, 2nd Test
Mon 17 Nov, 2014 1:24 PM IST
4th ODI: Australia vs South Africa
Fri 21 Nov, 2014 5:31 PM IST
A Tale of Tons at the World Cup
Fri 21 Nov, 2014 12:59 PM IST
Of the 127 centuries scored in World Cups, just two were made in the 1979 edition, while 24 were plundered in the latest 2011 tournament. 22 hundreds have been scored by an Australian and 20 by an Indian across the nine editions.
World Cup: Highest individual scores
Thu 20 Nov, 2014 12:28 PM IST
In this installment of Counting Down to the World Cup we look at the evolution of the highest individual score, from Dennis Amiss' plod against India in 1975, to Gary Kirsten's opportunistic flagellation of the UAE in 1996.
These Men Have More Runs Than Anybody In International Cricket
Thu 20 Nov, 2014 3:31 PM IST
Presenting the 20,000-run club in international cricket—and the gentlemen who may enter it soon. [ALSO SEE: The Highest Run Scorers of All Time ]
Highest Totals at the World Cup
Wed 19 Nov, 2014 2:28 PM IST
That this list includes no items from the first three editions is clearly indicative of the trend of modern cricket that accords the bat, at least in the shorter formats, an iniquitous advantage over the ball. Smaller grounds, heavier willows, field restrictions and changed mindsets may have the purists … More » Highest Totals at the World Cup

In disguise  UP man treks 500km to rescue children from traffickersComments
An Uttar Pradesh man trekked 500km to Nepal to free his three children from human traffickers, disguising himself as a beggar, working at a dhaba, cleaning vehicles and toiling at a brick kiln on the way to outwit the gang.
Jagram and seven others were rescued from the clutches of a human trafficking gang in Nepal. (HT Photo)
Jagram, a shop owner in Bahraich district's Turaini Rajab Kudiya village, finally found his sons being held as bonded labourers with 100 other children at a brick-making unit near Kathmandu in August. Jagram said the children were working under the most inhuman conditions, slaving from 3am to 5pm every day without rest and with just two meals.
Thousands of children are trafficked in India every year for domestic servitude or to work for a pittance in sweatshop-like conditions in hazardous fireworks factories and coal mines apart from the carpet-weaving and silk-manufacturing industries.
The problem was brought into focus last week when child rights activist Kailash Satyarthi won the Nobel Peace Prize. Satyarthi, who has been fighting child trafficking and child labour for decades, estimated about 60 million children in India, or 6% of the population, are forced into work.
Jagram's journey to find his sons wasn't easy. He mortgaged his farmland and set off for Nepal in July on a tip from an NGO.
Twenty days later, Jagram found his boys at the brick kiln, transporting soil and fetching water from a nearby lake. The whole area was well fortified and escape seemed hopeless.
But Jagram was determined. To get closer to his sons, he took up work as a labourer at the factory where he found four more children from his village. He asked them not to reveal his identity and to wait for the right moment to escape.
One night when security eased, Jagram took off with the seven children, but they barely made it to the neighbouring highway when security guards raised an alarm.
The group hid under piles of sand in a paddy field and took a bus next morning to Nepalganj - that shares a border with Bahraich - unaware that they were stepping into a trap.
The traffickers caught them at the Nepalganj bus station, took them to a secluded place and thrashed the victims mercilessly.
Jagram pleaded, saying he would return to his village and they could take the children. On being freed, he approached local police who raided the factory and took the owner and an aide into custody.
Nepal police alerted their counterparts in UP and NGO Childline. The children were escorted to the international border and handed over to UP police who sent them home.
"I dreamt of educating my children and giving them a better life. When flood ravaged my village in 2013, I moved to Lucknow and worked at a construction site while my wife and the three children stayed in the village. I returned on hearing that my sons had gone missing," said Jagram.
Jagram now runs a shop in his village while his sons - Amrit Lal, 15, Nakshed, 13, and Akhilesh, 10 - are in school.
Jitendra Chaturvedi, a member of Childline who also manages the NGO Developmental Association for Human Advancement (Dehat) near the Indo-Nepal border, said the two countries should join hands to check child trafficking and strict action is needed against those involved in such inhuman practices.

Mickey Mouse currency a money spinner for Pacific nation of NiueMickey Mouse currency a money spinner for Pacific nation of Niue
AFP
print
The Pacific nation of Niue has released new coins with images of Disney characters on one side and Queen Elizabeth II on the other — and no, they’re not taking the mickey.
The gold and silver coins produced by the New Zealand Mint are legal tender in the Polynesian island, although experts say it is unlikely any will be used as currency as the precious metal they contain is worth far more than their nominal face value.
“It would be the height of financial folly to buy one of these products and then redeem it at face value for a fraction of that value,” New Zealand Mint chief executive Simon Harding said.
Harding said the target market was the numismatics community, avid coin collectors constantly on the lookout for something different. He said a 1,000-coin run of one-ounce (28.3 grams) silver Donald Duck coins recently sold out in seven minutes.
The most expensive coins currently available are made from a quarter ounce (7.1 grams) of gold and feature a variety of Disney characters such as Mickey Mouse, Goofy, Pluto and Minnie Mouse. They retail for NZ$799 (US$625) although their denomination in Niue dollars is only $25.
Harding said the mint plans to release a Disney coin on Niue’s behalf next month that contains one kilogram of gold. Details of the issue have not yet been released but the gold bullion in the coin is worth US$40,000 alone and only 28 will be made.
Niue, a tiny speck of land with a population of about 1,400 that lies 2,400 kilometres northeast of New Zealand, receives a royalty on every coin sold, which is expected to deliver revenues of more than US$4.5 million over the next 10 years.
It is not the first time Niue has put characters from popular culture on its currency. It issued Star Wars coins in 2011 and last year released currency with characters from the British science fiction show Dr Who.

Cleaning the mess in the coal sectorCleaning the mess in the coal sector
Succession at Infosys: Why Murthy is no  ordinary Joe  despite declining post(By joining shareholder…)
By: Anjana Menon
Infosys, India's storied technology firm that was beginning to lose shine, is not just starting to glow, it is lighting the way. In the latest quarter, it turned in a profit that beat street estimates. The bigger celebration is that its founder and chairman N R Narayana Murthy said he no longer wanted any role in the firm and preferred to be an "average Joe".
By moving away, Murthy has cut the cord from the firm he helped found, leaving its fate to professional managers. By opting to be a mere shareholder, he's telling businesses in Asia to choose shareholder interest over founder control.
Murthy and his fellow architects can be credited for birthing one of India's most-professionally-run big-league firms. Yet, for all the noise on governance, the Infosys management was clingy. Up until this year, the role of the chief executive always rested with a former founder. It never deviated from the belief that having hung around from the start, one must be rewarded with a shot at the top job
Infosys, sadly, learnt the hard way that their mantra did not always guarantee success. Last year, after losing profitability, market share and scores of employees, under one of their founders-turned-CEO, Murthy was forced to reengineer a comeback as chairman. In the 15 months that followed, he was ambushed by a slew of high profile exits, making his return pockmarked and somewhat controversial.
Still, Murthy did manage to steady the ship and bring in more orders. Somewhere along the way, Murthy also looped in an outsider for the top job. He found Vishal Sikka, a former board member of SAP, a giant European software firm.
The first set of earnings under Sikka rocks. He's also laid out a roadmap for growth. That's not to say that Sikka can be credited with the turnaround, because he's only been with Infosys since August. However, he is making the right noises, helped by a fortuitous spike in earnings. To investors, after many quarters of roiling, this must come as a relief.
More subtly, Murthy has shifted sympathies in the knotty issue of 'agency principal' interests. In business parlance, it means a conflict of interest between a company's management and the stockholders. The manager, acting as the agent for the shareholders, is supposed to make decisions that will maximise shareholder wealth. However, often, it is in the manager's interest to maximise his own wealth.
In founder-managed firms, the problem is compounded. While most owners will work hard to grow their assets, in founder-led firms when the CEO is also a founder, it's hard to show him the door, if he underperforms. So, by joining the shareholder rank, and recusing himself of all executive roles, Murthy has thrown in his lot with the common folk. If Sikka doesn't perform, Murthy's sizeable fortune along with retail investors, stands to shrink. It is a winning stamp of approval for the outsider Sikka, and enough to restore the empathy Murthy lost with his second coming.
 
It's an example worth emulating, especially in corporate Asia, where founder-led firms pass on the baton mostly to family. Oftentimes, less-prudent family members make poor managers and reluctant heirs. Still, they are viewed indulgently by appointees, because of the false entitlement from being part of the founder's family, even in a listed firm. In the long run, if these insiders bumble and stumble though board meetings and business briefings, it is shareholders who wilt as the stock value falls.
That's usually exacerbated by the lack of transparency in most firms, where a web of friendly holdings and opaque trusts ensures that founders always remain in control, making the retail shareholder a sideshow. Public shareholders have few, if any, rights, and they hardly ever extend to ousting an underperforming CEO.
In the new global marketplace of nimble entrepreneurs and disruptive technology, founders ought to recognise that letting go may be the best way of getting ahead. If they get professional talent for their companies, it is highly likely they will find the best person for the job, especially when they have little say in management. For shareholders too, there is upside in wealth created by a professional manager, rather than a loss in asset value for the sake of founder control.
The US has several examples of large firms where founders and their families are just shareholders, leaving the rest to professional managers. In Asia, our ambition to excel has so far been restricted to business competitiveness. It's time we competed on probity.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Order on Aircel-Maxis charge sheet on October 29The Hindu CBI had filed the charge sheet in the Aircel-Maxis case against Dayanidhi Maran (Left), Kalanithi Maran(right) and six others, including four firms. File Photo
TOPICS
corruption & bribery
Judge reserves order on taking cognisance of CBI report
A special court here on Monday reserved order for October 29 on taking cognisance of a charge sheet in the Aircel-Maxis deal case in which former Telecom Minister Dayanidhi Maran, his brother Kalanidhi Maran and others have been named as accused.
Special Judge O.P. Saini reserved the order after hearing the public prosecutor for the CBI, K.K. Goyal, who submitted that prima facie, a case was made out against all the accused.
The CBI in August filed the charge sheet alleging that Mr. Dayanidhi Maran had entered into a criminal conspiracy with T. Ananda Krishnan, owner of Malaysian company Maxis, and coerced Chinnakannan Sivasankaran, owner of telecom company Aircel, to sell his shares to the former allegedly in lieu of investments by the foreign company through another company into Sun Direct TV Pvt. Ltd. Mr. Maran is one of the promoters of Sun Direct.
The CBI charge-sheeted them a day after the Supreme Court refused to entertain a plea by Mr. Dayanidhi Maran for restraining the agency from filing the investigation report, taking the plea that the Malaysian part of the investigation was not complete.
The other accused in the case are Krishnan, senior executive of the Maxis Group, Ralph Marshall, and four companies, including Sun Direct TV Pvt Ltd. The CBI in 2011 registered an FIR that Mr. Sivasankaran, who had sought spectrum licence, was forced to sell his company to Maxis.
In March 2006, the Maxis Group had bought a 74 per cent stake in Aircel.

Investors pick stocks of auto cos focused on IndiaInvestors pick stocks of auto companies focused on India, skip exporters
ET Bureau Oct 14, 2014, 06.26AM IST
Tags:
Bharat Forge
(Investors pick stocks of…)
Investors have progressively picked stocks of automakers focused on India rather than export-oriented companies in the sector as projections of global GDP growth have been moderating compared with earlier estimates. As a result, stocks of automakers such as Hero MotoCorp , Eicher Motors and Maruti Suzuki have been outperforming the broader BSE Auto index while investors have pared their positions in the likes of Bharat Forge and Motherson Sumi .
The export-focused auto ancillary companies, once great favourites of investors, have seen a decline of 10-12% in the past month or so. Analysts say that as macroeconomic indicators start coinciding with the projected figures in the second half of the fiscal, the outperformance of automakers focused on domestic sales will sharpen further.
"There are genuine signs of recovery appearing in the domestic market across the vehicle category. Even the heavy commercial vehicles (CV) segment has been showing positive volume growth for the past few months. At the same time, commentary about the global growth is imbued with a more cautionary tinge. So, the bias is certainly towards the domestic auto plays," said Deepak Jain, auto analyst with IDFC securities.
"The next leg of domestic auto play will be driven by the earnings upgrades as outlook for the economy improves," he added.
Hero MotoCorp, Eicher Motors, Maruti Suzuki and MRF have outperformed BSE Auto over the past one month. Hero MotoCorp's stock gained 6% while BSE Auto declined 1.9% during this period. Export-focused Bharat Forge, on the other hand, saw a 12.54% plunge in the past month after delivering spectacular 182% returns in the previous 12-month period. Bharat Forge derives nearly 66% of its revenues from the export income.
The stock of Mothersumi Sumi, which derives 85% of its sales from overseas markets , slipped 8% over the past one month. Cummins India and Tata Motors have similarly underperformed the BSE Auto index.
Investors have turned to the domestic auto plays as forecasters have revised downwards their estimates for global growth. The International Monetary Fund last week reduced its forecast for global growth in 2015 to 3.8%, compared with its July forecast of 4%, after a 3.3% expansion this year.
Second, earnings upgrades in the companies focused on the domestic market are more likely in the days ahead. Analysts are factoring in volume growth of 10-12% for two-wheelers and passenger cars this fiscal compared with 2013-14 and 6% growth in the case of commercial vehicles.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Pre-market: Nifty seen opening higher; RIL eyed post Q2 resultsconsumer price index
NEW DELHI: The 50-share Nifty index is expected to open higher on Tuesday following positive trend seen in SGX Nifty. Tracking the momentum, the index is expected to reclaim its crucial psychological level of 7900 in trade today.
At 07:30 a.m., Nifty India stock futures in Singapore were trading 30.50 points higher at 7940 indicating positive opening on the domestic market.
Investors will keep a close eye on Reliance Industries which reported a 1.7 per cent rise in net profit at Rs 5,972 crore for the three months to September. The oil & gas major also expects up to Rs 10,000 crore capital expenditure in the remaining part of this fiscal.
Market would also react to CPI data which came out post market hours on Monday. Falling food prices pulled down the September retail inflation to 6.46 per cent, lowest since the new series of Consumer Price Index was released in January 2012.
Indian markets closed marginally up towards the end of the Monday's session. BSE's Sensex was up by 86.69 basis points and closed at 26384.07 while NSE's Nifty ended higher by 24.30 points and closed at 7884.25.
Weakness of last week spilled over to the beginning of the present week and Nifty moved well below the support level of 7840, even 7800 in intraday trade.
The level of 7800 is now an immediate term support for the index whereas it has a stiff resistance placed at 7925 and beyond that at 7975, say analysts.
"Till the time it is unable to clear this resistance range the bias may remain weak. Initial sign of strength would come in only if Nifty sustains above 7975, in which case we may see further upside till 8035 - 40 range," GEPL Capital said in a report.
"The level of 7840 (closing) is still a trend reversal level for the index and we continue to recommend a closing basis top loss of 7840 for all Nifty long positions," added the report.
The brokerage firm is of the view that any move and a close below this level can induce deeper declines of up to 3% more from 7840 levels.
Overnight, US stocks ended lower following worries that global economic weakness that will dampen U.S. earnings, along with concern about the spread of Ebola.
"Investors reacted to a witch's brew of negative catalysts that included a widening Ebola scare, the potential impact on U.S. earnings from tepid global demand, plunging oil prices and a breakdown of technical support levels," Reuters reported.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 223.03 points, or 1.35 percent, to 16,321.07, the S&P 500 lost 31.39 points, or 1.65 percent, to 1,874.74 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 62.58 points, or 1.46 percent, to 4,213.66.
Asian shares were trading lower. Japan's Nikkei 225 index which was trading 1.6 per cent lower at 15,044 and Hong Kong's Hang Seng index was trading 0.13 per cent lower at 23,122.
South Korea's Kospi index was trading 0.14 per cent higher at 1,929 and China's Shanghai index was trading 0.01 per cent lower at 2,366.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Asian markets  Wall St fall on growth concernsAsian markets, US bond yields fall on growth concerns
By Reuters | 14 Oct, 2014, 07.19AM IST
0
Share More
A selloff in global equities sent Japanese stocks skidding to two-month lows as heightened concerns about the health of the world economy unnerved investors.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
TOKYO: A selloff in global equities sent Japanese stocks skidding to two-month lows on Tuesday as heightened concerns about the health of the world economy unnerved investors, triggering a shift in funds to safe-havens such as US bonds.
Japan's Nikkei share average fell 1.9 per cent to levels last seen in mid-August. MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan managed to nudge up 0.2 per cent but was still within sight of its 6 1/2-month low hit on Monday.
"There are downside risks to the global economy on the whole. And the G20 meeting last weekend showed there is no panacea to lift the economy," said Hirokazu Kabeya, senior strategist at Daiwa Securities.
The spectre of a possible recession in Europe, a slowdown in China and sluggish growth in Japan have prompted investors to pull some of their money out of equities ahead of the earnings seasons in the US and elsewhere.
The US Federal Reserve is expected to wind up its bond buying scheme later this month -- another reason for investors to be cautious on stocks as the completion of the Fed's two previous quantitative easing programmes triggered a major correction in Wall Street shares.
US S&P 500 fell 1.7 per cent on Monday to five-month low, posting its worst three-day slide since November 2011 while European shares hit a seven-month intraday low.
The volatility index rose to 24.6 per cent, highest level since June 2012, when the world's financial markets were rattled by the European sovereign debt crisis.
Investors are flocking to the safety of government debt, with the 10-year US bond yield slipping to 2.240 per cent , its lowest level since June last year.
The US dollar stumbled after a months-long rally as concerns over the global growth outlook undermined the case for an earlier start to the Fed's rate-tightening cycle.
Page 1 of 2

Cyclone Hudhud hammers Andhra  Odisha; leaves 8 deadCyclone in India kills 8 as typhoon hits Japan
By MOHAMMED SHAFEEQ | Associated Press –  Mon 13 Oct, 2014
Print
HYDERABAD, India (AP) — A powerful cyclone that slammed into India's eastern seaboard weakened as it moved inland Monday, leaving at least eight dead in its wake. Rescue workers readied helicopters, aircraft and ships to carry out relief operations once daylight made clear the extent of damage.
In another storm lashing Asia, Typhoon Vongfong was downgraded to tropical storm as it hit the Japanese island of Kyushu after battering the southern island of Okinawa. At least 37 people were injured, and authorities advised 150,000 people to evacuate. Train service and flights were disrupted in Kyushu and the neighboring island of Shikoku.
Japan's Meteorological Agency said the storm could reach the Tokyo area by early Tuesday.
In India, Cyclone Hudhud moved 150 kilometers (95 miles) north-northwest of the city of Visakhapatnam, where it made landfall Sunday. Weather forecasters downgraded it to a tropical depression, with wind speeds of up to 70 kilometers per hour (45 miles per hour), considerably slower than on Sunday.
The death toll rose to eight, five in Andra Pradesh state and three in Orissa state, mostly caused by wall collapses and falling trees, Indian officials said.
It was still raining across the region, heavily in some places. Authorities plan to make an assessment of the damage caused as the day breaks and then decide on the contours of the relief operations.
Experts said the storm was likely to have caused widespread destruction along nearly 300 kilometers (185 miles) of India's east coast. Communication services and electricity were cut off in some areas.
At least 400,000 people were evacuated from the coastal areas of Andhra Pradesh and Orissa states ahead of the storm, and hundreds of shelters were set up to house them. Visakhapatnam, one of the largest cities in southern India and a major naval base, was bearing the brunt of the cyclone's fury.
Television footage from Visakhapatnam showed downed electrical poles, uprooted trees and massive debris strewn in the streets. Electricity lines were disconnected in parts of Andhra Pradesh to avoid electrocutions, said Arvind Kumar, a relief and rescue official.
Andhra Pradesh's chief minister, N. Chandrababu Naidu, said Sundaythat while the early evacuations had saved lives, the cyclone caused "huge damage" to buildings and crops in the coastal districts.
The Indian Ocean is a cyclone hot spot. Of the 35 deadliest storms in recorded history, 27 have come through the Bay of Bengal - and have landed in either India or Bangladesh. In 1999, a cyclone devastated Orissa's coastline and killed at least 10,000 people.
While India has a disastrous record of response to natural calamities, it managed last October to safely evacuate nearly a million people out of the path of Cyclone Phailin, the strongest tropical storm to hit India in more than a decade. Phailin destroyed hundreds of millions of dollars' worth of crops after it made landfall in Orissa, but claimed only about 25 lives.
___
Associated Press writers Muneeza Naqvi in New Delhi and Yuri Kageyama in Tokyo contributed to this report.
Recommend

Time to counter Chinese dominance in India s Diwali marketChinese lights dominate Indian market ahead of festival of lights
Recommend
Link
1 month 17 days ago, Ani
As customers preferred Chinese items ahead of Diwali, shopkeepers in Uttar Pradesh urged government to start making policies for 'Make in India' initiative to compete in the market. Traders in Kanpur said that to compete with demand for cheap Chinese lamps and lights, the government should formulate policies. A shopkeeper, Hanumanth Dikshit, who has been selling Chinese lights since 15 years now said Chinese products have a strong hold over the market. Another shopkeeper, Atul Tiwari, said if the products, sold by Chinese, could be made in India with better quality, they would have more demand.
More on Ani:
ET NOW - 11 hours ago
LATEST ET NOW VIDEOS
Terms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

Learn 7 new ways to drape your sari7 Different Ways to Wear a Saree with Tutorials
Bollywoodshaadis.com –  Tue 7 Oct, 2014 6:20 PM IST
Share 0
You will be attending a lot of parties, dinners and celebrations this festive season.
It's time to air out all your beautiful sarees and use them to your advantage with your style statement. Do you know there are many saree draping styles, apart from the regular way of wearing the ulta pallu in Nivi style that you can try? These styles can make even one single saree look different everywhere you don it. Well, here is your complete style guide on how to drape your saree in different ways that can instantly transform you into a diva.
#1. Bengali saree draping style
It is one of the easiest ways to drape a saree though the ultimate look might seem to be contrary! It is a style that involves two wide pleats and a large key ring with keys to hold down the double-wrapped pallu. This style is best worn with handloom sarees or light cotton ones, though you can try with a brocade saree as well.
Here is a complete video tutorial to help you out and show how easy a Bengali drape can be. Take a look:
Video Courtesy: Matineemasala
#2. Lehenga saree draping style
When you have to wear your saree for a close one’s wedding, you can drape it to look like you are wearing a lehenga instead! With the help of several pleats tucked around the waist to give the illusion of a lehenga, you can easily convert the regular saree to something more celebratory.
Take a look at this simple video tutorial of how you can tie a lehenga saree and experiment with its pallu styles as well.
Video Courtesy: Nisha Madhulika
Talking about sarees, are you confused about what kind of saree would suit you? Well, then here is your answer. Read: How to Choose a Perfect Saree for Your Body Type
#3. Maharashtrian saree draping style
This style is different from most others preferred by Indian women. The saree is also longer (9 yards, instead of the usual 6) and no petticoat is required to drape it. It is bound to make you look unique among the crowd if you pair this saree with a nose ring and some jasmine flowers for your hair!
Here is your video tutorial on how you can do this Maharashtrian saree draping style at home.
Video Courtesy: Utsav Fashion
#4. Mermaid saree draping style
Though it is suitable for almost all body types, curvaceous ones tend to get an advantage here. The lower portion of the saree is draped to look more like a skirt and gives a slimming look to the wearer. This style is particularly good if the pallu is heavy or the border is embellished.
Here is your DIY video tutorial on how to do a mermaid saree drape at home.
Video Courtesy: Dolly Jain
Also Read:  Best Theme Park Honeymoon Destinations for Newlyweds
#5. Butterfly saree draping style
Also known as the Bollywood style of wearing a saree, the "Butterfly" style is a slight twist to the regular Nivi style of wearing saree. The only difference here is that the pallu is made very thin, such that the midriff or navel is visible. Usually materials, like chiffon, net, etc., are worn with a heavy embellished blouse in this manner.
Here is a video tutorial on how you can ace this Bollywood diva-inspired look:
Video Courtesy: JiilaHub
When it comes to Bollywood diva-inspired looks, there is one we are sure you can't get enough of- Katrina Kaif in Singh is Kingg. So, here is the complete style guide for you on how you can ace that look: Steal This Look- Katrina Kaif in Teri Ore
#6. Rajrani saree draping style
Take out your silks and rich net sarees for the festive occasions and dress up like royalty with this draping style. Rajrani is a variation of the Gujarati saree draping style. The only difference in this style is that unlike others, the pleats are all facing towards the right. The pallu is also draped in the form of a slight “V” in the front.
Here is a video tutorial of Dolly Jain, a saree draping stylist, showing how you can drape a Gujarati style saree and give it a Rajrani twist.
Video Courtesy: Utsav Fashion
Here is something that you should not miss out, before you step out in that sensuous saree: 7 Mistakes You Should Never Make While Wearing a Saree
#7. Mumtaz style saree drape
Who doesn't love Mumtaz's saree from the hit song Aaj kal tere mere pyar ke from the superhit film Bramhachari? That retro look was so stunning that it went on to create a draping style by itself. The style involves draping the saree tightly around the lower body several times, so that it highlights your figure in the best way possible. Though it might not seem very comfortable to many, it still lends oodles of elegance and sensuousness to a newlywed's look.
Here is a video tutorial that makes this look easy and simple for you.
Video Courtesy: Utsav Fashion
Recommended Read: 7 Things You Must Do on The Morning of Your Wedding Day
These are unique styles that can help you stand out among the crowd and create a lasting impression. Initially it might take more than a few attempts before you can nail these draping styles, but they are worth every bit of effort that you put in!
You may also like:

A sweet renunciation and some remote possibilitiesA sweet renunciation and some remote possibilities
N Sundaresha Subramanian |  Oct 13, 2014 10:45 PM IST
In a move that won’t even occur as a stray thought in the minds of the hundreds of families that own companies in India, the promoter-shareholders of Infosys want to know how to become part of its ordinary shareholders.
“The founders have requested the company to seek appropriate classification of their revised status. The company is in the process of seeking appropriate regulatory guidance,” stated Infosys last week.
A total of 19 individuals form the promoter group, presently holding 15.94 per cent of Infosys’ equity. Narayana Murthy, Nandan Nilekani, K Dinesh and S D Shibulal have two children each. The holding of the single-child Gopalakrishnan family is more concentrated, making Sudha Gopalakrishnan the single largest shareholder in this group with 12.29 million shares (2.14 per cent).
Nilekani (1.45 per cent) is the second largest shareholder, followed by Akshata Murty (1.41 per cent) and Rohan Murty, who holds 7.9 million shares (1.38 per cent). Rohini Nilekani comes next with 1.31 per cent and Sudha Murthy, who famously lent Rs 10,000 to her husband to start the company three decades ago, is the sixth largest promoter-shareholder, with 1.27 per cent. Asha Dinesh (1.23 per cent) and Gopalakrishnan (1.16 per cent) are the others over the one per cent threshold.
The remaining 11, including three founders (Narayana Murthy, Shibulal and Dinesh), would not even appear in the quarterly filings, as their holdings are less than one per cent, if the proposal to reclassify goes through.
However as a family, the four Murthys have the largest holding at 4.47 per cent, followed by the Gopalakrishnans (3.41 per cent), Nilekanis (3.34 per cent) Dineshs (2.51 per cent) and Shibulals (2.2 per cent).
It will be interesting to see how this group will vote and use their holding after the reclassification. Assuming they all act as individuals and independent of the others, at some point, the Bangalore Tiger can become a target for an acquisition.
Who could the suitors be? The Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC), which holds 3.82 per cent, emerges as the largest shareholder. Though the fact that the insurer does not have too much interest in running companies might be comforting, its holding is not big enough to shoo away the barbarians who might arrive at the Electronics City gates.
There are 912 foreign institutional investors which hold a little over 41 per cent. About 16.17 per cent of the company is held by foreigners through American depositary receipts. Individual shareholders have about 10 per cent, with local institutions, trusts and corporate bodies splitting the rest. Rivals, who do not own much, might start nibbling. A price spike could follow.
Two Indian companies have successfully fended off takeover bids. Both companies did not have any identifiable promoters but were led by strong personalities who dug in and fought it out.
They also enjoyed the support of LIC, which held a big chunk. Can Vishal Sikka, whose stock options will vest in due course, be what Y C Deveshwar was to ITC and A M Naik to Larsen & Toubro? He should begin by asking for a meeting with the LIC chairman.
The other, remote, possibility is the return of a smaller group of founders or their family members, bored after not finding anything better to do. They will never run out of promoter families, which take pride in air-dropping their sons and daughters into board rooms, for an excuse.

Govt seeks personnel  land data for takeover of coal minesGovt seeks personnel, land data for takeover of coal mines
Shreya Jai | New Delhi Oct 14, 2014 12:50 AM IST
The coal ministry has asked companies for details of blocks allotted to them over the past two decades in preparation for a government takeover of coal mines whose licences were struck down by the Supreme Court last month.
The ministry has asked 204 coal block owners for details of land ownership and human resource deployment. It wants to know the number of employees with a break-up of managers, supervisors and workers in these companies. It also wants to know the land ownership status and whether the remaining land has been acquired and forest and environment clearances granted.
Jindal Steel & Power, Adani Power, Monnet Ispat & Energy, Hindalco, JSW Steel, Tata Power and Essar Group are among a host of companies that have lost rights to mine coal. Approximately 40,000 million tonnes of unexplored coal capacity will move to the government after the court verdict.
The government now faces the issue of acquiring land titles and taking over the mining leases. The Supreme Court cancelled all but four coal block allocations made over two decades. It gave the government six months to decide the way forward and state-owned Coal India to adjust to the changed situation.
The 42 blocks where coal is being mined and whose deallocation is effective from next April have also been asked to furnish details. These blocks will be taken over by Coal India. Around 268.2 million tonnes of coal production will move to state-owned Coal India after March 31, 2015.
"A competent authority will look into which part of what Act needs to be invoked in a certain case, whether the Coal Bearing Act or the Land Acquisition Act. This will be possible after there is clarity on the course of action," a senior coal ministry official said.
The government is seeking corroboration of information on the blocks from the directorate general of mine safety, the coal controller organisation and the coal mines provident fund commissioner.
The Supreme Court had ruled the allocation of coal blocks between 1995 and 2013 was illegal because mandatory procedures under the Mines and Minerals (Development and Regulation) Act were not followed and the Coal Mines (Nationalisation) Act, which disallows mining by private companies, was violated.

3 pilots of Jet Airways found holding expire...Air India
(An internal check by Jet…)
NEW DELHI: Jet Airways' troubles with documentation of pilot records and licences doesn't seem to be ending. The airline has now found that some pilots have been flying without valid annual line check certificates.
An internal check by Jet Airways has discovered that three pilots' certificates had expired, prompting airline officials to raise the alarm. "This is not just a safety issue and the fear is that there may be many more such pilots flying with the airline," said a Jet Airways executive with knowledge of the matter.
Line check certification is a process by which a pilot's flying is monitored by a trainer sitting in the cockpit through a flight to ensure that all defined norms are followed in letter and spirit. During the flight, pilots are expected to use their best judgment, even under unusual circumstances, and have to convince the trainer of their abilities. A mistake by the pilot would warrant further training.
Failure to renew line check certificates of pilots could attract punishment as stringent as grounding of the airline, which experts say could be held responsible for the lapse. An e-mail sent to Jet Airways last Friday and a reminder sent on Monday did not elicit any response at the time of going to print. Jet Airways, controlled by founder and Chairman Naresh Goyal , has about 1,100 pilots. Abu Dhabi-based Etihad Airways owns a 24% stake in Jet.
"This is an airline's fault much more than the pilots'. In such cases, the airline could be grounded, according to the rules," said Mohan Ranganathan, a former member of the Directorate General of Civil Aviation's safety committee.
Of the three pilots with expired annual line check certificates, two had done their line check flights with pilots who were not trainers. The validity of the third pilot's certificate had been wrongly entered, violating line check norms.
"It cannot be termed a mistake if such problems are recurring. It is a lapse on the part of the operational management team of the airline. All the details of training and check of pilots are computerised and it is highly unlikely that someone can miss it. So, either it was fed into the computers incorrectly or it was overlooked," said Shakti Lumba, a former vice-president with Air India and IndiGo.
During a recent training audit on Jet Airways, the DGCA found 131 pilots flying with lapsed proficiency check certificates, which are to be renewed twice a year. The audit was ordered after a Jet Airways Boeing 777-300 ER (Extended Range) operating between Mumbai and Brussels plunged 5,000 feet from an altitude of 34,000 feet.
The audit report had said the airline faces a severe shortage of trainers across its ATR and Boeing fleets.
FEATURED ARTICLES

GDP data all set to be updated by 2015Gross domestic product data all set to be updated by 2015
By ET Bureau | 14 Oct, 2014, 04.20AM IST
0
Share More
The overhaul of the GDP is expected to expand the size of the Indian economy, due to broadening of coverage of unorganised sectors.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Come 2015 economy watchers and experts will have more updated GDP data to analyse the Indian economy that is showing signs of reversing two years of slump. The statistics office said on Monday that the base year of GDP will be revised to 2011-12 and the new data will be available from 2015.
The overhaul of the GDP is expected to expand the size of the Indian economy, due to broadening of coverage of unorganised sectors, agriculture and corporate sector.
"In accordance with the recommendation of the National Statistical Commission to revise the base year of all economic indices every five years, it is proposed to revise the base year of national accounts from 2004-05 to 2011-12 in 2015," ministry of statistics and programme implementation said in a statement on Friday.
The new series will provide more updated information about the Indian economy that has seen a remarkable growth surge from 2004-05 up to global financial crisis in 2008 and deep slowdown in the last couple of months. "The new series of national accounts is tentatively scheduled for release on January 31, 2015," the statement said.
According to experts, widening of national accounts coverage in different sectors will likely push up India's absolute GDP numbers substantially from the Rs. 113 lakh crore in 2013-14.
India is currently the10th largest economy in the world in nominal GDP terms. The changes are based on the recommendations of the Advisory Committee on National Accounts Statistics (ACNAS) headed by Prof K Sundaram.
The new series will incorporation corporate information from the MCA21 database of the ministry of corporate affairs instead of the results obtained from the RBI study on Company Finances, which would mean a more comprehensive inclusion of corporate data in GDP numbers.
CSO will directly source corporate data from the ministry of corporate affairs database of more than 3.5 lakh companies to estimate GDP.
The statistics department currently relies on financials of about 2,500 firms compiled by the Reserve Bank of India to get an estimate for the entire industry. "Use of MCA database will considerably change the manner in which we estimate corporate sector data," said a Mospi official .
It will also help improve accuracy, particularly for the services sector, which accounts for about 60 per cent of GDP.
The revision has got delayed as the earlier exercise with base year 2009-10 had to be aborted as that year there was a severe drought. Base year is carefully selected because of the impact it has on the numbers and is usually choses as one in which no serious anomaly was present.
The new series of Index of industrial production and wholesale price index will be released by March 2016, with revised base of 2011-12.

Uber passes service tax burden on to cab dri...Uber passes service tax burden on to cab drivers, agrees to give info on driver members to taxmen
Deepshikha Sikarwar, ET Bureau Oct 14, 2014, 04.03AM IST
Tags:
Commission
(The company, which has an…)
NEW DELHI: Under fire from the authorities for not paying service tax, online cab service Uber has passed the buck on to drivers or owners registered with it as members.
The company, which has an India subsidiary, Uber India Systems Pvt Ltd , has agreed to provide the authorities with information about its member drivers. This implies that cab drivers working under the aegis of Uber may have to register with the service tax department, pay tax and file returns every month. It could also affect the company's margins if it decides to absorb the tax burden by cutting its commission .
"They have submitted that liability to pay service tax lay with cab drivers. They have agreed to provide information about their cab members," said a department official in Mumbai privy to the development. The probe against the company initiated by the Mumbai service tax authorities looks set to expand now.
The department had asked the local entity's officials to furnish details about the company's cab service operations in the country. Uber B.V. does not have presence in India. Its Indian entity only provides tech support to the parent. Cab services attract service tax in India at the rate of 12 per cent as it is neither in the negative list nor specifically exempted.
Uber allows customers to download an application on their mobiles and use it to book cabs after registering their credit card details. After their ride, customers don't pay the driver , the fare is charged directly to their credit cards.
The company has gained clients the world over after offering high-end cars such as Audis and BMWs to users.
Drivers can also register with Uber to become members. The company deducts 20 per cent from the payment it receives from customers and gives the balance to drivers. Since the service is provided in India, the tax authorities want the company to register as a service provider here and discharge its liability. But Uber B.V. neither has an office here nor a representative , making the task difficult for tax authorities.
Now, with the company's India support arm maintaining that service tax liability lies with the cab drivers, the authorities have a cumbersome task at hand. They will now have to go after small drivers, scattered all over the country where the service is available and ensure that they register, pay tax and file returns.
The San Francisco-based company, in a response to queries from ET, said: "Uber complies with all applicable tax laws and pays the relevant tax in every territory it operates in."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Make in India: Why India can t afford to go ...(This government, like the…)
By: Sriram Ramakrishnan
West Bengal's fertile landscape was once dotted with buzzing factories and giant furnaces surrounded by worker bee colonies signifying its pre-eminent position as the vanguard of India's re-industrialisation. Today, industry is dying in Bengal and the landmarks of India's partial victory over poverty now languish, neglected both by the state and by the industrialists who built them.
Kolkata is now a city in transition, a phase in which its best young talent, desperate for jobs, leave the state while the rest of the citizenry groan under widespread misgovernance and, some would say, state-sponsored thuggery. In such a situation, the achievements of young Pallav Nadhani are quite remarkable.
In 2002, Nadhani became one of the first few Indians to create something unique and new in the world of software products. At a time when India's software outsourcing industry was known for its call centres and code writing, he not only fashioned a data visualisation product on his own, but also turned it into a successful business venture. FusionCharts' products have since been used by many around the world with Nadhani and his team especially proud of one customer in particular: US President Barack Obama. The firm now has 23,000 customers and 5,00,000 developers in 120 countries.
The scandal-plagued and ideas starved Mamata Banerjee government can take some inspiration from Nadhani's example as it attempts to revive West Bengal's lost industrial glory. What the state needs is not an ugly sprawl of polluting factories belching smoke and poisoning rivers but an intelligent use of intellectual capital that will give freedom for innovators to flourish and hi-tech industries to establish roots.
Only Saleable Ideas
But politicians are a different breed when it comes to common sense and practical ideas. They prefer grand visions, adventurous agendas where money can be splurged, support bought over and key special interest sections placated. Prime Minister Narendra Modi's 'Make in India' is one such grand statement. Nothing wrong with its aim.
Nobody would argue with the idea of a manufacturing revival. But what's important is the way in which this is sought to be accomplished. This government, like the previous UPA one, may make the mistake of listening too much to western businessmen and investors constantly on the lookout for cheap destinations for manufacturing given that China has now become expensive.
Manhole covers in New York prominently sport the 'Made in India' label, as if Indians are only known for making low-grade stuff. It makes sense for westerners to tout our manufacturing prowess.
However, we should not fall into that trap and allow ourselves to become another base for cheap manufacturing and to be dotted with sweatshops and polluting industries.
 
China has fashioned itself as a factory to the west and the results are there for all to see. Visitors are often wonderstruck by the grandeur and wealth of Beijing and Shanghai. But the true scale of China's environmental catastrophe is only now becoming clear. Mothers in Beijing are able to take their toddlers out for a stroll only with an oxygen mask, while lovers are more afraid of air pollution than leery louts when they venture out in the park.
India has its own share of environmental problems and they have only multiplied in recent years due to neglect, corruption and the excesses caused by crony capitalism. The World Bank estimated last year that environmental degradation was costing Indian economy $80 billion, or 5.7 per cent of its annual GDP.
AWHO study found this year that Delhi suffered from the worst air pollution in the world. Our attempts to revive manufacturing should not cause us to repeat mistakes of the past or those made by others.
Value Entrepreneur
Now, people like Nadhani are not examples of hi-tech prowess on the lines of an Apple or a Google. Rather, he is a smart entrepreneur who has used his skill to fashion products and services that he believed were necessary to the market. In the process, he has delivered value to himself and his employees. India has a number of such smart entrepreneurs. Many are in manufacturing and in software services and are waiting for an opportunity to make an impact with their prowess and technical skills.
Didn't Get it Right
In a 2005 discussion paper, Harvard professors David Clingingsmith and Jeffrey Williamson made some key arguments for India's deindustrialisation in the 18th and 19th centuries. First, the dissolution of the Mughal empire with its concomitant dislocations eroded the strength of the textile industry. This industry was hurt yet again in the 19th century due to British advances in textile production techniques and the global transport revolution that lowered textile prices. While agriculture recovered somewhat, the industrialisation did not start till the 1860s.
India is no longer a textile-dependant economy. Our challenges are bigger and our expectations heightened by an aspirational generation that wants a better quality of life. China can keep its factories. India should take the road less travelled if it wants to make the difference.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Espirito Santo India arm riding out a stormEspirito Santo India arm riding out a storm
Sachin P Mampatta | Mumbai Oct 11, 2014 07:16 PM IST
Espirito Santo Securities India is unaffected by the declaration of bankruptcy by Espirito Santo Financial Group SA (ESFG) on Thursday, a spokesperson said.
ESFG owned 20 per cent stake in Banco Espirito Santo SA, the Portugese bank whose problems eventually required a 4.9 billion euro bailout earlier this year. The bailout also resulted in splitting the bank into two, one which contained all the toxic assets which led to the fall; and a second bank with sound assets-a 'good bank.'
Subsequently, ESFG declared bankruptcy on Thursday after a court rejection of a request for time to sell assets in a slow and orderly manner, according to international media reports. ESFG does not have any relation with Espirito Santo India Securities, said a spokesperson.
"We are a subsidiary of Espírito Santo Investment (ESIB) which is wholly owned by Novo Banco (i.e. the good bank). Post the restructuring of BES into Novo Banco which is 100% owned by the Portuguese Resolution Fund, ESFG does not have any direct or indirect shareholding in Espírito Santo Investment Bank or it's subsidiaries," it said in response to a Business Standard query.
The Portugese central bank noted that the fallen bank had been involved in irregularities involving lending to other group companies which eventually resulted in losses that caused it to fall short of minimum solvency ratios.
"The results disclosed on 30 July 2014 reflect the practice of management acts seriously detrimental to the interests of Banco Espírito Santo, S.A. and the violation of determinations of Banco de Portugal that prohibited an increase in the exposure to other entities of the Grupo Espírito Santo."
The European Commission in a statement following the decision to bail out the bank, said that the move to split the bank was necessary to avoid risk of 'serious disturbance' to the Portugese economy.
"In its assessment, the Commission acknowledged that a disorderly resolution of BES could create a serious disturbance in the Portuguese economy and that the creation of the Bridge Bank is suitable to remedy that disturbance. The measure allows for the maximisation of the value of the assets and minimises the cost for the Resolution Fund. Furthermore, in order to limit distortions of competition, the new business by the Bridge Bank will be limited and a prudent pricing policy will be implemented," it said on August 4th.
MG Burmans Capital Advisors took a 25 per cent stake in Espirito Santo Securities India (ESSI) in November 2011. MG Burmans Capital Advisors is the investment arm of the Burman family who own consumer goods company Dabur.
Meanwhile, the Wall Street Journal reported that the India arm has been sounding out potential buyers. The company declined comment.
 

Novelis boost likely for HindalcoNovelis boost likely for Hindalco
Ujjval Jauhari | Mumbai Oct 13, 2014 10:48 PM IST
After negative news on coal blocks, bauxite mining, etc, Hindalco’s investors have something to cheer about. The performance, as well as estimates, for US-based Alcoa for the September quarter means Hindalco’s international subsidiary (Novelis) could also post better than expected earnings for the quarter. Also, the demand outlook and aluminium realisations are likely to remain firm. This boosts prospects of Hindalco on the profitability front.
The company has seen concerns on profitability erode about 25 per cent of its stock value since it stood at a 52-week high of Rs 198.70 on July 25.
Though off from recent highs, aluminium prices have continued to improve consistently, owing to closure of some smelters, as base metal prices became unviable. Demand, too, is holding and the demand-supply deficit is expected to remain favourable for realisations.
Aluminium prices, which stood at $1,800 a tonne during the June quarter, improved to $1,988 a tonne in the quarter ended September. While investors remain nervous, as growth has slowed in China (which accounts for the largest chunk of demand) and some smelters have been revived after aluminium prices moved up, the fact that Alcoa has maintained its estimate of seven per cent year-on-year growth in aluminium demand for this year and market deficit of about 0.7 million tonnes (slightly lower than the deficit of 0.9 mt estimated earlier) instils confidence. Analysts at Edelweiss say, “We concur and believe this should boost aluminium prices.”
What’s more encouraging is the gain on the profitability front. Alcoa’s adjusted earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (Ebitda), at $1,035 million, was much higher than the expected $882 million, helped by the rolled product division’s improving Ebitda/ tonne of $425, compared with the previous quarter’s $331. Therefore, one might expect a better-than-expected performance from Novelis, too. Analysts at Edelweiss say they have conservatively estimated Ebitda/tonne of $291 for the September quarter, adding this might be exceeded.
Novelis’s profitability is likely to be boosted by a growing share of automobile products. As the company’s auto capacities increase by about 600,000 tonnes, the share of automobiles in its portfolio is targeted to increase to 20 per cent by FY17 (from nine per cent in FY14). The average recycled content in Novelis’s portfolio is projected to increase from 46 per cent in FY14 to 50 per cent in FY15 and 80 per cent by FY20, lowering costs.
Following mining-related woes, profitability was among the primary concerns of investors. The fact that the Jharkhand government closed five of its bauxite mines in the state came as a dampener, as 35-45 per cent of Hindalco’s captive requirements (domestic operations) were met by the mines impacted, according to estimates. Factoring in the cost differential between captive and imported bauxite, analysts at Espirito Santo had estimated an adverse impact of Rs 7.1 a share on their current fair value of Rs 155 for Hindalco. However, this might be the case only if mining doesn’t restart in the long run, which is unlikely. The company has adequate inventory to meet its requirements for about six months. Also, it can ramp up production from other mines.
The cancellation of coal block allocations by the Supreme Court has also come as a challenge for Hindalco, as profitability of its new capacities depend a lot on the coal blocks de-allocated. The blocks at Talabira-I mine supply 2.5 million tonnes per annum (mtpa) of coal, meeting a third of the company’s domestic requirement. As such, while Hindalco will have to pay Rs 500 crore as penalty for the coal mined from the cancelled mines so far, its Ebitda will be hit due to higher coal costs. Analysts at Motilal Oswal Securities estimate the cost of power generation to increase by Rs 2/kwh on switching to third-party purchase of coal. This will have an impact of Rs 28,000/tonne on the cost of production at Hirakud (160,000-170,000 tonnes), they add.
In such a scenario, the expected gains in Novelis’s profitability and a better aluminium prices outlook bode well, and should offset most of the pressure on the domestic front.
For the quarter ended September, helped by better realisation, Hindalco is expected to record a standalone Ebitda margin of 10.5 per cent, compared with 8.6 per cent in the year-ago period and 9.4 per cent in the previous quarter. Giriraj Daga at Nirmal Bang feels the company’s profit will stand at Rs 1,894 crore, up 15.4 per cent year-on-year year and 17.1 per cent sequentially.
At Rs 166.52, the consensus target price, according to analysts polled by Bloomberg since September, shows an upside of 10 per cent against the current price of Rs 150.4.

Oil prices heads for 4-year low on Saudi output signalPrint
By Sam Wilkin
LONDON (Reuters) - Brent crude oil fell below $88 a barrel on Monday, its lowest in almost four years, after key Middle East producers signalled they would keep output high to defend market share even if that meant lower prices.
Saudi Arabia has privately told oil market participants it can accept oil prices between $80 and $90 a barrel, sources briefed by OPEC's biggest producer have told Reuters.
Kuwait's oil minister said on Sunday OPEC was unlikely to cut production to support prices.
"In light of these comments, one should not expect any OPEC output cuts before the Nov. 27 meeting," said Bjarne Schieldrop, chief commodity analyst at SEB in Oslo.
The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting countries is due to discuss output at next month's meeting, and some analysts had expected the group to reduce oil supply before then.
Brent crude touched its lowest since December 2010 at $87.74 in early trade on Monday, but recovered slightly to around $88.10 a barrel by 0830 GMT, down $2.11 on the day. U.S. crude was down $1.60 at $84.22.
Growth in China's exports and imports trumped forecasts in September, and the world's largest energy consumer increased crude oil imports by 9.5 percent from August, lending limited support to prices.
China often increases imports to bolster its reserves when prices are low, and real demand growth is likely to be more modest.
The outlook in Europe remained gloomy as rating agency Standard and Poor's lowered its outlook on France to negative from stable on Friday. European stocks fell in early trading on Monday.
According to chart analysts, oil prices could be on the brink of sliding another $10 or more. They say a drop of over 20 percent since June has wiped out key support levels and left behind a "technical graveyard".
"If Brent closes below $88.49, I'm pretty certain that further downward pressure can be expected until the next significant level at $82.35," said Tamas Varga, an analyst at brokerage PVM Oil Associates in London.
Saudi Arabia reported September production of 9.704 million barrels per day (bpd), up from 9.597 million in August, according to a monthly OPEC report issued on Friday.
The lack of a Saudi oil production cut reinforced the view of traders and analysts that the kingdom is looking to defend market share, not prices.
Kuwait's oil minister, Ali al-Omair, was quoted as saying by state news agency KUNA on Sunday that $76 to $77 a barrel might be the level that would end the oil price slide, since that was the cost of oil production in the United States and Russia.
The rapid increase in U.S. shale output over the past year could change market dynamics permanently, SEB's Schieldrop said.
"$100 is no longer the ideal market price," he said. "It's good for producers but too high for consumers, leading to oversupply."
(Additional reporting by Meeyoung Cho and Florence Tan; Editing by Christopher Johnson)
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook

Oscar Pistorius sentencing hearing beginsPsychologist says Pistorius is 'broken man'
By CHRISTOPHER TORCHIA and GERALD IMRAY | Associated Press –  Mon 13 Oct, 2014
Raw: Oscar Pistorius Sentencing Trial Begins
Associated Press Videos  0:32
PRETORIA, South Africa (AP) — Oscar Pistorius is a "broken man" after killing girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp and has already suffered emotionally and financially, a psychologist called by the Olympic runner's lawyers testified Monday ahead of his sentencing.
Dr. Lore Hartzenberg gave the testimony ahead of Pistorius' sentencing for culpable homicide, and it was almost immediately characterized by the chief prosecutor as lacking balance. Prosecutor Gerrie Nel also expressed shock after a defense witness suggested Pistorius be sentenced to occasional house arrest and community service for shooting dead his girlfriend.
After Hartzenberg described how Pistorius had suffered since the Valentine's Day killing last year, Nel noted that the double-amputee athlete likely still has the chance to rebuild his life and possibly continue his career, whereas Reeva Steenkamp is dead and her family is devastated.
"We are now dealing with a broken man, but he is still alive," the prosecutor said. He asked the psychologist what she knew about Steenkamp.
"Do you know anything about her dreams, what she wanted to do in life?" Nel said.
Later a social worker from South Africa's correctional services department, who was also called to testify by defense lawyers, suggested Pistorius should serve a three-year correctional supervision sentence for negligently shooting Steenkamp. That would include periods of house arrest but no prison time, and allow Pistorius to train and attend athletics meets again.
Nel said that suggested sentence was "shockingly inappropriate" and described it as "no sentence."
Judge Thokozile Masipa was hearing evidence on the first day of Pistorius' sentencing hearing, which is expected to last several days. After listening to testimony from witnesses called by both the defense and prosecution, Masipa will decide on Pistorius' sentence.
It can range from a suspended jail sentence and a fine to as many as 15 years in prison. Masipa last month found Pistorius, 27, guilty of culpable homicide but not guilty of both premeditated murder and murder in his killing of Steenkamp at his home.
Several police officers stood guard on the dais where the judge sat Monday amid concerns about her security. Masipa's verdict last month drew criticism from some South Africans who thought Pistorius should at least have been convicted of a lesser murder charge on the grounds that he knew a person could die when he fired four bullets through a toilet door and into a small cubicle, killing Steenkamp.
Prosecutors said Pistorius had opened fire in anger after the couple argued. The runner testified that he mistook Steenkamp, a 29-year-old model and budding reality TV star, for an intruder who was about to come out of the toilet and attack him.
Hartzenberg, a psychologist who counsels Pistorius, said the athlete had lost the woman he loved, his reputation, friends, his income and sense of self-worth after what he said was an accidental killing — and was suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder. Pistorius sometimes cried, retched, perspired and paced up and down during sessions in which she tried to assist him, Hartzenberg said.
"Some of the sessions were just him weeping and crying and me holding him," Hartzenberg said.
As she testified, Pistorius sat in the courtroom looking down and appeared at one point to be clenching his jaw.
Nel raised an incident during the trial when Pistorius was involved in an altercation at a Johannesburg nightclub, asking if it matched her description of a grieving man who had withdrawn from society.
There is no minimum sentence in South Africa for culpable homicide or negligent killing. Some experts say a five-year jail sentence is a guideline when a firearm is used.
Pistorius was also convicted on another charge of unlawfully firing a gun in a public place in an unrelated incident. That offense normally carries a monetary fine.
___
Imray reported from Stellenbosch, South Africa.
Recommend

Midweek recap: How has the week treated youShare 0
Aries ( 21st March to 20th April ) :  You may expect a mixture of good and bad events this week, foretells Ganesha. On the work front, you shall have to slog very hard. Luckily Mars, your Sign Lord, is in your favour so you shall be able to meet your deadlines and target. Your approach towards work shall be positive and you shall do your best to stay focussed. However, your personal life is likely to pose a few problems, and you may become irritable. So while at work, take care not to lose your temper. This week is not very favourable for students. Your marks or results may be disappointing, or admission to your institution of choice may elude you. Ganesha predicts the likelihood of a windfall this week, a part of which you would do well to use to buy your beloved a valuable gift.
Taurus ( 21st April to 21st May ) : Ganesha observes that the Lord of your Sign Venus has now entered Libra, which shall make you work hard, but you may demand that the work atmosphere be made more conducive for optimal performance. Perhaps you would like your boss to install an A/C, or maybe even set up a canteen. You shall now need to have some serious discussions with your peers or superiors to improve departmental efficiency. Alternatively, you may discuss some important matters with your father. In both the cases, you need to be flexible and follow their guidance. As the Sun is debilitated, if you hurt your parents with your harsh words, the result may be very negative. This week you may stay focussed on joint resources and joint finances, as well as savings. You shall also indulge in some entertainment activities to unwind.
Gemini ( 22nd May to 21st June ) : You shall be very careful about even minor details while doing your work at your office, predicts Ganesha, and at the same time you may want to finish off the work as soon as possible, as you may be expecting some interruptions. You may have to shoulder more official responsibilities this week, but don't expect overnight rewards; be patient and they shall come in their own good time. There may be a sudden financial gain through your business or life partner. You shall be glad to see your spouse making professional progress. This week you shall be very busy helping others, at times even if it means compromising your own work for it. Travel plans may suddenly have to be changed at the eleventh hour. On the romantic front, things don't look to be too promising.
Cancer ( 22nd June to 22nd July ) : Ganesha foresees that this week you may have to keep yourself preoccupied with pressing domestic matters. You shall also discuss financial matters with your family members. Ganesha advises you to be frank and open-hearted while discussing your problems, so that others can figure out the best ways to help you out of your predicaments. In other words, avoid being secretive about your troubles, because others can help you only if you share your problems with them. Ganesha feels that this week is good for students - if they wish to go in for specialised advanced studies in the subjects of their choice. This is a good week for researchers too. On the professional front, some ups and downs are most likely, but if you handle things diplomatically, there won't be any problem at all.
Leo ( 23rd July to 22nd August ) : Depending too much on luck could make you lazy this week, so Ganesha advises you to have more faith in your own abilities and sally forth towards your goals. You shall try hard to improve your performance at work. Sports and entertainment both may draw your attention and you shall wholeheartedly indulge in them. You may get drawn to speculative activities and gambling now, but don't overindulge in them, just stay within your budget. Your personality will suddenly become very magnetic and attract others. Actually, this may be mutual, as you, too, shall feel attracted to a member of the opposite sex. So, don't be surprised if a new relationship takes root. If you are planning a business trip, plan it well, or you may be forced to make last-minute changes. The health of a family member may cause you great anxiety.
Virgo ( 23rd August to 22nd September ) : True to your nature, you shall be very meticulous in any work or activity that you undertake this week. You shall work slowly, but methodically, and surely make steady progress towards your goals. You shall be delegating important jobs first to people whom you can count on most, and then manage the rest yourself. On the financial front, you shall carefully scrutinise your position of affairs before taking any decision which involves money. A sudden stroke of luck may help you reap the benefits of investments in real estate. This is also a good time to buy a house or office for investment purposes. Ganesha feels that this entire week is favourable for those willing to travel abroad or to some distant place. You are advised to avoid getting into clashes with authorities at home or office.
Libra ( 23rd September to 22nd October ) : You shall be frank, fair-minded and determined this week, predicts Ganesha. Once you have decided on something it shall be nigh impossible to make you change your mind. However, this absolute rigidity means there could be some bitter disputes, especially at home. However, on the work front, a relatively smoother sailing is envisaged. Those expecting some gains out of investments in business shall have their wishes fulfilled. This week is favourable for planning short or long distance trips to the locales you would love to visit. Now you may feel compelled to self-examine and look deep inside yourself. You shall be in search of your own identity and you will be able to relate only with a very few people. You will realise that people in this world are selfish and self-centred, so for a while at least you may feel like distancing yourself from them.
Scorpio ( 23rd October to 22nd November ) : Financial matters are going to dominate this week, and all you shall be able to think about is how to make more money, and how to spend more, foretells Ganesha. If you are working in a place where you have an incentive-linked earning plan, you are bound to work harder. Alternatively, you shall look around for odd part-time jobs to enhance your financial inflows. You may become so materialistic, and shall lay so much importance on money that you shall end up weighing a person's worth by the amount of money he/ she has. It's an utterly superficial attitude, says Ganesha, so try to abandon it. This week, you are also likely to become very arrogant, and your harsh words may hurt your loved ones, but what's worse is that you shall talk too much. So if you wish to stay out of trouble, talk only when necessary - and keep the voice soft.
Sagittarius ( 23rd November to 21st December ) : Ganesha foretells that this week shall be slightly tricky for you, and you may be unable to decide on how and where to invest the surfeit of energy that you have. If you do not go to a gym regularly or if you do not do physical exercises that burn up your calories and exhaust you - you may end up using that energy in a negative way by becoming temperamental. This way you will only antagonise people. This week you shall be in a mood to do something extraordinary that can fetch you lasting fame. Ganesha feels that at home and at work, you shall become very pushy and keep pestering people, thereby irritating them. You yourself shall have to work much faster to meet all your deadlines. You shall be very active in your love life. Singles may look forward to establishing some interesting new connections.
Capricorn ( 22nd December to 20th January ) : Ganesha foretells that this week you shall make an effort to gauge how effective your past decisions have been. You shall review them carefully, and in the process shall learn a lot from your past. Naturally, then, you shall resolve not to repeat the mistakes, and try to consolidate on the things that you did right. You may also realise the role of certain other people in the mistakes you made, and now shall ruthlessly cut them down to size, or make them toe your line henceforth. Projects that you may be handling in coordination with the government are likely to get delayed. Ganesha feels that this week some major changes may take place in your company. Those in business will have to be very careful in financial and business dealings. Ganesha advises you not to trust anyone blindly.
Aquarius ( 21st January to 18th February ) : This week you are likely to be very domineering in your attitude, predicts Ganesha, and advises you to strictly avoid it or else it may lead to damages that may be very hard to recover later. It shall also spoil your relationships with your well-wishers and then, things between you may never be the same again. For businessmen, this week is not too good; nevertheless, you are likely to receive some good news. This is the best time to arrange seminars or corporate meetings. On the personal side, you shall value your friends a lot. This week you shall try your best to help them in every way you can. Your attitude towards them shall be very positive and you will plan out some interesting activities with them. On the financial side, if someone owes you money, this week is a good time to call it in.
Pisces ( 19th February to 20th March ) : The stars may be in your favour, but it is you who shall have to take the initial steps to push your career forward. Then you may expect the cosmos to bolster your efforts, says Ganesha. This week your energy shall be properly channelised. You shall strongly feel that if you wish to realise your dreams, you have no alternative to hard work. This is a good time to set high targets. This week you shall try to keep your personal and professional spheres balanced, but you're growing workload may prevent you from giving too much time to your personal life. On another level, new doors of perceptions may be opening, and you shall be looking at life from newer angles. Even your fundamental belief systems may undergo a transformation. Your love life may be a little bumpy, but Ganesha assures that you shall remain attracted to your beloved.
NEWS YOU MAY LIKE

Indias forex falls by $2.75 billionUpdated: October 10, 2014 20:30 IST
India’s forex falls by $2.75 billion
IANS
AP The foreign currency assets had plunged by $1.39 billion at $287.39 billion in the previous week. File Photo
TOPICS
currency values
The reserves had decreased by $1.41 billion to $314.18 billion for the week ended Sep 26.
India’s foreign exchange reserves fell by $2.75 billion to $311.42 billion for the week ended Oct 3, Reserve Bank of India (RBI) data showed.
The reserves had decreased by $1.41 billion to $314.18 billion for the week ended Sep 26.
According to the RBI’s weekly statistical supplement, foreign currency assets, the biggest component of the forex reserves, plunged by $1.80 billion at $285.58 billion in the week under review.
The foreign currency assets had plunged by $1.39 billion at $287.39 billion in the previous week.
The RBI said the foreign currency assets, expressed in US dollar terms, include the effect of appreciation or depreciation of non-US currencies such as the pound sterling, euro and yen held in reserve.
India’s reserve position with the International Monetary Fund (IMF) slipped by $8.2 million to $1.54 billion.
The value of special drawing rights (SDRs) was down by $22.8 million at $4.28 billion.
The value of gold reserves was down $919.7 million at $20.01 billion for the week ended Oct 3. The value of gold reserves was static in the previous week. It had fallen by $240.7 million at $20.93 billion for the week ended Sep 5.

NSEL Investors move SC against Jignesh Shah bail orderNSEL investors move SC against Jignesh Shah bail order
N Sundaresha Subramanian | New Delhi Oct 13, 2014 10:49 PM IST
The investors of National Spot Exchange (NSEL) have moved a special leave petition (SLP) in the Supreme Court, challenging a Bombay High Court (HC) order granting bail to promoter Jignesh Shah. The SLP, filed with the apex court last week, is in the process of being listed for a hearing.
It has been filed by Pankaj Saraf, the investor whose complaint led to the filing of a case last year against Shah, the directors and defaulters at NSEL. This is one of three significant moves the victims of the NSEL payment crisis have made in the past few days, in their struggle to get back their money. In separate moves, investors have also filed a complaint for charges against Financial Technologies (FTIL), the promoter entity, and are also pushing for the merger of NSEL and FTIL.
“Shah is a powerful person and in a position to influence the investigation process. We have pleaded that the court should deny him bail till at least the time the investigations by various agencies are complete. The case is of an economic offence, which is not a rush-of-the-blood crime. It is well planned and has a corruption angle, too. Therefore, we have prayed to the court for urgent relief, that will help 13,000 families,” said a member of the NSEL Investors Forum. Delhi-based law firm Karanjiwala & Co is advising the investors in the matter.
Eight months after the Rs 5,600-crore NSEL payment crisis broke, Shah was arrested by the Economic Offences Wing of the Mumbai Police, in May. He was sent to judicial custody. The Bombay HC had granted bail to Shah in August on health grounds. The order also contained certain severe observations against the people who lost money in NSEL. The judge had suggested that the victims be considered ‘bogus traders’ rather than ‘investors’. This raised the question of whether the application of the Maharashtra Protection of Investors of Depositors (in Financial Establishments) Act, also termed the MPID Act, in the matter was proper.
The promoters of NK Proteins, who have been charged and are under detention under the MPID Act, have, on the basis of this order, petitioned the HC to quash the chargesheet against them. The investors have been taking a series of efforts to hasten the wheels of justice, which they feel are slowly grinding to a halt as the crisis begins to fade from the public memory. In a fresh complaint to the commissioner of police, the NSEL Investors Action Group (this is a breakaway group from the NSEL Investors Forum) has sought to press charges against FTIL under the MPID Act. “ ..For reasons unknown to us, the promoter of NSEL, i.e Financial Technologies, has neither been named as an accused nor their properties have been attached under MPID Act, though they have a 99.99999% holding of NSEL,” the complaint went.
The complaint noted FTIL was a direct beneficiary of NSEL’s profits. The parent earned software charges of Rs 33 crore from NSEL in 2013 and including this, NSEL accounted for 81 per cent of the consolidated profit of FTIL, the complaint alleged. It also referred to the findings of the Forward Markets Commission and the Securities and Exchange Board of India, which ruled FTIL was not “fit and proper” to run exchanges.
FTIL has maintained in its defence before various fora that the NSEL payment crisis was triggered by employee fraud (by the management) and Shah and others were also victims of it. The investors are also pushing for a meeting with Union minister Nirmala Sitharaman, to press their case for the merger of FTIL with NSEL. They believe the merger with the parent, which has significant reserves, would hasten the repayment process. “The meeting has been confirmed. The date needs to be worked out,” a person involved in the efforts said. News reports have said the department of economic affairs of the finance ministry is in favour of such a move, though the corporate affairs ministry had expressed reservations.

Tharoor dropped as Congress spokespersonTharoor dropped as Congress spokesperson
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 13, 2014
First Published: 14:23 IST(13/10/2014) | Last Updated: 02:13 IST(14/10/2014)
Comments
The Congress Monday removed Shashi Tharoor as a spokesperson for his "repeated praise" of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, the second time the party had "disciplined" the former Union minister in four years.
Tharoor, whose relationship with the party has been rather tumultuous, accepted the decision as a "loyal worker of Congress" but did indicate he was not given an opportunity to respond to the accusations levelled by the party's Kerala unit.
"As a loyal worker of the Congress party, I accept the decision of the party president to relieve me of my responsibilities as a spokesman," said Tharoor after the decision was announced.
Tharoor's removal was recommended by a Congress disciplinary committee , which was later accepted by party president Sonia Gandhi.
The disciplinary panel  took up the issue following a complaint by the Congress' Kerala unit that his participation in the Prime Minister's Swachh Bharat mission upset party workers.
The report of the Kerala unit had held that Tharoor's adulatory statements about Modi had hurt Congress workers in Kerala, who had worked sincerely for his victory from Thiruvananthapuram Lok Sabha seat.
 
Tharoor had earlier reacted sarcastically to the Kerala unit's move, saying this would mean the state leadership would finally read what he actually wrote instead of oral summaries.
The three-member committee, comprising senior leaders Motilal Vora, AK Antony and Sushilkumar Shinde, looked into the entire matter, including Tharoor’s acceptance of Modi’s invitation to join the campaign.
The view in the AICC is that Tharoor should have kept in mind that he holds a responsible position in the party and that party interests should come first.
Tharoor had recently accepted Prime Minister Modi's invitation to join a group of  nine celebrities, which included actor Salman Khan and cricketer Sachin Tendulkar, to join the Clean India mission, but still expressed revervations that it could be tokenism.
Tharoor had also gone to the US during the time the Prime Minister was  there, and had appeared on various television channels. Party sources say that nobody was assigned from Congress to the US during Modi's visit and speak on the party's behalf.
Tharoor has not been briefing media at the AICC from June 4 after his piece in Huffington Post, praising Modi kicked up a big row in the Congress.
 
The Congress leader had said that it would be "churlish" if his party did not take note of Modi's efforts to sound gracious and accommodative and reinvent himself from a "hate figure into an avatar of modernity and progress".
The comment did not go down well with the Congress which snubbed him immediately, describing it as his "personal view"
Tharoor has so far rejected suggestions that he was moving closer to the BJP by asserting that he was a "proud Congressman" and never endorsed the "Hindutva agenda" of the BJP.
The Kerala Pradesh Congress Committee welcomed the action against Tharoor.
In April 2010, Tharoor was asked to resign as the minister of state for external affairs following an uproar over his alleged role in the purchase of an IPL franchise that was later terminated over a unrelated payment dispute.
Perceived to be close to the Gandhi family, he was brought back in the government in October 2012.
Tharoor's five-year association with the Congress has had a fare share of controversies - ranging from his infamous "cattle-class" tweet to a raging Twitter war between his late wife Sunanda Pushkar and a Pakistani journalist. The Congress, however, was quick to dismiss that the decision was linked to Pushkar's mysterious death. 
"He is still a Congress leader and the chairperson of the standing committee on external affairs," spokesperson Shobha Oza said.
Meanwhile, Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader Subramanyan Swamy claimed that the Congress was distancing itself from Tharoor because of the controversy over the death of his wife Sunanda Pushkar.
Swamy was referring to recent forensic reports which suggested that Sunanda was poisoned and that the Delhi police should re-investigate the case.
( With PTI inputs)

Koke scores NorthEast United FCs winnerUpdated: October 14, 2014 00:41 IST
Koke scores NorthEast United FC’s winner
PTI
The Hindu A NorthEast United FC player piggy-backs on co-owner John Abraham after the home team began its campaign with a 1-0 win over Sachin Tendulkar’s Kerala Blasters in Guwahati on Monday. PHOTO: RITU RAJ KONWAR
TOPICS
soccer
The Spanish midfielder takes advantage of a poor clearance by the Kerala defenders
Spanish striker Koke’s opportunistic first-half strike ensured a 1-0 win for the NorthEast United FC against Sachin Tendulkar co-owned Kerala Blasters FC in the second match of the Hero Indian Super League, here on Monday.
The former Marseille frontman struck at the stroke of the break in the 45th minute with a snap angular right-footer that beat former England custodian David James, manning the Blasters bar.
NorthEast could have gone ahead in the 33rd minute when a 30-yard pile-driver from Durga Boro was brilliantly saved by an airborne James. Boro unleashed a lethal punch with his outstep and James dived full stretch to keep the home team at bay.
Blasters could have got the lead but an Iain Hume goal was ruled off-side by the referee.
It was the ‘Yellow Brigade’ coached by Trevor Morgan, who were on the ascendancy during the better part of the 30 minutes but former East Bengal playmaker Penn Orji and current Mohun Bagan striker CS Sabeeth could not provide the team with decisive result.
In the 27th minute, Sabeeth dodged past defender and took a strong shot towards the near post. NorthEast custodian Alexandros Tzorvas dives brilliantly to avert the danger.
In the 55th minute, Hume charged down the right flank to essay a measured cross, along the ground, in front of the goal but Aibor Khongjee cleared it for a corner.
The biggest disappointment for the Blasters was former Newcastle United striker Michael Chopra. Within seven minutes of each other, Chopra messed up couple of chances.
In the 77th minute, Chopra twisted and turned to get away from three defenders, makd space and fired it towards the far post but Tzorvas dived to his right to parry it away.
In the 84th minute, Hume received a header inside the box but, unbalanced, he tried to lob the ball over the keeper Tzorvas who got his fingertips to it but the ball was cleared by Robin Gurung.
Gurung’s clearance went to Chopra, who was within five yards but his shot didn’t have the requisite punch or the placement to find the net.
The result: NorthEast United FC 1 (Koke 45) bt Kerala Blasters 0.

JP Group trying to reduce debt overhang: LendersJP Group trying to reduce debt overhang: Lenders
BS Reporter | Mumbai Oct 13, 2014 11:58 PM IST
Lenders to the Delhi-based Jaypee Group said on Monday that the Gaur family-promoted infrastructure group was taking steps to reduce leverage in its power projects.
Representatives of about 30 lenders, including IDBI Bank and State Bank of India, had a detailed review meeting on the issue.
Jaypee Power Ventures and JP Associates together had net debt of just over Rs 97,000 crore at the end of March 2014, according to Capitaline data, compiled by the Business Standard Research Bureau.
“There could be a delay of one or two months in finalising deals (for asset sales) due to market conditions. But the intent is clear and they're doing efforts to manage things,” said the head of corporate banking with a large public sector bank.
In September, JSW Energy and Jaiprakash Power Ventures announced a deal or the full acquisition by the former of three operational plants of the latter — the 300 Mw Baspa-II hydro electric unit, the 1,091 Mw Karcham Wangtoo hydro electric unit and the 500 Mw Bina thermal power unit.
Last year, the group had sold its cement unit to UltraTech Cement. It sold Jaypee Cement Corporation, a subsidiary of Jaiprakash Associates, for Rs 3,800 crore.

Cyclone Hudhud leaves trail of destruction in Andhra  OdishaRescue operations were underway in Andhra Pradesh and Odisha on Monday after a severe cyclone pounded the eastern coast, leaving 24 people dead and a trail of destruction in its wake.
  
Tidal waves hit the Vizag beach as Cyclone Hudhud reaches Visakhapatnam. (PTI Photo)
Tidal waves hit Vizag beach as cyclone Hudhud reaches the port city of Visakhapatnam. (PTI Photo)
Fishermen negotiate their skiff through rough waves ahead of Cyclone Hudhud on Saturday. (AFP Photo)
People look at a sea tide at Vizag on Sunday. (PTI Photo)
A man carries his wife to safety after a wave hits a beach in Gopalpur in Ganjam district, Odisha. (Reuters)
A view of Visakhapatnam city due to Cyclone hudhud on Sunday. (Arun Sharma/HT Photo)
Huge waves hit the beach in Visakhapatnam on Sunday. (AFP Photo)
People move during rain in Berhampur near Gopalpur sea beach as cyclone Hudhud looms. (PTI photo)
NDRF jawans depart from their Mundali headquarters to the districts that could be hit by Cyclone Hudhud in Bhubaneswar on Friday. (PTI Photo)
Odisha Disaster Rapid Action Force (ODRAF) personnel who are to be deployed ahead of a new upcoming Cyclone Hudhud in Ganjam district, in Bhubaneswar. (Arabinda Mahapatra/HT photo)
Large waves buffet the coastline as Cyclone Hudhud makes landfall in Visakhapatnam. (AFP photo)
Residents of seaside village Satabhaya are rescued after their boat sank in Bausagali river in Odisha's Kendrapada district on Saturday. (Arabinda Mahapatra/ HT Photo)
A day after Cyclone Hudhud hit Visakhapatnam, the sun was out and there were no signs of Sunday’s fury when winds of up to 200 kilometres per hour and heavy rains lashed the port city.
Read: Finally, Indian weatherman draws respect
Authorities worked to restore communication lines, removing trees and electric poles and were trying to get air and train services back on track after strong winds damaged railroads and the airport.
People queued up at petrol pumps and outside ATMs and stores to buy essential commodities such as milk, candles and kerosene.
“We need at least 100 years to rebuild our beautiful city,” said a worker, cutting an uprooted tree outside the collectorate.
Relief teams were working round the clock to restore essential services by Tuesday, Visakhapatnam district collector N Yuvraj said.
The government is using Facebook, Twitter and WhatsApp to reach out to people.
Watch: Breathtaking photos of a man rescuing his wife in Odisha
Andhra Pradesh chief minister N Chandrababa Naidu, who has decided to camp in the city to oversee relief operations, said all possible support would be given to those affected.
“I like Visakhapatnam very much. It is painful to see the city in this condition,” he said after visiting some of the affected areas.
The death toll due to the devastating cyclonic storm in Andhra Pradesh climbed to 21. More than 1.35 lakh people taking shelter in relief camps.
"A total of 15 deaths were reported from Visakhapatnam district, five in Vizianagaram and one in Srikakulam," Special Commissioner in state disaster management department K Hymavathi told PTI.
PM visit on Tuesday
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will visit Visakhapatnam on Tuesday to take stock of the damage caused by the cyclone, whose intensity went to “severe” from “very severe” after wind speeds had dropped to 110 kmph by Sunday evening.
“Will visit Visakhapatnam tomorrow and take stock of the situation,” the Prime Minister tweeted.
Modi directed top central officials to ensure there were no bottlenecks in relief and rescue operations in Andhra Pradesh and Odisha as he took stock of the situation of the two cyclone-hit states on the eve of his visit to Vishakapatnam.
At the high-level meeting on the aftermath of Cyclone Hudhud, he also emphasised the need to document learnings from this cyclone, and to put in place more precise drills and disaster management plans involving all stakeholders, especially in areas which are prone to such disasters.
The defence ministry said four naval ships were ready to sail to the coast, carrying relief material for 5,000 people, and about 24 diving teams for relief operations.
Read: States must step up to tackle natural calamities
As many as five lakh people had taken shelter in relief camps, said chief secretary Parakala Prabhakar.
The ongoing India-West Indies one-day series was also affected with the Board for Control of Cricket in India calling off the fourth match that was to be played at Visakhapatnam on Tuesday.
No floods in Odisha
In neighbouring Odisha, where the cyclone was less severe, special relief commissioner PK Mohapatra said teams were working to clear the debris on the roads.
“Our advance teams cleared the roads within an hour. We evacuated more than 2.74 lakh people and by God’s grace, there is no increase in casualty,” Mohapatra said.
A state government report said Cyclone Hudhud damaged about 48,000 thatched houses, 600 electric poles, 24 transformers and 75 km of electric wires. The death toll remained static at three since Sunday.
Mohapatra said the state was expecting more rains in the next 24 hours although there would not be a flood-like situation.
Hudhud moves to Chhattisgarh
 
The intensity of cyclone Hudhud reduced as it moved to Chhattisgarh on Monday morning and has turned into a 'deep depression', MeT department said.
 
In the next six hours, its intensity will reduce further and it will turn into a 'depression' and bring rainfall in several parts of east India, it said.
 
"The 'deep depression' over south Chhattisgarh and neighbourhood moved northwards and lay centered 50km south of Raipur. It will move northwards for next 12 hours and then north-northeastwards.
 
"It will weaken into a depression during the next 6 hours and into a well-marked low pressure area during the subsequent 12 hours," an Indian Meteorological Department bulletin said.
(With inputs from agencies)

India on high alert  ramps up Ebola screening at airportsprint
Indian authorities have ramped up screening for the Ebola virus at airports and ports over the past two months to avert an outbreak of the deadly disease that has killed more than 4,000 people, mostly in West Africa.
As part of the heightened surveillance, the government conducts detailed medical examinations of high-risk passengers, including checking their travel history, taking their body temperature and placing under quarantine people with possible symptoms of infection.
The government has screened 21,799 people at airports since it began screening for Ebola two months ago, but nobody has tested positive for the disease in India. So far, 1,200 travellers have been identified as suspected cases and 485 passengers have been quarantined at a Delhi facility.
The passengers had flown from Ebola-affected countries -- Liberia, Sierra Leone, Nigeria, Guinea, Congo and Senegal -- and had reported Ebola-like symptoms that include fever, fatigue, sore throat, muscle ache, nausea and headache.
The government has also identified one hospital with a dedicated isolation facility in each state to admit people with Ebola-like symptoms. These hospitals are equipped to handle sample collection, diagnosis and treatment of Ebola cases.
 “The health ministry is providing technical and material support to states for preparing health facilities with dedicated isolation wards, enabling them to provide diagnosis, treatment and care, and infection control under proper guidelines,” said Union health minister Dr Harsh Vardhan. “We have an efficient surveillance programme running and are fully prepared to deal with any eventuality.”
India has been on high alert since the World Health Organization declared the Ebola outbreak an international public health emergency in August. About 8,400 people have been infected so far in the worst Ebola outbreak on record that began in West Africa in March.
With the help from the ministry of external affairs, health officials identify passengers who have travelled to affected countries to screen them at the airport itself. Officials send a list of such passengers to local health departments in their respective states to track and monitor their health for a month.
Read: Ebola toll passes 4,000 as fears grow worldwide
Most of them are in the states of Maharashtra, Kerala, Tamil Nadu, Gujarat, West Bengal and Delhi.
Health authorities have also posted teams at the Attari border and airport to screen passengers coming from Ebola-affected countries.
According to Dr. P C Mondal, airport health officer at Kolkata airport, approximately 150 passengers have been screened at the airport.
“We are following the guidelines prescribed by central government religiously. Special counters have been set up to handle passengers arriving from Ebola-affected countries. From there they are directed to the health centre at the airport where the passengers are thoroughly screened and a detailed check-up in carried out,” Mondal said.

Court summons ex-coal secy in allocation caseComments
A Delhi special court Monday summoned former coal secretary HC Gupta and five others to answer to charges of corruption, conspiracy and cheating levelled against them for allegedly aiding a Madhya Pradesh-based company to illegally acquire coal blocks. They are the first senior public officials to be summoned in a coal allocation scam case.
In doing so, special Judge Bharat Parashar rejected CBI’s closure report in the case against Kamal Sponge Steel and Power Limited (KSSPL) and its directors. It said the report read “more like a defence given by an accused person” rather than a report by an investigating agency.
Calling CBI’s probe of the case “sketchy”, the court refused to accept that KSSPL and its directors had duped the coal ministry about their company’s net worth and production capacity without “active collusion” between the directors, ministry officials and members of the screening committee who were in charge of scrutinising all applications for coal blocks filed between 1993-2010.
Besides Gupta, the court also summoned as accused former coal ministry joint secretary KS Kropha, ex-director (coal allocation-I section) KC Samaria, KSSPL’s managing director Pawan Kumar Ahluwalia, its chartered accountant Amit Goyal and the firm on October 31. They will have to answer to charges of corruption, criminal conspiracy, criminal breach of trust by a public servant and cheating filed under the Prevention of Corruption Act.
In his 31-page judgment, the judge noted that the CBI had reached a wrong conclusion because it had not properly investigated all the facts in the case. He further rejected CBI’s contention that KSSPL’s application for a coal block had not been properly scrutinised by the members of the screening committee due to “manpower shortage”.
“The mere statement that due to shortage of manpower they (ministry officials) could not do so is no explanation in the eyes of law,” said the judge. “It is crystal clear that omission on the part of coal ministry officers to not scrutinise the applications as regard their eligibility and completeness was a deliberate act,” he added.
He further said that this act of allocating blocks without reasoning was arbitrary and amounted to “criminal misconduct” by the government officials, which had caused a massive loss to the nation and exchequer by misappropriating the country’s natural resources for personal gain.
According to the CBI, KSSPL had given a false statement about its annual turnover for two financial years, 2004-2005 and 2005-2006, in their application form while applying for coal blocks. Further the agency found out that the screening committee ignored Madhya Pradesh’s rejection of KSSPL’s application.
The judge further added that while no other public officials had been implicated in the case so far, evidence of the same is likely to come up during trial. “The law will certainly take its own course,” the judge warned.

Delisting process likely to get faster  cheaper for investorsDelisting process from Indian stock exchanges likely to get faster, cheaper for investors
Reena Zachariah, ET Bureau Oct 14, 2014, 07.09AM IST
Tags:
capital market
(While shortening the period…)
MUMBAI: The delisting process of companies from Indian stock exchanges is set to become a lot cheaper and less cumbersome for investors. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) will allow investors to tender their shares during delisting offers on stock exchanges, which will help reduce their tax outgo.
While shortening the period for the delisting process, the capital market regulator will also tighten rules for companies, which intend to go private, after it found some corporates were sidestepping rules.
These proposals are likely to be finalised as part of the overhaul of the five-year old delisting rules when the Sebi board meets next month.
As per the current delisting rules, investors have to tender their bids through designated trading members after transferring the shares to the demat escrow account.
Once the delisting is successful, the settlement is done "offline". Hence, the sale of shares by investors is liable to higher level of taxation as such transactions are not covered under securities transaction tax (STT), which is imposed on all stock trades on exchanges. Trades where there are no STT deductions attract 10 per cent or 20 per cent for long-term capital gains (with or without indexation) and 30 per cent for short-term capital gains.
Once the Sebi board clears the new rules, the tax treatment for tendering shares in the delisting offer would be similar to usual share trading, making them cheaper for investors.
"Transfer of listed shares on the stock market carries preferential tax rates of zero for long-term capital gains and 15 per cent for short-term capital gains," said Gautam Mehra, executive director of PricewaterhouseCoopers.
Mehra said, however, this would apply only if there is a payment of STT in such trades. "In case of a transfer of shares which are offered in the course of delisting where STT is not payable, in place of the preferential tax rates, normal capital gains tax rates would apply," he said.
Stock exchanges are learnt to be working on this proposal to enable on-market transactions for delisting offers, according to two people familiar with the development.
Mehul Savla, director of Ripple-Wave Equity Advisors, said if the delisting process is amended to enable transaction and settlement through a stock exchange, it would encourage wider participation from investors as the tax impact can be substantial in such offers. "It's a faster, efficient and an economical way of tendering shares. The more electronic we go in our markets, the better it is for all stakeholders," said Prithvi Haldea, CMD of Prime Database, primary market database provider.
Sebi decided to revamp the existing delisting rules in May after it noticed that some of the multinational companies were side-stepping rules. The regulator had said that promoters were circumventing rules by either parking their participaown shares by way of offer for sale or institutional placement programme (IPP) or through informal arrangements with a set of investors. The companies would acquire the shares later at a predetermined price and successfully delist at a price favorable to them.
 
To address the concern of parking of shares with friendly investors, Sebi is likely to accept the recommendation that that a cooling-off period of six months should be provided from the date when promoters offload shares, as against the proposed period of one year.
Sebi is also considering shortening the timeline required to complete the delisting activity to less than 50 days from 137 days. The regulator may also allow depository receipt holders to tender their shares in the delisting offer, provided the beneficiaries are known and they convert the receipts into equity shares.
"The biggest concern for the regulator in delisting offers has always been whether the small investor is getting the right exit price. The proposed rules wouldhopefully get a better price for the minority shareholders. At the same time, Sebi is also trying to address the issue of preventing some people acting in concert to thwart genuine delistings," Haldea said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Hong Kong anti-Occupy groups gather in strengthdemonstration
Hundreds of taxi and truck drivers along with their supporters forcibly removed barricades, set up by the agitators, at a major protest site.
The protests in Hong Kong have bared the island’s sharpening social divide, when on Monday, hundreds of taxi and truck drivers along with their supporters forcibly removed barricades, set up by the agitators, at a major protest site.
The collision between students and sections of the working class seemed to be solidifying as 14 taxi, minibus and lorry groups plan to seek a court injunction to bar leaders of the Occupy movement from blocking major roads on Hong Kong Island and in Mong Kok.
"The Occupy movement is actually causing a lot of inconvenience. Under common law it is nuisance. The party affected is entitled to seek damages and also to apply for an injunction," the website of the South hina Morning Post, quoted solicitor Phyllis Kwong as saying.
At a press conference, Mr. Kwong, who is supporting the 14 transport groups, said that at least seven organisers of the movement would be named in the injunction, which he hoped would be filed “as soon as practicable”.
Earlier the police dismantled blockades in six locations, including two roads in the troubled Mong Kok area, but said it meant to take possession of government property and not to uproot the protests The police used loud hailers to make their point, and students, while recording the loading of the undone barriers on trucks, did not interfere.
By evening, anti-occupy activists gathered in strength to outnumber the protesters in Mong Kong, yet again demonstrating that their hold on this zone of mixed affluence, known for its violent underclass, was increasingly tenuous.
The Hong Kong protests highlights the clash of visions — between China’s “one country-two systems” approach, which allows relatively free social expression, and promises calibrated democracy from 2017 onwards in the territory, against unqualified universal suffrage that the student-protesters demand. Analysts point out that the Chinese authorities are unlikely to budge from the “one country-two systems” approach, as this formulation has laid the foundation of the political integration of Hong Kong and Macau with China, and extends Beijing’s approach towards Taiwan.
The Chinese blue-print has been anchored in the Basic Law of 1990, which became the basis of negotiations with the British authorities, leading to Hong Kong’s integration with China in 1997.
At a press conference in Guangzhou, Hong Kong Chief executive Leung Chun-ying made it plain that he would not resign from his post, in deference to the protesters’ demands. “It is not about the person. Whoever takes the chief executive’s position has to abide by the Basic Law and the decisions of the National People’s Congress. I have made it clear my heart will follow this,” he observed

Nifty seen opening higher; RIL eyed post resultsconsumer price index
NEW DELHI: The 50-share Nifty index is expected to open higher on Tuesday following positive trend seen in SGX Nifty. Tracking the momentum, the index is expected to reclaim its crucial psychological level of 7900 in trade today.
At 07:30 a.m., Nifty India stock futures in Singapore were trading 30.50 points higher at 7940 indicating positive opening on the domestic market.
Investors will keep a close eye on Reliance Industries which reported a 1.7 per cent rise in net profit at Rs 5,972 crore for the three months to September. The oil & gas major also expects up to Rs 10,000 crore capital expenditure in the remaining part of this fiscal.
Market would also react to CPI data which came out post market hours on Monday. Falling food prices pulled down the September retail inflation to 6.46 per cent, lowest since the new series of Consumer Price Index was released in January 2012.
Indian markets closed marginally up towards the end of the Monday's session. BSE's Sensex was up by 86.69 basis points and closed at 26384.07 while NSE's Nifty ended higher by 24.30 points and closed at 7884.25.
Weakness of last week spilled over to the beginning of the present week and Nifty moved well below the support level of 7840, even 7800 in intraday trade.
The level of 7800 is now an immediate term support for the index whereas it has a stiff resistance placed at 7925 and beyond that at 7975, say analysts.
"Till the time it is unable to clear this resistance range the bias may remain weak. Initial sign of strength would come in only if Nifty sustains above 7975, in which case we may see further upside till 8035 - 40 range," GEPL Capital said in a report.
"The level of 7840 (closing) is still a trend reversal level for the index and we continue to recommend a closing basis top loss of 7840 for all Nifty long positions," added the report.
The brokerage firm is of the view that any move and a close below this level can induce deeper declines of up to 3% more from 7840 levels.
Overnight, US stocks ended lower following worries that global economic weakness that will dampen U.S. earnings, along with concern about the spread of Ebola.
"Investors reacted to a witch's brew of negative catalysts that included a widening Ebola scare, the potential impact on U.S. earnings from tepid global demand, plunging oil prices and a breakdown of technical support levels," Reuters reported.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 223.03 points, or 1.35 percent, to 16,321.07, the S&P 500 lost 31.39 points, or 1.65 percent, to 1,874.74 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 62.58 points, or 1.46 percent, to 4,213.66.
Asian shares were trading lower. Japan's Nikkei 225 index which was trading 1.6 per cent lower at 15,044 and Hong Kong's Hang Seng index was trading 0.13 per cent lower at 23,122.
South Korea's Kospi index was trading 0.14 per cent higher at 1,929 and China's Shanghai index was trading 0.01 per cent lower at 2,366.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Blow to DLF: Realty firm  6 top executives barred for 3 yearsRealty firm DLF, executives barred from market for 3 years
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi  Mumbai, October 13, 2014
First Published: 16:32 IST(13/10/2014) | Last Updated: 08:46 IST(14/10/2014)
Comments
Stock market regulator Sebi cracked down Monday on India’s biggest realty company DLF by barring six top executives, including promoter-chairman KP Singh, from accessing the securities market for three years, choking its options to raise fresh funds.
The move, linked to disclosure lapses in 2007 when DLF went public and listed on exchanges, is the latest in a series of setbacks for the company credited with building Gurgaon as a corporate and residential hub on the barren Aravallis, just outside the Capital.
“I find that a case of active and deliberate suppression of information to mislead and defraud the investors in the securities market in connection with the issue of shares of DLF in its IPO is clearly made out,” Securities and Exchange Board of India’s (Sebi's) whole-time member Rajeev Agarwal said in his 43-page order.
A file photo of DLF chairman KP Singh. Sebi has cracked down on the biggest real estate player of the country by barring the company and its top executives, including Singh, from accessing the securities market for three years.
In 2007, DLF went public in a record-breaking initial public offering of Rs. 9,187 crore, India’s largest at the time.
The real estate giant has faced a number of problems in recent years, including angry lawsuits by customers upset with project delays and political controversies surrounding the company’s alleged links with Robert Vadra, son-in-law of Congress president Sonia Gandhi, whose party lost power earlier this year.
Responding to the order, the company said, “DLF will defend itself to the fullest extent against any adverse findings and measures contained in the order passed by Sebi. DLF has full faith in the judicial process and is confident of vindication of its stand in the near future.”
It was unclear how the firm’s lenders, often the real estate industry’s lifeline, would react to the investigation that looked into charges of failure by the company to properly disclose its relationship with subsidiary firms.
“It can be very damaging for the company,” said lawyer Hiroo Advani. “This could lead them to struggle to complete ongoing projects. Also, if banks start calling in their loans, it would further compound the adverse impact.”
The ruling could also have an adverse impact on the firm’s stock. News of the Sebi ban broke after trading had closed on Indian stock exchanges, when DLF shares were down 3.7% at  Rs. 146.70 on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
The order came after a four-year probe into the process of share transfer by three DLF subsidiaries in three other allegedly related firms -- Sudipti, Shalika and Felicite.
In April 2010, the Delhi high court had asked Sebi to look into the complaint of one Kimsuk Krishna Sinha on the dealings. Calling the share transfer process a “sham transaction”, Sebi said the banned executives employed “a plan, scheme, design and device to camouflage the association” of DLF with these three entities.
This is the second setback for the Delhi-based developer in two weeks. Last week, the Delhi HC dismissed the company’s petition seeking a stay on investigations by the anti-trust regulator Competition Commission of India into allegations of anti-competitive practices.
DLF executives barred by Sebi include KP Singh’s son Rajiv Singh (vice-chairman), daughter Pia Singh (whole-time director),   TC Goyal (managing director), Kameshwar Swarup and Ramesh Sanka. All these people, including KP Singh and his two children, were part of the top management at the time of filing IPO documents.
About G S Talwar, also a non-executive director at that time, Sebi said it could not be established whether he was involved in day-to-day operations and was therefore given the “benefit of doubt”.
In a statement, the company, however, reassured “investors and all other stakeholders that it has not acted in contravention of law either during its initial public offer or otherwise”.
“DLF and its board were guided by and acted on the advice of eminent legal advisors, merchant bankers and audit firms while formulating its offer documents,” the release said.

Pre-market: Higher opening likely on easing CPI  upbeat earnings from RILPre-market: Higher opening likely on easing CPI, upbeat earnings from RIL
SI Reporter | Mumbai Oct 14, 2014 08:35 AM IST
Markets are likely to open marginally higher after data showed that September consumer price inflation eased to its lowest level since January 2012  and better-than-expected second quarter earnings from Reliance Industries.
At 8:35AM, the early indicator SGX Nifty was up 37 points at 7,946
The rate of retail inflation in September eased to 6.46 per cent — the lowest since the series was launched in January 2012 — driven mainly by a significant drop in food prices and subdued demand for industrial goods. The rate, as measured by the consumer price index (CPI), had stood at 7.73 per cent in August and 9.84 per cent in September last year.
Foreign investors were net sellers in equities to the tune of Rs 671 crore on Monday.
Asian stocks rebounded after the recent correction with the exception of Japanese shares which dropped to two-month lows on global growth concerns. The benchmark Nikkei was down nearly 1.5%. Hang Seng was trading nearly 1% higher while shares in mainland China were trading with marginal gains with the Shanghai COmposite up 0.3% while Straits Times was trading flat with positive bias.
US markets continued their losing streak on Monday with the S&P 500 closing below its 200-DMA for the first time since Nov 16, 2012. Investors continued to trim positions in riskier assets on worries that weak global demand may hurt earnings of US companies while the spread of Ebola also weighed on market sentiment. The Dow Jones ended down 223 points or 1.4% at 16,321, the S&P 500 closed 31 points or 1.7% at 1,875 and the Nasdaq slumped 63 points or 1.5% to  end at 4,214.
Stocks to watch
Reliance Industries may see an uptick after it beat analysts’ expectations during the July-September quarter, with its profit increasing 1.7 per cent over the year-ago period. At Rs 5,972 crore, however, its net profit was 1.7 per cent higher than Rs 5,873 crore in the same period last year.
DLF may witness selling pressure after SEBI barred the real estate major and six of its top executives, including Chairman K P Singh, from accessing the capital market for three years. The Sebi order, after finding the company guilty of “active and deliberate suppression” of material information at the time of its public issue, leaves DLF out in the cold even as others capitalise on the current bull run.
Tata Power may see some action afte the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on October 13, 2014, has approved the issue of non-cumulative, redeemable, listed, rated non-convertible debentures (“NCDs”), not exceeding an aggregate limit of Rs. 3,700 crore on private placement basis.
United Phosphorus may see some gains on reports that the RBI has hiked FII limits to 74%. Foreign investors currently hold 46.5% stake in the company.
IL&FS Engineering and Construction may gain after the Company said it has received a Letter of Award (LoA) from National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) for a total value of Rs. 1232 Crores.

Markets open higher; RIL up 1%   DLF slumps 23%Markets pare early gains; IT shares weigh
SI Reporter | Mumbai Oct 14, 2014 09:30 AM IST
Markets were trading flat as gains in Reliance Industries failed to offset losses in IT shares and FMCG major ITC.
At 9:30AM, the 30-share Sensex was up 132 points at 26,515 and the 50-share Nifty was up 34 points at 7,918.
The rate of retail inflation in September eased to 6.46 per cent — the lowest since the series was launched in January 2012 — driven mainly by a significant drop in food prices and subdued demand for industrial goods. The rate, as measured by the consumer price index (CPI), had stood at 7.73 per cent in August and 9.84 per cent in September last year.
Foreign investors were net sellers in equities to the tune of Rs 671 crore on Monday.
Asian stocks rebounded after the recent correction with the exception of Japanese shares which dropped to two-month lows on global growth concerns. The benchmark Nikkei was down nearly 1.5%. Hang Seng was trading nearly 1% higher while shares in mainland China were trading with marginal gains with the Shanghai COmposite up 0.3% while Straits Times was trading flat with positive bias.
US markets continued their losing streak on Monday with the S&P 500 closing below its 200-DMA for the first time since Nov 16, 2012. Investors continued to trim positions in riskier assets on worries that weak global demand may hurt earnings of US companies while the spread of Ebola also weighed on market sentiment. The Dow Jones ended down 223 points or 1.4% at 16,321, the S&P 500 closed 31 points or 1.7% at 1,875 and the Nasdaq slumped 63 points or 1.5% to  end at 4,214.
The BSE Realty index wsa the top loser down 6% followed by BSE IT, Capital Goods and Auto indices.BSE Consumer Durables index was the top sectoral gainer up 1% followed by Bankex, Oil and Gas indices among others.
Reliance Industries was up  after it beat analysts’ expectations during the July-September quarter, with its profit increasing 1.7 per cent over the year-ago period. At Rs 5,972 crore, however, its net profit was 1.7 per cent higher than Rs 5,873 crore in the same period last year.
DLF slumped  23% after SEBI barred the real estate major and six of its top executives, including Chairman K P Singh, from accessing the capital market for three years. The Sebi order, after finding the company guilty of “active and deliberate suppression” of material information at the time of its public issue, leaves DLF out in the cold even as others capitalise on the current bull run.
In the broader markets, the BSE Mid-cap index was up 0.2% and Small-cap index was up 0.3%.
Market breadth was positive with 789 advances and 492 declines on the BSE.

SEBI censures NSE in Nifty crash caseUpdated: October 11, 2014 00:02 IST
SEBI censures NSE in Nifty crash case
PTI
market and exchange
The market regulator orders independent review
Coming hard on top stock exchange NSE for its conduct with regard to ‘freak’ 920-point crash in benchmark index Nifty, the Securities and Exchange Board of India on Friday censured the bourse and ordered an independent comprehensive review of its processes and systems to ensure overall market stability.
In a strongly-worded order, SEBI also asked the National Stock Exchange (NSE) to be “careful and cautious in its dealings in the securities market and comply with all the legal requirements that govern its functions as a stock exchange.’’ SEBI also said that “the system followed by NSE is not robust” and the incident, which took place on October 5, 2012, shows that “wrong action on the part of one individual could result in bringing the entire system to a halt.’’
In the order, SEBI’s whole-time member Prashant Saran said: “NSE is directed to carry out a comprehensive review, by an independent expert of the processes followed, checks in place, systems employed by NSE, not only in respect of the situation specific to this case but also for maintaining stability of markets in general.”
The consultant would need to “suggest a more robust securities trading system” and submit its report to NSE within three months from the date of this order.
On receipt of the consultant report, NSE has been asked, within three months thereafter, to submit a report to SEBI along with its ‘Plan of Action’ The case relates to a sudden 920-point of 16 per cent plunge in the NSE’s benchmark index Nifty, which is widely followed by investors in India and abroad, on October 5, 2012, despite the systems requiring circuit breakers — first at 10 per cent and further at 15 per cent movements within a day requiring halt in market trading.

E-tailers ad spends to touch 1k crComments
For the advertisement industry, e-commerce is the flavour of the season with all players together expected to would spend around Rs. 1,000 crore in this festive month alone, according to industry estimates.
The e-commerce industry has seen a rapid growth in the past two years so much so that it currently accounts for around 10% of Rs. 35,000-crore Indian advertisement market.
“The trend will continue for at least next five years as all e-commerce players are trying to get customers to go online,” said MG Parameshwaran, president Advertising Agencies Association of India (AAAI).
“Everybody is trying to create a name and get people to understand this new model in a short period of time. Hence you spend a lot on promotions,” said Latif Nathani, managing director, eBay India.
“In the last two years advertisement spend by e-commerce players has substantially grown and everybody views this festive season as very crucial,” said Ganesh Subramanian, chief operating officer, Myntra.

Coalgate: Banks may be hit by 3L-cr in bad loansComments
Indian banks are bracing for the fallout of the coal block allocation scam.
As the government gears up to pursue the issue of reallcocation of coal blocks after the Supreme Court judgement last month, banks are staring at the possibility of most of their Rs. 3 lakh crore exposure to the sector turning into non-performing assets (NPAs) — loans that do not yield returns.
The apex court last month cancelled 214 blocks allocated since 1993.
According to a note sent to the coal ministry by the finance ministry, “if coal is not made available to the companies/project as per the sanctions or arrangements, it will seriously impact the asset quality of the loan accounts, rendering them NPAs.”
This would deprive banks of their interest income and may call for additional provisioning, the note said.
The banking sector has exposure of rs. 5.01 lakh crore to the power sector. The exposure has grown from 4.3% of non-food credit in March 2008 to 8.83% in the June 2014. “During the same period the banks had financed many new power projects, which may be negatively impacted by the SC verdict,” the analysis said. “If these project fail to take off, banks will have to either write-off or classify them as NPA.”
The finance ministry is keeping a close watch on the situation. Banks have been directed to come up with concrete alternative plans to ensure that the impact of such NPAs, if any, is minimal and there is no further pressure on the asset quality of the banks.
An internal research by the State Bank of India projected the total demand for coal in the country at 787 million tonnes for 2014-15.
“There is should not be any major concern, as the government has assured supplies  would not be disrupted... if the issue is addressed appropriately, there should be no major impact on lenders, though there could be some temporary setback,” Soumya Kanti Ghosh, chief economic adviser, SBI told HT.
Last month, the Supreme Court ordered the cancellation of 214 coal blocks. Forty-six of these have been given six months to wind up their businesses — of these, six had just got permission to open mines, while 40 had begun production.
Axis Bank, ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank and Yes Bank among others are assessing the impact of the verdict on their assets.
India’s banking industry has witnessed a surge in the level of NPAs in recent months. Bad loans touched Rs. 2,45,809 crore in 2013-14 from Rs. 1,83,854 crore in 2012-13 and Rs. 1,37,102 crore in 2011-12.

Photos: Man s bravery rescues woman amid cycloneCrime
Photos : Cyclone Hudhud Batters Andhra Pradesh
A man in Odisha risked his life to rescue a woman who fell in water due to strong tidal waves prior to the Cyclone Hudhud on the Bay of Bengal coast at Gopalpur, about 285 kilometers north east of Visakhapatnam on Sunday.
Despite the rescue operations by officials, the death toll rose to at least eight, five in Andhra Pradesh state and three in Orissa state, mostly caused by wall collapses and falling trees. Trees were uprooted and power cables snapped as a powerful cyclone swept through the Bay of Bengal and slammed into the southern city of Visakhapatnam, one of two storms pounding the two eastern states. (Associated Press)
A man, bottom jumps into the water to rescue a woman, center, who fell due to strong tidal waves on the Bay of Bengal coast at Gopalpur, Orissa, about 285 kilometers (178 miles) north east of ... more 
A man, bottom jumps into the water to rescue a woman, center, who fell due to strong tidal waves on the Bay of Bengal coast at Gopalpur, Orissa, about 285 kilometers (178 miles) north east of Visakhapatnam, India, Sunday, Oct. 12, 2014. Trees were uprooted and power cables snapped as a powerful cyclone swept through the Bay of Bengal and slammed into the southern city of Visakhapatnam, one of two storms pounding Asia on Sunday. (AP Photo/Biswaranjan Rout) less 
1 / 30
Associated Press | Photo by AP
Mon 13 Oct, 2014 8:30 AM IST

Is your CV ready This company may offer 70 000 jobs in IndiaCapgemini to start massive hiring in India
Recommend
Link
1 month 15 days ago, ET NOW
The 139,000 strong Capgemini had more than 50,000 employees in India. In comparison, IBM is estimated to employ about 150,000 people in India and Accenture, 100,000. Accenture entered India in 1987, IBM re-entered the country in 1992 while Capgemini started operations here in 2000.
More on ET NOW:
ET NOW - 11 hours ago
LATEST ET NOW VIDEOS
Terms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

The best Cricket images of the weekLATEST PHOTOS
Cricket Photos Of The Week 12.10.14
This week: Samuels sets Kochi alight, Shami back among the wickets, Kevin Pietersen's book signing, a Cristiano Ronaldo doppelganger and plenty of action from Down Under.
Prev Next
A general view during the second match of the one day international series between Australia and  Pakistan at Dubai Sports City Cricket Stadium on October 10, 2014 in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.  (Photo by Francois Nel/Getty Images)
A general view during the second match of the one day international series between Australia and  Pakistan at Dubai Sports City Cricket Stadium on October 10, 2014 in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.  (Photo by Francois Nel/Getty Images)

Kaththi  caught again in political rowUpdated: October 13, 2014 08:13 IST
'Kaththi' caught again in political row
Special Correspondent
Tamil cinema
The Vijay-starrer Kaththii has been caught in a political trouble again. The former PMK MLA and ‘Tamizhar Vaazhvurimai Katchi leader, Panruti T. Velmurugan, took exception on Sunday to attempts to get it released despite pro-Tamil groups opposing the film, produced allegedly by a production company close to Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksha.
“Our party will discuss this issue in Chennai on Monday and decide on the next course of action,” he said in a statement here.

Asian Games: Mary Kom voted India s MVPThe Hindu Boxer M.C. Mary Kom seen after she was awarded the Most Valuable Player award in New Delhi on Monday. Photo: S. Subramanium
TOPICS
Summer Asian Games
Silencing her detractors comes naturally to Mary Kom. She turns vocal only when it comes to reinforcing the point at any available stage.
After being voted the Most Valuable Player (MVP) among the Indian medallists from the recent Incheon Asian Games here on Monday, the Manipuri boxer said, “Many people doubted my ability to win the Asian Games gold this time. There is a mindset that a woman, after becoming a mother, cannot achieve success in sport. I think I have proved this mindset wrong.”
Based on the polls conducted by Samsung, the gold medal-winning boxer topped the list and received Rs. 10 lakh.
Recalling that she was a medallist when women’s boxing was introduced in the 2010 Guangzhou Asian Games, Mary Kom said, “Now, I am really happy to become India’s first woman boxer to win a gold in the Asian Games.”
Though the victorious men’s hockey team gave the function a miss, wrestler Yogeshwar Dutt, shooter Jitu Rai, discus thrower Seema Punia and member of the 4x400m relay team M.R. Poovamma were the gold medallists present.
Bronze medallists Abhinav Bindra, Deepika Pallikal and Sandeep Sejwal were also present.
Yogeshwar said, “My aim is to win a medal in the world championship.”
Having won back-to-back gold medals in the Commonwealth Games and Asian Games, the soft-spoken wrestler added, “I need to work harder to bring more glory to the country. I owe a lot to my well-wishers and seek blessings of all those who love to see our sportsmen do well in all major competitions.”
Later, in another function, the Union Sports Minister, Sarbananda Sonowal, felicitated the medal winners. Cash awards to the tune of Rs. 10.88 crore were disbursed, with an individual gold medal being worth Rs. 20 lakh, silver Rs. 10 lakh and bronze Rs. six lakh.
Medal winners in doubles/team events were given cash awards not less than half of what was payable to medallists in individual events.
Sonowal reiterated the Government’s commitment to provide the best possible assistance for training.
“We are getting you foreign coaches, high-performance directors, physios, mental trainers and other supporting staff. Deserving athletes have been given specialised training abroad. I have asked the secretary (sports) and DG, SAI to review the performance of all disciplines of Asiad 2014 and take corrective steps.
“I have given strict instructions that we should concentrate on disciplines where we are going to compete in the next Olympics. The ministry has devised the Target Olympic Podium (TOP) scheme for this,” he said.

MARKET SNAPSHOT: U.S. Stocks Build On Last Weeks LossesMARKET SNAPSHOT: U.S. Stocks Build On Last Weeks Losses
Why online retail cos Amazon  Alibaba make o...You are here: Home > Collections > Offline
Game changer? Why online retail firms like Amazon, Alibaba make offline buys
ET Bureau Oct 14, 2014, 03.24AM IST
Tags:
Alibaba
(India's fast-growing online…)
BANGALORE | NEW DELHI: Until now they defined their identity and earned their spurs by differentiating themselves in convenience and pricing from their brick-and-mortar cousins, but can online retailers look to subsume them for the next stage of their evolution?
India's fast-growing online retailers, who are bubbling with energy and flush with investor money secured at eyepopping valuation multiples, could potentially buy department store chains, a move observers say, will precipitate consolidation in the market and redefine the sector.
Such an outcome would be a logical step, some argue, because online retailers are rapidly gaining market share as well as mind-share, putting them in a position to take over leadership of the industry.
"I think online players should make offline acquisitions as the momentum is with them right now," said Arvind Singhal, chairman of retail advisory firm Technopak. "A big chunk of customers still buy offline and acquiring a brick-and-mortar chain could be a powerful customer acquisition tool for online sites in certain categories."
According to Technopak, the Indian retail industry is valued at $525 billion (Rs. 31.5 lakh crore, or about a quarter of India's GDP) now, with online's share at about 1 per cent. By 2020, the retail industry is estimated to double in size while online will grow more than six-fold.
As for regulations barring foreign investment in multibrand retail, Vaibhav Parikh of law firm Nishith Desai Associates is of the view that as wholesale cash & carry is FDI compliant business, an online e-commerce company with FDI can buy it but cannot buy consumer retail business. However, buying a brand could be possible. "My view is that there is no restriction for a marketplace to manufacture and sell under their own brands, though there is some lack of clarity in law," said Parikh.
Globally, there is a move by online retailers to spread their wings into the world ofbrick and mortar. Last week, Amazon announced that it is setting up its first offline store in New York. Earlier this year, China's Alibaba bought a 25 per cent stake in a large department store chain, Intime Retail, for a little less than $700 million (Rs. 4,280 crore). This investment is probably a classic example of how online retail giants with much higher market value can buy into traditional retail. Alibaba's idea is that customers can shop in Intime's online store through Alibabs's online marketplace Tmall and then physically pick up the purchase at one of Intime's 36 department stores.
Mukesh Bansal, board member at India's largest online retailer Flipkart and chief executive of fashion site Myntra, said certain types of offline acquisitions make sense for online retailers. "Acquiring brands is very interesting for us," said Bansal, whose firm was acquired by Flipkart earlier this year. "The ones with a distinct brand presence and a small offline retail footprint are of interest," he said, emphasising that no such acquisitions are in the pipeline.
Online retail portals like Flipkart, Snapdeal and Amazon have grown rapidly in the past couple of years. Market leader Flipkart is targeting $3 billion (over Rs. 18,300 crore) in total value of goods sold this fiscal. Last month, Amazon chief Jeff Bezos told ET the value of goods sold by Amazon India in a year had topped $1 billion (over Rs. 6,000 crore). Snapdeal too has crossed the $1 billion milestone this year.
In comparison, Tata group's retail divisions, including Titan, Croma, Trent and Landmark, had revenue of about Rs. 17,000 crore. Kishore Biyani's Future Retail had revenue of Rs. 11,336 crore in fiscal 2014.
But what gives reason for pause is the contrast in the valuations. When Flipkart raised funds this year, it was valued at $7 billion. Delhi-based Snapdeal was valued at $1 billion. In comparison, Trent has a market capitalisation of Rs. 4,546.08 crore and Future Retail less than Rs. 3,000 crore. These firms are also wellfunded. Flipkart raised $1 billion this year and Amazon's Bezos announced investment of $2 billion (Rs. 12,200 crore) in its India operations.
Concepts that caught the fancy are 'Webrooming,' which means customers research products and prices online before buying in a physical store, and 'Showrooming', where customers see a product in a store but buy it online after comparing prices. Alibaba acquisition of a stake in Intime seeks to stay in step with changing customer behaviour.
 
In India, if an online retail site were to buy and operate offline brand the model will be very different from what is traditionally in brick-andmortar world, with further blurring of walls separating online and offline. "Offline will be more about experience; it will be about the concept and brand interactions. It will not be a distribution strategy," said Myntra's Bansal.

Now  pvt sector honchos can apply directly f...You are here: Home > Collections > Persons
Private sector CEO or managing director can now apply directly for CVC post
Aman Sharma, ET Bureau Oct 14, 2014, 07.21AM IST
Tags:
Attorney General
(The government has issued…)
NEW DELHI: The government has thrown open the job of the Central Vigilance Commissioner to private citizens who have held CEO or managing director positions in the corporate sector, potentially heralding a new chapter for one of most important constitutional posts India that has until now been the preserve of the bureaucracy.
Ahead of a keenly-watched Supreme Court hearing on Tuesday, the government has issued a new circular in which it says such executives can apply directly to it for the CVC's job. The key conditions: applicants must have a 25-year experience in the finance, insurance and banking sectors, must have held CEO or MD level positions or must have been a whole-time director on the board for at least three years.
There is no permanent CVC in place at present. A SC bench headed by then Chief Justice RM Lodha had pulled up the government in September asking why private persons could not apply directly for the post of CVC but be dependent on a recommendation by a Government Secretary for the same, when the CVC Act has a specific provision for selection of a private person for the post if he has expertise in finance, including insurance and banking, or law.Attorney General (AG) Mukul Rohatgi had contended before SC in September that it was not possible to invite public applications for these top posts.
"Lakhs of applications will come," the AG then said. The government has however now backed down and says private persons can send applications directly to the Department of Personnel and Training (DoPT) by November 5 but they should not be more than 62 years of age as on January 1, 2015. "Serving persons are required to send their applications through proper channel. All those persons who had applied or whose names gave been sponsored or initiated in response to this Department's letter of July 21 are also required to apply afresh," the circular issued on Monday says.
It has specified that all applicants should be of "outstanding merit and impeccable integrity" and have "knowledge and at least experience of 25 years in the relevant field (s)".The new circular has inserted fresh provisions in respect of private candidates vying for the post.
"Such persons who are in employment of a private company must have held or is holding the position of Managing Director/CEO, as a whole-time Director on the Board of the Company for a period of at least three years," the new circular says. It adds that the persons "must have acquired eminence and have outstanding achievement" in relevant fields.
For PSU officials, the circular has cited similar provisions saying only a person who has held or is holding the position of Chairman/Managing Director/Chief Executive Officer of a Schedule "A" Central PSU, and has also served as Whole Time Director on the Board for at least three years, can apply and will be considered for the post of CVC. Apart from the post of the CVC, one post of the Vigilance Commissioner is also vacant as of now.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Derbyshire in talks with Pujara for next yearUpdated: October 14, 2014 09:41 IST
Derbyshire in talks with Pujara for next year
PTI
Reuters A file photo of Cheteshwar Pujara
TOPICS
domestic
Impressed with Cheteshwar Pujara’s performance, English county side Derbyshire is in talks with the batsman to sign him for next year as well but his IPL commitments and a tour of Bangladesh could prove to be the “stumbling block”.
Pujara played for the club in the closing weeks of the Championships and scored 219 runs at an average of 54.75 in their last three games. Derbyshire’s elite performance director Graeme Welch said the county is in talks with Pujara regarding a potential return in 2015.
“We’ve spoken to Pujara already and he seemed quite keen to come back. He integrated into the team brilliantly and I think he enjoyed the lads here,” Welch said. “He wants to test himself in English conditions, so this is probably the best place for him. The stumbling block could be that he has IPL commitments and a tour of Bangladesh, so we’ll have to look at their schedule and try and get somebody in for those three months that he isn’t here,” he explained.

Cyclone Hudhud: 24 dead  Modi to visit Vizag todayRescue operations were underway in Andhra Pradesh and Odisha on Monday after a severe cyclone pounded the eastern coast, leaving 24 people dead and a trail of destruction in its wake.
  
Tidal waves hit the Vizag beach as Cyclone Hudhud reaches Visakhapatnam. (PTI Photo)
Tidal waves hit Vizag beach as cyclone Hudhud reaches the port city of Visakhapatnam. (PTI Photo)
Fishermen negotiate their skiff through rough waves ahead of Cyclone Hudhud on Saturday. (AFP Photo)
People look at a sea tide at Vizag on Sunday. (PTI Photo)
A man carries his wife to safety after a wave hits a beach in Gopalpur in Ganjam district, Odisha. (Reuters)
A view of Visakhapatnam city due to Cyclone hudhud on Sunday. (Arun Sharma/HT Photo)
Huge waves hit the beach in Visakhapatnam on Sunday. (AFP Photo)
People move during rain in Berhampur near Gopalpur sea beach as cyclone Hudhud looms. (PTI photo)
NDRF jawans depart from their Mundali headquarters to the districts that could be hit by Cyclone Hudhud in Bhubaneswar on Friday. (PTI Photo)
Odisha Disaster Rapid Action Force (ODRAF) personnel who are to be deployed ahead of a new upcoming Cyclone Hudhud in Ganjam district, in Bhubaneswar. (Arabinda Mahapatra/HT photo)
Large waves buffet the coastline as Cyclone Hudhud makes landfall in Visakhapatnam. (AFP photo)
Residents of seaside village Satabhaya are rescued after their boat sank in Bausagali river in Odisha's Kendrapada district on Saturday. (Arabinda Mahapatra/ HT Photo)
A day after Cyclone Hudhud hit Visakhapatnam, the sun was out and there were no signs of Sunday’s fury when winds of up to 200 kilometres per hour and heavy rains lashed the port city.
Read: Finally, Indian weatherman draws respect
Authorities worked to restore communication lines, removing trees and electric poles and were trying to get air and train services back on track after strong winds damaged railroads and the airport.
People queued up at petrol pumps and outside ATMs and stores to buy essential commodities such as milk, candles and kerosene.
“We need at least 100 years to rebuild our beautiful city,” said a worker, cutting an uprooted tree outside the collectorate.
Relief teams were working round the clock to restore essential services by Tuesday, Visakhapatnam district collector N Yuvraj said.
The government is using Facebook, Twitter and WhatsApp to reach out to people.
Watch: Breathtaking photos of a man rescuing his wife in Odisha
Andhra Pradesh chief minister N Chandrababa Naidu, who has decided to camp in the city to oversee relief operations, said all possible support would be given to those affected.
“I like Visakhapatnam very much. It is painful to see the city in this condition,” he said after visiting some of the affected areas.
The death toll due to the devastating cyclonic storm in Andhra Pradesh climbed to 21. More than 1.35 lakh people taking shelter in relief camps.
"A total of 15 deaths were reported from Visakhapatnam district, five in Vizianagaram and one in Srikakulam," Special Commissioner in state disaster management department K Hymavathi told PTI.
PM visit on Tuesday
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will visit Visakhapatnam on Tuesday to take stock of the damage caused by the cyclone, whose intensity went to “severe” from “very severe” after wind speeds had dropped to 110 kmph by Sunday evening.
“Will visit Visakhapatnam tomorrow and take stock of the situation,” the Prime Minister tweeted.
Modi directed top central officials to ensure there were no bottlenecks in relief and rescue operations in Andhra Pradesh and Odisha as he took stock of the situation of the two cyclone-hit states on the eve of his visit to Vishakapatnam.
At the high-level meeting on the aftermath of Cyclone Hudhud, he also emphasised the need to document learnings from this cyclone, and to put in place more precise drills and disaster management plans involving all stakeholders, especially in areas which are prone to such disasters.
The defence ministry said four naval ships were ready to sail to the coast, carrying relief material for 5,000 people, and about 24 diving teams for relief operations.
Read: States must step up to tackle natural calamities
As many as five lakh people had taken shelter in relief camps, said chief secretary Parakala Prabhakar.
The ongoing India-West Indies one-day series was also affected with the Board for Control of Cricket in India calling off the fourth match that was to be played at Visakhapatnam on Tuesday.
No floods in Odisha
In neighbouring Odisha, where the cyclone was less severe, special relief commissioner PK Mohapatra said teams were working to clear the debris on the roads.
“Our advance teams cleared the roads within an hour. We evacuated more than 2.74 lakh people and by God’s grace, there is no increase in casualty,” Mohapatra said.
A state government report said Cyclone Hudhud damaged about 48,000 thatched houses, 600 electric poles, 24 transformers and 75 km of electric wires. The death toll remained static at three since Sunday.
Mohapatra said the state was expecting more rains in the next 24 hours although there would not be a flood-like situation.
Hudhud moves to Chhattisgarh
 
The intensity of cyclone Hudhud reduced as it moved to Chhattisgarh on Monday morning and has turned into a 'deep depression', MeT department said.
 
In the next six hours, its intensity will reduce further and it will turn into a 'depression' and bring rainfall in several parts of east India, it said.
 
"The 'deep depression' over south Chhattisgarh and neighbourhood moved northwards and lay centered 50km south of Raipur. It will move northwards for next 12 hours and then north-northeastwards.
 
"It will weaken into a depression during the next 6 hours and into a well-marked low pressure area during the subsequent 12 hours," an Indian Meteorological Department bulletin said.
(With inputs from agencies)

Rupee hits highest in 3 weeks after record low CPI dataRupee falls from 3-week high
Reuters | Mumbai Oct 14, 2014 01:12 PM IST
The rupee reversed its direction to trade at 61.17/18 versus Monday's close of 61.0950/1050.
 
The Indian unit had earlier hit 60.90, its highest level since September 23.
 
Traders expect USD/INR to move in a range of 60.90 to 61.30.
 
The Nifty is trading 0.4% lower, while the Sensex is down 0.3%.
 
The dollar rebounded modestly against yen and euro following steep falls overnight.
 
September WPI inflation hit a near five-year low of 2.38%.
 

BUY  or  SELL  ideas from experts for todayYou are here: Home > Collections > Stop-loss
'BUY' or 'SELL' ideas from experts for Thursday, 11 September 2014
ET Now Sep 11, 2014, 08.15AM IST
Tags:
Ahmednagar Forging Ltd
(ET Now spoke to various experts…)
NEW DELHI: Indian markets are expected to trade in a range on Thursday following muted trend seen in other Asian markets.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
Torrent Power Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 178 and a stop loss of Rs 162
HOEC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 72 and a stop loss of Rs 57
Kesoram Industries Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 152 and a stop loss of Rs 138
Balmer Lawrie Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 635 and a stop loss of Rs 610
Tata Communications Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 415 and a stop loss of Rs 390
Jai Corp Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 120 and a stop loss of Rs 104
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
ICICI Bank Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1600 and a stop loss of Rs 1554
PTC India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 99 and a stop loss of Rs 90
HOEC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 68 and a stop loss of Rs 59
Kesoram Industries Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 160 and a stop loss of Rs 134
SAIL is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 77 and a stop loss of Rs 83.05
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
Fortis Healthcare Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 138 and a stop loss of Rs 121
Canara Bank is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 425 and a stop loss of Rs 393
Essel Propack Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 129 and a stop loss of Rs 108
GSPL Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 98 and a stop loss of Rs 88
SAIL is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 75 and a stop loss of Rs 83.50
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
Ahmednagar Forging Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 450 and a stop loss of Rs 395
Kesoram Industries Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 155 and a stop loss of Rs 134
Vijay Bhambwani, Author and CEO at bsplindia.com
Hero MotoCorp Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 2666 and a stop loss of Rs 2709
LIC Housing Finance Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 316 and a stop loss of Rs 323
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Twelve stocks in focus in Tuesday morning tradeTwelve stocks in focus in Tuesday morning trade
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 7, 2014, 08.00AM IST
Tags:
Bajaj Finance
NEW DELHI: Indian markets are expected to trade in a range on Tuesday, tracking muted trend seen in other Asian markets and SGX Nifty.
"Broadly, the CNX Nifty index has been trading within 7850-8050 range for last six trading sessions and either side decisive break will trigger the next directional move," said Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities Limited.
"Meanwhile, traders should maintain extra caution and prefer defensive sectors like Pharma, FMCG for short term positions," he added,
Manglik is of the view that investors', on the other hand, should now focus more on stock specific approach before the beginning of earning season and adjust their portfolios accordingly.
Here is a list of twelve stocks which are likely to be in focus today:
SCI & GAIL: Shipping Corporation of India and GAIL (India) Limited are currently in discussion to forge a tie-up under which the latter will acquire nine LNG ships with almost $ 3 billion and the former will run them, a senior official of the SCI said.
Bajaj Finance Ltd: Non-banking lender Bajaj Finance is targeting to disburse Rs 3,000 crore consumer durable loans during the ongoing festive season alone, about 40 per cent higher than last year's performance, a senior official said.
United Breweries Ltd : Diageo PLC said United Breweries Holdings Ltd can no longer appoint an independent director to the board of United Spirits Ltd (USL) after reducing its ownership of the distillery.
Ballarpur Industries Ltd: International Finance Corporation will invest $100 million (about Rs 616 crore) in Bilt Paper BV, a step down subsidiary of paper manufacturer Ballarpur Industries , in lieu of fresh shares.
ONGC: On the heels of selling 10 per cent stake in its Vankor oilfield to China for $ 1 billion, Russia's biggest oil company Rosneft has offered a similar stake to India's Oil and Natural Gas Corp ( ONGC ).
Neyveli Lignite: State-run miner Neyveli Lignite's 1,000 MW thermal power plant at Tuticorin is in advanced stages of completion, a development that will help it achieve over 4,200 MW generation capacity.
BHEL: Country's largest power gear maker Bhel is struggling to keep the order-book strong and may even find it difficult to keep it rolling in the next couple of years as new private power projects face a slowdown.
RCF: State-owned Rashtriya Chemicals and Fertilizers is likely to get the 'Navaratna' status this year, a move that will provide it greater financial autonomy.
Cipla Ltd: Drug major Cipla has signed an agreement with its Iranian distributor for setting up a manufacturing unit in that country.
BHEL: Telangana State Power Generation Corporation (TS GENCO) and Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited (BHEL) have signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) to establish thermal power plants to generate 6,000 MW of electricity in Telangana, it was officially announced on Sunday.
ICICI Bank Ltd: Private sector lender ICICI Bank has acquired a 5.15 per cent stake in Hindustan MotorsBSE 2.29 % as part of settlement with the cash strapped maker of the iconic Ambassador car.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Turn around: Modi seeks to revive India s "zombie factories"Modi seeks to revive India's "zombie factories", not abandon them
Reuters –  Mon 13 Oct, 2014 7:56 AM IST
Print
By Andrew MacAskill and Manoj Kumar
KANPUR India (Reuters) - At British India Corporation's textile factory in Kanpur, four men sit in a control room watching computerised gauges eight hours a day. When they are done, another group takes over, and then another, for 24 hours a day – much as they might at any major industrial plant.
The problem is, nothing is produced there.
The strange tale of British India Corporation is an example of how political patronage and India's strict labour laws keep publicly owned companies going long after they are insolvent.
Now Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who campaigned in this year's general election on a promise of "minimum government, maximum governance", is preparing to invest more taxpayer money in ailing state-owned factories in a bid to turn them around.
While the government has announced the closure of six publicly owned companies, Minister for Heavy Industries and Public Enterprises Anand Geete said last month that about two-thirds of 64 loss-making firms can be revived with more money.
The government has set up a committee to examine ways sick public companies can be resuscitated, including using cash reserves from profit-earning state firms to provide lifelines to the loss-making ones, according to officials in New Delhi.
The committee will report its findings in two months.
The moves have disappointed those who want Modi to force through economic reforms, however painful. He might reply that past success in reviving "zombie" enterprises as chief minister of Gujarat state gives him the right to try on a national level.
"I am shocked they are considering putting more money in," said Mohan Guruswamy, chairman of the Centre for Policy Alternatives and a former official in the finance ministry.
"The litmus test of whether Modi is a reformer is what he does with these companies, not what he does on allowing more foreign investment. Unfortunately, it looks like he will avoid taking unpopular decisions."
Since winning India's first parliamentary majority in three decades in May, Modi has not been as ambitious as his supporters would like in introducing policies many say are needed to revive an economy growing at its slowest rate in nearly a decade.
So far, there has been little movement to roll back the previous government's subsidy programmes or repeal a law allowing retroactive taxation that has alarmed global investors.
 
"POSSIBLY THE WORST COMPANY IN THE WORLD"
In theory, British India Corporation sells army uniforms, rugs, blankets and tweed jackets, but it stopped manufacturing nine years ago after finishing its last order. Since then, the company, based in the gritty northern city of Kanpur, has lost about $50 million.
British India Corporation employs about 1,800 people. All the employees come to work, everyone gets paid, earns a bonus, there are overtime shifts, promotions and job changes.
There are bungalows for the managers, flats for workers, a hospital, schools and a subsidised shop. The gardeners, engineers and painters keep the grass trimmed, the machines in working order, and signs freshly painted.
"This could easily be the worst-run company in India, maybe the world," said Satyendra Nath, 58, head of the tax department, who spends his days reading the newspaper or watching television because there is no work to do. "Often, I think: what have I done in a previous life to end up working here?"
India put key industries in the hands of state-run monopolies in the years after independence in 1947, borrowing from Soviet thinking that late-industrialising countries needed to use state intervention to transform their economies.
A quarter of the country's 277 state-run firms, which produce everything from condoms to scooters, have lost about $16 billion over the last decade, according to government records.
At least 20 loss-making companies owned by the central government have stopped production or have almost no activity yet still pay staff full salaries, according to an official at the Board for Financial and Industrial Reconstruction, the agency charged with expediting restructuring or liquidation.
Indian ministers are reluctant to close these zombie companies because it will lead to job losses, which in turn could cost them votes.
India's labour laws, which the World Bank says are the most restrictive anywhere, also make it hard to sack staff for any reason other than criminal misconduct. So it can take decades for a severance package to be agreed.
For India, which has the world's highest number of starving children and people who can't read, paying the factories' running costs and salaries diverts money that could be spent on healthcare and education.
However, Modi may adopt a plan for the loss-making state companies he used in Gujarat, where he was chief minister.
By giving boards more independence from ministers and using cash injections from the government, Modi was able to turn 20 publicly owned companies into profit in his 13 years as leader of the state.
"When Modi came to power in Gujarat he was determined to revamp the public sector companies, a majority of them were making losses," said P.K. Laheri, the former top bureaucrat in Gujarat who served as chairman of some of those state companies. "He did not want his ministers or politicians to play an active role in running them."
 
GOOD FOR NOTHING
British India Corporation, which hasn't made a profit since 1989, is among the companies being earmarked for revival, officials in New Delhi said. To pay off its debt and buy materials to restart production, the company would need an investment of $65 million, according to managers at the factory.
At the company's redbrick mills, where there is a four-sided clock tower built a century ago and silver weaving machines line the long factory floors, millions of dollars of never-used equipment sits decaying; a symbol of the mismanagement that has mired the company in crisis.
In 2005, after a $13 million taxpayer rescue, the factory managers spent the money on high-end weaving machines imported from Switzerland. But the plan to raise another $21 million by selling land to buy yarn and wool was never approved by the politicians so the machines have never been turned on.
Still, at 6:30 every morning, workers begin arriving for their shifts. Once the personnel department marks their attendance, they hang around talking with friends, complete odd jobs such as cleaning, or return home to see their families.
Employee Chandra Lal, 55, who has worked at the factory since 1987, says some of his colleagues have become alcoholics as they struggle to deal with the boredom. He says they are unlikely to find new jobs after years of inactivity.
"I have forgotten how to use my arms," Lal said. "Earlier we were respected members of our community. Now we are good for nothing, just like the factory."
 
(Editing by John Chalmers and Mike Collett-White)
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook

Chucking crackdown 20 years too late: HairTweet
0
Former international umpire Darrell Hair has said the ICC's crackdown on bowlers with suspect actions has come 20 years too late, and that the weakness of umpires over time to do anything about the issue has helped created a "generation of chuckers." Hair was the first umpire to call former Sri Lankan offspinner Muttiah Muralitharan for chucking during a Boxing Day Test in Melbourne in 1995.
The ultimate crackdown from years ago. "Whatever they're doing now, they're doing 20 years too late," Hair told Sydney Morning Herald. "They had a chance in 1995 to clean things up and it's taken them 19 years to finally come back and say they want chuckers out of the game. I can't believe that Saeed Ajmal has been able to bowl as long as he has, and they say he is bending his arm by 45 degrees [the legal limit is 15 degrees] or something. Well, every man and his dog would have known that.
"I suppose what it does show is the general weakness of the umpires over time to do anything about it."
After Hair called Murali for chucking in December 1995, the spinner had his action cleared the following summer, but was once again called by Australian umpire Ross Emerson during an ODI between England and Sri Lanka in Adelaide in 1999.
"All I was doing at any time was just doing my job and I think I did it to the best of my ability," Hair said. "The fact was that no other ICC umpires were willing to have a go. Ross Emerson was very adamant about his thoughts about chuckers but they soon put him into the background.
A GENERATION OF CHUCKERS
"I suppose I was lucky I had a few games under my belt so they didn't want to target me, but they certainly got him out of the way fairly swiftly. It'll be interesting to see how many umpires are brave enough to get involved in it. I said it in the late '90s that if something wasn't done about it you'd have a generation of chuckers on your hands and now you have."
Since July 2014, ICC match officials reported Sri Lanka's Sachithra Senanayake, Pakistan's Saeed Ajmal , New Zealand's Kane Williamson , Zimbabwe's Prosper Utseya and Bangladesh's Sohag Gazi for suspect actions and all of them were banned from bowling in international cricket after undergoing tests. Sunil Narine , Mohammad Hafeez , Adnan Rasool, Suryakumar Yadav and Prenelan Subrayen were also reported for suspect actions in the Champions League T20. While all of these bowlers are finger spinners, Bangladesh's Al-Amin Hossain was the only medium-pacer reported, during Bangladesh's tour of West Indies in September.
The drive against illegal actions intensified after an ICC Cricket Committee meeting in June. "The game had reached a tipping point on this issue, when many groups within the game felt that there were too many bowlers with suspect actions operating in international cricket," ICC general manager of cricket operations, Geoff Allardice, told Fairfax Media. "The most prominent of these groups was the ICC Cricket Committee at its meeting in June, when it observed the ICC's reporting and testing procedures were not adequately scrutinising these bowlers. They weren't the only ones talking about this issue, as similar views had been expressed by teams, players, umpires, referees and administrators.
"Since that time the umpires have felt more confident to report their concerns with certain bowlers, and their concerns have been supported by the results of the testing of these reported bowlers."
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Most Popular

Arjun Kapoor becomes fat againArjun’s dramatic weight gain
by clipko 0:42 mins
156,300 views
Bollywood stars make headlines for their eight-pack abs, but Arjun Kapoor is in the news for a completely opposite reason.
Link

Travel: 20 must-do Indian road tripsBigg Boss 8
20 Road Trips Every Serious Indian Traveller Must Take
Predictability in travel can be a little boring, don't you think? Why not hit the road instead? HolidayIQ Travellers provide penetrative insight on the trips you must take
By HolidayIQ | Yahoo Lifestyle –  Thu 25 Sep, 2014 3:27 PM IST
Share 0
Yahoo Lifestyle/ThinkStock - India is just great for road trips and the Himalayas are a favoured destination
And you thought monsoon isn’t a good time to take road trips! You can always hop inside a train or take a short flight to your next holiday destination. But, predictability in travel can be a little boring, don't you think? Why not hit the road instead. All you need is a car or bike. Tank it up, stock it with travel essentials and voila!
Delhi-Leh
Magnetic Hill in Leh
 The road is open for traffic from June to September. Whether you travel by car or by bike, the ride is spectacular. The passes of Barlacha La, Rohtang Pass, the rivers Beas and Chandra, and a beautiful landscape will greet you. Throughout the route popular stops include Sarchu and Keylong.
Distance: 990 km Time taken: 3 days
Travel route: Delhi - Chandigarh - Mandi - Kullu - Manali - Rohtang La - Kokhsar - Tandi - Keylong - Darcha - Sarchu - Pang - Upshi - Leh 
Travel tip: Make sure you fill up your tank at Tandi as the next petrol pump on the route is 365 km away. As the altitude increases after Sarcha, the road condition worsens. Make sure you are geared with all travel essentials including rain gear, woolens and food.
 
Jaipur to Jaisalmer
The road leading up to Gadisar Lake
The golden sands beckon! Drive on highways as smooth as butter and watch desert life pass by. The route from Jaipur to Jaisalmer is dotted with small villages and towns that will welcome you with open arms. Vibrant colours and delectable food are a given. 
Distance: 570 km Time taken: 9 hours
Travel route: Jaipur - Merta Road - Jodhpur - Mathaniya - Osiyan - Phalodi - Ramdevra - Pokaran - Lathi – Jaisalmer
Travel tip: Do make a pitstop at Kumbalgarh to visit the Kumbalgarh Fort and the Kumbalgarh Wildlife Sanctuary
 
Mumbai to Goa
Mumbai to Goa in the monsoon
Pack your sun block and flip-flops and travel to the land of sun and sand from Mumbai. And the drive from Mumbai to Goa is scenic too. Leave Mumbai around 5 am, Drive on NH 17 and reach Goa in time to catch the beautiful sunset.  
Distance: 615 km Time taken: 10 hours 
Travel route: Catch the NH 17 and its one beautiful road right up to Goa!
Travel tip: The roads are beautiful. All you do is look out of the window and be amazed by the picturesque views.
 
Bangalore to Coorg
Bangalore to Coorg
If the bustling Bangalore life compels you to take a vacation to a lonely place, drive to the 'Scotland of India' - Coorg. The amazing local food joints serving the most delicious masala dosas and Maddur vada. Driving through the winding Western Ghats hugging the coffee plantations and the rough terrain indicates an adventurous yet peaceful holiday ahead.
Distance: 260 km Time taken: 5 hours
Travel Route: Bangalore – Bidadi – Ramanagaram – Chennapatna – Maddur – Mandya – Srirangapatna – Mysore - Yelwal – Hunsur – Kempalapura – Piriyapatna – Bylakuppe – Kushalnagara – Suntikoppa – Madikeri, Coorg
Travel Tip: Avoid entering Mysore City and escape the traffic by taking a bypass from Srirangapatna. Barring a 30-km stretch, just before reaching Coorg and the bypass, the road is in excellent condition.
 
Jaipur to Ranthambore 
Holiday IQ Road Trips - Jaipur to Ranthambore
With mustard fields and open spaces dotting the highway, the drive from Jaipur to Ranthambore is scenic. If the promise Ranthambore offers - a date with the tiger - isn't thrilling enough, the drive through small villages and roadside dhabas that offer delicious Rajasthani cuisine should be worth the trip.  
Distance: 180 km Time taken: 4 hours
Travel route: Jaipur - Basi - Lalsot - Justana – Ranthambore
Travel tip: Preferably, take the route via Tonk. It takes more time but the roads on this route are in better condition. Do try some 'Dal bati' at a roadside dhaba near Tonk. 
 
Kolkata to Kumaon
 
The change in landscape and on this road trip is incredible. A family of four or a group of friends, this road trip is convenient for all age groups as there are pumps and restaurants at regular intervals, the roads are great and the trip will give you a chance to discover varied destinations en route, right from the ghats of Varanasi to the foodie delights of Kanpur.
Distance: 1,300 km Time taken: 4 days
Travel route: Kolkata - Durgapur - Varanasi - Allahabad - Kanpur - Pilibhit - Kumaon
Travel tip: If you plan to explore Binsar on the way, drive down from Almora towards Binsar where you will find a German Bakery on the main road. It serves delicious pizzas and 'thukpa'. 
 
Ahmedabad to Diu
Ahmedabad to Diu
Warm breeze and untouched, clean beaches, Diu is less touristy and a perfect getaway this summer. And the drive to the destination is an experience in itself; a must-visit.       
Distance: 380 km Time taken: 8 hours 
Travel route: Ahmedabad - Bavla - Bagodra - Dholera - Bhavnagar - Tahaja - Mahuva - Diu
Travel tip: A pitstop at Dholavira is a must
 
Mumbai to Mount Abu
Mumbai to Mount Abu
When tired and bored with a mundane life, getaway from the city and seek solace in the hills of Mount Abu. Summers are pleasant in Mount Abu and a boat ride on Nakki Lake is all you need to relax. Preferably, make a pit stop in Ahmedabad for a day and get to know the city. 
Distance: 745 km Time taken: 12 hours
Travel route: Mumbai - Palghar - Dahanu - Vapi - Valsad - Bharuch - Vadodara - Nadiad - Ahmedabad - Himmatnagar - Abu Road - Mount Abu 
Travel tip: NH8 is a preferred route. There are several filling stations and dhabas en route. 
 
Guwahati to Tawang
The route takes you to travel gems, which are highly underrated such as Cherrapunji, Imphal and Kaziranga.   
Distance: 480 km Time taken: 9 hours
Travel route: Guwahati - Bomdilla - Tawang
Travel tip: While going to Tawang to Guwahati, go via Bomdilla. However, while returning, you can halt at Bhalukpong, which is a good option for a pitstop. On the route there are number of roadside stalls that offer tea, momos and Maggi. 
 
Ahmedabad to Kutch
Ahmedabad to Kutch
To the land, which is barren and white adorned by vibrant people, Kutch is a land of contrasts. A memorable drive from Ahmedabad to the town will give you a chance to discover the Rann of Kutch, a Wild Ass Sanctuary and precious local handicrafts.      
Distance: 400 km Time taken: 7 hours
Travel route: Ahmedabad - Viramgam - Dhrangadhra - Halvad - Lakadia - Bhachau - Bhuj
Travel tip: Do visit Hodko village in Kutch to shop for some local handicrafts.
 
Chennai to Yelagiri
Chennai to Yelagiri
Escape to the erstwhile colonial retreat - Yelagiri - to beat the city heat. This quaint little town surrounded by hills with hairpin bends is god sent for bikers. Popular for some of the best trekking trails through thick reserve forests across India, the hills are a true delight to the trekker.
Distance: 228 km Time taken: 4 hours
Travel Route:Take the Pollamani Road out of the town to reach Pollamani Town. From Pollamani, take the Bangalore Highway to reach Vellore, which is 140 km from Chennai. From Vellore, continue towards Vaniyabadi and keep a lookout for the signboard pointing to Yelagiri. Take that road, cross Ponneri in between and reach Yelagiri Hills, about 22 km away.
Travel Tip: Beware of rock falls as they are common during monsoon.
 
Mumbai to Tarkarli
Mumbai to Tarkarli
One of the few hidden gems in Maharashtra, Tarkarli is a beach paradise. Clear waters and clean and untouched beaches, there aren't many tourists here and you can lounge at the beach without being disturbed by pesky hawkers. Scuba dive or snorkel in the clear blue sea before you leave.
Distance: 535 km Time taken: 9 hours
Travel route: Mumbai - Lonavala - Kolhapur - Gaganbavada - Kasal - Malvan - Tarkarli
Travel tip: Take the NH 17 from Mumbai. At Kasal, take the SH 108 to reach Tarkarli. The route is scenic and worth the long drive. 
 
Bangalore to Munnar
Bangalore to Munnar
The popularity of Munnar as the most favored summer tourist spot dates back to the colonial days. Let the wheels roll through smooth roads; for most part of it except for a few places in the ghat section. You have enough and more places keep you hunger away. Besides, there are numerous petrol pumps at regular intervals.
Distance: 476 km Time taken: 10 hours
Travel Route: Bangalore - Hosur- Krishnagiri - Dharmapuri - Salem - Perundurai – Kangeyam – Dharapuram – Udumalaipet – Marayoor - Munnar
Travel tip: This is a no-cell-phone-coverage zone! Be prepared to stay disconnected.
 
Delhi to Jaipur
This route ain't for the fainthearted. Embark on this road trip to be overwhelmed with a mix of culture, heritage and wildlife. Visit Agra for the Taj Mahal, Ranthambore for spotting the tiger, and Jaipur for its exquisite heritage structures and palaces. A five-day tour, this road trip is perfect for all groups, be it families, a group of friends or couples. 
Distance: 275 km Time taken: 5 hours
Travel route: Delhi - Agra - Fatehpur Sikri - Jaipur
Travel tip: It's the Golden Triangle and the roads are definitely good. Before approaching Jaipur, on NH 11 visit the Sharma Dhaba for some mouth-watering Rajasthani food.
 
Hyderabad to Kannur
Craving for a long drive ride? Take a break on calm, more like private beaches of Kannur. The excellent stretch between Hyderabad and Bangalore is comfortable and can be covered easily in 8 hours. There are plenty of fuel stations throughout the journey and you can taste some of the best local cuisines along the highway. The beef biryani is to die for.
Distance: 897 km Time taken: 14 hours
Travel route: Hyderabad – Shamshabad – Shadnagar - Kurnool - Gooty - Anantpur - Penukonda - Bagepalli - Chikballapur - Devanahalli
Bangalore to Kannur (shortest distance): Bangalore – Srirangapatna - Yelvala - Hunsur - Virajpet - Makutta (ghat section) - Iritty - Kannur (Around 320 km)
Travel Tip: The bumpy roads at Virajpet can be avoided if you take the road via Coorg. You will take longer to reach Kannur.
 
Chennai to Pondicherry
Breathe in the architecture, the French culture and have a lazy weekend. The route to Pondicherry is among the best drives one can get off Chennai. Look out for the huge salt making set-up somewhere 50-60 km from Chennai. The curvy roads will surely excite the riders but at some points it is curvaceous to the point of being risky. So watch out!
Distance:160 km via ECR Time taken: 3 hours
Travel Tip: Tank up at Pondicherry and some save money on fuel!
 
 Kolkata to Digha
Shankarpur Beach in Digha, Srikumar Mitra/ Flickr
A perfect short trip this summer! The journey won't take up much of your time. Digha's beaches, sea food and its laid back lifestyle is just what you need from that holiday you have been waiting for. 
Distance: 180 km Time taken: 3 hours
Travel route: Kolkata - Vidyasagar Setu - Kolaghat - Nimtouri - Bajkul - Kanthi - Digha
Travel tip: Start really early from Kolkata, preferably at 5, or leave after 12 pm, to avoid traffic jams. Ideally, leave early, reach Kolaghat by 7.30 for a hearty breakfast.
Cruise on the NH-58 and pass idyllic towns and villages to reach Dehradun from Delhi. A great place to escape the summer heat of Delhi, at Dehradun, let your hair lose and relax or indulge in trekking, hiking and skiing.      
Distance: 255 km Time taken: 5 hours
Travel route: Delhi - Meerut - Muzaffarnagar - Sahranpur- Dehradun  
Travel tip: The route is prone to regular traffic jams     .  
 
Darjeeling to Pelling
This is a trip you should take just to experience the journey. Pass through gorgeous valleys and mountains as you head towards Pelling from Darjeeling. En route there are many pit stops you can make including Kalimpong for some local sightseeing. 
Distance: 110 km Time taken: 3 hours
Travel route: Darjeeling - Kalimpong - Manpur - Jorethang - Geyzing - Pelling 
Travel tip: Do check weather updates before embarking on the road trip as the route is prone to blockages due to harsh weather conditions.
 
Kolkata to Puri
From the City of Joy to the land of beaches and the Jagannath Temple, the drive from Kolkata to Puri is less explored but worth the drive. Travellers can discover many smaller towns on the way including Kuliana and Basinga, which are otherwise, not popular on the tourist map. 
Distance: 500 km Time taken: 11 hours
Travel route: Kolkata - Kolaghat - Panskura - Kharagpur - Kuliana - Betnoti - Basinga - Balasore - Bhadrakh - Cuttack - Pipli - Puri
Travel tip: The road conditions are usually not great between Balasore and Bhadrakh. Try and cover the stretch during the day.  
As suggested by travellers on HolidayIQ.com

RIL reports marginal growth in Q2 netUpdated: October 13, 2014 22:32 IST
RIL reports marginal growth in Q2 net
Lalatendu Mishra
business (general)
Reliance Industries Ltd. (RIL), despite 4.3 per cent drop in turnover, has reported a marginal 1.7 per cent growth in consolidated net profit at Rs.5,972 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2014, as compared to Rs.5,873 crore in the same period last year. The company’s consolidated turnover was at Rs.1.13 lakh crore as compared to Rs.1.18 lakh crore in the same period last year, primarily due to fall in crude prices.
While the company’s exploration and production businesses remained under pressure, better performance of the refining and petrochemicals businesses helped RIL report a record net profit during the quarter.
“RIL’s financial performance for the period stands testimony to the intrinsic strength of our integrated business operations. The refining and petrochemical businesses, once again, delivered robust results, outperforming regional industry benchmarks,” RIL Chairman and Managing Director Mukesh D. Ambani said in a statement.
Large investment programme
“Renewed optimism in the domestic economy augurs well for business and consumer confidence, particularly against the backdrop of continuing concerns on global economic growth. We expect to create significant value for our stakeholders over the next 12-18 months as we complete our large investment programme across energy and consumer businesses. These projects will propel the next phase of growth for India and Reliance,” Mr. Ambani said.
RIL’s gross refining margins (GRM) for the quarter stood at $8.3 a barrel as compared to $7.7 a barrel in the same period last year. In the petrochemicals business, cracking margins were at three-year high as the feedstock costs were lower. RIL’s organised retail business did well, and the company added 283 new stores. Revenue from this business grew 20 per cent to Rs.4,167 crore.
The company was planning to make a foray into e-commerce in a big way as part of its retail strategy, company officials said, adding that Reliance Jio broadband services would be launched before the middle of next year.
In the past six months, RIL had made capital expenditure of Rs.45,000 crore, and would spend another Rs.55,000 crore in the second half, he said.

Historic low: Retail inflation eases to 6.5% in SeptemberHistoric low: Retail inflation eases to 6.5% in September
BS Reporter | New Delhi Oct 14, 2014 12:58 AM IST
The rate of retail inflation in September eased to 6.46 per cent — the lowest since the series was launched in January 2012 — driven mainly by a significant drop in food prices and subdued demand for industrial goods. The rate, as measured by the consumer price index (CPI), had stood at 7.73 per cent in August and 9.84 per cent in September last year.
However, despite the inflation rate falling to a level much below the Reserve Bank of India’s target of eight per cent for January 2015, a lowering of the key policy rate is unlikely in the near future. According to economists, the central bank might wait for more surety on its target for the next year — having the retail inflation rate at six per cent in January 2016.
“We expect the RBI’s January 2015 target to be comfortably achieved. But the likelihood of a repo rate cut in 2014-15 remains low,” said Icra Senior Economist Aditi Nayar.
ALSO READ:  Banks begin to ease bulk deposit rates
However, Deloitte India Senior Director Anis Chakravarty said the RBI would find some comfort in these numbers and might aid in the nominal anchoring that had been set. “We do not expect the rates to be revised till the trend of sub-seven per cent retail inflation holds,” he added.
With the wholesale inflation rate having already declined to a five-year low of 3.74 per cent in August, industry has been calling for a cut in the repurchase rate by the RBI. The demand has grown louder, with the annual industrial growth rate in August falling to 0.4 per cent, the lowest this financial year.
The lowest rate for CPI-based inflation before this was seen in June (7.46 per cent). At the time of the launch of the series in January 2012, the rate was 7.65 per cent. In September, retail inflation declined in both urban and rural areas - at a much steeper rate in the latter. While it came down by 0.70 percentage points from the previous month in urban areas (from 7.04 per cent in August to 6.34 per cent), the rural areas saw it plunging 1.59 percentage points (from 8.27 per cent to 6.68 per cent).
The drop in retail inflation was largely driven by the food component of it. The retail food inflation rate declined 1.68 percentage points in the month - to 7.67 per cent from 9.35 per cent in August -partly because of the Pitra Paksha period, when Hindu devotees observe dietary restraints. Food has a weight of 45 per cent (the highest) on CPI.
Still, among food sub-components, inflation in pulses rose from 6.88 per cent in August to 7.18 per cent in September. The data came at a time when advance estimates for food production indicated production of pulses in this year's kharif season would be 14 per cent lower than a year ago.
Cereal prices in the month rose 6.42 per cent on a year-on-year basis, against 7.39 per cent in August.
Oils and fats did not see any annual price change in September, while it was 0.70 per cent the previous month. However, kharif production of oilseeds is projected to decline 12 per cent from last year; this might increase inflation in their prices in the near term. Eggs, fish and meat turned 6.35 per cent more expensive in September (on a year-on-year basis), against 7.71 per cent in August. Inflation in vegetable prices fell to 8.59 per cent from 15.15 per cent in August, while fruit prices rose at 22.40 per cent (against 24.27 per cent the previous month). Fuel & light turned 3.45 per cent costlier on a yearly basis, compared with 4.15 per cent in August.
A softening in prices of various commodities, including crude oil and domestic prices of unregulated fuels, are expected to benefit the CPI trajectory in the coming months. Besides, according to economists, a favourable base effect would moderate retail inflation till November this year.

40 years ago... and now: How M&M was driven to innovate40 years ago... and now: How M&M was driven to innovate
Dev Chatterjee |  Oct 14, 2014 12:48 AM IST
On October 7, Mahindra & Mahindra (M&M), flagship company of the $16.5 billion Mahindra Group, announced the acquisition of the loss-making scooter business of French automobile major Peugeot. The transaction will help Mahindra Two Wheelers gain scale, and both companies plan to leverage each other's strengths.
This is not the first time M&M is growing its business via acquisitions. In 40 years, M&M has perfected the art of combining innovation and acquisitions to grow from a single-product company, the famous Jeep, a few decades ago to a multi-product conglomerate with a global reach.
The innovation and acquisitions has helped M&M grow to an Indian multinational with Rs 85,000 crore of market value . It logged in Rs 74,000 crore revenue and Rs 4,300 crore of profits for fiscal 2014 in the last two decades (see chart).
Most of M&M's acquisitions are quite recent relative to its 70-year history. It took over Punjab Tractors in 2007 to become a well-entrenched player in the tractor segment. In 2009, it bought crisis-ridden Satyam Computers and merged it with its technology arm Tech Mahindra. In 2010, M&M bought Ssangyong in South Korea to get into the international markets. Later, the company saw an opportunity in the electric car segment and took over Reva in 2010.
To get into the highly competitive two-wheeler segment, Mahindra bought Kinetic scooters in 2008 and has now topped it by buying Peugeot's scooter business.
Yet acquisitions were not the foundation of Mahindra's success story: It was innovation. And almost every innovation was born following a crisis.
In 1973, at the peak of oil crisis, Mahindra was left with no option but to come out with a new engine for its best-selling model - Jeep. As oil prices zoomed up from $3 to $12, the company had just few months to shift from its World War II- era petrol guzzler Hurricane engine to a diesel engine.
From selling 14,000 Jeeps in 1973, Mahindra was selling just 7,000 vehicles within just three-and-a-half years by 1976. Mahindra's innovation skills came to its rescue as the company assembled a team under its director Kumar Sardesai to convert its high-power, low speed, tractor engine to a high-power, high-speed diesel engine.
The engine was an instant hit because rural mechanics found it easier to service the Jeep since locals were very familiar with the Mahindra tractor engine. Recalls Bharat Doshi, Director, M&M: "That engine continued in operation in our utility vehicles as late as the year 2000. So, an innovation born out of necessity actually became a long-term demand and competitive advantage for us."
During the oil crisis, Mahindra had two companies: the auto company that was suffering from the low mileage of Hurricane petrol engine and the tractor company which was haemorrhaging due to regulatory requirements and price controls. The tractor company was unable to sell products because the government was dictating the selling price even when the costs were shooting up due to the seventies' hyper-inflation.
Thanks to innovation, both companies survived. Mahindra Tractors simply started selling its engines to Mahindra's auto company, which were fitted on its Jeeps. "This is the ability and DNA of the group, to fight and emerge winners in a difficult environment and when odds are against us," says Doshi.
Similarly, as passenger vehicles sales started going up, Mahindra hit upon another idea. In 2002, the company launched its SUV (sports utility vehicle) - Scorpio, and followed up with a better-looking, upgraded SUV - XUV5OO in 2011. Both vehicles were instant success as the product quality was high and the pricing was right. Compared with rival Tata Motors, M&M's products were instant success stories. In the utility vehicle segment, Mahindra's market share is 36 per cent against Tata Motors' 4.9 per cent in the April-September half-year, according to Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers. But M&M has had its share of setbacks too. The company had limited success in passenger cars and failed to make a dent in the segment in spite of marquee tie-ups with Ford and Renault.
Shadow board
Group chairman Anand Mahindra says in India every company should seed internal disruptors to view the same issue with different perspective. One of the internal disruptors that Mahindra has is the "Shadow Board." All Mahindra group companies are required to form a Shadow Board made up of people under 35 years of age, who meet every quarter and behave as if they were the board of Mahindra and discuss what they would be doing differently.
"One of the classic examples of their performance I give is, when we were not bidding for Punjab Tractors at one stage, at our annual conference, during these Shadow Board presentations, one of them did a very interesting skit. They pretended that they were from a competitor, and they play-acted as if they had bought over Punjab Tractors. They demonstrated that if they bought it and Mahindra didn't, what would happen in the market," Mahindra said in an earlier interview.
"At that time, we had been looking at IRRs (Internal Rate of Return), our walkaway price, our strategic synergy value etc. I came away frightened out of my mind. I have no doubt in admitting that all of us there who eventually bought Punjab Tractors were affected by that, because a bunch of people took time out to think about what would happen. That forced us to think differently. Punjab Tractors today is among our most successful acquisitions," he says.
On Reva, Mahindra says electric cars are an innovation that can disrupt the automobile sector. "When the future comes, it doesn't come with a very long overture. It comes with the curtain just about rising or dropping. Today, if someone asks whether Tesla (a US-based electric car maker) will disrupt the automotive business in India, I'll answer, "Mahindra won't be worried!"
(Devina Joshi contributed to this article)

MFs raise stake in BSE 500 firms in Q2MFs raise stake in BSE 500 firms in Q2
Maha polls: Will BJP win after severing ties with Shiv Sena | Full CoverageAmit Shah
(Most polls give BJP the status…)
NEW DELHI: Campaigning ended in Maharashtra on Monday and the big question is whether the Modi-Shah gamble of going alone will work. From pollsters to pundits to non-BJP parties, including exally Shiv Sena, there are plenty of sceptics about BJP's strategy.
Most polls give BJP the status of the single-largest party but none has given it a single party majority (145 or more seats in a 288-seat assembly). Parties fighting BJP in a five-cornered contest as well as many pundits say crossing the 145-seat hurdle may be really tough for BJP in an election where seatwise victory margins can be very narrow.
Pundits have been speculating whether Shiv Sena or NCP would be BJP's post-poll ally and what such an alliance may mean in terms of BJP's operational freedom. But BJP's top strategists and central leadership are confident — 150 or more seats in Maharashtra is their internal estimate. ET spoke to a large number of BJP strategists, including close aides of party chief and top strategist Amit Shah, to get a sense of the campaign strategy that unfolded after the big gamble. All leaders spoke on the condition they not be identified.
THREE PLANKS
BJP's Maharashtra strategy is based on three approaches, a senior leader closely involved with planning told ET. First, an early assertion that BJP was not going to be the junior partner in a BJP-Sena alliance.
Second, rolling out a 'cover the whole of Maharashtra' organisational strategy in super quick time. This was necessary because BJP, over the past two decades, has had minimal presence in parts of the state that were left to the Sena.
Third, draft leaders and campaign specialists from outside Maharashtra, especially those trusted by Shah, and give them responsibilities for sub-regions in the state. A senior leader told ET, "We worked overtime for two weeks...compressing the whole campaign in that time". This was the behind-the-scenes strategy fronted by Narendra Modi's 27 rallies in the state as well as many more speeches by Shah and Rajnath Singh. "The Maharashtra campaign is a Modi-Shah campaign... it's their big gamble and their strategy," a senior BJP leader said.
  THE BREAK-UP
Several BJP strategists said they realised "very early" that Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray was not prepared to concede any ground. "The first meeting between Shah and Uddhav showed what will happen...there was no chemistry...Uddhav expected to be treated as the senior partner... he didn't expect and could not swallow a new BJP saying it wanted more seats," a close aide of the BJP president told ET.
"Uddhav-ji ko yeh insulting laga ki unse koi seats ka hisaab maang raha tha," this leader said about the Shah-Uddhav meeting at the beginning of the negotiations.
Another aide said the strategy can be summed up thus: "Yeh purani wali BJP nahi rahi. Aur yeh purani wali Sena bhi nahi thi." There wasn't unanimity in the wider Sangh about this strategy. A senior BJP leader said RSS was in favour of "all Hindutva forces" fighting together. This leader also said Prime Minister Narendra Modi was in favour of "trying as much as possible" to keep the BJP-Sena alliance alive.
"But Uddhav was adamant on renegotiating seat sharing and Shah increasingly began to feel that BJP alone had a better chance," the leader quoted earlier said. "Shah's view was that if BJP contests 120 seats, its tally was likely to be around 80, but contesting all 288 may give the party 130-plus at least," this leader said.
Shah explained his position at BJP's September 21 parliamentary board meeting, pointing out that Sena wasn't reciprocating BJP's Lok Sabha gesture where it let Sena contest six more seats than it traditionally did. Shah, a leader present at that meeting said, also told the parliamentary board that Sena wasn't prepared to have any discussions on 60-odd assembly seats it had not won in the past 25 years. The board had asked Shah to try and keep the alliance alive. But the tipping point, a close aide of Shah said, was Sena's "absolute refusal to concede any more seats". BJP decided to go it alone at that point of time.
TWO HECTIC WEEKS
After the break-up, BJP had barely two weeks to make an all-Maharashtra campaign pitch. Huge number of rallies by the PM, Shah and Rajnath Singh were one part of the two-week campaign strategy.
A senior leader said Modi's strong appeal to the urban audience and the fact that 42% of Maharashtra is urban meant the impact of PM's 27 planned rallies "was going to be considerable". Behind this, this leader said, "was amassive organisational push".

View: Why Murthy is no  ordinary Joe  despite declining Infosys post(By joining shareholder…)
By: Anjana Menon
Infosys, India's storied technology firm that was beginning to lose shine, is not just starting to glow, it is lighting the way. In the latest quarter, it turned in a profit that beat street estimates. The bigger celebration is that its founder and chairman N R Narayana Murthy said he no longer wanted any role in the firm and preferred to be an "average Joe".
By moving away, Murthy has cut the cord from the firm he helped found, leaving its fate to professional managers. By opting to be a mere shareholder, he's telling businesses in Asia to choose shareholder interest over founder control.
Murthy and his fellow architects can be credited for birthing one of India's most-professionally-run big-league firms. Yet, for all the noise on governance, the Infosys management was clingy. Up until this year, the role of the chief executive always rested with a former founder. It never deviated from the belief that having hung around from the start, one must be rewarded with a shot at the top job
Infosys, sadly, learnt the hard way that their mantra did not always guarantee success. Last year, after losing profitability, market share and scores of employees, under one of their founders-turned-CEO, Murthy was forced to reengineer a comeback as chairman. In the 15 months that followed, he was ambushed by a slew of high profile exits, making his return pockmarked and somewhat controversial.
Still, Murthy did manage to steady the ship and bring in more orders. Somewhere along the way, Murthy also looped in an outsider for the top job. He found Vishal Sikka, a former board member of SAP, a giant European software firm.
The first set of earnings under Sikka rocks. He's also laid out a roadmap for growth. That's not to say that Sikka can be credited with the turnaround, because he's only been with Infosys since August. However, he is making the right noises, helped by a fortuitous spike in earnings. To investors, after many quarters of roiling, this must come as a relief.
More subtly, Murthy has shifted sympathies in the knotty issue of 'agency principal' interests. In business parlance, it means a conflict of interest between a company's management and the stockholders. The manager, acting as the agent for the shareholders, is supposed to make decisions that will maximise shareholder wealth. However, often, it is in the manager's interest to maximise his own wealth.
In founder-managed firms, the problem is compounded. While most owners will work hard to grow their assets, in founder-led firms when the CEO is also a founder, it's hard to show him the door, if he underperforms. So, by joining the shareholder rank, and recusing himself of all executive roles, Murthy has thrown in his lot with the common folk. If Sikka doesn't perform, Murthy's sizeable fortune along with retail investors, stands to shrink. It is a winning stamp of approval for the outsider Sikka, and enough to restore the empathy Murthy lost with his second coming.
 
It's an example worth emulating, especially in corporate Asia, where founder-led firms pass on the baton mostly to family. Oftentimes, less-prudent family members make poor managers and reluctant heirs. Still, they are viewed indulgently by appointees, because of the false entitlement from being part of the founder's family, even in a listed firm. In the long run, if these insiders bumble and stumble though board meetings and business briefings, it is shareholders who wilt as the stock value falls.
That's usually exacerbated by the lack of transparency in most firms, where a web of friendly holdings and opaque trusts ensures that founders always remain in control, making the retail shareholder a sideshow. Public shareholders have few, if any, rights, and they hardly ever extend to ousting an underperforming CEO.
In the new global marketplace of nimble entrepreneurs and disruptive technology, founders ought to recognise that letting go may be the best way of getting ahead. If they get professional talent for their companies, it is highly likely they will find the best person for the job, especially when they have little say in management. For shareholders too, there is upside in wealth created by a professional manager, rather than a loss in asset value for the sake of founder control.
The US has several examples of large firms where founders and their families are just shareholders, leaving the rest to professional managers. In Asia, our ambition to excel has so far been restricted to business competitiveness. It's time we competed on probity.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Most Indian women engaged in unpaid houseworkNEW DELHI, October 14, 2014
Updated: October 14, 2014 10:52 IST
Most Indian women engaged in unpaid housework
Rukmini S
The Hindu Over 60 per cent of adult women are primarily engaged in housework .
TOPICS
social conditions
NSSO urged to use time-use surveys to ascertain homemakers’ economically productive activity
Close to two out of every three Indian women are, in their prime working years, primarily engaged in unpaid housework, new NSSO data shows.
This phenomenon, on the rise over the last decade, is least common in the southern and north-eastern States and most common in the northern States, Punjab, Haryana and Uttar Pradesh in particular.
In data released on Sunday, the National Sample Survey Office’s 68th round, which covered one lakh households in every State and Union Territory, looked at women’s usual employment status.
Over 60 per cent of adult women, the NSSO found, are primarily engaged in housework — slightly more so among urban women. The data shows that women, in both rural and urban areas, are increasingly reporting domestic work as their main occupation.
Even though a majority of the women surveyed were engaged in productive activity — collecting firewood or rearing household poultry — they could not be classified as ‘workers’ as the value added by and the number of hours spent on these actions were not sufficient to constitute ‘economically productive activity’.
Feminist economists like Indira Hirway, Director and Professor of Economics at the Centre for Development Alternatives, Ahmedabad, have urged NSSO to implement ‘time-use surveys’ which would allow researchers to understand how much time home-bound women spend on economically productive activity.
Among women who spend most of their time on domestic duties, the survey noted that over 60 per cent said they did so because there was no other family member to help out with the household chores.
A third of women doing domestic work also said during the survey they would be willing to take up regular paid home-based work, particularly of tailoring.
The right question
The survey did not ask women engaged in domestic work if they would like to take up work outside the house.
“There is undoubtedly one segment of women doing domestic work who do not want to take up paid work outside the house. But we cannot assume that this is the case for all women, and the NSSO should be asking them this question,” labour economist Preet Rustagi, Professor at the Institute of Human Development, said.
Moreover, while the NSSO asks home-bound women what they would need to take up paid work (easy finance, for instance), it does not ask if women would like someone to share the domestic burden with them.

DLF tanks over 20% on Sebi banDLF tanks over 20% on Sebi ban
SI Reporter | Mumbai Oct 14, 2014 09:18 AM IST
DLF has tanked 24% to Rs 111, also its 52-week low on National Stock Exchange NSE) after the market regulator the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) barred the real estate major and six of its top executives, including Chairman K P Singh, from accessing the capital market for three years.
The Sebi order, after finding the company guilty of “active and deliberate suppression” of material information at the time of its public issue, leaves DLF out in the cold even as others capitalise on the current bull run, the Business Standard report suggests.
Meanwhile, DLF in a regulatory filing said that the same is being reviewed by DLF and its legal advisors. DLF and its Board wish to reassure its investors and all other stakeholders that it has not acted in contravention of law either during its initial public offer or otherwise.
DLF and its board were guided by and acted on the advise of eminent legal advisors, merchant bankers and audit firms while formulating its Offer documents. DLF will defend itself to the fullest extent against any adverse findings and measures contained in the Order passed by SEBI. DLF has full faith in the judicial process and is confident of vindication of its stand in the near future, it added.
The stock opened at Rs 132 and has seen a combined around 500,000 shares changed hands on the counter in early morning deals on NSE and BSE.

DLF plunges over 20% on Sebi ban | Balance sheet to take a hitYou are here: Home > Collections > Investors
DLF plunges over 20% on Sebi ban; falls below strong support around Rs 120 levels
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 14, 2014, 09.21AM IST
Tags:
DLF
(Regulatory action stems…)
NEW DELHI: Shares of India's biggest real estate company, DLF, plunged as much as 22.43 per cent to Rs 113.90, also its new 52-week low in early trade on Tuesday, a day after the stock market regulator Sebi barred DLF and six of its top executives including chairman K P Singh from accessing stock markets for a period of three years.
The regulatory action stems from the DLF management's failure to disclose material information to investors during the firm's equity offer in 2007 to raise Rs 9,187 crore.
At 09:20 a.m.; DLF was trading 21.80 per cent lower at Rs 114.80. It hit a low of Rs 113.90 and a high of Rs 132.25 in morning trade today.
The Sebi verdict on DLF sends a singular message to not only investors of realty stocks but also to stake holders of companies with shoddy corporate governance practices, ET said in a report.
The news is likely to hit the entire real estate sector negatively and investors are advised to stay away from these sectors as of now and look for companies with strong balance sheet, say analysts.
"This is big news and it will impact entire Realty sector and stock negatively. Big giants like HDIL , Indiabulls Real Estate and Unitech may continue southward journey. Investors should to stay away from these sectors as of now," said Vivek Gupta,CMT - Director Research, CapitalVia Global Research Limited.
There is a strong possibility that investors stuck with DLF stock may dump the shares to move on to companies with strong balance sheets and consistent track record in terms of growth.
"Well, it is bit difficult to say how big the correction would be, but we are expecting at least 7%-10% downside in Stock," he added.
Gupta is of the view that on daily charts DLF has a strong support of 120, one can expect deep correction if it break the major support of 120.
It is anticipated that DLF will challenge the Sebi's order in the Securities Appellate Tribunal.
Reacting to the Sebi order, DLF in a press note clarified that its Board wishes to reassure its investors and all other stakeholders that it has not acted in contravention of law either during its initial public offer or otherwise.
"DLF and its board were guided by and acted on the advise of eminent legal advisors, merchant bankers and audit firms while formulating its Offer documents," said the note.
DLF said that it will defend itself to the fullest extent against any adverse findings and measures contained in the Order passed by SEBI.
FEATURED ARTICLES

DLF plunges over 20% on Sebi ban; below support of Rs 120 levelsYou are here: Home > Collections > Investors
DLF plunges over 20% on Sebi ban; falls below strong support around Rs 120 levels
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 14, 2014, 09.21AM IST
Tags:
DLF
(Regulatory action stems…)
NEW DELHI: Shares of India's biggest real estate company, DLF, plunged as much as 22.43 per cent to Rs 113.90, also its new 52-week low in early trade on Tuesday, a day after the stock market regulator Sebi barred DLF and six of its top executives including chairman K P Singh from accessing stock markets for a period of three years.
The regulatory action stems from the DLF management's failure to disclose material information to investors during the firm's equity offer in 2007 to raise Rs 9,187 crore.
At 09:20 a.m.; DLF was trading 21.80 per cent lower at Rs 114.80. It hit a low of Rs 113.90 and a high of Rs 132.25 in morning trade today.
The Sebi verdict on DLF sends a singular message to not only investors of realty stocks but also to stake holders of companies with shoddy corporate governance practices, ET said in a report.
The news is likely to hit the entire real estate sector negatively and investors are advised to stay away from these sectors as of now and look for companies with strong balance sheet, say analysts.
"This is big news and it will impact entire Realty sector and stock negatively. Big giants like HDIL , Indiabulls Real Estate and Unitech may continue southward journey. Investors should to stay away from these sectors as of now," said Vivek Gupta,CMT - Director Research, CapitalVia Global Research Limited.
There is a strong possibility that investors stuck with DLF stock may dump the shares to move on to companies with strong balance sheets and consistent track record in terms of growth.
"Well, it is bit difficult to say how big the correction would be, but we are expecting at least 7%-10% downside in Stock," he added.
Gupta is of the view that on daily charts DLF has a strong support of 120, one can expect deep correction if it break the major support of 120.
It is anticipated that DLF will challenge the Sebi's order in the Securities Appellate Tribunal.
Reacting to the Sebi order, DLF in a press note clarified that its Board wishes to reassure its investors and all other stakeholders that it has not acted in contravention of law either during its initial public offer or otherwise.
"DLF and its board were guided by and acted on the advise of eminent legal advisors, merchant bankers and audit firms while formulating its Offer documents," said the note.
DLF said that it will defend itself to the fullest extent against any adverse findings and measures contained in the Order passed by SEBI.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex pare gains  Nifty tests 7900; BSE Realty index down 6% post DLF banYou are here: Home > Collections
Sensex pare gains, Nifty tests 7900; BSE Realty index down 6%
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 14, 2014, 11.08AM IST
Tags:
BSE
(The whole real estate sector…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex which rallied as much as 166 points in trade on Tuesday, pared most of its gains and was trading in a range, led by losses in Infosys, ITC, TCS and Tata Motors.
At 11:08 am, the Sensex was at 26,275.25; down 108.82 points.
The Nifty was at 7,844.15; down 40.1 points.
The whole real estate sector remained under pressure after the stock market regulator Sebi barred DLF and six of its top executives including chairman K P Singh from accessing stock markets for a period of three years.
DLF plunged as much as 24 per cent on the BSE to hit its 52-week low of Rs 111.25. The stock was trading 17 per cent lower at Rs 120.85 at 09:40 a.m.
The BSE Realty index was the top loser among other sectoral indices on the BSE, down 6 per cent followed by BSE FMCG index and IT index which were trading 0.53 per cent and 0.54 per cent lower.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also pared gains and slipped below its crucial psychological level of 7900.
Reliance Industries rose as much as 2.3 per cent to hit its intraday high of Rs 980, after the oil & gas major reported a 1.7 per cent rise in net profit at Rs 5,972 crore for the three months to September.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index was up 0.29 per cent and BSE S&P Smallcap Index edged higher by 0.42 per cent.
Bajaj Auto (up 2.3 per cent), RIL (up 1.6 per cent), Axis Bank (up 1.4 per cent), Bharti Airtel (up 1.3 per cent) and SBI (up 1.2 per cent) were among the major Sensex gainers.
Hindalco (down 1 per cent), Tata Steel (down 0.73 per cent), Infosys (down 0.60 per cent), Hero MotoCorp (down 0.56 per cent) and ITC (down 0.87 per cent) were the major index losers.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Markets pare early gains; IT shares weighMarkets pare early gains; IT shares weigh
SI Reporter | Mumbai Oct 14, 2014 09:30 AM IST
Markets were trading flat as gains in Reliance Industries failed to offset losses in IT shares and FMCG major ITC.
At 9:30AM, the 30-share Sensex was up 132 points at 26,515 and the 50-share Nifty was up 34 points at 7,918.
The rate of retail inflation in September eased to 6.46 per cent — the lowest since the series was launched in January 2012 — driven mainly by a significant drop in food prices and subdued demand for industrial goods. The rate, as measured by the consumer price index (CPI), had stood at 7.73 per cent in August and 9.84 per cent in September last year.
Foreign investors were net sellers in equities to the tune of Rs 671 crore on Monday.
Asian stocks rebounded after the recent correction with the exception of Japanese shares which dropped to two-month lows on global growth concerns. The benchmark Nikkei was down nearly 1.5%. Hang Seng was trading nearly 1% higher while shares in mainland China were trading with marginal gains with the Shanghai COmposite up 0.3% while Straits Times was trading flat with positive bias.
US markets continued their losing streak on Monday with the S&P 500 closing below its 200-DMA for the first time since Nov 16, 2012. Investors continued to trim positions in riskier assets on worries that weak global demand may hurt earnings of US companies while the spread of Ebola also weighed on market sentiment. The Dow Jones ended down 223 points or 1.4% at 16,321, the S&P 500 closed 31 points or 1.7% at 1,875 and the Nasdaq slumped 63 points or 1.5% to  end at 4,214.
The BSE Realty index wsa the top loser down 6% followed by BSE IT, Capital Goods and Auto indices.BSE Consumer Durables index was the top sectoral gainer up 1% followed by Bankex, Oil and Gas indices among others.
Reliance Industries was up  after it beat analysts’ expectations during the July-September quarter, with its profit increasing 1.7 per cent over the year-ago period. At Rs 5,972 crore, however, its net profit was 1.7 per cent higher than Rs 5,873 crore in the same period last year.
DLF slumped  23% after SEBI barred the real estate major and six of its top executives, including Chairman K P Singh, from accessing the capital market for three years. The Sebi order, after finding the company guilty of “active and deliberate suppression” of material information at the time of its public issue, leaves DLF out in the cold even as others capitalise on the current bull run.
In the broader markets, the BSE Mid-cap index was up 0.2% and Small-cap index was up 0.3%.
Market breadth was positive with 789 advances and 492 declines on the BSE.

IL&FS Engineering zooms 20% on winning road project in BiharIL&FS Engineering zooms 20% on winning road project in Bihar
SI Reporter | Mumbai Oct 14, 2014 09:53 AM IST
IL&FS Engineering and Construction Company is locked in upper circuit of 20% at Rs 65.45 on BSE after the company said it has won a Rs 1,232 crore order from National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) for widening the 127 km Patna-Gaya-Dobhi section of NH 83 in Bihar.
“The company has received a letter of award (LoA) from National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) for a total value of Rs 1,232 crore for four laning of Patna-Gaya-Dobhi Section of NH-83 from km 0.000 to km 127.217 in the state of Bihar to be executed under JICA ODA Loan Assistance. The project completion period is 1095 days from commencement date,” IL&FS Engineering said in a statement.
The widening of the national highway to four lanes is expected to boost tourism in Bihar as it the project falls in the Buddhist circuit, it added.
At 0955 hours, a combined 618,284 shares changed hands and there are pending buy orders for 169,622 shares on NSE and BSE.
 

Sintex Industries extend gains on robust Q2 performanceSintex Industries extend gains on robust Q2 performance
SI Reporter | Mumbai Oct 14, 2014 09:37 AM IST
Sintex Industries extended gains in morning trades with a 4.5% uptick to trade at Rs 90.85. Yesterday, the stock had gained 17%.
The company engaged in plastic and textile business has been on an uptrend post its Q2 earnings announcement after the Company reported a strong 47% year on year growth in consolidated net profit at Rs 107 crore for the second quarter.
The stock opened at Rs 89.60 and surged to a high of Rs 93 with in the first half-an-hour of trade. A combined over 7.9 million shares changed hands on BSE and NSE.
Motilal Oswal is bullish on the stock and has recommended a ‘Buy’ rating with a target price of Rs 115.

UPL gains on hike in Foreign investment limitUPL gains on hike in Foreign investment limit
SI Reporter | Mumbai Oct 14, 2014 10:04 AM IST
United Phosphorus Limited (UPL) has gained around 4.5% on BSE after RBI allowed foeign investors to hold up to 74% in paid up capital in the company under Portfolio Investment Scheme (PIS) as the prescribed limit has gone below threshold.
The decision to enhance the limit for foreign investment came after the board of the company passed special resolution, agreeing to raise the limit for purchase of its equity shares and convertible debentures by Foreign Institutional Investors (FIIs) or Registered Foreign Portfolios Investors (RFPIs).  
FIIs, NRIs and PIOs (Persons of Indian Origins) can invest in primary and secondary capital markets in India through Portfolio Investment Scheme (PIS).
The stocks opened at Rs 348 and hit a high Rs 352 on BSE while around 940,000 shares changed hands on BSE and NSE combined so far.

Chief Executive OfficerThe Wessex Cancer Trust is a major regional charity
“Helping People and Families Living with Cancer”
Background The Trust was formed in 1981 and over the years has raised in excess of £23million.  All funds are distributed locally and mainly within Dorset, Wiltshire, Hampshire, the Channel Islands and the Isle of Wight.
The Trust is directed by a Board of Voluntary Trustees with a mix of skills from Business and the Professions.
The day to day running of the Trust is in the hands of a Chief Executive and 40 full and part-time employees based locally across the region.
The Trust is also supported by over 100 regular volunteers, both individual and in groups again across the region.
The retail arm of the Trust is a wholly owned subsidiary WCT Wessex Ltd currently comprising 2 shops with 3 in the pipeline and plans for a further 4.
The charity is committed to raising funds to complement and initiate improvement of cancer care services by supporting patients, families and carers; providing education and information for patients, families and professionals; promoting cancer prevention; funding early detection and research.  It currently has 5 Support Centres with plans to open a further 6.
For 2014 we expect income to exceed £1.25M.
Requirements
The chosen candidate will have:
Essential
Business experience at least as Divisional / Departmental Manager
Demonstrable and consistent track record of developing emerging business
Charismatic and experienced at public facing
Strong communication and inter personal skills at all levels including the Board
Strong business planning and organizational skills. 
The ability to work to Board / management deadlines and be self motivated
Proven ability to manage with a hands-on, proactive approach to all facets of senior management.
Strategic and business planning experience.
Good understanding of the benefits of Marketing, PR and interaction with social media.
Integrity, commitment and an ability to think creatively
Willingness to travel across the Wessex region (Hampshire, Dorset, Wiltshire, the Isle of Wight and Channel Islands)
Current driving licence
Facilities to work occasionally from home
Computer literate

Most DISGUSTING photos of Bollywood stars!Photo uploaded by Shailendra Dhodi
on Jul 17, 2014 , 05:11 pm
125365 Views  |  20  Comments  |  
Jeez! Naked does not mean sexy! Image courtesy: Procured via Google Images
Jeez! Naked does not mean sexy! Image courtesy: Procured via Google Images

Bigg Boss: Deepshikha Nagpal s raunchy photosPhoto uploaded by Kanav Mehra
on Oct 12, 2014 , 10:25 pm
6639 Views  |  11  Comments  |  
Report Abuse
Possibly one of the strongest contenders on Bigg Boss 8, Deepshikha Nagpal is the second housemate who has got evicted from the reality show.    Image Courtesy: Procured via Google Search
Possibly one of the strongest contenders on Bigg Boss 8, Deepshikha Nagpal is the second housemate who has got evicted from the reality show.    Image Courtesy: Procured via Google Search

Richa Chadda s HOTTEST photos on the net!Photo uploaded by Kripa Parekh
on Jun 13, 2013 , 09:49 am
13608 Views  |  8  Comments  |  
Report Abuse
Richa Chadda is a hot Indian Bollywood actress who made her debut with the critically acclaimed performance in Oye Lucky Lucky Oye.
Richa Chadda is a hot Indian Bollywood actress who made her debut with the critically acclaimed performance in Oye Lucky Lucky Oye.

Superfood: 10 reasons to eat more tomatoes10 Best Reasons to Eat More Tomatoes
Recommended Read:
Share 0
Every woman seeks a magical potion that will make her look beautiful, bless her with lustrous hair and add to her health quotient. Well, most of you do not know that tomatoes are a treasure house of ... more 
Every woman seeks a magical potion that will make her look beautiful, bless her with lustrous hair and add to her health quotient. Well, most of you do not know that tomatoes are a treasure house of benefits, which can be a natural magical potion for your body and health. This fruit that acts like a vegetable can be added to any dish to enhance its flavour. So, if you are wondering what makes tomatoes so special and why you should add them to your grocery list then read on to find out the answers. less 
1 / 11

Amitabh Bachchan s birthday celebrationsCelebrity
Amitabh Bachchan Celebrates His Birthday With The Media
Amitabh Bachchan celebrated his birthday this Saturday. He turned 72 years old. We bring you the evergreen actors' photos.
You might also like:

Real estate prices slump in Delhi  NCRTerms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

Tharoor sacked as Cong spokesman days after Modi praiseEYE BROWSE
Tharoor sacked as Cong spokesman days after Modi praise
Earlier the Kerala Pradesh Congress Committee had expressed its displeasure over Shashi Tharoor's support to Modi's Swachh Bharat mission.
Yahoo India –  Mon 13 Oct, 2014
Print
TRAIVANDRUM: Congress MP Shashi Tharoor was on Monday sacked as the spokesperson of the party days after the leader praised Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Swachh Bharat (Clean India) mission.
"Congress President Sonia Gandhi has accepted recommendation of AICC (All India Congress Committee) disciplinary committee to remove Shashi Tharoor from the list of spokespersons of the AICC with immediate effect," the party said.
The leader reacted immediately after his sacking.
He was quoted by NDTV as saying, "As a loyal worker of the Congress, I accept the decision of the party president to relieve me of my responsibility as a Spokesman."
Praising Modi's initiative, Tharoor had earlier agreed to be a brand ambassador for the campaign.
Earlier, the Kerala Pradesh Congress Committee (KPCC) had expressed its displeasure over the Tharoor's support to Modi's Swachh Bharat mission.
The KPCC president V M Sudheeran said that Tharoor's statements hurt the sentiments of party workers in the state.
"When he was nominated as a candidate, the KPCC whole heartedly welcomed it, and we worked very hard for him. It is because of the hard work of Congress workers and the Congress supporting mass that he has won by a big margin. He is not supposed to make such statements which hurt the sentiments, he should abide by the sentiment of the workers," Sudheeran said.
"Kerala is the only state which rejected the BJP and Shashi Tharoor fought BJP in a neck to neck fight. He was able to win because of the hard work of the party members. He has to realize that he is representing Indian National Congress," he added.
Sudheeran also informed that the KPCC has also sent a report to the Congress high command in this matter, but refused to divulge the contents of the report citing it as an internal matter of the party.
Modi had invited nine persons, including Tharoor, to join the Swachh Bharat campaign, which was launched on October 2.
Tharoor had responded positively to the Prime Minister's invitation to join the campaign and had said that he was honoured to accept the invitation to join the 'Clean India campaign'.
A Lok Sabha member from Thiruvananthapuram constituency, Tharoor was a union minister in the erstwhile Congress-led United Progressive Alliance government. (With inputs from agencies)
Recommend

Spotted: Shilpa s son  Dutt twins at birthday bashCelebrity
Celebrity kids at Bhushan's son, Ruhaan's birthday party
Bhushan Kumar and his wife Divya Khosla Kumar had a very special birthday party for their son, Ruhaan and celebrity kids made their presence felt at the big bash.
Divya Khosla Kumar with her son, Ruhaan at the party.
1 / 14
Yahoo India Movies | Photo by Yogen Shah
Mon 13 Oct, 2014 12:30 PM IST

8 places to heal a broken heartBigg Boss 8
8 places to heal a broken heart
A holiday to an unknown destination can be a reprieve from the horrors of a breakup. Possibly the last place a newly single traveller would want to go is a honeymoon-hotspot like Mexico or popular romantic cities like Paris and Venice. These holidays feature activities to de-stress, get in shape, pamper yourself or simply distract you for a while.
8 places to heal a broken heart A holiday to an unknown destination can be a reprieve from the horrors of a breakup. Possibly the last place a newly single traveller would want to go is a ... more 
8 places to heal a broken heart A holiday to an unknown destination can be a reprieve from the horrors of a breakup. Possibly the last place a newly single traveller would want to go is a honeymoon-hotspot like Mexico or popular romantic cities like Paris and Venice. These holidays feature activities to de-stress, get in shape, pamper yourself or simply distract you for a while. less 
1 / 9

Top Ranbaxy executives resign in USTop Ranbaxy executives resign in US
Sushmi Dey | New Delhi Oct 14, 2014 12:50 AM IST
Ranbaxy’s US office is faced with an exodus. At least five top executives including country head Venkatachalam Krishnan and heads of various key departments such as finance, legal, and sales and distribution resigned together last week, two persons in the know of the development said. This is the first time that Ranbaxy Inc, the American subsidiary, is witnessing such large-scale attrition. The development comes months after the company was acquired by rival drug maker Sun Pharmaceuticals Industries in April this year.
Both Ranbaxy Laboratories and Sun Pharma declined to comment.
The latest exodus also assumes significance because the US is the largest market for the company, contributing almost 45 per cent to its consolidated global revenue annually. Besides, Ohm Laboratories, Ranbaxy’s manufacturing plant in the US, is considered the most stable factory since it has not faced enforcements so far and it is the only one supplying to the American market at present.
“The core team of Ranbaxy in the US, which was running the show so far, resigned in one go last week. This has created a lot of anxiety among other employees and internally everyone is in an exit mode. More heads might roll very soon,” a company executive, who did not wish to be identified, told Business Standard.
According to another source, Venkatachalam had joined Ranbaxy as a management trainee and spent over 20 years serving in various regions including in India. He is seen by insiders as a key executive, who played an important role in turning around Ranbaxy’s US business’ even after the company’s India plants continued to face enforcements and bans by the US Food and Drug Administration (US FDA). Venkatachalam’s name also appears in the consent decree filed by the US department of justice in 2012 to address outstanding good manufacturing practice and data integrity issues at various facilities.
The other executives who resigned last week include Ranbaxy Inc’s vice-president for finance Gaurav Mehrotra, vice-president and head (legal) Lavesh Samtani, and the company’s national head for sales, sources said. According to a company executive, most of these officials were veterans in Ranbaxy having spent five to 10 years in the company.
“The development could be highly demotivating for other employees as it will create discomfort and a sense of uncertainty because no one knows what will be the outcome,” said a senior executive with another domestic pharma company.
Industry officials said such exits at the top management level could lead to serious consequences because employees working under them would now be uncertain about their future, role in the company and aspirations. Besides, as the company gets merged with Sun Pharma, there will be new people taking over and significant restructuring is expected. “This is a very difficult situation for those working in the company. Even if one is retained, Ranbaxy and Sun Pharma have very different cultures. In such a scenario, people would always like to look for better opportunity and leave with a good deal. Why would anyone wait for uncertainty to prevail,” asked another industry executive.
Over the past year, other markets of Ranbaxy, including India, have witnessed huge attrition. Many top executives from its India team, including global quality head Dale Adkinson and global human resources head Sandeep Girotra, quit recently. There are also unconfirmed reports of other key executives such as Rajiv Gulati, president (global pharmaceutical business), being in the process of leaving.
Sun Pharma, which bought Ranbaxy in a $4 billion deal, is still waiting for regulatory approvals, mainly from the Competition Commission of India (CCI) as there are concerns raised that the deal may impact competition and promote monopoly in various product segments. While announcing the deal, Sun Pharma had indicated it expects to close the transaction by December.
On Monday, shares of Ranbaxy Laboratories closed at Rs 598.25 on the Bombay Stock Exchange, down 1.7 per cent. Sun Pharmaceutical Industries closed at Rs 803.55, down 1.86 per cent from their previous close.
CIRCUMSTANTIAL CHANGES?
At least five top executives have quit the firm
 
Country head Venkatachalam Krishnan and heads of various key departments such as finance, legal, and sales & distribution resigned together last week
 
The development comes months after the company was acquired by rival drug maker Sun Pharma in April
 
US is the largest market for the company, contributing almost 45 per cent to its consolidated global revenue annually

RBI asks banks to comply with address proof normsRBI asks banks to comply with address proof norms
BS Reporter | Mumbai Oct 14, 2014 12:46 AM IST
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Monday said banks should ensure that customers are not unnecessarily asked to submit additional proofs of addresses for current addresses, in cases where proofs of addresses for permanent addresses are already available.
In June 2014, RBI had said customers will need to submit only one documentary proof of address (either permanent or current), while opening a bank account or while undergoing periodic updation. Earlier, customers also had to submit a local address proof to the bank.
Despite this instruction, RBI said some banks are still insisting on submission of a proof of address for the current address even when a customer produces a proof of permanent address. This, said RBI, prevents many prospective customers, especially migrant workers, from opening bank accounts.
 
Too many knocks on the door?
RBI had said customers will need to submit only one documentary proof of address, while opening a bank account n  Earlier, customers also had to submit a local address proof to the bank
RBI says stringent address proof demand prevents many prospective customers, especially migrant workers, from opening bank accounts
RBI has asked banks to confirm latest by Friday that the instruction has been communicated to all their branches and the same have been meticulously complied with.

CarTrade raises Rs.185 cr from Warburg Pincus  othersUpdated: October 14, 2014 00:04 IST
CarTrade raises Rs.185 cr from Warburg Pincus, others
Special Correspondent
business (general)
Online automobile classified platform CarTrade has raised Rs.185 crore from an affiliate of Warburg Pincus, a leading global private equity firm, and CarTrade’s existing investors, Canaan Partners and Tiger Global.
A statement from CarTrade said the infusion of capital will be used to diversify and strengthen CarTrade’s offerings for consumers and dealers.
“We are extremely happy to have Warburg Pincus on board as a partner,” CarTrade Founder and CEO Vinay Sanghi said in the statement, adding, “the funds raised shall be employed to further expand our services to help us offer our consumers and dealers a seamless online experience. We also plan to focus significantly on the mobile space and provide products and services, which will be best in class and in many cases the first of its kind.”
CarTrade is among the country’s largest auto classified platforms. For used-car buyers, it offers a selection of over one lakh listings, price information and car certification, and for new car buyers, there are features such as reviews, on-road prices, car comparisons and latest news.
“CarTrade is one of the most innovative platforms in the online auto sector, and has shown strong growth momentum in the last couple of years,” Nitin Nayar, Managing Director, Warburg Pincus India, said in the statement, adding, “Warburg Pincus is excited about the opportunity to partner with a talented team to further build on its position and to accelerate its growth plans.”

DLF barred from accessing capital market for 3 yearsDLF barred from accessing capital market for 3 years
BS Reporter | Mumbai Oct 14, 2014 12:59 AM IST
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) has barred real estate major DLF and six of its top executives, including Chairman K P Singh, from accessing the capital market for three years. The Sebi order, after finding the company guilty of “active and deliberate suppression” of material information at the time of its public issue, leaves DLF out in the cold even as others capitalise on the current bull run.
Besides Singh, son Rajiv (vice-chairman) and daughter Pia (a whole-time director) were also barred. The others prohibited from buying and selling shares, or dealing with securities in any way, were DLF Managing Director T C Goyal, former executive director (legal) Kameshwar Swarup and former MD Ramesh Sanka.
DLF had raised Rs 9,187 crore through an initial public offering (IPO) in 2007.
“...the case of active and deliberate suppression of material information to mislead and defraud securities market investors in connection with the issue of shares of DLF in its IPO is clearly made out in this case,” said the Sebi order, dated October 10.
The real estate company later issued a statement to say it and its legal advisors were reviewing the Sebi order.
"DLF wishes to reassure its investors and all stakeholders that it has not acted in contravention of law, either during its IPO or otherwise. DLF and its board were guided by and acted on the advise of eminent legal advisors, merchant bankers and audit firms while formulating the offer documents. DLF will defend itself fully against any adverse findings and measures contained in the order passed by Sebi. DLF has full faith in the judicial process and is confident of vindication of its stand in the near future,” the company said.
ALSO READ:  Who is Kimsuk Krishna Sinha?
The case pertains to two complaints by one Kimsuk Krishna Sinha in June 2007. Sinha had alleged that Sudipti Estates, a DLF subsidiary, was involved in a land deal that resulted in him being duped of around Rs 34 crore.
Over this issue, Sinha had moved court, which in April 2010 passed an order asking Sebi to look into the matter. DLF and Sudipti in July 2010 obtained a stay, which was subsequently revoked in July the next year.
The Sebi investigation into the matter, initiated in October 2011, found that Sudipti was earlier owned through three direct subsidiaries of DLF. Its shares were then sold to the wives of three key DLF management personnel, and the company was thus dissociated from DLF. However, the dissociation, according to the Sebi order, was a 'sham'.
Apart from Sudipti, DLF's dissociation with two other entities - Shalika Estate Developers and Felicite Builders & Construction - was also found to be a sham. Sebi said DLF had failed to make disclosures about these three companies and related party-transactions with them. According to the capital market regulator, the case filed in the matter was material information that should have been disclosed to investors at the time of DLF's IPO.
The company's directors and chief financial officer were found to have failed to ensure disclosures were fair and correct. “…all the information which were not disclosed as found hereinabove, were material information. I, therefore, find that by not disclosing material information in the prospectus and actively concealing those from prospective investors, DLF misled them...”, Sebi whole-time member Rajeev Agarwal said in the order. On Monday, the company's shares underperformed both the benchmark index and the sectoral real estate index on BSE. The stock declined 3.7 per cent from its previous close to end at Rs 146.7, compared with an 0.33 per cent gain for the Sensex and a 1.79 per cent decline for BSE Realty.
ISSUES THAT DLF HAS BEEN FACING
Abuse of position: In May , COMPAT upheld a Rs 630-cr penalty imposed on DLF by CCI (over Gurgaon’s Belaire project)
 
Little SC relief: Approached the SC against the penalty but was directed to deposit the amount, pending a final decision
 
Unfair trade practices: Under CCI lens for unfair trade practices at its New Town Heights project in Gurgaon
 
Debt: DLF’s debt stood at Rs 19,000 crore as at the end of June. It is now focusing only on real estate, and selling non-core assets to reduce the burden. It has sold its luxury hotel chain Aman Resorts (except in Delhi), a big land parcel in Mumbai, wind energy business and other small plots across India
 
Sales slowdown: Has seen low sales in its real estate business due to an economic slump and other factors
INADEQUATE DISCLOSURES
Jun 2007: Sebi receives complaint of non-disclosure of material information by DLF in its red-herring prospectus
 
Oct 2011: Sebi orders a detailed probe into DLF’s affairs
 
Nov 2012: The Delhi High Court upholds Sebi’s jurisdiction in the matter and asks for a detailed probe
 
May 2013: Sebi’s probe report put up for approval
 
Jun 2013: Sebi serves a showcause notice on DLF
 
Oct 2014: Sebi bars DLF and six of its top executives from the capital market for 3 years

Led by core business  Reliance profit jumps 1.7% in Sep quarterLed by core business, Reliance profit jumps 1.7% in Sep quarter
BS Reporters | New Delhi Oct 14, 2014 12:57 AM IST
Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL) beat analysts’ expectations during the July-September quarter, with its profit increasing 1.7 per cent over the year-ago period. Even as lower exports, a decline in crude oil prices and reduced refining and oil & gas volumes had a bearing on the company’s earnings during the quarter, higher profitability in the core refining & petrochemicals business helped. Good sales in the organised retail space also boosted the numbers for RIL.
On a consolidated basis, Reliance Industries’ turnover in the period stood at Rs 1,13,396 crore, a drop of 4.3 per cent from Rs 1,18,439 crore a year ago. At Rs 5,972 crore, however, its net profit was 1.7 per cent higher than Rs 5,873 crore in the same period last year. The value of its exports from India stood at Rs 66,065 crore, 14.7 per cent lower than Rs 77,428 crore in July-September 2013.
Given the group’s size, the business of Network18 Media and subsidiary TV18 Broadcast, which Reliance acquired in July this year, is not significant. But the media firm’s consolidation from this quarter also affected the year-on-year comparisons for RIL. For the July-September period, Network18 Media posted a consolidated net loss of Rs 0.4 crore on a turnover of Rs 744.8 crore.
ALSO READ:  RIL: Performance of refining segment offsets decline in oil & gas
Reliance Industries Chairman & Managing Director Mukesh Ambani said: “RIL’s financial performance for the period stands testimony to the intrinsic strength of our integrated business operations. The refining and petrochemical businesses again delivered robust results, outperforming regional industry benchmarks.”
Ambani added: “Renewed optimism in the domestic economy augurs well for business and consumer confidence, particularly against the backdrop of continuing concerns on global economic growth. We expect to create significant value for stakeholders over the next 12-18 months, as we complete our large investment programme across energy and consumer businesses.”
Analysts had expected RIL’s gross refining margins (GRM) — earnings from turning every barrel of crude oil into fuel — to decline, in line with benchmarks, driven by lower middle distillate cracks. But the company posted a GRM of $8.3 a barrel, against $7.7 a year ago.
“RIL’s premium over regional benchmark widened to $3.5 a barrel, compared with $2.5 a barrel in the corresponding period last year, primarily aided by wider crude oil differentials and sourcing advantage,” RIL said in its earnings statement.
Reliance operates the world's largest single-location refinery complex at Gujarat's Jamnagar. The two refineries have a combined crude oil processing capacity of 1.36 million barrels a day. Given a better configuration of the refineries, RIL’s GRM is usually $2-3 a barrel higher than the Singapore benchmark.
The benchmark Singapore GRM has dropped $1 a barrel to a 16-quarter low of $4.8 due to a seasonal weakness and lower global demand for products like petrol and diesel.
During the quarter, Brent crude oil declined 7.3 per cent from a year ago. The rupee, on the other hand, became 1.3 per cent weaker on a sequential basis, and appreciated 2.3 per cent annually.
Because of a decline in crude oil prices and processing, Reliance's revenue from the refining & petrochemical segment fell 5.9 per cent to Rs 1,03,590 crore. However, despite lower crude oil throughput, Reliance's segment Ebit (earnings before interest and tax) for the quarter rose 18.5 per cent to Rs 3,844 crore, led by a higher GRM.
With a higher contribution from the refinery & petrochemicals business, RIL's operating profit before other income and depreciation increased 10.8 per cent on a year-on-year basis (from Rs 8,865 crore to Rs 9,818 crore).
Its 'other income' reduced to Rs 2,009 crore from last year's Rs 2,346 crore, primarily on account of lower investible surplus. The net addition to fixed assets during the first six months of 2014-15 stood at Rs 44,895 crore.
Depreciation (including depletion and amortisation) stood at Rs 3,024 crore, 8.2 per cent higher than Rs 2,796 crore last year. Interest cost, at Rs 997 crore, increased a little from Rs 959 crore in the year-ago period.
Rahul Shah, vice-president (equity advisory group), Motilal Oswal Securities Ltd, said: "RIL's quarterly result, though higher than the Street projections, was broadly in line with our expectations. An increase in GRM is a positive and has surprised analysts."
RIL's oil & gas exploration business saw a decline. Its KG-D6 block produced 0.5 million barrels of crude oil, 0.1 million barrels of condensate and 40.6 billion cubic feet of natural gas, during the quarter. A fall in production was mainly due to natural decline in the fields, partly offset by incremental production from the new well MA08 and side track in well MA6H during the previous year, the company said.
The Panna-Mukta fields produced 1.8 million barrels of crude oil and 16.5 bcf of natural gas.
Investment advisor, S P Tulsiyan, said: "RIL's result is very good. Both refining and petrochemicals have surprised. GRM, too, has been much better than expected. These levels should be sustained. There may not be any earnings revision, but I believe the stock would rise to Rs 988 in Tuesday's trade."
Despite lower pricing and higher gas differentials, RIL's shale gas business registered strong revenue growth. The production of its joint venture with Marcellus remained below potential due to frac operations in offset wells and midstream maintenance activities, as well as forced shut-ins, at times to prevent lower realisation. Segment Ebit was down 17.3 per cent in a year-on-year basis to Rs 488 crore.
Reliance, which is planning to sell its 45 per cent stake in the Eagle Ford Shale acreage, said continued strong performance of the Eagle Ford JV provided strong base for performance in the current quarter.
Overall capital expenditure during the quarter stood at $321 million, while the cumulative investment across all JVs was $7.7 billion. A substantial part of capex for the Pioneer and Carrizo JVs was met through cash from the respective operations.
RIL Chief Financial Officer Alok Agarwal said: “The assets where the company is not the operator and has seen value appreciating are under review.”
Revenue from the petrochemicals segment declined 1.8 per cent to Rs 26,651 crore. Segment Ebit for the quarter, at Rs 2,361 crore, was down 0.8 per cent in a year-on-year basis. However, on a sequential basis Ebit increased 26.7 per cent, led by a strong rebound in polymers, fibre intermediates and aromatics margins.
The company's retail business recorded the highest revenue and PBIDT (profit before interest, depreciation and tax) in any quarter. Revenue for Reliance Retail grew 20 per cent on a year-on-year basis to Rs 4,167 crore. The business recorded a PBIDT of Rs 186 crore, an annual increase of 96 per cent.
On Monday, the shares of Reliance Industries fell 0.3 per cent from their previous close to end at Rs 957.90 apiece on BSE. The stock has gained seven per cent this year, compared with a 25 per cent increase in benchmark Sensex.

Big firms vie for health insurance pieBig firms vie for health insurance pie
M Saraswathy | Mumbai Oct 14, 2014 12:48 AM IST
In 2006, there was only one stand-alone health insurance company in India. Now, there are five full-fledged ones. What attracts insurers to this segment are rising health costs, low penetration of health insurance, and focus on universal health care, among others.
Recently, Reliance Capital in its annual general meeting (AGM) had said it was looking into setting up a separate health insurance business, which is at present a part of the other product segments under Reliance General Insurance. Reliance Capital Chairman Anil Ambani said the company was open to partnering with global companies in the health care business. Ambani also said the company would lay greater emphasis on the health insurance business.
Similarly, Aditya Birla Financial Services is finalising its plans to enter this space through partnerships. An Aditya Birla Financial Services Group spokesperson said its ambition was to meet all the financial needs of its customers.
“With the way health costs are rising and given the current low penetration, we see significant opportunity and a strategic fit in the area of health insurance and have been examining this space for some time. We are engaged in discussions to finalise our plans in this space,” the spokesperson added.
Health insurance premia have stood at Rs 5,283 crore for the April-June period in 2014, a 14.2 per cent uptick in premium collections on the back of the increase in group health business. General insurers collected health premia worth Rs 17,624 crore in FY14 against Rs 15,530 crore in FY13.
According to V Jagannathan, chairman and managing director of Star Health and Allied Insurance, the penetration in health insurance is so low that the new players can never be a threat to the existing ones. “The entry of new players will spread the awareness of insurance to the public more and this will in turn facilitate better sales by all the players.”
Rashtriya Swasthya Bima Yojana (RSBY), a government-sponsored health insurance scheme, has also been a factor that has attracted newer players to this business. Several general insurers operate in this space, so do stand-alone health insurers. The objective of RSBY is to provide protection to below-poverty line households from financial liabilities arising of health shocks. RSBY beneficiaries are entitled to a hospitalisation coverage of up to Rs 30,000.
Naveen Kukreja, group chief marketing officer and director of non-insurance business at PolicyBazaar, said health insurance was an under-penetrated industry in the country, with less than 15 per cent of the population under any kind of health cover.
“The entry of new players in the health insurance space would intensify competition. This, in turn, would lead to cheaper products, improved claim servicing and overall better customer experience,” said Kukreja.
According to sectoral players, since health care inflation is rising at a higher pace than inflation, out-of-pocket expenses have also risen. Hence, more individuals from metros and smaller cities are opting to take a separate health cover, over and above their group covers offered by employers. This means, a greater business opportunity for newer players.
Even international players are interested in this market. A global reinsurer is engaged in discussions with an Indian corporate major to have a stand-alone health business in India.
At present, Star Health and Allied Insurance, Max Bupa Health Insurance, Religare Health Insurance, Apollo Munich Health Insurance, and CignaTTK Health Insurance operate in the stand-alone health insurance space.

Diversify the economy  boost biodiversityDiversify the economy  boost biodiversity
India s crude cost drops below $90India s crude cost drops below $90
IT services firms look at playing VCs to start-upsIT services firms look at playing VCs to start-ups
Itika Sharma Punit | Bangalore Oct 14, 2014 12:49 AM IST
Last month, a team from Wipro, India’s third-largest information technology (IT) services company, visited the Microsoft Ventures office here to assess software product start-ups.
While visits by IT services majors are frequent at Microsoft Ventures and several other start-up incubators, it was different this time. In a departure from the usual ‘finding an acquisition target’ or ‘forging a joint go-to-market’, the Wipro officials were scouting for start-ups in which their company could make strategic investments and create separate revenue streams, independent of its core services business.
Sources say Wipro isn’t the only IT services company eying a model of acquiring a minority stake in a software product start-up, keeping it at arm’s length from its core business and, possibly, playing the role of a venture capitalist. Mindtree is also among those trying to explore this model.
While Ravi Narayan, director of Microsoft Ventures, didn’t confirm the meeting with Wipro officials, he agreed an ‘arm’s length’ approach would be the way Indian IT services majors would engage with software product start-ups. This, he added, was because IT services companies had understood they were on a “treadmill” of posting revenue growth, which wasn’t in line with innovation.
“The fundamental nature of these services companies is they haven’t been able to get past this whole services DNA. As much as they try, it becomes all about adding another couple of billion dollars to the top line every year,” he said. “So, they could look at picking up minority stake in a start-up, using their solutions and going to clients. This way, they have the solution, but on an arm’s-length basis. This helps them create new revenue streams for their services sector model.”
Wipro refused to comment for this story, as it was in its ‘silent period’, ahead of the announcement of its earnings for the quarter ended September.
This venture-capital model is in line with those of global technology companies. It is only in recent months that Indian IT services majors — Infosys and Wipro — announced setting aside $100 million each towards investment in start-ups. The way these funds will be utilised hasn’t been decided yet.
“This is certainly a trend that has picked up in recent days. Last year, when we were looking to raise funds for expansion, a few technology companies had approached us. Now, we are approached every day,” said Nishant Singh, chief executive of Noida-based CRMnext. “This is what I call ‘lazy innovation’. A company with a size exceeding $1 billion finds it really hard to innovate. Also, as these large companies are sitting on huge funds, they can easily keep some money aside, plant it into 20 different planters and wait for it to grow.”
CRMnext, a cloud-based customer relationship management solution company, works with several IT services companies such as Tata Consultancy Services, Wipro, Tech Mahindra and Polaris Financial Technology.
Somakumar Kolathur, co-founder and chief executive of city-based design and innovation start-up Moonraft Innovation Labs, believes the trend is catching up fast. “I have seen such activity and I think it is a good model. Creating a product internally isn’t easy in a services company. You might miss a lot of things happening in the market. So, it makes sense for IT services companies to invest in an area, or a product company that is complementary. Initially, they can have a joint go-to-market and, if the company grows, they get additional valuation. I am seeing quite a lot of interest from IT services companies.”

Fiat Chrysler s Wall Street debut draws muted responseFiat Chrysler s Wall Street debut draws muted response
PM Modi seeks to revive zombie factoriesPM Modi seeks to revive zombie factories
Brick-and-mortar malls vie for online presenceBrick-and-mortar malls vie for online presence
Sebi ban to weigh heavy on DLF s balance sheetSebi ban to weigh heavy on DLF s balance sheet
The Chinese love capitalismThe Chinese like capitalism more than Americans
By Heather Long   @byHeatherLong October 14, 2014: 10:21 AM ET
Atlas holds up the world in a statue in front of Rockefeller Center in New York City.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
The United States may be the poster child for capitalism, but people living in China, India and Vietnam are bigger believers in the free market than Americans.
Pew Research surveyed people living in 44 different countries this spring. They asked a simple question: Do you agree with the following statement: "Most people are better off in a free market economy, even though some people are rich and some are poor."
Worldwide, two-thirds of those surveyed agreed, giving capitalism a thumbs up.
But the results get more interesting at the country level. In the U.S., 70% agreed that the free market is the way to go. Compare that to China (76% agree), India (72%) and South Korea (78%).
Vietnam dwarfed everyone though, with a whopping 95% in favor of capitalism.
The results are somewhat surprising for China given that the communist government has presided over a decade of incredible economic growth of over 7% a year.
"We've seen widespread support [in China] for the free market since 2002 when we began asking this question there," says Katie Simmons, a senior researcher at Pew. "They've consistently been one of the highest countries."
Simmons notes that China has enacted numerous reforms to open up the country's economy since the 1970s.
This latest Pew " global attitudes " survey shows that developing nations overall are more optimistic about the economy and the future than people living in developed countries. Parts of Europe are growing especially pessimistic.
Related: What does it take to get ahead around the world?
About half the population in both Spain and Greece no longer think the free market is the ideal. In fact, Spain, which still has an unemployment rate close to 25%, saw the largest drop in support for capitalism since 2007. The financial crisis and sluggish recovery have chipped away at support for capitalism.
The results for both China and the U.S. stayed almost exactly the same as the 2007 survey.
But the biggest doubters of capitalism among the 44 countries Pew polled can be found in Argentina. Only a third of those surveyed agreed with the statement that the free market system is best.
Argentina has struggled with price spikes for basic goods and several defaults on the nation's bond payments.
First Published: October 13, 2014: 1:37 PM ET
Most Popular

For Mary Kom  toys come before toying with rivalsprint
It was toys first for ‘Super Mom’ MC Mary Kom before she toyed with her opponent in the Asian Games final at Incheon. On the eve of her gold medal bout against Kazakhstan’s Zhaina Shekerbekova, the gloves were off, as she was busy playing the doting mother. Her seven-year-old twin sons, Khupneivar and Rechungvar, had demanded a toy turtle and a Spiderman costume.
“I was in touch with them on phone every day, and they told me what they wanted. I didn’t want to forget it and managed to buy everything they wanted before the final, especially the toy turtles,” a beaming Mary told HT at a felicitation function for the Asiad medallists organised by Samsung. She was chosen the Most Valuable Player of the India contingent. She made a triumphant comeback after last year’s birth of her third son, Prince Chungthanglen Kom, who was also glued to the TV as his mother delivered her winning punches.

U.S. Stocks Drop AgainU.S. Stocks Drop Again
3 Jet pilots found holding expired line chec...Air India
(An internal check by Jet…)
NEW DELHI: Jet Airways' troubles with documentation of pilot records and licences doesn't seem to be ending. The airline has now found that some pilots have been flying without valid annual line check certificates.
An internal check by Jet Airways has discovered that three pilots' certificates had expired, prompting airline officials to raise the alarm. "This is not just a safety issue and the fear is that there may be many more such pilots flying with the airline," said a Jet Airways executive with knowledge of the matter.
Line check certification is a process by which a pilot's flying is monitored by a trainer sitting in the cockpit through a flight to ensure that all defined norms are followed in letter and spirit. During the flight, pilots are expected to use their best judgment, even under unusual circumstances, and have to convince the trainer of their abilities. A mistake by the pilot would warrant further training.
Failure to renew line check certificates of pilots could attract punishment as stringent as grounding of the airline, which experts say could be held responsible for the lapse. An e-mail sent to Jet Airways last Friday and a reminder sent on Monday did not elicit any response at the time of going to print. Jet Airways, controlled by founder and Chairman Naresh Goyal , has about 1,100 pilots. Abu Dhabi-based Etihad Airways owns a 24% stake in Jet.
"This is an airline's fault much more than the pilots'. In such cases, the airline could be grounded, according to the rules," said Mohan Ranganathan, a former member of the Directorate General of Civil Aviation's safety committee.
Of the three pilots with expired annual line check certificates, two had done their line check flights with pilots who were not trainers. The validity of the third pilot's certificate had been wrongly entered, violating line check norms.
"It cannot be termed a mistake if such problems are recurring. It is a lapse on the part of the operational management team of the airline. All the details of training and check of pilots are computerised and it is highly unlikely that someone can miss it. So, either it was fed into the computers incorrectly or it was overlooked," said Shakti Lumba, a former vice-president with Air India and IndiGo.
During a recent training audit on Jet Airways, the DGCA found 131 pilots flying with lapsed proficiency check certificates, which are to be renewed twice a year. The audit was ordered after a Jet Airways Boeing 777-300 ER (Extended Range) operating between Mumbai and Brussels plunged 5,000 feet from an altitude of 34,000 feet.
The audit report had said the airline faces a severe shortage of trainers across its ATR and Boeing fleets.
FEATURED ARTICLES

HPs decision to split is not going to affec...Ashok Leyland
MUMBAI: Hewlett Packard's biggest enterprise customers in India's over $30-billion IT market have backed the company's plan to break itself into two separate companies, saying the move will not affect their ongoing projects.
CIOs at some of the top Indian enterprises, including Hero Motors, Ashok Leyland and Asian Paints, said the decision did not come as a surprise. "The move was long pending," said Venkatesh Natrajan, vice-president-IT at Ashok Leyland.
Indeed, once the technology titan of Silicon Valley , HP lost much of its sheen as the industry shifted to a new era of cloud and mobility. Sluggish in evolving with the market, it fell behind fleet-footed rivals like Lenovo, Amazon, IBM and Apple. Harish Lade, general manager-systems at Asian Paints, said the demerger was quite inevitable given the nature of the products/services involved. "Even the decision makers within HP were quite separate for the printer/laptops as against the data centre equipment and services," he added.
Yateen Chodnekar, group CIO at Writer Corporation, observed that the de-merger could have happened five years ago.
"Today, Lenovo has captured a large share of the global market. HP could have prevented this if it had split earlier," he said.
Vijay Sethi, vice-president-information systems & CIO at Hero Moto Corp, is convinced that the move will help HP sharpen its focus on enterprise business. "It's a step towards becoming more agile and innovative in areas like SMAC (social, mobile, analytics, cloud) and IoT," he said.
According to Gartner, the Indian IT infrastructure market is expected to grow by 4% in 2014 to touch $1.9 billion. The IT services market in India is expected to reach $7.88 billion. Industry analysts also feel it is a step in the right direction. Jaideep Mehta, vice-president and general manager-South Asia at IDC, said the demerger will lead to more focused and disciplined investments in the hived off entities. It's a win-win for both the company and its customers.
"The new companies will have a new energy and will seek to re-establish their presence in the marketplace quickly; an essential ingredient of this process is competitive pricing, support and services," he said. Manish Bahl, vice-president & country manager at Forrester Research, is cautiously optimistic of the split. He agreed that HP's demerger is a smart move. Nevertheless, a lot will depend on how aggressively the company strengthens its portfolio and go-tomarket strategy. "The pace at which technology innovation and digitally empowered end-customer expectations are rising, it's becoming difficult for tech vendors to track and respond to them. HP has to move much faster than the competition to gain the edge," cautioned Bahl.
HP's long standing customers are upbeat about the split. Bank of India, HP's first enterprise customer in India, inked a 10 year outsourcing deal with the company in 2004. A senior executive at the bank revealed that the contract expired in June this year. "The renewal is under consideration. We are positive about the new development," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Reliance Industries gains post Q2 resultsReliance Industries gains post Q2 results
SI Reporter | Mumbai Oct 14, 2014 09:25 AM IST
Reliance Industries is trading higher by nearly 2% at Rs 973 on BSE in early morning deals after it reported a better-than-expected consolidated net profit at Rs 5,972 crore for the quarter ended September 2014 (Q2) on back of improved gross refining margins (GRMs) and lower input costs. The company had registered a profit of Rs 5,873 crore during the same quarter last fiscal.
However, consolidated net sales declined 4.3% to Rs 113,396 crore from Rs 118,439 crore for the corresponding quarter of previous fiscal.
Analysts on an average had expected net profit of Rs 5,593 crore and net sale of Rs 98,246 crore from the oil and gas major.
The stock opened at Rs 980 and has seen a combined 750,000 shares changed hands on the counter so far on BSE and NSE.
 

Reliance Inds gains over 2% on strong Q2 resultsYou are here: Home > Collections > Ril
Reliance Industries gains over 2% on strong Q2 results
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 14, 2014, 09.41AM IST
Tags:
BSE
(Reliance Industries gained…)
MUMBAI: Oil & gas major Reliance Industries gained over 2 per cent in early trade after reporting better-than-expected earnings for quarter ended September after market hours on Monday.
The company reported a net profit of Rs 5,972 crore, up 8.8 per cent, from Rs 5,490 crore in year-ago period.
Sales increased reported to Rs 1.13 lakh crore versus Rs 1.06 lakh crore, up 6.6 per cent, Year-on-Year (YoY).
The GRMs for Q2 came in at $8.3 per barrel versus $7.7 per barrel, YoY.
Kotak Institutional Equities has revised its FY2015-17E EPS standalone estimates for RIL to Rs 72 (-3.8 per cent),Rs 76.1 (-4.5 per cent) and Rs 90.9 (-6.5 per cent) to reflect (1) lower crude price assumptions, (2) lower KG D-6 gas production volumes, (3) higher interest and DD&A expenses and (4) other minor changes.
"We retain our ADD rating on the RIL stock noting (1) inexpensive valuations at 11.4X FY2016E standalone EPS versus BSE-30 Index at 14.5X, (2) strong earnings growth led by core business projects and (3) 15 per cent upside to our SOTP-based target price of Rs 1,100," the report said.
At 09:21 a.m.; the stock was at Rs 966.40, up 0.89 per cent, on the BSE . It rallied 2.3 per cent intraday to touch a high of Rs 980.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Why online retailers Amazon  Alibaba make of...You are here: Home > Collections > Offline
Game changer? Why online retail firms like Amazon, Alibaba make offline buys
ET Bureau Oct 14, 2014, 03.24AM IST
Tags:
Alibaba
(India's fast-growing online…)
BANGALORE | NEW DELHI: Until now they defined their identity and earned their spurs by differentiating themselves in convenience and pricing from their brick-and-mortar cousins, but can online retailers look to subsume them for the next stage of their evolution?
India's fast-growing online retailers, who are bubbling with energy and flush with investor money secured at eyepopping valuation multiples, could potentially buy department store chains, a move observers say, will precipitate consolidation in the market and redefine the sector.
Such an outcome would be a logical step, some argue, because online retailers are rapidly gaining market share as well as mind-share, putting them in a position to take over leadership of the industry.
"I think online players should make offline acquisitions as the momentum is with them right now," said Arvind Singhal, chairman of retail advisory firm Technopak. "A big chunk of customers still buy offline and acquiring a brick-and-mortar chain could be a powerful customer acquisition tool for online sites in certain categories."
According to Technopak, the Indian retail industry is valued at $525 billion (Rs. 31.5 lakh crore, or about a quarter of India's GDP) now, with online's share at about 1 per cent. By 2020, the retail industry is estimated to double in size while online will grow more than six-fold.
As for regulations barring foreign investment in multibrand retail, Vaibhav Parikh of law firm Nishith Desai Associates is of the view that as wholesale cash & carry is FDI compliant business, an online e-commerce company with FDI can buy it but cannot buy consumer retail business. However, buying a brand could be possible. "My view is that there is no restriction for a marketplace to manufacture and sell under their own brands, though there is some lack of clarity in law," said Parikh.
Globally, there is a move by online retailers to spread their wings into the world ofbrick and mortar. Last week, Amazon announced that it is setting up its first offline store in New York. Earlier this year, China's Alibaba bought a 25 per cent stake in a large department store chain, Intime Retail, for a little less than $700 million (Rs. 4,280 crore). This investment is probably a classic example of how online retail giants with much higher market value can buy into traditional retail. Alibaba's idea is that customers can shop in Intime's online store through Alibabs's online marketplace Tmall and then physically pick up the purchase at one of Intime's 36 department stores.
Mukesh Bansal, board member at India's largest online retailer Flipkart and chief executive of fashion site Myntra, said certain types of offline acquisitions make sense for online retailers. "Acquiring brands is very interesting for us," said Bansal, whose firm was acquired by Flipkart earlier this year. "The ones with a distinct brand presence and a small offline retail footprint are of interest," he said, emphasising that no such acquisitions are in the pipeline.
Online retail portals like Flipkart, Snapdeal and Amazon have grown rapidly in the past couple of years. Market leader Flipkart is targeting $3 billion (over Rs. 18,300 crore) in total value of goods sold this fiscal. Last month, Amazon chief Jeff Bezos told ET the value of goods sold by Amazon India in a year had topped $1 billion (over Rs. 6,000 crore). Snapdeal too has crossed the $1 billion milestone this year.
In comparison, Tata group's retail divisions, including Titan, Croma, Trent and Landmark, had revenue of about Rs. 17,000 crore. Kishore Biyani's Future Retail had revenue of Rs. 11,336 crore in fiscal 2014.
But what gives reason for pause is the contrast in the valuations. When Flipkart raised funds this year, it was valued at $7 billion. Delhi-based Snapdeal was valued at $1 billion. In comparison, Trent has a market capitalisation of Rs. 4,546.08 crore and Future Retail less than Rs. 3,000 crore. These firms are also wellfunded. Flipkart raised $1 billion this year and Amazon's Bezos announced investment of $2 billion (Rs. 12,200 crore) in its India operations.
Concepts that caught the fancy are 'Webrooming,' which means customers research products and prices online before buying in a physical store, and 'Showrooming', where customers see a product in a store but buy it online after comparing prices. Alibaba acquisition of a stake in Intime seeks to stay in step with changing customer behaviour.
 
In India, if an online retail site were to buy and operate offline brand the model will be very different from what is traditionally in brick-andmortar world, with further blurring of walls separating online and offline. "Offline will be more about experience; it will be about the concept and brand interactions. It will not be a distribution strategy," said Myntra's Bansal.

DLF falls over 20% after Sebi banStock tanks 28%, DLF may have to lower prices
Vandana Ramnani , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 14, 2014
First Published: 09:31 IST(14/10/2014) | Last Updated: 01:37 IST(15/10/2014)
Comments
DLF’s shares tanked over 28% Tuesday, a day after the market regulator barred India’s biggest realtor from selling shares for three years, triggering concerns about its ability to fund projects and repay loans.
Analysts said the Securities Exchange Board of India’s (SEBI’s) Monday ruling could force DLF to lower property prices, leading to an overall correction in the National Capital Region given the company’s market leadership in the region, analysts said.
“We expect this capital-market ban to result in a meaningful price correction as DLF liquidates unsold inventory in its completed projects to generate operating cash flows,” Ambit, a brokerage firm, said in a research report.
The company, credited with building Gurgaon, commands nearly 60% market share in the glitzy Millennium City that borders the Capital.
“If it ends up selling land and development projects and ongoing projects at a discounted rate, it will have an impact on the overall real estate-market sentiment,” said a real estate consultant, who did not wish to be identified.
“DLF’s inability to access capital markets could impact its fund-raising programme,” Macquarie research said. “DLF, in this case, would have to resort to large asset sales to reduce debt in the future.”
Buyers are worried, too. “We see our projects in danger now. We doubt that they will be completed on time. People who have invested all their savings in these projects are anxious now,” said Sanjay Jain, secretary of the Capital Greens Flat Buyers Association, a DLF residential project in Moti Nagar, New Delhi.
DLF had failed to meet the 2012 deadline for the handover of flats that were still incomplete, Jain said. They are now planning to take the company to court.
DLF is India’s most indebted property developer. As of June 30, its borrowings stood at Rs. 19,064 crore, higher than the market value of Rs. 18,701.33 crore.
The SEBI blow wiped Rs. 6,000 crore off its value Tuesday when its stock plunged 28.5 % to Rs. 104.15.
The company might need to dig deep into its commercial properties put out on rent, analysts said. “The only saving grace in its portfolio are assets that earn annual rentals of more than Rs. 2,100 crore. It can always — in the worst case scenario — sell these income-producing assets to generate more than Rs. 20,000 crore which is equal to their total debt,” said another consultant on condition of anonymity.
SEBI has barred the company and six top executives, including promoter-chairman KP Singh, from accessing the securities market, choking its options to raise fresh funds.
The move came after seven years of investigation into the charges that the realtor didn’t give complete information when it went public in 2007.
In recent years, DLF has faced a welter of problems including angry lawsuits by customers upset with project delays and political controversies surrounding its alleged links with Robert Vadra, son-in-law of Congress president Sonia Gandhi.
DLF has promised to “defend itself to the fullest extent” against the accusations and said it was “confident of the vindication of its stand”.

Dion Global gains on launch of new technologyDion Global gains on launch of new technology
SI Reporter | Mumbai Oct 14, 2014 10:21 AM IST
Dion Global solutions has gained around 5% on BSE after the company announced the launch of a new module within its NOVA suite to support the Shanghai - Hong Kong Stock Connect scheme.
The Shanghai - Hong Kong Stock Connect programme is scheduled to commence operations from mid-OCtober this year. It will allow people in mainland China to invest in foreign stocks and allow foreign investors to buy stocks in the Shanghai Stock Exchange through Hong Kong brokerage account, which are subject to annual quota. It is a significant step in the direction of integrating China's capital markets with global finance.
Dion is a financial services provider delivering compehensive range of solutions with presence in more than 80 countries.
The stock opened at Rs 96.5 abd hit a high of Rs 100 on BSE and around 1000 shares have changed hands so far. The company  is not listed on NSE.  

Rupee hits 3-week high after record low CPI dataRupee falls from 3-week high
Reuters | Mumbai Oct 14, 2014 01:12 PM IST
The rupee reversed its direction to trade at 61.17/18 versus Monday's close of 61.0950/1050.
 
The Indian unit had earlier hit 60.90, its highest level since September 23.
 
Traders expect USD/INR to move in a range of 60.90 to 61.30.
 
The Nifty is trading 0.4% lower, while the Sensex is down 0.3%.
 
The dollar rebounded modestly against yen and euro following steep falls overnight.
 
September WPI inflation hit a near five-year low of 2.38%.
 

DLF plunges over 24% on Sebi ban; Barclays cuts target price to Rs 159You are here: Home > Collections > Sebi
DLF plunges over 24% on Sebi ban; Barclays cuts target price
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 14, 2014, 10.15AM IST
Tags:
BSE
(Regulatory action stems…)
NEW DELHI: Shares of India's biggest real estate company, DLF, plunged as much as 24.3 per cent to Rs 111.25, also its new 52-week low in early trade on Tuesday, a day after the stock market regulator Sebi barred DLF and six of its top executives including chairman K P Singh from accessing stock markets for a period of three years.
The regulatory action stems from the DLF management's failure to disclose material information to investors during the firm's equity offer in 2007 to raise Rs 9,187 crore.
At 09:40 a.m.; DLF was trading 18.5 per cent lower at Rs 119.50. It hit a low of Rs 111.25 and a high of Rs 132.05 in morning trade today on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
On the National Stock Exchange , DLF was trading 18.6 per cent lower at Rs 119.50. It hit a 52-week low of Rs 111.20 and a high of Rs 132.25 in trade today.
The Sebi verdict on DLF sends a singular message to not only investors of realty stocks but also to stake holders of companies with shoddy corporate governance practices, ET said in a report.
The news is likely to hit the entire real estate sector negatively and investors are advised to stay away from these sectors as of now and look for companies with strong balance sheet, say analysts.
The BSE Realty index was the top loser among other sectoral indices on the BSE, down over 6 per cent, led by losses in DLF, Unitech, Indiabulls Real Estate, Sobha Developers and Godrej Properties .
"This is big news and it will impact entire Realty sector and stock negatively. Big giants like HDIL, Indiabulls Real Estate and Unitech may continue southward journey. Investors should to stay away from these sectors as of now," said Vivek Gupta,CMT - Director Research, CapitalVia Global Research Limited.
There is a strong possibility that investors stuck with DLF stock may dump the shares to move on to companies with strong balance sheets and consistent track record in terms of growth.
Gupta is of the view that on daily charts DLF has a strong support of 120, one can expect deep correction if it break the major support of 120.
It is anticipated that DLF will challenge the Sebi's order in the Securities Appellate Tribunal.
Reacting to the Sebi order, DLF in a press note clarified that its Board wishes to reassure its investors and all other stakeholders that it has not acted in contravention of law either during its initial public offer or otherwise.
"DLF and its board were guided by and acted on the advise of eminent legal advisors, merchant bankers and audit firms while formulating its Offer documents," said the note.
DLF said that it will defend itself to the fullest extent against any adverse findings and measures contained in the Order passed by SEBI.
Barclays reduces target price:
Global investment bank, Barclays is of the view that even though DLF can appeal this Sebi order, we believe this along with other recent adverse regulatory rulings and weak demand environment does not augur well for DLF.
While valuations appear cheap (0.9x FY16E book), Barclays maintain EW rating on the stock but they have reduced their target price to Rs 159 due to macro and regulatory headwinds
We believe that the SEBI order can potentially impact CCPS conversion plans of DLF. Weak demand environment and regulatory issues remain key downside risks while faster correction in interest rates is a key upside risk, said the investment bank.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex pares gains  Nifty tests 7900; BSE Realty index down 6% post DLF banYou are here: Home > Collections
Sensex pare gains, Nifty tests 7900; BSE Realty index down 6%
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 14, 2014, 11.08AM IST
Tags:
BSE
(The whole real estate sector…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex which rallied as much as 166 points in trade on Tuesday, pared most of its gains and was trading in a range, led by losses in Infosys, ITC, TCS and Tata Motors.
At 11:08 am, the Sensex was at 26,275.25; down 108.82 points.
The Nifty was at 7,844.15; down 40.1 points.
The whole real estate sector remained under pressure after the stock market regulator Sebi barred DLF and six of its top executives including chairman K P Singh from accessing stock markets for a period of three years.
DLF plunged as much as 24 per cent on the BSE to hit its 52-week low of Rs 111.25. The stock was trading 17 per cent lower at Rs 120.85 at 09:40 a.m.
The BSE Realty index was the top loser among other sectoral indices on the BSE, down 6 per cent followed by BSE FMCG index and IT index which were trading 0.53 per cent and 0.54 per cent lower.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also pared gains and slipped below its crucial psychological level of 7900.
Reliance Industries rose as much as 2.3 per cent to hit its intraday high of Rs 980, after the oil & gas major reported a 1.7 per cent rise in net profit at Rs 5,972 crore for the three months to September.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index was up 0.29 per cent and BSE S&P Smallcap Index edged higher by 0.42 per cent.
Bajaj Auto (up 2.3 per cent), RIL (up 1.6 per cent), Axis Bank (up 1.4 per cent), Bharti Airtel (up 1.3 per cent) and SBI (up 1.2 per cent) were among the major Sensex gainers.
Hindalco (down 1 per cent), Tata Steel (down 0.73 per cent), Infosys (down 0.60 per cent), Hero MotoCorp (down 0.56 per cent) and ITC (down 0.87 per cent) were the major index losers.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Indian railways launches official Android app for e-ticketingIndian railways launches official Android app for e-ticketing
Sun TV Network hits 52-week lowSun TV Network hits 52-week low
SI Reporter | Mumbai Oct 14, 2014 10:38 AM IST
Sun TV Network slipped to a 52-week low of Rs 311.75 in morning deals on account of slowing advertising revenues, increasing competition and overhang of the CBI charge-sheet against the company's promoter. However, the stock swiftly recovered and was trading at Rs 315, down 3.3% at 1040 hrs.
The key growth metric for Sun TV is its advertising business, which accounts for half of its revenues. However, the growth in this pocket has been volatile which has been an overhang for the scrip.
For the day, opened at Rs 324 and briefly edged higher to the levels of Rs 328. However, the up move was not sustained and selling pressure in the counter dragged the scrip to its 52-week low.
On the volume front, a spurt of over 1.2 times was seen on the BSE. A combined over three lakh shares changed hands on NSE and BSE.

Markets trading flat; ITC  Tata Motors down over 1%Markets trading flat; ITC, Tata Motors down over 1%
SI Reporter | Mumbai Oct 14, 2014 10:35 AM IST
Markets continued to trade flat with negativc bias weighed down by profit taking in IT majors after recent gains post upbeat earnings from Infosys and index heavyweight ITC.
At 10:30AM, the 30-share Sensex was down 42 points at 26,342 and the 50-share Nifty was down 17 points at 7,868.
The rate of retail inflation in September eased to 6.46 per cent — the lowest since the series was launched in January 2012 — driven mainly by a significant drop in food prices and subdued demand for industrial goods. The rate, as measured by the consumer price index (CPI), had stood at 7.73 per cent in August and 9.84 per cent in September last year.
Foreign investors were net sellers in equities to the tune of Rs 671 crore on Monday.
Asian stocks rebounded after the recent correction with the exception of Japanese shares which dropped to two-month lows on global growth concerns. The benchmark Nikkei was down nearly 2%. Hang Seng trimmed early gains and was up 0.7% higher while shares in mainland China were trading with marginal gains with the Shanghai COmposite up 0.1% while Straits Times firmed up and was trading 0.3% higher.
The BSE Realty index was the top loser down nearly 7% followed by BSE Metal, IT, FMCG and Auto indices.BSE Bankex was the top sectoral gainer up 0.6% followed by Capital Goods, Healthcare, Power, Oil and Gas indices among others.
Reliance Industries was up 1% after it beat analysts’ expectations during the July-September quarter, with its profit increasing 1.7 per cent over the year-ago period. At Rs 5,972 crore, however, its net profit was 1.7 per cent higher than Rs 5,873 crore in the same period last year.
Rate sensitives gained on the back of easing consumer price inflation. SBI, Bajaj Auto, Axis Bank, ICICI Bank, Maruti Suzuki, M&M were up 0.2-2.5% each.
Capital Goods shares also rebounded from their recent lows. L&T and BHEL were up 0.3-2.6% each.
Pharma shares were also trading higher with Cipla, Sun Pharma and Dr Reddy's Labs up 0.2-1.5% each.
DLF slumped 22% to Rs 114 after SEBI barred the real estate major and six of its top executives, including Chairman K P Singh, from accessing the capital market for three years. The Sebi order, after finding the company guilty of “active and deliberate suppression” of material information at the time of its public issue, leaves DLF out in the cold even as others capitalise on the current bull run.
Among other shares, Sintex Industries extended gains with a 4.5% uptick to trade at Rs 90.85 on the back of robust second quarter earnings. Yesterday, the stock had gained 17%.
IL&FS Engineering and Construction was locked in upper circuit of 20% at Rs 65.45 on BSE after the company said it has won a Rs 1,232 crore order from National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) for widening the 127 km Patna-Gaya-Dobhi section of NH 83 in Bihar.
United Phosphorus Limited (UPL) has gained around 4.5% on BSE after RBI allowed foeign investors to hold up to 74% in paid up capital in the company under Portfolio Investment Scheme (PIS) as the prescribed limit has gone below threshold.
Dion Global solutions has gained around 5% on BSE after the company announced the launch of a new module within its NOVA suite to support the Shanghai - Hong Kong Stock Connect scheme.
In the broader markets, the BSE Mid-cap index was up 0.5% and Small-cap index was up 0.6%.
Market breadth was positive with 1,184 advances and 872 declines on the BSE.

As turnaround takes hold  SpiceJet says it needs more fundsAs turnaround takes hold, SpiceJet says it needs more funds
Reuters | Singapore Oct 14, 2014 10:20 AM IST
Budget carrier SpiceJet Ltd's top official warned the loss-making airline still needs new funding to anchor its turnaround efforts, even as its operating performance improves with higher revenue per seat amid reduced capacity.
 
"Our challenge is our legacy losses and this cannot be solved by operational cash flows alone, but by funding or recapitalisation," Sanjiv Kapoor, chief operating officer at India's No 3 airline by market share as of August, told Reuters in an interview.
SpiceJet previously said it was in "advanced" talks with an external entity to get funding.
 
"Hopefully in due course of time, we'll see some good news on that front," said Kapoor, speaking late on Monday at a conference organised by consultancy CAPA.
 
Battling competition in an industry plagued by some of the world's steepest operating costs and cheapest fares, SpiceJet plunged to a first-quarter net loss of Rs 124 crore ($20 million) in April-June. This followed a record loss in the year to March 2014.
 
"All the operational metrics and financial metrics are pointed in the right direction," said Kapoor. "Load factors are going up, RASK (revenue per available seat kilometre) is going up, CASK (cost per available seat kilometre) is going down. Low-season losses are reducing and in high season we expect to be back in profits."
 
Controlled by billionaire Kalanithi Maran's Sun Group, SpiceJet has slashed costs, overhauled its management team and is pursuing a strategy of heavily discounting advance sales to fill up seats. SpiceJet has cut capacity by reducing its fleet to 35 Boeing 737 aircraft from 42 in December.
 
Nearly all Indian carriers are losing money amid overcapacity in the industry, with the sector forecast to rack up losses of up to $1.4 billion this year, CAPA says.
 
Kapoor, who took charge at SpiceJet a year ago after stints at Bain & Company, Temasek and Northwest Airlines, said SpiceJet's April-June operating profit of Rs 9 crore before restructuring and one-off costs showed that it's on the way to a gradual recovery.
 
"I would hope that if we start measuring from October to September next year and you look back in the 12 months, we would come to the conclusion that that is the 12 months when we administered our turnaround," said Kapoor.
 

SpiceJet gains as operating performance improvesSpiceJet gains as operating performance improves
SI Reporter | Mumbai Oct 14, 2014 10:57 AM IST
SpiceJet surged in today's trade with gains of over 5% at Rs 15.28 as the budget carrier’s operating performance improved with higher revenue per seat amid reduced capacity.
However, the top official warned the loss-making airline still needs new funding to anchor its turnaround efforts. "Our challenge is our legacy losses and this cannot be solved by operational cash flows alone, but by funding or recapitalisation," Sanjiv Kapoor, chief operating officer at India's No. 3 airline by market share as of August, told Reuters in an interview.
SpiceJet previously said it was in "advanced" talks with an external entity to get funding.
The stock opened at Rs 14.55 which was also around the low point of the day thus far. A spurt in volume by more than 2.43 times was observed on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
The company is not listed on the National Stock exchange.

Bajaj Auto gains on upgrade by BoABajaj Auto gains on BoA upgrade to 'buy'
SI Reporter | Mumbai Oct 14, 2014 10:43 AM IST
Bajaj Auto has gained around 3% after Bank of America-Merrill Lynch upgraded its stocks from "underperform" to "buy", citing higher volume and average selling prices, and increased contribution from dirt-bike making affiliate KTM.
Bajaj Auto, which is going to announce its Q2 earnings later Tuesday, is expected to see its  net profit grow by 3% on an annual basis, according to market analysts.
The stock opened at Rs 2,388 and hit a high of 2,429 on BSE while around 224,000 shares have changed hands on BSE and NSE so far today.

Brent drops to near $88 in well-supplied oil...The global oil benchmark has declined more than 20 per cent from the 2014 high in June as supplies rose and demand slowed in the United States, Europe and China.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SINGAPORE: Brent crude fell to just above $88 a barrel on Tuesday in a well-supplied market as expectations faded that OPEC could cut output and shore up prices.
The global oil benchmark has declined more than 20 per cent from the 2014 high in June as supplies rose and demand slowed in the United States, Europe and China.
Investors expecting a production cut from OPEC to support prices were disappointed as Saudi Arabia and Kuwait played down the possibility of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries reducing output.
OPEC, which produces about 40 per cent of the world's crude oil, is due to meet in late November to discuss output targets.
"There's been market chatter that Saudi Arabia is unlikely to cut production in the November meeting so that's probably playing on the market," said Ankit Pahuja, a commodity strategist at ANZ in Melbourne.
"Seasonally, it's a weak point. We think there's more scope for recovery in November and December."
Brent crude fell 72 cents a barrel to $88.17 by 0342 GMT a barrel after touching the lowest since December 2010 on Monday. The November contract expires on Thursday.
US crude dropped 69 cents a barrel to $85.05 after it pared Monday's sharp intraday losses to settle down 8 cents.
"There was probably some positivity that came out of the China data yesterday," Pahuja said. Underlying oil demand in the world's top energy consumer was still "quite strong", he said.
China posted a strong rebound in commodities imports in September, including a 13 per cent rise in crude oil imports from August.
Despite the recent price slump, several analysts expect oil markets to recover ahead of peak seasonal winter demand in the Northern Hemisphere.
"We see the potential for a positive bounce into year-end, particularly given extremely bearish sentiment and positioning," Morgan Stanley analysts said in a note.
"Even if OPEC is not overly responsive before year-end, which we expect, fundamentals have turned, which should eventually lift crude prices."
Investors are looking ahead to weekly oil inventories data from the United States for price direction.
US commercial crude stocks were forecast to have increased in the week ended Oct. 10, while refined products likely fell, according to a Reuters survey ahead of weekly inventory reports out of the world's biggest oil consumer.
Industry group the American Petroleum Institute (API) will issued its report later on Wednesday, and the US Department of Energy's Energy Information Administration (EIA) will follow with its weekly data on Thursday. The reports have been delayed a day due to the Monday's Columbus Day US federal holiday.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

DLF @ life low  plunges over 24%: Is it a buy after the sharp declineYou are here: Home > Collections
DLF at life low post Sebi ban; Is it a buy after this sharp fall
Oct 14, 2014, 10.47AM IST
Tags:
ban
(Shares of India's biggest…)
MUMBAI: Shares of north-based realty major DLF plunged over 24 per cent in early trade after stock market regulator Sebi barred DLF, promoters and few employees from securities markets for three years.
The regulator found the company guilty of "active and deliberate suppression" of material information at the time of its public offer.
The order means that DLF will be prohibited from issuing of equities to raise funds and other instruments such as REITs and debentures.
Meanwhile, the company has reassured investors and other stakeholders that it has not acted in contravention of law either during its initial public offer or otherwise.
"DLF and its board were guided by and acted on the advise of eminent legal advisors, merchant bankers and audit firms while formulating its Offer documents. DLF will defend itself to the fullest extent against any adverse findings and measures contained in the Order passed by SEBI," the company clarified.
According to analysts, while the company is expected to appeal against the order, the stock will remain under pressure due to the recent negative newsflow.
Most brokerages have lowered the target price despite the stock's availability at cheap valuations. The orther adverse legal orders include Punjab and Haryana High Court's cancellation of 350 acres of land allocation at Wazirabad in Gurgaon and CCI's penalty of Rs 630 crore on the company.
Analysts at Deutsche Bank are of the view that though the SEBI order will not materially alter the company's operations, it will push forward any plans for further equity issuance and also postpone value-unlocking in rent-yielding commercial portfolio through REITs.
"We are not overly worried about the diminished prospects of deleveraging as the company has now reduced leverage to ~0.6x. However, we do believe that a spate of unfavorable judicial/regulatory pronouncements can suppress sentiment," the Deutsche Bank report said.
The SEBI ban may prevent the proposed merger of DLF Cyber City Developers Limited (DCCDL) into DLF. Moreover, refinancing its total non-bank debt, which amounts to ~45 per cent of its FY14 net debt of Rs 198 billion, may come under pressure, say analysts at Edelweiss.
"This is the third negative legal development for DLF in the past two months, post cancellation of Wazirabad land allocation and CCI's penalty payment order of Rs 6.3 billion. While we currently have a 'BUY' on DLF based on valuations, we believe the stock will come under pressure given successive legal / regulatory setbacks," Edelweiss report said.
Meanwhile, Standard Chartered has maintained its Outperform rating on the stock.
"We remain confident on annuity portfolio ramp-up and balance sheet consolidation. However, positive FCF and sales portfolio recovery may come only by 1QFY16, in our view. Negative news flow, such as adverse judgements from various authorities and potential local government changes, remain near-term overhangs on the stock, in our view," the report said.
Morgan Stanley remains underweight on the stock following the recent near-term earnings challenges, high dependence on the sluggish Gurgaon market, poor pipeline of older projects/delay in new launches and stretched balance sheet.
Following are brokerages ratings on DLF post SEBI order:
At 10:20 a.m.; the stock was at Rs 114, down 22.29 per cent, on the BSE. It plunged 24.16 per cent to touch intraday low of Rs 111.25.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex down over 100 points  Nifty below 7 850; Realty index down 6% post DLF banYou are here: Home > Collections
Sensex pare gains, Nifty tests 7900; BSE Realty index down 6%
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 14, 2014, 11.08AM IST
Tags:
BSE
(The whole real estate sector…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex which rallied as much as 166 points in trade on Tuesday, pared most of its gains and was trading in a range, led by losses in Infosys, ITC, TCS and Tata Motors.
At 11:08 am, the Sensex was at 26,275.25; down 108.82 points.
The Nifty was at 7,844.15; down 40.1 points.
The whole real estate sector remained under pressure after the stock market regulator Sebi barred DLF and six of its top executives including chairman K P Singh from accessing stock markets for a period of three years.
DLF plunged as much as 24 per cent on the BSE to hit its 52-week low of Rs 111.25. The stock was trading 17 per cent lower at Rs 120.85 at 09:40 a.m.
The BSE Realty index was the top loser among other sectoral indices on the BSE, down 6 per cent followed by BSE FMCG index and IT index which were trading 0.53 per cent and 0.54 per cent lower.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also pared gains and slipped below its crucial psychological level of 7900.
Reliance Industries rose as much as 2.3 per cent to hit its intraday high of Rs 980, after the oil & gas major reported a 1.7 per cent rise in net profit at Rs 5,972 crore for the three months to September.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index was up 0.29 per cent and BSE S&P Smallcap Index edged higher by 0.42 per cent.
Bajaj Auto (up 2.3 per cent), RIL (up 1.6 per cent), Axis Bank (up 1.4 per cent), Bharti Airtel (up 1.3 per cent) and SBI (up 1.2 per cent) were among the major Sensex gainers.
Hindalco (down 1 per cent), Tata Steel (down 0.73 per cent), Infosys (down 0.60 per cent), Hero MotoCorp (down 0.56 per cent) and ITC (down 0.87 per cent) were the major index losers.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Oil producers now enter the dark side of supercycleUpdated: October 12, 2014 21:52 IST
Oil producers now enter the dark side of supercycle
John Kemp
REUTERS The oil industry has always experienced very long, slow and deep cycles in supply, demand and prices: the current downturn is no exception. File Photo
TOPICS
oil and gas - upstream activities
The industry has experienced long, slow and deep cycles in supply, demand and prices
Oil producers are getting another brutal reminder that theirs is a business characterised by long, deep price cycles.
Benchmark Brent futures have dropped below $90 a barrel, the lowest level since December, 2010, but that actually understates the extent of the damage.
The problem with using December, 2010, as a baseline is that oil prices at the time were hugely distorted by the cyclical downturn in demand caused by the financial crisis and the ensuing recession. Most analysts would agree these effects were temporary and give little insight into long-term oil-market trends.
If the period covered by the recession (late 2008 to early 2011) is excluded to give a more representative picture, the price of Brent has not been this low since February, 2008, when price increases were still accelerating towards their eventual peak five months later.
And if prices are adjusted for inflation (using average U.S. hourly earnings), Brent prices are at the lowest level in real terms since October 2007, exactly seven years ago.
The oil industry has always experienced very long, slow and deep cycles in supply, demand and prices: the current downturn is no exception.
Both the surge in oil supplies and slowdown in demand are the lagged response to the increase in prices which started in 2002 and lasted until 2012, albeit with a hiatus during the recession between 2008 and 2011. It was the stimulus of high and rising prices which made the application of hydraulic fracturing and horizontal drilling possible in the North American shale oil plays.
And it was the panic brought on by rising fuel bills which prompted households, businesses and governments to conserve fuel by turning to energy efficiency and substitutes such as ethanol and natural gas.
Fuel supply and demand are characterised by an enormous amount of economic and technological inertia. It takes many years for a price change to start having a meaningful impact on production and consumption, which is why many of the impacts of the earlier rise in prices are only now beginning to be felt.
For the same reason, however, once those deep-cyclical changes are under way, they are extremely difficult to arrest or reverse. Like a supertanker, changes in supply and demand wrought by price rises in 2002-12 have developed a momentum of their own and cannot easily be stopped.
Just as oil prices had to overshoot in 2008 to overcome the natural inertia in the system and force big increases in supply and reductions in demand, prices will now probably need to over correct on the downside to put the oil market on to a new course.
The existence of this long cycle is confirmed by the fact that each temporary peak in prices since July, 2008, has been lower than the last, which indicates that a gradual shift in both supply and demand have been under way, producing a gradual price downward.
The same unwinding of the supercycle is evident in other commodities, notably the thermal coal market. Benchmark coal prices to Europe exhibit identical behaviour: a massive escalation between 2002 and 2008, followed by the recession, a partial recovery by 2011, and then a gradually falling trend in which each temporary peak is lower than the last. Broadly, similar pricing patterns are evident in other major industrial commodities as diverse as aluminium and copper. The best way to characterise the current fall in oil and other commodity prices is that it is the downswing of a long price cycle that dates from around 2002.
During the upswing, the synchronised rise in the price of many industrial and agricultural commodities was dubbed by analysts as a ‘super-cycle’.
In their excitement, many investors and businesses focused on the ‘super’ and forgot about the ‘cycle’, ignoring the fact that at least some of the increase in prices would eventually need to be reversed.
(The author is a Reuters market analyst. The views expressed are his own)

Childhood  peace and developmentUpdated: October 13, 2014 00:50 IST
Childhood, peace and development
social issue
The Nobel Peace prize for 2014 has been awarded to two South Asian activists in the field of child rights, Malala Yousafzai and Kailash Satyarthi. The first is a thoughtful and fearless teenager who, despite deadly opposition, lit a path to learning and liberation for girls in Pakistan. The second is a 60-year old campaigner from India who has worked to liberate children from the shackles of compulsory labour and bondage. In choosing them, the Nobel Committee may appear to have chosen unusually. Malala is, at 17, the youngest Nobel Peace Prize winner ever, and Mr. Satyarthi a relatively unknown name outside the region and his field of work. However, the Committee’s choice has been hailed as both bold and necessary. It has sought to underscore a crucial but widely disregarded prerequisite for development and peace in our times, namely, the responsibility of nations to provide the means of formal education, leisure, safety, and care for all children. As this year’s citation says, “It is a prerequisite for peaceful global development that the rights of children and young people be respected. In conflict-ridden areas in particular, the violation of children leads to the continuation of violence from generation to generation.” Growing up in the Swat Valley of Pakistan under the brute rule of religious bigots opposed to education for girls, Malala grasped the link between school education — and particularly education for girls — and larger social change early in life. How an outspoken child fought a public campaign for the right to education, surviving even an attempt on her life, is well known. She continues to lead the battle for girls’ education from her current location in Birmingham in the United Kingdom.
Mr. Satyarthi , a founder of Bachpan Bachao Andolan (Save Childhood Campaign), has led the rescue of over 78,500 children from bondage. He gave shape to the Global March Against Child Labour, a coalition of national campaign groups. He too sees education as the key instrument for the liberation of children from poverty, exploitation and neglect. In his pioneering work on child labour and school education in India, the late political scientist Myron Weiner wrote: “Modern states regard education as a legal duty, not merely a right: parents are required to send their children to school, children are required to attend school, and the state is obliged to enforce compulsory education ... This is not the view held in India. Primary education is not compulsory, nor is child labour illegal.” The Nobel Peace Prize this year recognises the crucial links among child rights, labour, and school education and, in doing so, recognises one of the most fundamental prerequisites of a better tomorrow for millions of children everywhere.

French economist Jean Tirole wins Nobel for analysis of big companiesFrench economist Jean Tirole wins Nobel for analysis of big companies
AFP
print
French economist Jean Tirole won the Nobel Economics Prize on Monday, for his analysis of big companies, market power and regulation, the Royal Academy of Sciences said.
Tirole, the second Frenchman to be honoured this year, is "one of the most influential economists of our time," the jury said.
"Many industries are dominated by a small number of large firms or a single monopoly," the jury said of the economist, from Toulouse 1 Capitole University.
"Left unregulated, such markets often produce socially undesirable results -- prices higher than those motivated by costs, or unproductive firms that survive by blocking the entry of new and more productive ones."
The power of markets and the importance of strong and appropriate regulation has been a central issue in the management of national economies in recent years.
This has been the case especially since the 1980s, when policies in advanced countries moved progressively to allowing markets a freer role, and privatised former state monopolies, with the aim of raising competition and reducing inflation.
One of the chief contributions of 61-year-old Tirole is the insight that market dominance works differently in different industries, according to the jury.
Undercutting prices not all bad
It noted that undercutting prices has traditionally been disciplined under competition, or anti-trust, law, because setting prices below production costs is one way of getting rid of competitors -- but this is not necessarily true of all markets.
In the newspaper market, for example, giving away papers free can be a way of attracting readers and thus new advertisers to cover the losses arising from production and distribution.
"In this case, it is doubtful whether undercutting should be banned," the jury said. "The best regulation or competition policy should therefore be carefully adapted to every industry's specific conditions."
Tirole's research has also showed that some companies -- for example producers of widely used but patented software -- are able to dominate not just their own industry, but also neighbouring industries further down the production chain.
"If the innovation is sold to only one firm, this firm makes a high profit because it becomes more efficient than its competitors. The producer can then set his price considerably higher," the jury said.
The jury argued that Tirole's work has provided a framework for designing policies for a number of industries, ranging from telecommunications to banking.
The citation comes amid growing controversy over the market power of such companies as Amazon and Google. "Drawing on these new insights, governments can better encourage powerful firms to become more productive and, at the same time, prevent them from harming competitors and customers," it said.
The prize will be awarded at a ceremony in Stockholm on December 10, the anniversary of the death in 1896 of the prizes' creator, Swedish scientist and philanthropist Alfred Nobel.
The economics prize is the only Nobel not originally included in Nobel's last will and testament. It was established in 1968 by the Swedish central bank to celebrate its tricentenary, and first awarded in 1969.
The other prizes have been awarded since 1901. The award of this year's prize to a French national marked a departure from American dominance on the list of laureates.
Over the past decade, 18 out 20 economics prize laureates have been from the United States, including one Israeli-American. Last year, US scholars Eugene Fama, Lars Peter Hansen and Robert Shiller won for their work on spotting trends in the asset markets.
The economics prize winds up this year's Nobel season, marked the award of the peace prize to 17-year-old Pakistani Malala Yousafzai  and India's Kailash Satyarthi, and the literature prize to French writer Patrick Modiano.
 

Ranbaxy s US subsidiary sees 5 top-level exitsBusiness Partnership
(The changes come within…)
NEW DELHI: At least five senior executives of the US arm of Ranbaxy Laboratories , including its top boss Venkat Krishnan, have tendered their resignations or are planning to quit soon, people familiar with the matter said. Some of them are planning to float their own business venture as a team, three people in the know confirmed.
The company's US head of finance Gaurav Mehrotra, head of sales and distribution Bill Winter and legal head Lavesh Samtani are among the other executives leaving, these people said. The changes come within months of Sun Pharmaceutical Industries agreeing to acquire Ranbaxy from Japan's Daiichi Sankyo under a $4 billion deal. Company spokespersons from Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy refused to comment on the matter. And ET couldn't confirm whether or not these resignations have been accepted by company.
Ranbaxy had restructured its executive management council - a 10-member apex body that provides functional leadership to the company - over the past few months, during which some of its key senior executives left. With these recent exits, nearly half of the members who were part of Ranbaxy's executive committee two years ago will no longer be part of the team.
Industry executives ET spoke to said this exodus of the senior management from Ranbaxy was expected, considering many of them earn significantly higher salaries when compared to industry standards, including that of Sun. "Also at the senior level, there will be a lot of duplication in the roles and functions between the two companies, especially in India and the US, causing redundancies once the merger is completed," a senior executive at a rival firm said. Ever since the takeover was announced in April, the rumour mill has been swirling about possible senior-level changes at Ranbaxy.
Former Ranbaxy officials said its US sales team had proved immensely valuable during its troubled times. "Ranbaxy's US sales team had excellent relations with distributors and drugstore chains. It is this credible customer relations that helped the company overcome hurdles during its troubled times when it faced serious adverse events at the hands of the US Food and Drug Administration ," said Ramesh Adige, former executive director at Ranbaxy.
Considering their expertise in their respective fields, it is possible that the entrepreneurial bug has bitten them, Adige said. Ranbaxy's troubles with the US drug regulator, which began in 2006, exploded into a crisis in September 2008, when the FDA banned more than 30 medicines manufactured by the drugmaker at two of its Indian facilities.
In December 2011, the problems culminated in a consent decree with the FDA, with the company promising to take corrective steps to improve manufacturing practices.
Subsequently, last year in May, it pleaded guilty to felony charges related to drug safety and agreed to pay $500 million i n civil and criminal fines under a settlement with the US Department of Justice . A few months later, FDA banned products from its plant at Mohali and Toansa.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India ramps up Ebola screening at airportsIndia ramps up Ebola screening at airports
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 13, 2014
First Published: 21:28 IST(13/10/2014) | Last Updated: 15:53 IST(16/10/2014)
Comments
Indian authorities have ramped up screening for the Ebola virus at airports and ports over the past two months to avert an outbreak of the deadly disease that has killed more than 4,000 people, mostly in West Africa.
As part of the heightened surveillance, the government conducts detailed medical examinations of high-risk passengers, including checking their travel history, taking their body temperature and placing under quarantine people with possible symptoms of infection.
The government has screened 21,799 people at airports since it began screening for Ebola two months ago, but nobody has tested positive for the disease in India. So far, 1,200 travellers have been identified as suspected cases and 485 passengers have been quarantined at a Delhi facility.
The passengers had flown from Ebola-affected countries -- Liberia, Sierra Leone, Nigeria, Guinea, Congo and Senegal -- and had reported Ebola-like symptoms that include fever, fatigue, sore throat, muscle ache, nausea and headache.
The government has also identified one hospital with a dedicated isolation facility in each state to admit people with Ebola-like symptoms. These hospitals are equipped to handle sample collection, diagnosis and treatment of Ebola cases.
 “The health ministry is providing technical and material support to states for preparing health facilities with dedicated isolation wards, enabling them to provide diagnosis, treatment and care, and infection control under proper guidelines,” said Union health minister Dr Harsh Vardhan. “We have an efficient surveillance programme running and are fully prepared to deal with any eventuality.”
India has been on high alert since the World Health Organization declared the Ebola outbreak an international public health emergency in August. About 8,400 people have been infected so far in the worst Ebola outbreak on record that began in West Africa in March.
With the help from the ministry of external affairs, health officials identify passengers who have travelled to affected countries to screen them at the airport itself. Officials send a list of such passengers to local health departments in their respective states to track and monitor their health for a month.
Read: Ebola toll passes 4,000 as fears grow worldwide
Most of them are in the states of Maharashtra, Kerala, Tamil Nadu, Gujarat, West Bengal and Delhi.
Health authorities have also posted teams at the Attari border and airport to screen passengers coming from Ebola-affected countries.
According to Dr. P C Mondal, airport health officer at Kolkata airport, approximately 150 passengers have been screened at the airport.
“We are following the guidelines prescribed by central government religiously. Special counters have been set up to handle passengers arriving from Ebola-affected countries. From there they are directed to the health centre at the airport where the passengers are thoroughly screened and a detailed check-up in carried out,” Mondal said.

DLF plunges over 24% on Sebi ban | Mega wealth creators on D-StreetYou are here: Home > Collections > Sebi
DLF plunges over 24% on Sebi ban; Barclays cuts target price
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 14, 2014, 10.15AM IST
Tags:
BSE
(Regulatory action stems…)
NEW DELHI: Shares of India's biggest real estate company, DLF, plunged as much as 24.3 per cent to Rs 111.25, also its new 52-week low in early trade on Tuesday, a day after the stock market regulator Sebi barred DLF and six of its top executives including chairman K P Singh from accessing stock markets for a period of three years.
The regulatory action stems from the DLF management's failure to disclose material information to investors during the firm's equity offer in 2007 to raise Rs 9,187 crore.
At 09:40 a.m.; DLF was trading 18.5 per cent lower at Rs 119.50. It hit a low of Rs 111.25 and a high of Rs 132.05 in morning trade today on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
On the National Stock Exchange , DLF was trading 18.6 per cent lower at Rs 119.50. It hit a 52-week low of Rs 111.20 and a high of Rs 132.25 in trade today.
The Sebi verdict on DLF sends a singular message to not only investors of realty stocks but also to stake holders of companies with shoddy corporate governance practices, ET said in a report.
The news is likely to hit the entire real estate sector negatively and investors are advised to stay away from these sectors as of now and look for companies with strong balance sheet, say analysts.
The BSE Realty index was the top loser among other sectoral indices on the BSE, down over 6 per cent, led by losses in DLF, Unitech, Indiabulls Real Estate, Sobha Developers and Godrej Properties .
"This is big news and it will impact entire Realty sector and stock negatively. Big giants like HDIL, Indiabulls Real Estate and Unitech may continue southward journey. Investors should to stay away from these sectors as of now," said Vivek Gupta,CMT - Director Research, CapitalVia Global Research Limited.
There is a strong possibility that investors stuck with DLF stock may dump the shares to move on to companies with strong balance sheets and consistent track record in terms of growth.
Gupta is of the view that on daily charts DLF has a strong support of 120, one can expect deep correction if it break the major support of 120.
It is anticipated that DLF will challenge the Sebi's order in the Securities Appellate Tribunal.
Reacting to the Sebi order, DLF in a press note clarified that its Board wishes to reassure its investors and all other stakeholders that it has not acted in contravention of law either during its initial public offer or otherwise.
"DLF and its board were guided by and acted on the advise of eminent legal advisors, merchant bankers and audit firms while formulating its Offer documents," said the note.
DLF said that it will defend itself to the fullest extent against any adverse findings and measures contained in the Order passed by SEBI.
Barclays reduces target price:
Global investment bank, Barclays is of the view that even though DLF can appeal this Sebi order, we believe this along with other recent adverse regulatory rulings and weak demand environment does not augur well for DLF.
While valuations appear cheap (0.9x FY16E book), Barclays maintain EW rating on the stock but they have reduced their target price to Rs 159 due to macro and regulatory headwinds
We believe that the SEBI order can potentially impact CCPS conversion plans of DLF. Weak demand environment and regulatory issues remain key downside risks while faster correction in interest rates is a key upside risk, said the investment bank.
FEATURED ARTICLES

SpiceJet still needs funds: COO | 3 Jet pilots found holding expired certificatesSave precious time tracking your investments
SINGAPORE: Budget carrier SpiceJet's top official warned the loss-making airline still needs new funding to anchor its turnaround efforts, even as its operating performance improves with higher revenue per seat amid reduced capacity.
"Our challenge is our legacy losses and this cannot be solved by operational cash flows alone, but by funding or recapitalisation," Sanjiv Kapoor , chief operating officer at India's No. 3 airline by market share as of August, said in an interview. SpiceJet previously said it was in "advanced" talks with an external entity to get funding.
"Hopefully in due course of time, we'll see some good news on that front," said Kapoor, speaking late on Monday at a conference organised by consultancy CAPA.
Battling competition in an industry plagued by some of the world's steepest operating costs and cheapest fares, SpiceJet plunged to a first-quarter net loss of Rs 124 crore in April-June. This followed a record loss in the year to March 2014.
"All the operational metrics and financial metrics are pointed in the right direction," said Kapoor. "Load factors are going up, RASK (revenue per available seat kilometre) is going up, CASK (cost per available seat kilometre) is going down. Low-season losses are reducing and in high season we expect to be back in profits."
Controlled by billionaire Kalanithi Maran's Sun Group , SpiceJet has slashed costs, overhauled its management team and is pursuing a strategy of heavily discounting advance sales to fill up seats. SpiceJet has cut capacity by reducing its fleet to 35 Boeing 737 aircraft from 42 in December.
Nearly all Indian carriers are losing money amid overcapacity in the industry, with the sector forecast to rack up losses of up to $1.4 billion this year, CAPA says.
Kapoor, who took charge at SpiceJet a year ago after stints at Bain & Company, Temasek and Northwest Airlines, said SpiceJet's April-June operating profit of Rs 9 crore before restructuring and one-off costs showed that it's on the way to a gradual recovery.
"I would hope that if we start measuring from October to September next year and you look back in the 12 months, we would come to the conclusion that that is the 12 months when we administered our turnaround," said Kapoor.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Bajaj Auto gains over 2% on BofAML upgradeBajaj Auto gains over 2% on Bank of America upgrade
By Reuters | 14 Oct, 2014, 12.24PM IST
Shares of Bajaj Auto gained 2.9 per cent as Bank of America-Merrill Lynch upgraded its outlook to "buy" from "underperform".
()
Shares of Bajaj Auto gained 2.9 per cent as Bank of America-Merrill Lynch upgraded its outlook to "buy" from "underperform".
The company cited higher volume and average selling prices, and increased contribution from dirt-bike making affiliate KTM .
It said July-September results would reflect some of the rising sales price trend, but profits would likely be flattish.
The company's July-Sept earnings are due later in the day.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Barclays cuts target price on DLF to Rs 159 apieceYou are here: Home > Collections > Sebi
DLF plunges over 24% on Sebi ban; Barclays cuts target price
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 14, 2014, 10.15AM IST
Tags:
BSE
(Regulatory action stems…)
NEW DELHI: Shares of India's biggest real estate company, DLF, plunged as much as 24.3 per cent to Rs 111.25, also its new 52-week low in early trade on Tuesday, a day after the stock market regulator Sebi barred DLF and six of its top executives including chairman K P Singh from accessing stock markets for a period of three years.
The regulatory action stems from the DLF management's failure to disclose material information to investors during the firm's equity offer in 2007 to raise Rs 9,187 crore.
At 09:40 a.m.; DLF was trading 18.5 per cent lower at Rs 119.50. It hit a low of Rs 111.25 and a high of Rs 132.05 in morning trade today on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
On the National Stock Exchange , DLF was trading 18.6 per cent lower at Rs 119.50. It hit a 52-week low of Rs 111.20 and a high of Rs 132.25 in trade today.
The Sebi verdict on DLF sends a singular message to not only investors of realty stocks but also to stake holders of companies with shoddy corporate governance practices, ET said in a report.
The news is likely to hit the entire real estate sector negatively and investors are advised to stay away from these sectors as of now and look for companies with strong balance sheet, say analysts.
The BSE Realty index was the top loser among other sectoral indices on the BSE, down over 6 per cent, led by losses in DLF, Unitech, Indiabulls Real Estate, Sobha Developers and Godrej Properties .
"This is big news and it will impact entire Realty sector and stock negatively. Big giants like HDIL, Indiabulls Real Estate and Unitech may continue southward journey. Investors should to stay away from these sectors as of now," said Vivek Gupta,CMT - Director Research, CapitalVia Global Research Limited.
There is a strong possibility that investors stuck with DLF stock may dump the shares to move on to companies with strong balance sheets and consistent track record in terms of growth.
Gupta is of the view that on daily charts DLF has a strong support of 120, one can expect deep correction if it break the major support of 120.
It is anticipated that DLF will challenge the Sebi's order in the Securities Appellate Tribunal.
Reacting to the Sebi order, DLF in a press note clarified that its Board wishes to reassure its investors and all other stakeholders that it has not acted in contravention of law either during its initial public offer or otherwise.
"DLF and its board were guided by and acted on the advise of eminent legal advisors, merchant bankers and audit firms while formulating its Offer documents," said the note.
DLF said that it will defend itself to the fullest extent against any adverse findings and measures contained in the Order passed by SEBI.
Barclays reduces target price:
Global investment bank, Barclays is of the view that even though DLF can appeal this Sebi order, we believe this along with other recent adverse regulatory rulings and weak demand environment does not augur well for DLF.
While valuations appear cheap (0.9x FY16E book), Barclays maintain EW rating on the stock but they have reduced their target price to Rs 159 due to macro and regulatory headwinds
We believe that the SEBI order can potentially impact CCPS conversion plans of DLF. Weak demand environment and regulatory issues remain key downside risks while faster correction in interest rates is a key upside risk, said the investment bank.
FEATURED ARTICLES

DLF shares tank 25% on Sebi s 3-year ban orderStock tanks 28%, DLF may have to lower prices
Vandana Ramnani , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 14, 2014
First Published: 09:31 IST(14/10/2014) | Last Updated: 01:37 IST(15/10/2014)
Comments
DLF’s shares tanked over 28% Tuesday, a day after the market regulator barred India’s biggest realtor from selling shares for three years, triggering concerns about its ability to fund projects and repay loans.
Analysts said the Securities Exchange Board of India’s (SEBI’s) Monday ruling could force DLF to lower property prices, leading to an overall correction in the National Capital Region given the company’s market leadership in the region, analysts said.
“We expect this capital-market ban to result in a meaningful price correction as DLF liquidates unsold inventory in its completed projects to generate operating cash flows,” Ambit, a brokerage firm, said in a research report.
The company, credited with building Gurgaon, commands nearly 60% market share in the glitzy Millennium City that borders the Capital.
“If it ends up selling land and development projects and ongoing projects at a discounted rate, it will have an impact on the overall real estate-market sentiment,” said a real estate consultant, who did not wish to be identified.
“DLF’s inability to access capital markets could impact its fund-raising programme,” Macquarie research said. “DLF, in this case, would have to resort to large asset sales to reduce debt in the future.”
Buyers are worried, too. “We see our projects in danger now. We doubt that they will be completed on time. People who have invested all their savings in these projects are anxious now,” said Sanjay Jain, secretary of the Capital Greens Flat Buyers Association, a DLF residential project in Moti Nagar, New Delhi.
DLF had failed to meet the 2012 deadline for the handover of flats that were still incomplete, Jain said. They are now planning to take the company to court.
DLF is India’s most indebted property developer. As of June 30, its borrowings stood at Rs. 19,064 crore, higher than the market value of Rs. 18,701.33 crore.
The SEBI blow wiped Rs. 6,000 crore off its value Tuesday when its stock plunged 28.5 % to Rs. 104.15.
The company might need to dig deep into its commercial properties put out on rent, analysts said. “The only saving grace in its portfolio are assets that earn annual rentals of more than Rs. 2,100 crore. It can always — in the worst case scenario — sell these income-producing assets to generate more than Rs. 20,000 crore which is equal to their total debt,” said another consultant on condition of anonymity.
SEBI has barred the company and six top executives, including promoter-chairman KP Singh, from accessing the securities market, choking its options to raise fresh funds.
The move came after seven years of investigation into the charges that the realtor didn’t give complete information when it went public in 2007.
In recent years, DLF has faced a welter of problems including angry lawsuits by customers upset with project delays and political controversies surrounding its alleged links with Robert Vadra, son-in-law of Congress president Sonia Gandhi.
DLF has promised to “defend itself to the fullest extent” against the accusations and said it was “confident of the vindication of its stand”.

DLF @ life low  plunges over 26%: Is it a buy after the sharp declineYou are here: Home > Collections
DLF at life low post Sebi ban; Is it a buy after this sharp fall
Oct 14, 2014, 10.47AM IST
Tags:
ban
(Shares of India's biggest…)
MUMBAI: Shares of north-based realty major DLF plunged over 24 per cent in early trade after stock market regulator Sebi barred DLF, promoters and few employees from securities markets for three years.
The regulator found the company guilty of "active and deliberate suppression" of material information at the time of its public offer.
The order means that DLF will be prohibited from issuing of equities to raise funds and other instruments such as REITs and debentures.
Meanwhile, the company has reassured investors and other stakeholders that it has not acted in contravention of law either during its initial public offer or otherwise.
"DLF and its board were guided by and acted on the advise of eminent legal advisors, merchant bankers and audit firms while formulating its Offer documents. DLF will defend itself to the fullest extent against any adverse findings and measures contained in the Order passed by SEBI," the company clarified.
According to analysts, while the company is expected to appeal against the order, the stock will remain under pressure due to the recent negative newsflow.
Most brokerages have lowered the target price despite the stock's availability at cheap valuations. The orther adverse legal orders include Punjab and Haryana High Court's cancellation of 350 acres of land allocation at Wazirabad in Gurgaon and CCI's penalty of Rs 630 crore on the company.
Analysts at Deutsche Bank are of the view that though the SEBI order will not materially alter the company's operations, it will push forward any plans for further equity issuance and also postpone value-unlocking in rent-yielding commercial portfolio through REITs.
"We are not overly worried about the diminished prospects of deleveraging as the company has now reduced leverage to ~0.6x. However, we do believe that a spate of unfavorable judicial/regulatory pronouncements can suppress sentiment," the Deutsche Bank report said.
The SEBI ban may prevent the proposed merger of DLF Cyber City Developers Limited (DCCDL) into DLF. Moreover, refinancing its total non-bank debt, which amounts to ~45 per cent of its FY14 net debt of Rs 198 billion, may come under pressure, say analysts at Edelweiss.
"This is the third negative legal development for DLF in the past two months, post cancellation of Wazirabad land allocation and CCI's penalty payment order of Rs 6.3 billion. While we currently have a 'BUY' on DLF based on valuations, we believe the stock will come under pressure given successive legal / regulatory setbacks," Edelweiss report said.
Meanwhile, Standard Chartered has maintained its Outperform rating on the stock.
"We remain confident on annuity portfolio ramp-up and balance sheet consolidation. However, positive FCF and sales portfolio recovery may come only by 1QFY16, in our view. Negative news flow, such as adverse judgements from various authorities and potential local government changes, remain near-term overhangs on the stock, in our view," the report said.
Morgan Stanley remains underweight on the stock following the recent near-term earnings challenges, high dependence on the sluggish Gurgaon market, poor pipeline of older projects/delay in new launches and stretched balance sheet.
Following are brokerages ratings on DLF post SEBI order:
At 10:20 a.m.; the stock was at Rs 114, down 22.29 per cent, on the BSE. It plunged 24.16 per cent to touch intraday low of Rs 111.25.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex sinks over 100 points  Nifty below 7850; realty index down 6% post DLF banYou are here: Home > Collections
Sensex pare gains, Nifty tests 7900; BSE Realty index down 6%
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 14, 2014, 11.08AM IST
Tags:
BSE
(The whole real estate sector…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex which rallied as much as 166 points in trade on Tuesday, pared most of its gains and was trading in a range, led by losses in Infosys, ITC, TCS and Tata Motors.
At 11:08 am, the Sensex was at 26,275.25; down 108.82 points.
The Nifty was at 7,844.15; down 40.1 points.
The whole real estate sector remained under pressure after the stock market regulator Sebi barred DLF and six of its top executives including chairman K P Singh from accessing stock markets for a period of three years.
DLF plunged as much as 24 per cent on the BSE to hit its 52-week low of Rs 111.25. The stock was trading 17 per cent lower at Rs 120.85 at 09:40 a.m.
The BSE Realty index was the top loser among other sectoral indices on the BSE, down 6 per cent followed by BSE FMCG index and IT index which were trading 0.53 per cent and 0.54 per cent lower.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also pared gains and slipped below its crucial psychological level of 7900.
Reliance Industries rose as much as 2.3 per cent to hit its intraday high of Rs 980, after the oil & gas major reported a 1.7 per cent rise in net profit at Rs 5,972 crore for the three months to September.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index was up 0.29 per cent and BSE S&P Smallcap Index edged higher by 0.42 per cent.
Bajaj Auto (up 2.3 per cent), RIL (up 1.6 per cent), Axis Bank (up 1.4 per cent), Bharti Airtel (up 1.3 per cent) and SBI (up 1.2 per cent) were among the major Sensex gainers.
Hindalco (down 1 per cent), Tata Steel (down 0.73 per cent), Infosys (down 0.60 per cent), Hero MotoCorp (down 0.56 per cent) and ITC (down 0.87 per cent) were the major index losers.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Indian football gets a Rs 600 crore kick out...Indian football gets a Rs 600 crore kick out of ISL
ET Bureau Oct 14, 2014, 05.51AM IST
Tags:
All India Football Federation
(Backers feel event will…)
KOLKATA: Brand football has got its biggest boost so far in the country with the Indian Super League, which kicked off on Sunday, attracting total spend of around Rs 600 crore, as per estimates by the All India Football Federation (AIFF).
Reliance Industries, co-promoter of the Indian Super League (ISL), believes the new league — that brings many international stars and the glamour and pomp of Bollywood to Indian football — will help the country improve its world football ranking significantly from 158 at present and eventually play the FIFA World Cup. "That's the ultimate objective," Mukesh Ambani, chairman and managing director at Reliance Industries, told ET.
"Look at Kuwait and how they came all out of the blue into the World Cup. If Kuwait can, why can't India?" Ambani said RIL will fully support the development of soccer in India. "The ultimate objective of the new league is to raise the bar of the game to the extent that India can send a team to the World Cup," he said. "The quality of Indian football is going to improve more. This is just the beginning and to achieve that ultimate goal whatever is needed will be done. From my side, I am always there."
Ambani's point was endorsed by Bollywood superstar Amitabh Bachchan . "It will take time, it's just the beginning of this new league. We need to cultivate players," he said. "Kolkata is the home ground for football, this is where the country's club concept was born. So there is a strong possibility of the World Cup dream getting realised sooner or later, there is no doubt about it," Bachchan told ET at the inaugural ISL party on Sunday. His son Abhishek Bachchan, who is co-owner of the Chennai team, said, "The league has just started and every team will go from strength to strength as we progress, a clearer picture will emerge." Other celebrities owning ISL teams include Sachin Tendulkar, MS Dhoni, Sourav Ganguly, Hrithik Roshan , Ranbir Kapoor and John Abraham.
One thing is already clear: there's no shortage of funds. ISL — co-promoted by RIL, IMG Worldwide and Star India — has already attracted several corporate sponsors including consumer electronics giant Samsung that joined on board in the last moment. Others backing the event include PepsiCo , Hero, Amul, Muthoot Group, Puma, Dr Reddy's Lab and Maruti Suzuki.
FEATURED ARTICLES

% DLF cracks 26%  erases $1.2 bn of investor money | Mega wealth creators on D-StBSE
(Shares of India's biggest…)
MUMBAI: Amid growing uncertainty over DLF's future, its stock price tanked 28% — the biggest single day fall since its listing in 2007 —and investor activists demanded that the stock be taken off the bellwether index, the Nifty. On Tuesday, DLF's market capitalisation fell by Rs 7,439 crore to Rs 18,701 crore as investors offloaded DLF shares, pushing the scrip to a new low of Rs 105.
The Sebi report against DLF's promoters was uploaded on the Sebi website after trading hours on Monday. F&O activity during the day indicates that some traders may have anticipated bad news. Since early trades on Monday, there was a jump in creation of bearish bets by traders. The stock fell as much as 4% during the day. What happened on Monday was very different from the trades that were cut in the previous four trading sessions when many were pruning their bearish bets on the stock. Between the previous Wednesday (Oct 8) and Friday (Oct 10) open interest (OI), or traders' outstanding buy-sell positions, on the DLF stock futures fell by 17% even as the price of the stock futures contract gained over 7% to Rs 153.1. When OI falls along with a rise in the stock price, it means covering of short positions.
However, on Monday before Sebi made the report public, this trend seemed to have changed with OI increasing by 2.12 lakh shares as the price declined by almost 4%. This indicates the creation of bearish bets by the time the market closed at 3:30 pm on Monday. A rise in open interest, accompanied by a fall in price of a stock, means creation of fresh short positions.
Besides, there was a spurt in activity on the DLF options counter. The open interest in DLF's call options of '150-strike' - the level at which traders have built positions -- jumped 27% to 15.44 lakh shares even as the option price or premium declined by 37% from the previous session. This indicates some traders sold call options to pocket premiums on expectations that the DLF share price would decline.
Even as the broader market and other real estate stocks recovered after an early fall on Monday, DLF shares closed 3.5% down. This suggests that some of the operators continued to hold on to their bearish bets till Monday's closing.
FEATURED ARTICLES

FIIs pull out Rs. 800 crore from stock marketNew Delhi, October 12, 2014
Updated: October 12, 2014 12:03 IST
FIIs pull out Rs. 800 crore from stock market
PTI
foreign investment
The outflow comes after overseas investments in the stock market hit seven months low in September.
Overseas investors have pulled out nearly Rs. 800 crore from the Indian stock market since the beginning of this month, mainly on account of profit booking.
In comparison, the debt market saw huge inflow of over Rs. 6,300 crore during the period.
Foreign investors were gross buyers of equities worth Rs. 20,252 crore till October 10 and sellers to the tune of Rs. 21,038 crore — a net outflow of Rs. 786 crore (USD 128 million), according to the latest data.
The outflow comes after overseas investments in the stock market hit seven months low in September.
Market experts attributed the outflow to profit booking and consolidation in the equity market.
“We have witnessed an outflow in this month mainly due to profit booking and the market is also in a consolidation mode,” CNI Research Head Kishor Ostwal said.
He further said that the long-term prospects of staying invested in India are still positive.
Overseas investors (Foreign Institutional Investors or Foreign Portfolio Investors) had pumped in a little over Rs. 5,100 crore in Indian equity markets in September, making it the lowest net investment since February when they had infused Rs. 1,404 crore.
Since the beginning of this year, foreign investors have infused a net amount of Rs. 82,651 crore (USD 13.75 billion) into the share market, while they invested a net of Rs. 1.25 lakh crore into the debt market (USD 20.6 billion).
From the beginning of June, FIIs along with sub-accounts and qualified foreign investors have been clubbed together by capital market regulator SEBI to create a new investor category called FPIs.

Indian American closes gap in poll battle for Silicon Valleyprint
Ro Khanna with a supporter in California. (HT photo)
As US mid-term elections approach, a new poll shows an Indian American is closer than ever to represent Silicon Valley in the House of Representatives, unseating the incumbent.
The challenger, Ro Khanna, had trailed the incumbent, Mike Honda, both Democrats, miserably for weeks — by a massive 20 points when anyone last took a measure.
They are now in “dead heat”, according to a poll released by Khanna’s campaign on Monday — both of them tied at 38%, with 24% of respondents still undecided.
But the Honda campaign hit back swiftly with its own poll findings showing the congressman holding on to his lead, although marginally shaved down to 15 points.
Khanna and Honda are locked in a battle for California’s Congressional District 17,
which is home to Silicon Valley’s tech titans Apple, Yahoo, Facebook, Intel and eBay.
Yahoo’s Marissa Mayer and Facebook’s Sheryl Sandberg are among many of Khanna’s early Silicon Valley backers — with contributions to his campaign funds and endorsements.
Honda has represented the constituency seven times (each term of two years) and, being of Japanese descent, he has also been somewhat of a paterfamilias for Asian Americans.
He mentored Ami Bera, for instance, the only Indian American in the House of Representatives. Bera has not endorsed Khanna, and recently refused to discuss the contest when asked.
Many Indian Americans are actually rooting for Khanna to lose, for taking on Honda, but they are mostly those living outside the constituency, and even the state.
Khanna dismisses them as DC insiders, the kind of people, and culture, he is running against, much like President Barack Obama when he ran first for the White House in 2008.
There are policy and personnel similarities.
Many Team Obama operatives are now with Khanna. The memo on Khanna catching up with Honda was issued by Jeremy Bird, top field organizer for Obama in 2008 and 2012.
Bird said the new poll showed the election, if held today, could end in a “photo finish”, which was a “tremendous turnaround” from the primaries four months ago.
Khanna had finished second then, which qualified him for the general election in California’s electoral system, but by what had then looked like an unbridgeable gap.
But can Khanna pull it off?
“Ro’s a friend, but he has a tough row to hoe,” said Toby Chaudhuri, a former White House advisor and strategist for presidents Obama and Bill Clinton.
Poll positions tighten in the final stretch, Chaudhuri said, but he believes Khanna may have stretched himself, and his resources, too thin for him to last the distance.

Hundreds of alleged Dropbox passwords leakedHundreds of alleged Dropbox passwords leaked
Reuters
print
Hundreds of alleged usernames and passwords for online document-sharing site Dropbox were published on Monday on Pastebin, an anonymous information-sharing website.
The anonymous user, who claims to have hacked close to 7 million accounts, is calling for Bitcoin donations to fund the operation.
"We will keep releasing more to the public as donations come in, show your support," the anonymous Pastebin user said on the site.
Dropbox, however, said it has not been hacked.
"These usernames and passwords were unfortunately stolen from other services and used in attempts to log in to Dropbox accounts. We'd previously detected these attacks and the vast majority of the passwords posted have been expired for some time now. All other remaining passwords have been expired as well," a Dropbox spokesman said in an email to Reuters.
Dropbox is a Silicon Valley startup that has proved a hit with consumers and boasts more than 200 million users six years after it was started. It has undergone tremendous growth amid the meteoric rise of cloud, which is expected to continue booming alongside mobile computing.
NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden last week advised those concerned about their privacy to "get rid of Dropbox" and cease using Facebook and Google.

Flipkart set to move into 3 million sqft off...Flipkart set to move into 3 million sqft office in biggest ever deal
By Boby Kurian & Anshul Dhamija, TNN | 14 Oct, 2014, 11.24AM IST
0
Share More
The deal, at Rs 52 per sqft, is likely to be inked as early as this week. Flipkart plans to absorb the entire office space in two phases, but in a record four to five years.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BANGALORE: India's biggest e-commerce company Flipkart has doubled its demand for office space to 3 million sqft, barely two-months after approaching top developers to lease 1.5 million sqft. Embassy Office Parks, the equal joint venture between Blackstone and Embassy Group, is favourite to bag this lease deal which is pegged to be the largest office space transaction in India in at least a decade.
The deal, at Rs 52 per sqft, is likely to be inked as early as this week. Flipkart plans to absorb the entire office space in two phases, but in a record four to five years. The e-commerce poster boy had short-listed Bangalore-based Bagmane Group and Embassy in a process advised by real estate consulting firm JLL.
Senior officials at Embassy Office Parks declined comment.
Flipkart, which is sitting on about $1.5 billion in cash, has already said that by the end of this financial year, its employee strength would be increased to 25,000 from 12,000 at the beginning of the year. In real estate parlance, 3-million sqft of office space could seat around 30,000 to 50,000 employees.
The breakneck growth of India's e-commerce market and Flipkart's aggression at the top would mean that hiring is likely to remain robust for the seven year-old-company co-founded by Sachin and Binny Bansal .
Rival Amazon has already leased out around 300,000 sqft of office space at the World Trade Centre in Bangalore , a tenth of the office space requirement that Flipkart is projecting.
The office deal with Embassy Office Parks will see Flipkart being housed in the 106-acre Embassy TechVillage, which has around 500,000 sqft of space that is yet to be leased of the 1.9 million sqft developed, with the potential for to develop anadditional 10 million sqft. of office space.
So far India's e-commerce leased about 600,000 sqft space in the first of the ongoing calendar, said a report by consultancy firm CBRE South Asia, adding that office space deals by the well funded startups were rising.
Sectoral experts said that India's real estate sector will gain from e-commerce. CBRE South Asia Deputy MD Ram Chandnani said e-commerce will stimulate demand for warehousing/logistics space for building back-end infrastructure, more than commercial office space.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

President invites Norwegian investment in in...You are here: Home > Collections > Norway
President Pranab Mukherjee invites Norwegian investment in India's infrastrucuture
IANS Oct 14, 2014, 12.15PM IST
Tags:
Norway
(He said the government wants…)
OSLO: Visiting Indian President Pranab Mukherjee has invited Norwegian businessmen to invest in India and to participate in "India's growth story".
In a speech at a banquet Monday night in his honour by King Harald V and Queen Sonja, Mukherjee said business sentiments in India were "positive and strong" and the new government was taking a number of measures to "encourage investments, revive the manufacturing sector in India, promote skill development, develop smart cities and engage closely with all interested partners and investors in India and abroad" to make this happen.
He said the government invited investors and entrepreneurs from Norway, an oil and gas-rich nation with one of the world's highest per capita incomes, to explore possibilities of investment in India's infrastructure sector.
"We welcome foreign direct investments in our railways, roads and ports, power and communications sectors; we invite Norwegian companies to join Indian counterparts in the 'Make in India' initiative of the new government and we are presently simplifying the procedures to facilitate their participation in India's growth story," said the president who is making the first state visit from India to Norway.
He said India welcomed the 'India Strategy' launched in 2009 by Norway and looked forward to new partnerships and collaborations in areas of common interest.
Mukherjee also lauded Norway's role in the "recognition of exceptional human endeavour", particularly through the institution of the Nobel Peace Prize, and said it was an "outstanding example of the lead taken by you in advancement of human and civilisational values".
The prize, announced last week in Oslo by the Nobel prize committee, jointly awarded the peace prize to Kailash Satyarthi of India and Malala Yousufzai of Pakistan, both activists for the cause of children.
He said India appreciated Norway's endorsement of "India's rightful claim to Permanent Membership of the United Nations Security Council" and "for your proactive efforts that helped India achieve Observer status in the Arctic Council".
The Arctic Council is becoming strategically very important as major nations jostle for a toehold there because of its latent reservoirs of oil and gas and because the Arctic Ocean could open in the foreseeable future to to an alternate international navigational route because of the melting of the polar icecaps due to global warming.
"Our bilateral co-operation has been no less fruitful. We have a very rewarding partnership in oil exploration and scientific research and are both keen to expand the scope of our collaborative efforts in earth sciences, bio-technology, clean energy, fishing and healthcare.
"I would like to thank the government of Norway for the assistance and support extended to India in establishing our Polar Research Station in Svalbard," he said.
India attaches great importance to its long standing friendship with Norway, the president said, underlining that "though our two nations are geographically distant from each other, we are bound by our common commitment to democratic values and practice and are both open, pluralistic societies".
Several bilateral agreements are scheduled to be signed Tuesday before the president leaves on the second leg of his North Europe trip to Finland where he is scheduled to cross the Arctic Circle.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bajaj Auto gains 2% ahead of Q2; net seen up 4% YoY; BofA ups stock to  buy  | Mkts @ 12You are here: Home > Collections > Ebitda
Bajaj Auto Q2 net profit seen up 4% YoY; BofA upgrades to 'buy'
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 14, 2014, 12.25PM IST
Tags:
Bajaj Auto
(The two-wheeler maker is…)
NEW DELHI: Bajaj Auto Ltd is scheduled to report its results for the quarter ended September 30 later today on Tuesday. Ahead of the results, BofA-ML upgraded the stock to 'buy' from 'underperform'.
The two-wheeler maker is expected to report 4 per cent YoY growth in its net profit number to Rs 870 crore for the quarter ended September 30, as compared to Rs 837 crore in the year-ago period, said an ET Now Poll.
Net sales are expected to grow by healthy 11 per cent YoY to Rs 5725 crore for the second quarter of the current financial year, as compared to Rs 5175 crore reported in the corresponding quarter of last fiscal.
Ahead of the results, the stock rose as much as 3.3 per cent to touch its intraday high of Rs 2429. It hit a low of Rs 2371.20 in trade today.
EBITDA is seen flat at Rs 1140 crore, in the second quarter of the financial year 2015, compared to Rs 1132 crore reported in the year ago period.
EBITDA margins are likely to contract to 20.3 per cent as compared to 21.8 per cent reported in the year ago period, weighed down by higher advertisement spends and new launches.
BofA-ML upgrades to 'BUY':
The global investment bank upgraded the stock to 'buy' from 'Underperform', and has also revised its target price to Rs 3,000 from Rs 2,105 earlier.
The upgrade is based on (1) a sharp increase in EPS forecasts (7% and 15% ahead of Street over FY16-17E), and (2) a higher 19x P/E FY16E (vs. 14.5x).
Bajaj Auto's core EBITDA margin has bottomed, in our view. Despite continuing pressure in commuter motorcycles, Barclays expect margins to rise 110bps through to FY17E (from 19.6% last quarter).
FEATURED ARTICLES

DLF cracks 26%  erases $1.2 bn of investor money; Barclays cuts TPBSE
(Shares of India's biggest…)
MUMBAI: Amid growing uncertainty over DLF's future, its stock price tanked 28% — the biggest single day fall since its listing in 2007 —and investor activists demanded that the stock be taken off the bellwether index, the Nifty. On Tuesday, DLF's market capitalisation fell by Rs 7,439 crore to Rs 18,701 crore as investors offloaded DLF shares, pushing the scrip to a new low of Rs 105.
The Sebi report against DLF's promoters was uploaded on the Sebi website after trading hours on Monday. F&O activity during the day indicates that some traders may have anticipated bad news. Since early trades on Monday, there was a jump in creation of bearish bets by traders. The stock fell as much as 4% during the day. What happened on Monday was very different from the trades that were cut in the previous four trading sessions when many were pruning their bearish bets on the stock. Between the previous Wednesday (Oct 8) and Friday (Oct 10) open interest (OI), or traders' outstanding buy-sell positions, on the DLF stock futures fell by 17% even as the price of the stock futures contract gained over 7% to Rs 153.1. When OI falls along with a rise in the stock price, it means covering of short positions.
However, on Monday before Sebi made the report public, this trend seemed to have changed with OI increasing by 2.12 lakh shares as the price declined by almost 4%. This indicates the creation of bearish bets by the time the market closed at 3:30 pm on Monday. A rise in open interest, accompanied by a fall in price of a stock, means creation of fresh short positions.
Besides, there was a spurt in activity on the DLF options counter. The open interest in DLF's call options of '150-strike' - the level at which traders have built positions -- jumped 27% to 15.44 lakh shares even as the option price or premium declined by 37% from the previous session. This indicates some traders sold call options to pocket premiums on expectations that the DLF share price would decline.
Even as the broader market and other real estate stocks recovered after an early fall on Monday, DLF shares closed 3.5% down. This suggests that some of the operators continued to hold on to their bearish bets till Monday's closing.
FEATURED ARTICLES

DLF makes for a buy after the sharp correctionYou are here: Home > Collections
DLF at life low post Sebi ban; Is it a buy after this sharp fall
Oct 14, 2014, 10.47AM IST
Tags:
ban
(Shares of India's biggest…)
MUMBAI: Shares of north-based realty major DLF plunged over 24 per cent in early trade after stock market regulator Sebi barred DLF, promoters and few employees from securities markets for three years.
The regulator found the company guilty of "active and deliberate suppression" of material information at the time of its public offer.
The order means that DLF will be prohibited from issuing of equities to raise funds and other instruments such as REITs and debentures.
Meanwhile, the company has reassured investors and other stakeholders that it has not acted in contravention of law either during its initial public offer or otherwise.
"DLF and its board were guided by and acted on the advise of eminent legal advisors, merchant bankers and audit firms while formulating its Offer documents. DLF will defend itself to the fullest extent against any adverse findings and measures contained in the Order passed by SEBI," the company clarified.
According to analysts, while the company is expected to appeal against the order, the stock will remain under pressure due to the recent negative newsflow.
Most brokerages have lowered the target price despite the stock's availability at cheap valuations. The orther adverse legal orders include Punjab and Haryana High Court's cancellation of 350 acres of land allocation at Wazirabad in Gurgaon and CCI's penalty of Rs 630 crore on the company.
Analysts at Deutsche Bank are of the view that though the SEBI order will not materially alter the company's operations, it will push forward any plans for further equity issuance and also postpone value-unlocking in rent-yielding commercial portfolio through REITs.
"We are not overly worried about the diminished prospects of deleveraging as the company has now reduced leverage to ~0.6x. However, we do believe that a spate of unfavorable judicial/regulatory pronouncements can suppress sentiment," the Deutsche Bank report said.
The SEBI ban may prevent the proposed merger of DLF Cyber City Developers Limited (DCCDL) into DLF. Moreover, refinancing its total non-bank debt, which amounts to ~45 per cent of its FY14 net debt of Rs 198 billion, may come under pressure, say analysts at Edelweiss.
"This is the third negative legal development for DLF in the past two months, post cancellation of Wazirabad land allocation and CCI's penalty payment order of Rs 6.3 billion. While we currently have a 'BUY' on DLF based on valuations, we believe the stock will come under pressure given successive legal / regulatory setbacks," Edelweiss report said.
Meanwhile, Standard Chartered has maintained its Outperform rating on the stock.
"We remain confident on annuity portfolio ramp-up and balance sheet consolidation. However, positive FCF and sales portfolio recovery may come only by 1QFY16, in our view. Negative news flow, such as adverse judgements from various authorities and potential local government changes, remain near-term overhangs on the stock, in our view," the report said.
Morgan Stanley remains underweight on the stock following the recent near-term earnings challenges, high dependence on the sluggish Gurgaon market, poor pipeline of older projects/delay in new launches and stretched balance sheet.
Following are brokerages ratings on DLF post SEBI order:
At 10:20 a.m.; the stock was at Rs 114, down 22.29 per cent, on the BSE. It plunged 24.16 per cent to touch intraday low of Rs 111.25.
FEATURED ARTICLES

DLF cracks 26%  erases $1.2 bn of investor money | Mega wealth creators on D-StBSE
(Shares of India's biggest…)
MUMBAI: Amid growing uncertainty over DLF's future, its stock price tanked 28% — the biggest single day fall since its listing in 2007 —and investor activists demanded that the stock be taken off the bellwether index, the Nifty. On Tuesday, DLF's market capitalisation fell by Rs 7,439 crore to Rs 18,701 crore as investors offloaded DLF shares, pushing the scrip to a new low of Rs 105.
The Sebi report against DLF's promoters was uploaded on the Sebi website after trading hours on Monday. F&O activity during the day indicates that some traders may have anticipated bad news. Since early trades on Monday, there was a jump in creation of bearish bets by traders. The stock fell as much as 4% during the day. What happened on Monday was very different from the trades that were cut in the previous four trading sessions when many were pruning their bearish bets on the stock. Between the previous Wednesday (Oct 8) and Friday (Oct 10) open interest (OI), or traders' outstanding buy-sell positions, on the DLF stock futures fell by 17% even as the price of the stock futures contract gained over 7% to Rs 153.1. When OI falls along with a rise in the stock price, it means covering of short positions.
However, on Monday before Sebi made the report public, this trend seemed to have changed with OI increasing by 2.12 lakh shares as the price declined by almost 4%. This indicates the creation of bearish bets by the time the market closed at 3:30 pm on Monday. A rise in open interest, accompanied by a fall in price of a stock, means creation of fresh short positions.
Besides, there was a spurt in activity on the DLF options counter. The open interest in DLF's call options of '150-strike' - the level at which traders have built positions -- jumped 27% to 15.44 lakh shares even as the option price or premium declined by 37% from the previous session. This indicates some traders sold call options to pocket premiums on expectations that the DLF share price would decline.
Even as the broader market and other real estate stocks recovered after an early fall on Monday, DLF shares closed 3.5% down. This suggests that some of the operators continued to hold on to their bearish bets till Monday's closing.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bajaj Auto gains 2% ahead of Q2; net seen up 4% YoY; BofA ups stock to  buy  | Mkts @ 1Sensex off highs, Nifty tests 7850 levels; top 20 intraday bets
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 14, 2014, 01.02PM IST
Tags:
BSE
(Tracking the momentum,…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex which rose as much as 166 points reversed gains and turned negative in mid-morning trade on Tuesday, led by losses in ITC, HDFC, TCS and ICICI Bank.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also came under pressure and was trading near its crucial psychological support level of 7850, weighed down by losses in realty, metal and FMCG stocks.
At 1:00 p.m; the 30-share index was at 26,323.36, down 60.71 points or 0.23 per cent. It touched a high of 26,550.79 and a low of 26212.01 in early trade.
The Nifty was at 7860, down 24 points or 0.31 per cent. It touched a high of 7,928 and a low of 7825.45 in early trade.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
Adani Enterprises Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 445 and a stop loss of Rs 462
Tata Steel Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 435 and a stop loss of Rs 460
Yes Bank Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 615 and a stop loss of Rs 590
Crompton Greaves Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 221 and a stop loss of Rs 200
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
State Bank of India is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2600 and a stop loss of Rs 2495
JustDial Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 1590 and a stop loss of Rs 1665
LIC Housing Finance Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 350 and a stop loss of Rs 324
Titan Company Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 375 and a stop loss of Rs 397
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
BHEL is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 234 and a stop loss of Rs 218
LIC Housing Finance Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 348 and a stop loss of Rs 327
JSW Steel Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 1065 and a stop loss of Rs 1140
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
Bajaj Auto Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2470 and a stop loss of Rs 2370
BHEL Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 230 and a stop loss of Rs 216
LIC Housing Finance Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 340 and a stop loss of Rs 320
Abhishek Karande, CMT, Technical Analyst - Institution Research, SBICAP Securities
BHEL is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 245 and a stop loss of Rs 214
Bharat Forge Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 825 and a stop loss of Rs 757
LIC Housing Finance Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 370 and a stop loss of Rs 315
Mayank Mehta, Derivative Analyst, KIFS Securities
LIC Housing Finance Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 350 and a stop loss of Rs 320
Glenmark Pharma Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 780 and a stop loss of Rs 715
CESC Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 695 and a stop loss of Rs 725
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Here s the shortlistauthors and poets
The six shortlisted authors for The Hindu Prize, 2014 (clockwise): Anita Nair, Shovon Chowdhury, Hansda Sowvendra Shekhar, Shashi Deshpande, Ashok Srinivasan and Deepti Kapoor. One of the six novelists will win The Hindu Prize 2014. Read what our panel of judges has to say about the books.
Shovon Chowdhury: The Competent Authority In his first novel, Shovon Chowdhury presents two of the most terrifying possibilities that India may be faced with: a nuclear strike, and a free market for every possible thing, including human limbs. Drawing these two strands together into a single future not too far away, The Competent Authority is a savagely satirical exploration of the way this can change people, society, governance, politics, law and order, and daily life. A breakaway from contemporary trends in the English novel in India, The Competent Authority brims with a manic and mordant energy that marks it out as a remarkably original work of fiction.
Shashi Deshpande: Shadow Play The best poems, W. B. Yeats suggests somewhere, manage to hold justice and reality in a single thought without doing violence to either. At its best, Shashi Deshpande’s fiction reaches this condition too, as is amply evident in Shadow Play. Moreover, writing in an age when the pressure of fleeting ‘topicality’ is turning novelists into journalists, Deshpande achieves that most difficult of novelistic endeavours: to write beautifully and interestingly about ordinary life. In Shadow Play, she captures, once again, the many nuances of a certain domestic situation in urban India – and in the process leaves behind a more telling trace of our times than many louder novels about terrorists or cyber-cities can manage.
Deepti Kapur: A Bad Character The simplistic title belies a deeper query into the nature of 'badness' which should be distinguished from villainy or wickedness. The story revolves around the narrator, a young woman revelling in the free spirit of cosmopolitan Delhi, experimenting with books, romance, clothes, food, people, drugs, and much else. Into this youthful scenario comes Prince Charming in wolf's clothing, quite reversing the formula of seduction. Entry to this unknown and challenging world upsets many assumptions of polite society and there's the catch. Told in racy language, the headlong plunge into metropolitan madness captures every nerve with excitement.
Anita Nair: Idris, Keeper of the Light Anita Nair's Idris, Keeper of the Light, retains the essential poetry of the ballad from which the narrative takes off. Set in 17th century India, the novel woven around Idris, a restless Somalian trader and compulsive traveler, is at the same time a passionate love story, a tale of adventure that takes the readers to the Malabar of the Zamorin, the opulent Ceylon, and the bewitching diamond mines of Golconda and the celebration of the abiding bond between a father and a son he is late to discover. What makes the novel enchanting is its dreamy, legend-like quality unmarred by its wealth of detail.
Hansda Sowvendra Shekhar: The Mysterious Ailment of Rupi Baskey Hansda Sowvendra Shekhar's first novel, The Mysterious Ailment of Rupi Baskey, is a courageous journey into a world almost entirely ignored by contemporary English fiction in India: the tribal life, with all its attendant contradictions and conflicts. Journeying through the lives of several generations of Santhal inhabitants of what is present-day Jharkhand, and using the women's perspective as the narrative filter, this novel adventurously employs fiction as a framework for delving into folklore, tribal religion, human behaviour and family histories. The outcome is a surprisingly deviant voice in storytelling, sometimes confused and convoluted, sometimes with rough edges and broad strokes, but still worthy of close attention.
Ashok Srinivasan: The Book of Common Signs This collection of stories is full of quiet surprises. The stories are carefully structured, yet playful and quirky in a cerebral way. They cover a great deal of ground with equal facility – from hutments and streets to middle class homes. Whether it is the emotional power of intimacy, the multiple lives of a single mind, or the terrors of difference and separation, real people live them out. Throughout there is a simmering tension between the real and the imagined. The language is suggestive, framing and saying just the right amount and withholding when necessary; metaphors, images and insights are embedded neatly in the narrative. Despite the occasional waywardness, which comes as a pleasant shock, these sophisticated stories are executed with great restraint.
MEET THE JUDGES
K. Satchidanandan, perhaps the most widely translated of contemporary Indian poets and a Nobel nominee, has 23 collections of his poetry in 19 languages including English, Irish, Arabic, French, German and Italian. His book While I Write: New and Selected Poems (Harper-Collins) came out in 2011. Satchidanandan writes poetry and prose in Malayalam and English and has more than 20 collections of poetry besides several books of travel, plays and criticism and translations of poetry from around the world in Malayalam and five books on Indian literature in English. He is a Fellow of the Kerala Sahitya Akademi and has won 32 literary awards and fellowships including the Sahitya Akademi Award, Kerala Sahitya Akademi Award five times, Knighthood of the Order of Merit from the Government of Italy and India-Poland Friendship Medal from the Government of Poland. A film on him, Summer Rain was released in 2007.
Arunava Sinha translates classic, modern and contemporary Bengali fiction and non-fiction into English. Thirty of his translations have been published so far. Twice the winner of the Crossword translation award, for Sankar's Chowringhee (2007) and Anita Agnihotri's Seventeen (2011), respectively, he has also been shortlisted for The Independent Foreign Fiction prize (2009) for his translation of Chowringhee. Besides India, his translations have been published in the U.K. and the U.S. in English, and in several European and Asian countries through further translation. He was born and grew up in Kolkata, and lives and writes in New Delhi.
Githa Hariharan has written novels, short fiction and essays over the last three decades. Her highly-acclaimed work includes The Thousand Faces of Night, which won the Commonwealth Writers Prize for Best First Book in 1993, the short story collection The Art of Dying, and the novels The Ghosts of Vasu Master, When Dreams Travel, In Times of Siege and Fugitive Histories. Hariharan also edited A Southern Harvest and From India to Palestine: Essays in Solidarity. Her collection of essays called Almost Home: Cities and Other Places has just been published by HarperCollins India. Hariharan's fiction has been translated into a number of languages and she has been Visiting Professor or Writer-in-Residence in several universities, including Dartmouth College and George Washington University in the United States, the University of Canterbury at Kent in the U.K., and Jamia Millia Islamia in India. She is currently Writer-in-Residence in Singapore.
Born and educated in Bihar, Tabish Khair published a number of critically-acclaimed collections of poetry — including Where Parallel Lines Meet (2000) and Man of Glass (2010) — and novels. His novels have been translated into various languages and shortlisted for a dozen major awards, including the Man Asian Prize, the Encore Award and The Hindu Literary Prize (2010). He has also written or edited several ground-breaking studies and anthologies, including Babu Fictions: Alienation in Contemporary Indian English Novels (2001) and Other Routes: 1500 Years of African and Asian Travel Writing (2005). Apart from contributing to major academic and literary journals, he writes regularly for The Hindu in India and papers in U.K. His latest novel is How to Fight Islamist Terror from the Missionary Position. Khair now lives in Denmark.
Prof. Malashri Lal is currently the Dean of Colleges at the University of Delhi and was also the Head of the English department. With a specialisation in women’s studies, she has published 10 books including the highly-acclaimed Law of the Threshold: Women Writers in Indian English. Recently she has co-edited In Search of Sita and Chamba-Achamba: Women’s Oral Narratives. Malashri has served on international book award committees including the Commonwealth Writers Prize and the DSC Prize for South Asian Literature.

Bold and alone in poll battleUpdated: October 13, 2014 01:34 IST
Bold and alone in poll battle
Sanjay Kumar
state politics
The Bharatiya Janata Party stands to gain as the default beneficiary in multi-cornered contests in Maharashtra and Haryana
There is little doubt that the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and the Shiv Sena would have won a comfortable majority in Maharashtra had they not broken their 25-year-old alliance and contested together. In Haryana too, the BJP would have been in a much stronger position if it had contested along with the Haryana Janhit Congress (HJC). Only a few months ago in the Lok Sabha election, the BJP and the Shiv Sena had swept Maharashtra along with their smaller allies winning 42 out of the 48 seats. The National Democratic Alliance had polled 51.3 per cent of the popular votes. In Haryana, the BJP-HJC combine had won 7 out of the 10 seats and polled 40.9 per cent of the votes. The BJP led in 52 Assembly segments in the State while the HJC led in seven Assembly seats. As only a few months have passed since the Lok Sabha election, the BJP and its allies continue to enjoy a honeymoon period.
These Assembly elections would have hardly been a contest had there been no political realignment . Instead of a near certain victory with its allies in the two States, the BJP seems to have chosen a relatively difficult path by going it alone.
Coalition era and mandates
The fact that senior leaders of the party hardly made an attempt to avoid the breakdown of the alliance in Maharashtra indicates that the party was probably looking for an excuse to break the alliance and wanted to ensure that it doesn’t come across as the culprit. Even in Haryana, the BJP decided to dump its ally soon after the Lok Sabha election. The question is what prompted the BJP to take this gamble?
In election rallies in both Maharashtra and Haryana, Prime Minister Narendra Modi stressed the end of the coalition era in Indian politics. The 2014 Lok Sabha election saw the BJP coming to power on its own with a majority. It was the first party to achieve this in three decades. Mr. Modi had appealed to voters to vote decisively and give a clear majority to the BJP. While it might be too early to conclude that the coalition era is indeed over, one could argue that compared to earlier years, parties have got more decisive mandates in recent Assembly elections. The graphic shows that in many States the proportion of seats won by the winning party/alliance in the latest Assembly election has been much higher compared to the average in elections held post-1989. For example, in Assam, the Congress won almost 62 per cent of the seats as compared to the average of less than 50 per cent. Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Assam and Odisha saw clear mandates despite multi-cornered contests.
Projecting a leader
It was perhaps this emerging trend that the BJP had kept in mind while deciding to take this gamble. We believe that it is incorrect to take this pattern as a definite trend and expect a clear majority in each State. If one looks at the States closely, one realises that the incumbent government had been re-elected in most of the States in which the winning party got a decisive mandate. What contributed to the magnitude of the victory was probably the high popularity which Chief Ministers such as Nitish Kumar, Shivraj Singh Chouhan and Naveen Patnaik enjoyed in their States. Thus, in the absence of a strong State leader in both Maharashtra and Haryana, it might be incorrect to automatically assume that the BJP could be heading towards a clear majority. What remains to be seen is the impact of the party’s inability to project a clear leader in Maharashtra following the death of Gopinath Munde and the lack of a strong Jat face in Haryana. It has failed to project anyone as the party’s leader in the two States. Even if the voters want to vote for the BJP and see a BJP government in power, they would nevertheless like to also have an idea of who their Chief Minister would be. Will voters still vote for the party which does not have any chief ministerial candidate or will they get attracted to Shiv Sena leader Uddhav Thackeray in Maharashtra and a Jat Chief Minister in Haryana?
Voters’ choices
The anti-BJP votes are likely to be split among various parties
Also, there is a need to study the merits of the argument that individual voters have now started delivering decisive mandates. A basic problem with this argument is that a voter decides who to vote for at the constituency level and has multiple choices in terms of parties. In the post-poll survey conducted by the Centre for the Study of Developing Societies during the 2014 Lok Sabha election, almost one-fourth (23 per cent) of voters decided whom to vote for a few days before the election, and voted for a party which they thought was most likely to win. Being a sizeable proportion, it is indeed difficult to believe that this group will swing mainly towards a single party. Some of these voters may vote for the party they consider more likely to win in their constituency, while some others may vote for the party they consider more likely to win in the State. The real problem is that the “others” in this case could end up being the entire electorate.
We are in no way ruling out a possibility of the BJP getting a clear majority in Maharashtra and Haryana. The party stands to be the default beneficiary of the multi-cornered contest. The anti-BJP votes are likely to be split among various parties and only the BJP stands to gain in such a situation. Whether this will be enough for it to gain in terms of seats is yet to be seen. Nevertheless, this election will definitely help the BJP in expanding spatially and in its endeavour to becoming the centre of Indian politics.
(Sanjay Kumar is professor and director, Centre for the Study of Developing Societies, and Pranav Gupta is a researcher with Lokniti, a research programme of CSDS.)

Cotton output expected to be 400 lakh balesUpdated: October 13, 2014 20:56 IST
Cotton output expected to be 400 lakh bales
M. Soundariya Preetha
economy, business and finance
The Consultative Committee of the Cotton Advisory Board, which met in Mumbai on Monday, has estimated cotton production at 400 lakh bales this year (October 2014 to September 2015).
This is the first meeting of the board for the season. The area under cotton has increased in major cotton growing States — Gujarat, Maharashtra, Andhra Pradesh and Telangana.
“Production last year was 398 lakh bales, and we are expecting a record crop this season,” said Southern India Mills’ Association Chairman T. Rajkumar. Cotton consumption by textile mills is expected to be 275 lakh bales, and this will be just five per cent more than the previous season. Last year, there was 12 per cent growth in consumption. With the government’s pro-active policy, the textile industry would be able to benefit from high production, Mr. Rajkumar said.
Import is estimated to be seven lakh bales this year as against nearly 10 lakh bales last year, and exports are likely to be 90 lakh bales as against 117 lakh bales.
The season had just begun, and there might be pressure on prices till January/February, 2015. The expectation was that there might be MSP (Minimum Support Price) operation by the Cotton Corporation of India later in the season, said industry sources.
The price of Shankar 6 variety of cotton was Rs.34,000 a candy on Monday.
Indian Cotton Federation Vice-President K. N. Viswanathan said the volume of buying by domestic textile mills was not effective enough now to hold the prices at the current level. With arrivals increasing in the coming weeks, prices may decline.

Missing North Korea leader Kim Jong reappears after 40 daysWithin days of China questioning the prolonged and unexplained absence of North Korean leader, Kim Jong Un from public life, Pyongyang on Tuesday released undated photographs of Kim in an apparent attempt to quell speculation about the young dictator's ill-health.
Kim looks health, and smiling, in the photographs though he is seen carrying a walking stick.
The official Rodong Sinmun agency of North Korea published the photos, which according to official sources in the state media were taken while Kim was visiting a new residential complex for scientists
It did not say when the photos were taken.
“Kim walked with a walking stick when he gave field guidance to a newly built residential district for scientists, the official KCNA news agency reported on the same day, echoing reports that he was recovering from a leg injury,” China’s official news agency, Xinhua, reported Tuesday.
Kim was last seen in public on Septe3mber. 3 when he watched the performance of the Moranbong Band with his wife Ri Sol Ju at the Mansudae Art Theater.
“His longest absence from public events since he took power has drawn the world's attention and fueled speculations about his health,’’ the Xinhua report said.
It added that Kim was shown walking with a limp on the Korean Central Television on July 8 at a “commemorative event marking the 20th anniversary of the death of his grandfather and former leader Kim Il Sung”.
According to a Tuesday report in the official North Korean agency, KCNA, “Kim expressed satisfaction after he learned in detail about the construction of the newly built Wisong Scientists Residential District”.
“Watching the exterior of the apartment houses and public buildings nicely decorated with diverse color tiles, he was very pleased to see them. He said they looked very attractive, presenting fantastic scenery,” the report added..
The KCNA said Kim also visited the newly built Natural Energy Institute of the State Academy of Sciences on the same day without giving the exact date he made the visits.

Cyclone Hudhud : Essential items in short supply  Modi to visit Vizag todayPrime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday announced an interim relief of Rs. 1000 crore to Andhra Pradesh for the devastation  caused by Cyclone Hudhud in Vishakapatnam and other coastal areas. 
  
Tidal waves hit the Vizag beach as Cyclone Hudhud reaches Visakhapatnam. (PTI Photo)
Tidal waves hit Vizag beach as cyclone Hudhud reaches the port city of Visakhapatnam. (PTI Photo)
Fishermen negotiate their skiff through rough waves ahead of Cyclone Hudhud on Saturday. (AFP Photo)
People look at a sea tide at Vizag on Sunday. (PTI Photo)
A man carries his wife to safety after a wave hits a beach in Gopalpur in Ganjam district, Odisha. (Reuters)
A view of Visakhapatnam city due to Cyclone hudhud on Sunday. (Arun Sharma/HT Photo)
Huge waves hit the beach in Visakhapatnam on Sunday. (AFP Photo)
People move during rain in Berhampur near Gopalpur sea beach as cyclone Hudhud looms. (PTI photo)
NDRF jawans depart from their Mundali headquarters to the districts that could be hit by Cyclone Hudhud in Bhubaneswar on Friday. (PTI Photo)
Odisha Disaster Rapid Action Force (ODRAF) personnel who are to be deployed ahead of a new upcoming Cyclone Hudhud in Ganjam district, in Bhubaneswar. (Arabinda Mahapatra/HT photo)
Large waves buffet the coastline as Cyclone Hudhud makes landfall in Visakhapatnam. (AFP photo)
Residents of seaside village Satabhaya are rescued after their boat sank in Bausagali river in Odisha's Kendrapada district on Saturday. (Arabinda Mahapatra/ HT Photo)
"The Centre is fully with the people of Andhra pradesh. Both governments are working hand in hand," Modi told reporters at Vishakapatnam.
Modi made the announcement after visiting parts of the worst-affected port city and a review meeting with chief minister N. Chandrababu Naidu and top officials.
Modi, who made an aerial survey of the affected areas of both north coastal Andhra and Odisha, also declared Rs. 2 lakh from Prime Minister's Relief Fund for families of each of those killed and Rs. 50,000 to every injured.
He said the cyclone caused huge losses at a time when he was planning to develop Visakhapatnam into a smart city. He, however, exuded confidence that the central and state government will work together to overcome the challenge.
Naidu had earlier sought Rs. 2,000 crore as interim assistance and also wanted Modi to declare it a national calamity.
.
 
 
 Modi said the Centre and Andhra Pradesh government worked in perfect coordination "minute-to-minute" over the past five days to tackle the challenge posed by the cyclone which claimed 24 lives and left a trail of devastation in the coastal areas.
 
The local bodies, he said, also rose up to the task."It is important to note that a crisis of any magnitude can be overcome if the state and Centre work should-to-shoulder," he said.
       
The prime minister said the meteorological department had correctly forecast from October six itself the different aspects of the cyclone like its velocity, direction and time, leveraging the power of technology.
       
"The use of technology has helped in overcoming this crisis," the prime minister said.
      
Modi appreciated the residents of Visakhapatnam for following the directions of the government with discipline at the time of crisis, helping save precious lives..
More than 50 hours after Cyclone Hudhud struck , there is a severe shortage of  essential commodities in port city of Vishakapatnam, with people scrambling for milk, drinking water, vegetables and petrol even as power supply is yet to be restored.
 
Some residents complained that they are not getting drinking water and milk. Long queues were seen at petrol stations, where people have milled around for refill.
 
A resident pleaded with folded hands: "For people of Visakhapatnam, please give drinking water and other essential commodities. I have not seen such a bad situation in my life."
 
"The drinking water and milk costing Rs. 20 each are being sold for Rs. 50 as black-marketeers are having a field day," an angry resident said.
The water supply in Visakhapatnam would be restored by this evening, chief minister Naidu said. "We are procuring tankers from East Godavari, West Godavari, Krishna and Guntur districts. By evening, all would be able to take bath," he said.
 
"Some people are selling essential items at high prices. It is not fair to try to exploit the situation. We have taken a decision to provide packages of food items in all cyclone-hit areas," he said.
Authorities worked to restore communication lines, removing trees and electric poles and were trying to get air and train services back on track after strong winds damaged railroads and the airport.
“We need at least 100 years to rebuild our beautiful city,” said a worker, cutting an uprooted tree outside the collectorate.
The Visakhapatnam airport has been damaged with passenger terminals ravaged and the roof blown away.
 
The fishing harbour here also bore the brunt of the cyclone fury with scores of boats getting sunk and damaged, officials said.
  Relief teams were working round the clock to restore essential services, Visakhapatnam district collector N Yuvraj said.
The government is using Facebook, Twitter and WhatsApp to reach out to people.
Chief minister Naidu, who took a tour of some of the worst-hit areas on Tuesday, also visited a petrol pump to find out from the residents about the problem.
The state government, aided by NDRF and army personnel, began a massive relief operation on a war footing and facilitated flow of traffic on some of the major roads by removing the debris.
Besides Visakhapatnam, the other north coastal Andhra districts of Srikakulam, Vizianagaram and East Godavari have suffered widespread damage.
The gusty winds, with a speed of 170-180 kmph uprooted trees, electric poles and roofs of thatched houses all over the city when the storm made landfall and crossed the coast on Sunday last.

Amazon Ops face FDI scrutiny | Uber service ...Amazon’s India operations face FDI scrutiny to check the policy compliance
Deepshikha Sikarwar, ET Bureau Oct 14, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Amazon
(“Is the model followed…)
NEW DELHI: The government has begun a close examination of Amazon's local operations to see if it's in compliance with the country's foreign direct investment (FDI) policy following the Seattle-based online seller's run-in with the Karnataka government's commercial taxes department.
The scrutiny follows a request by the Karnataka state government to the finance ministry that it has forwarded to the department of industrial policy and promotion (DIPP), two government officials familiar with the development told ET.
"Is the model followed by the company compliant with the FDI policy," the communication to DIPP says asking it to examine the structure closely. India does not allow FDI in businessto-consumer or B2C e-commerce, while 100% FDI is allowed in business-to-business or the B2B category. DIPP will look at Amazon's business in India and check whether what it does is in compliance with FDI policy.
Although India opened up the multi-brand retail sector to as much as 51% FDI, the new government is yet to clarify its stance on the policy. The BJP poll manifesto was against such a move.
The new government has also not spelt out its stance on FDI in B2C ecommerce. The DIPP had in January floated a discussion paper inviting comments from all stakeholders on the FDI policy for ecommerce including caps and conditions. But no call has been taken as yet.
Amazon has entered the Indian retail segment by acting as a marketplace for buyers and sellers. The company said it complies with all laws.
"We don't comment on regulatory issues," a company spokesperson said in an email. "Amazon.in, a marketplace platform operated by Amazon Seller Services Pvt . Ltd, is in compliance with FDI regulations. We have a continually growing pool of over 11,500 sellers of all sizes using our platform to serve their customers and grow their businesses." To ensure speedy delivery of goods, the company has set up seven fulfilment centres across the country that allow merchants to store their goods, for which they are charged a fee. Amazon pays service tax on the fee to the central government.
Merchants show Amazon's fulfilment centre as an additional place of business and give branch certificates referring to the online seller's warehouse.
The state VAT authorities, however, are treating Amazon as a commission agent, and wants it to pay its levies accordingly. If that premise is accepted, things could get complicated.
A company registered as a commission agent would indirectly become a seller, which would be in violation of the FDI policy. The state government has sought clarity on the FDI policy and Amazon's structure here.
In the interim, it has asked state VAT authorities not to cancel branch certificates issued to about 50 dealers of Amazon. The state government, keen to ensure Karnataka remains a preferred destination for online companies, is also ready to review its tax laws. Some online players including Flipkart and Myntra are under the scanner of the Enforcement Directorate that examines violations of the Foreign Exchange Management Act.
FEATURED ARTICLES

California parrot that vanished for 4 years returns speaking SpanishCalifornia parrot that vanished for 4 years returns speaking Spanish
Reuters
Los Angeles, October 14, 2014
First Published: 10:31 IST(14/10/2014)
print
The owner of a parrot that spoke English with a British accent says the bird went missing for four years, only to return speaking Spanish and asking for someone named Larry, a Southern California newspaper reported on Monday.
Darren Chick told the Daily Breeze newspaper that he doesn't know where African grey parrot Nigel has been for four years but that aside from the language switch, the bird is doing fine back at home.
"He's doing perfect," Chick told the paper. "It's really weird, I knew it was him from the minute I saw him."
Nigel was discovered in the back yard of a Torrance couple who run a dog grooming business and originally was thought to belong to Teresa Micco, who had placed an ad for her own missing parrot, the Breeze reported.
When Micco, a veterinarian's technician, realized that Nigel wasn't her bird, she was able to trace him via the original sales records to Chick, who was stunned to recover his lost bird after four years, the paper said.

Brent drops close to $88 in well-supplied oi...The global oil benchmark has declined more than 20 per cent from the 2014 high in June as supplies rose and demand slowed in the United States, Europe and China.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SINGAPORE: Brent crude fell to just above $88 a barrel on Tuesday in a well-supplied market as expectations faded that OPEC could cut output in an effort to shore up prices.
The global oil benchmark has declined more than 20 per cent from the 2014 high in June as supplies rose and demand slowed in the United States, Europe and China.
Investors expecting a production cut from OPEC to support prices were disappointed as Saudi Arabia and Kuwait played down the possibility of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries reducing output.
OPEC, which produces about 40 per cent of the world's crude oil, is due to meet in late November to discuss output targets.
"There's been market chatter that Saudi Arabia is unlikely to cut production in the November meeting so that's probably playing on the market," said Ankit Pahuja, a commodity strategist at ANZ in Melbourne.
"Seasonally, it's a weak point. We think there's more scope for recovery in November and December."
Brent crude fell 52 cents a barrel to $88.37 by 0645 GMT after touching $87.74 on Monday, the lowest since December 2010. The November contract expires on Thursday.
U.S. crude dropped 48 cents a barrel to $85.26 after it pared sharp intraday losses on Monday to settle down 8 cents.
"There was probably some positivity that came out of the China data yesterday," Pahuja said. Underlying oil demand in the world's top energy consumer was still "quite strong", he said.
China posted a strong rebound in commodities imports in September, including a 13 per cent rise in crude oil imports compared with August.
Despite the recent price slump, some analysts expect oil markets to recover ahead of peak winter demand in the Northern Hemisphere.
"We see the potential for a positive bounce into year-end, particularly given extremely bearish sentiment and positioning," Morgan Stanley analysts said in a note.
"Even if OPEC is not overly responsive before year-end, which we expect, fundamentals have turned, which should eventually lift crude prices."
Investors are looking ahead to weekly oil inventories data from the United States for price direction.
U.S. commercial crude stocks were forecast to have increased in the week ended Oct. 10, while refined products likely fell, according to a Reuters survey ahead of the inventory reports out of the world's biggest oil consumer.
Industry group the American Petroleum Institute (API) will issue its report on Wednesday, and the U.S. Department of Energy's Energy Information Administration (EIA) will follow with its weekly data on Thursday. The reports have been delayed a day due to Monday's Columbus Day holiday.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Sebi finds ex Tata Fin MD guilty of illegal ...Sebi finds former Tata Finance MD Dilip Pendse guilty of illegal trades
PTI Oct 14, 2014, 01.09PM IST
Tags:
Dilip Pendse
(Sebi ruled that Pendse has…)
MUMBAI: In a high-profile case dating back to over 12 years, Sebi has found former Tata Finance Managing Director Dilip Pendse had executed "illegal transactions" in stocks of four firms including Infosys and erstwhile Telco.
The latest order, which has been passed after years of probe and various directions issued by Sebi itself and the Securities Appellate Tribunal in between, prohibits Pendse from accessing capital markets for two years.
While the present order, passed yesterday, comes into effect immediately, Sebi said that the period of prohibition already undergone by Pendse (imposed by an earlier order dated December 24, 2012) would be taken into account while implementing the new directive.
Amid a public spat between him and the Tata group, Pendse was removed as Tata Finance chief way back in 2001 after a company subsidiary ran huge mark-to-market losses and the group also filed criminal charges against him. While Pendse refuted all charges, which included those related to fraud, he also had to spend time in jail.
Sebi has passed the latest order after the Securities Appellate Tribunal (SAT) quashed Sebi's December 24, 2012 directive against Pendse and asked the regulator to pass a fresh order "on merits and in accordance with law as expeditiously as possible and in any event within a period of six months".
The SAT gave these directions on April 16, 2014. Giving the background of the case, Sebi said it began its probe after receipt of a complaint in October 2002 from Tata Finance about Pendse conducting "illegal carry forward transactions in the scrips of Himachal Futuristic Communications Ltd (HFCL), Tata Engineering and Locomotive Company Ltd (presently known as Tata Motors), Infosys and Software Solutions India Ltd (SSI).
These illegal transactions were conducted by Pendse in complicity with two brokers -- Jhunjhunwala Stockbrokers Pvt Ltd and Pratik Stock Vision -- and on behalf of Inshaallah Investments, in which a Tata Finance subsidiary (Niskalp Investment and Trading) had a vital interest, according to SEBI.
After investigating the case, Sebi issued a show-cause notice in April 2009 to Pendse, citing violations to its Prohibition of Fraudulent and Unfair Trade Practices Regulations. An order was passed by Sebi subsequently on December 24, 2012, which was challenged by Pendse before SAT.
Following SAT's directions earlier this year, Sebi said, it gave an opportunity of personal hearing to Pendse and has passed the latest order after looking into all the facts of the case and submissions made before it.
FEATURED ARTICLES

DLF cracks 26%; how Sebi verdict impacts the stock and investorsYou are here: Home > Collections > Sebi
What Sebi order means for DLF stock and investors
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 14, 2014, 03.44PM IST
Tags:
Deutsche Bank
(The ban on DLF is different…)
MUMBAI: Realty major DLF plunged 28 per cent in trade today to close at Rs 104.95, a day after market watchdog Sebi barred the company and its promoters for three years. What does it mean for the stock and the investors who are holding the shares of the company?
The ban on DLF is different from the penalty that Sebi levies against companies for non-adherence of compliances of certain listing conditions.
Unlike suspending the stock from trading , which would affect the non-promoters' group negatively, Sebi, in 2013, introduced a standard operating procedure for exchanges.
As per the SOP, listed entities for non-compliance due to non-submission and/or delay in submission of reports/documents to exchanges are fined on a daily basis. If non-compliance continues for two consecutive quarters, the exchanges can move the stock to 'Z' category, where the trades are settled on a trade-for-trade basis.
Over this, if the non-compliance continues, the exchange can freeze shares of promoters and promoter group. If the company still fails to submit relevant documents then the company's shares will be suspended.
This is not the case with DLF.
Now, talking about investors. What does the Sebi ban mean for investors:
According to analysts, while the company is expected to appeal against the order, the stock will remain under pressure due to the recent negative newsflow.
Most brokerages have lowered the target price despite the stock's availability at cheap valuations. The other adverse legal orders include Punjab and Haryana High Court's cancellation of 350 acres of land allocation at Wazirabad in Gurgaon and CCI's penalty of Rs 630 crore on the company.
Analysts at Deutsche Bank are of the view that though Sebi order would not materially alter the company's operations, it will push forward any plans for further equity issuance and also postpone value-unlocking in rent-yielding commercial portfolio through REITs.
"We are not overly worried about the diminished prospects of deleveraging as the company has now reduced leverage to about 0.6x. However, we do believe that a spate of unfavorable judicial/regulatory pronouncements can suppress sentiment," the Deutsche Bank report said.
The Sebi ban may prevent the proposed merger of DLF Cyber City Developers (DCCDL) into DLF. Moreover, refinancing its total non-bank debt, which amounts to ~45 per cent of its FY14 net debt of Rs 198 billion, may come under pressure, say analysts at Edelweiss.
"This is the third negative legal development for DLF in the past two months, post cancellation of Wazirabad land allocation and CCI's penalty payment order of Rs 6.3 billion. While we currently have a 'BUY' on DLF based on valuations, we believe the stock will come under pressure given successive legal / regulatory setbacks," Edelweiss report said.
Meanwhile, Standard Chartered has maintained its Outperform rating on the stock.
"We remain confident on annuity portfolio ramp-up and balance sheet consolidation. However, positive FCF and sales portfolio recovery may come only by 1QFY16, in our view. Negative news flow, such as adverse judgements from various authorities and potential local government changes, remain near-term overhangs on the stock, in our view," the report said.
Morgan Stanley remains underweight on the stock following the recent near-term earnings challenges, high dependence on the sluggish Gurgaon market, poor pipeline of older projects/delay in new launches and stretched balance sheet.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Samsung Galaxy Note 4 launched for Rs 58 300Samsung Galaxy Note 4 launched for Rs 58,300
By Karan Bajaj, ET Bureau | 14 Oct, 2014, 01.02PM IST
The Note 4 features a 5.7-inch super amoled display with a resolution of 2560 x 1440 pixels.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: On the heels of the Apple iPhone 6 launch in India, Samsung has launched its new flagship smartphone, the Galaxy Note 4 for Rs 58,300. Along with the Note 4, Samsung also announced the launch of its new smartwatch, Samsung Gear S for Rs 28,900.
Commenting at the launch, Asim Warsi , VP, Mobile & IT, Samsung India said, "The launch of Galaxy Note 4 highlights Samsung's commitment to deliver iconic and differentiated products. The new device exhibits people inspired innovation with its unique combination of an enhanced S Pen, large and vivid display and superior productivity features to provide the most refined Galaxy experience to our customers. Samsung has significantly contributed to the wearable industry by taking the lead in offering unique smart wearable's and the launch of Gear S will further set a new standard in the mobile communication space."
The Note 4 features a 5.7-inch super amoled display with a resolution of 2560 x 1440 pixels. It uses the same metal frame as the Samsung Galaxy Alpha with a faux leather finish on the rear panel. The phone runs the latest Android 4.4 and is powered by a 2.7 Ghz quad core Snapdragon 805 processor, 3GB RAM, 32GB storage and a 3,220mAh battery. Other features include microSD slot for expansion (up to 128GB supported), 3G, WiFi, WiFi Hotspot, Bluetooth 4.1, NFC, IR port, USB host support and heart rate sensor.
Notably, the Galaxy Note 4 is the first smartphone from Samsung to feature a 16MP camera with optical image stabilisation that is also capable of doing 4k video recording. Samsung claims that the Smart optical image stabilization eliminates hand shake and helps take long exposure images in low light with ease. It also has a front 3.7MP camera capable of recording video in full HD resolution.
As usual with any Galaxy Note device, the Galaxy Note 4 comes with a pressure sensitive S-Pen stylus. The stylus slots inside the device and has been improved from its predecessor. There are also a suite of dedicated apps to use with the stylus on the Note 4 for taking notes, editing images and multi-tasking.
The Note 4 has vernacular language support and comes preloaded with 14 regional Indian languages. As part of introductory offer, Vodafone users will get 1GB 3G data for two months if they have active data packs. For new Vodafone users who do not have a data pack activated on their number, they will get 2GB of data for two months with the Galaxy Note 4.
Apple iPhone 6 Plus vs Samsung Galaxy Note 4
of 8
Apple iPhone 6 Plus vs Samsung Galaxy Note 4
Karan Bajaj, ET Bureau
Both Apple and Samsung have announced their new flagship devices in September.
While the iPhone 6 is expected to be available in India from October 17, Samsung Galaxy Note 4 should arrive towards the end of September.
We are expecting both phones to be priced above Rs 50,000 when they arrive.
Here is a quick comparison in case you are confused in choosing out of the two.
1. Display
The iPhone 6 Plus has a 5.5-inch IPS display with a resolution of 1920 x 1080 pixels (401 ppi pixel density).
In addition, the iPhone uses shatter proof glass, which can safe your phone from accidental drops. In comparison, the Samsung Galaxy Note 4 has a slightly larger 5.7-inch super amoled display with a resolution of 2560 x 1440 pixels (515 ppi pixel density) and uses Gorilla Glass 3.
Clearly on paper, the Samsung has a bigger and better display.
Also, super amoled tends to show richer colors in comparison. However, in terms of sharpness, you will not be able to distinguish between the two from naked eye.
2. Size and Weight
While the Samsung Galaxy Note 4 weighs 176 grams, the iPhone 6 Plus weighs 172 grams.
The iPhone 6 is slimmer and narrower (77.8mm width, 7.1mm slim) by a few mm compared to the Note 4 (78.8mm width, 8.5mm slim).
But in terms of length, the iPhone is bigger even though it has a smaller display than the Note 4.
Thanks to metal unibody design, the iPhone 6 looks much better than the Note 4.
3. Hardware
In terms of Hardware, the Galaxy Note 4 is way ahead of the iPhone 6 Plus on paper.
The Note 4 is powered by Qualcomm Snapdragon 805/Exynos Octa core processor and has 3GB RAM.
In comparison, the iPhone 6 Plus runs on a dual core Apple A8 processor with 2GB RAM.
However, when it comes to performance, both the phones would most likely perform the same in terms of apps and games on their respective operating system.
4. Storage
This is a big weak point of the Apple iPhone 6.
The Galaxy Note 3 has 32GB internal storage that can be expanded by another 128GB using microSD card.
The iPhone 6 Plus comes with non-expandable storage variants of 16/64/128GB - the price of the phone increases with more storage.
Next

Book revisits magical moments of Sachins final TestNew Delhi, October 13, 2014
Updated: October 13, 2014 14:39 IST
Book revisits magical moments of Sachin’s final Test
PTI
PTI Master blaster Sachin Tendulkar. File photo
TOPICS
cricket
Sachin Tendulkar’s final Test appearance has been revisited in a new book which tries to capture all the excitement and emotion during the two and a half days of the match.
“Final Test: Exit Sachin Tendulkar” by writer-journalist Dilip D’Souza is a close scrutiny of Tendulkar’s last Test played at the Wankhede in November last year. Besides minute details of the match, both on and off-field, the writer also teases out larger issues that plague the game, in India as well as overseas.
He builds on close and detailed observation of those two and a half days, capturing all the hysteria it spawned, the love and adulation that showered from the rafters at the Wankhede and the choking emotion.
“Final Test” discusses cricket from the old to the new, as Tendulkar took to the pitch one final time.
“It’s tough to find words to describe what the crowd is doing, as he walks down the stairs and onto the field... We all knew this moment would be the loudest, most raucous of all -- besides being worthy of capturing on virtual film -- and yet even so I don’t think I could have anticipated the wall of sheer noise that rises out of the stadium,” he says about the crowd anticipating Tendulkar on the field.
“It’s an almost physical presence, this song of adoration for this icon to a country. It’s almost as if Tendulkar has to push through it, part of crashing waves, to find his way to the middle,” he writes.
Tendulkar scored 74 in the only innings that he played in the match. India won the match by an innings and 126 runs.
“Could Tendulkar have left the game like that? All through this last Test, his fans have plotted ways that they’d get a final glimpse of him -- yet another final glimpse of him. Given that, they’d have been hugely disappointed had we all, together, not played out this extended goodbye.
“No, the conclusion seems inescapable. He might have chosen the venue and the time, but the manner of his departure was not his to choose. As Anjali Tendulkar confessed in an interview during the Test, she has got used to the idea that her husband belongs first to India, then to her and his family,” the book, published by Random House India, says.
Sport, according to the author, is invariably filled with instantly proclaimed historic moments, of course: a rare Indian Test win at Lord’s, or Nadal knocked out of Wimbledon early.

Kotak Mahindra Bank launches Facebook-based money transferbanking
Private sector lender Kotak Mahindra Bank (KMB) on Monday launched a Facebook-based instant fund transfer service wherein one can send money to friends on the social media network real time, for free.
“This is a bank agnostic product, the sender and the receiver may not be our account holders. We have used the IMPS platform on the National Payments Corporation of India (NPCI) network to make this possible,” KMB’s executive vice president and head of digital initiatives, Deepak Sharma, told PTI over phone.
At present, a sender can initiate fund transfer to any person through mobile phone, courtesy the IMPS infrastructure.
The IMPS platform has 28 banks under it and account holders of any of these banks can use the newly launched service, Mr. Sharma said, adding that there will be no charges for either sending or receiving the money.
KMB has worked closely with the Reserve Bank and the National Payments Corporation of India for it, he said.
The sender will have to register on a dedicated website for the initiative called ‘KayPay’ wherein he will have to give bank account details and the bank’s MMID, apart from personal credentials, Mr. Sharma said.
Once registered, the sender can initiate transactions and if the beneficiary is not registered on KayPay, he will be directed to a page to register for completed a transaction.
If the beneficiary is registered on KayPay, the transaction will be executed faster.
On the security front, Mr. Sharma claimed it is fully secure, even in the event of the Facebook account getting compromised as it uses two-factor authentication to complete a transaction. Additionally, there is also an expiry time for a transaction, he said.
KMB has set a limit of Rs 2,500 per transaction and a total of Rs 25,000 a month for sending, while a beneficiary may also not get more than Rs 25,000 a month, Mr. Sharma said.
“We wanted to make fund transfers for small amounts as less cumbersome as possible,” Mr. Sharma said.
It can be noted that at present, some lenders such as ICICI Bank allow fund transfers for their own account holders using Facebook.
Mr. Sharma declined to give any target of the transactions which the bank is targeting, but said that the scope is vast as there are at least 250 million Facebook users in the country having a bank account, who can benefit from it.

Go to civil court if Sankaracharya incites violenceNew Delhi, October 13, 2014
Updated: October 13, 2014 20:40 IST
Shirdi Sai Baba idols issue
'Go to civil court if Sankaracharya incites violence'
J. Venkatesan
laws
A PIL was filed after Swami Swaroopanand Saraswati had said that Sai Baba was not a God and hence should not be worshipped.
The Supreme Court on Monday refused to entertain a public interest writ petition for a direction to prevent removal of Sai Baba idols from Hindu temples across the country.
On June 23, Dwarka Peeth Shankaracharya Swami Swaroopanand Saraswati had said that Sai Baba was not a God and hence should not be worshipped. Thereafter his followers alleged that Sai Baba had no place in Hindu temples.
A Bench of Justices T.S. Thakur, A.K. Goel and R. Banumathi dismissed the PIL filed by Mumbai-based Saidham Charitable Trust. Justice Thakur told the counsel for the petitioner “if anyone takes law into his hands there are remedies in law and you (petitioner) can approach the civil court for taking action against that person.”
The counsel submitted that following the Sankaracharya’s statement Sai Baba’s idols were removed in four temples. He said the followers of Sankaracharya were inciting violence and wanted court to restrain the Centre and Maharashtra government to ensure that the idols of Sri Sai Baba were not illegally removed from any temple across the country and his devotees were not interfered, obstructed or hindered from worshiping.
Justice Thakur observed “what is this Hindu, Muslim? Hinduism is the way of life and this is not a matter to be managed by this court. If he (Sankaracharya) incites violence go to civil court."
Of the eleven prayers made by the petitioner trust, one sought to restrain the media from telecasting, broadcasting and publishing anything that was insulting or defamatory to Sai Baba of Shirdi and hurts the sentiments of his devotees and a direction for restoration of Sai Baba's idols from wherever they had been removed. After the observations of the bench, the petitioner withdrew his PIL.

United Nations snubs Pakistan on Kashmir issue; refuses to interveneYou are here: Home > Collections
United Nations snubs Pakistan on Kashmir issue; refuses to intervene
PTI Oct 14, 2014, 10.25AM IST
Tags:
India
(The Secretary-General…)
UNITED NATIONS: Pakistan's latest efforts seeking UN intervention on the Kashmir issue have failed to draw any new response from the world body which reiterated that India and Pakistan need to resolve all differences through dialogue to find a long-term solution to the dispute.
Sartaj Aziz, adviser to Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif on national security and foreign affairs, had written to UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon on the recent border tension with India and sought the UN's intervention, stepping up its attempts to internationalise the Kashmir issue.
In the letter to Ban, Aziz said Pakistan believes the UN has an important role to play in promoting the objective of peaceful resolution of the Kashmir issue, including through his "good offices".
Ban's deputy spokesperson Farhan Haq, when asked to comment on the letter seeking Ban's intervention and his viewpoint on the issue, told reporters yesterday he would refer to a statement that was issued last week by Ban's spokesperson in which the UN chief encouraged India and Pakistan to resolve all differences through dialogue and engage constructively to find a long-term solution for peace and stability in Kashmir.
The Secretary-General is "concerned about the recent escalation of violence along the Line of Control between India and Pakistan. He deplores the loss of lives and the displacement of civilians on both sides," said the statement.
A war of words between the two countries over the situation at the LoC took place last week at the UN General Assembly where India said that it was a "matter of deep regret" that Pakistan violated the ceasefire, in which eight people were killed and several others injured.
India made it clear that its armed forces are "fully ready" to respond to "provocation".
India also said that the onus of creating a positive environment for normalisation of relations is on Pakistan. The UN has long maintained an institutional presence in the contested area between the two countries.
The UN Military Observer Group in India and Pakistan (UNMOGIP) observes and reports on ceasefire violations along and across the LoC and the working boundary between the South Asian neighbours in Jammu and Kashmir, as well as reports developments that could lead to ceasefire violations.
India has however always maintained that UNMOGIP has "outlived its relevance" and has "no role to play whatsoever" on the issue.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ericsson keen to work on  Smart City  initia...Ericsson exploring opportunities around government's 'Smart City' initiative
Muntazir Abbas, ET Bureau Oct 14, 2014, 10.48AM IST
Tags:
Chris Houghton
(The Sweden-headquartered…)
NEW DELHI: Telecom gear maker Ericsson has said that it is exploring potential opportunities following the Indian government's 'Smart City' initiative, and plans to partner with customers to leverage its expertise in the Rs 7,000-crore strong project to create 100 smart cities.
'The Smart City' initiative by PM Narendra Modi is a good move, but we have to look at how ICT (information communication technology) could play a role into it. We are talking with regulators, service operators and their customers to leverage innovation-led solutions," Nishant Batra , senior vice president and head of engagement practices at Ericsson India, told ET.
The Sweden-headquartered ICT technologies giant is already working on similar projects worldwide. Driven by mobile technologies, it is offering solutions for city management including renewable energy, grid operations, sustainable homes, connected vehicles, and transport and ticketing.
Ericsson is optimistic of leveraging smart metering, public safety and remote health monitoring services in India while believing that government and industry should come together to do away with spectrum constraints and non-availability of affordable devices.
"M2M or machine-to-machine communications is a compelling preposition. Service operators should look at growth areas. In the next two years, telcos need to focus on it as it could be a major revenue driver, besides subscriber business," Batra said.
Ericsson, which is evaluating the "connected home" concepts with its partners, feels that infrastructure readiness is a key that could help M2M take off in India.
The $35 billion annual revenue generating company puts $5 billion in R&D, and is bullish about networked society campaign and in 2014, studied feasibility in 25 countries.
The company, as a part of its strategy, is focusing on varied sectors that include transportation and utilities, besides telco business.
Television and media, and utilities are doing well for us, Ericsson India head Chris Houghton said separately.
As a part of Media Vision 2020, the company, of late has come up with television and media products in the pay TV domain, and is investing heavily across TV and video-network space.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Cyclone Hudhud: Care to see destruction in picsCyclone Hudhud: Latest images of destruction
14 Oct, 2014
Tweet
Text: PTI
Cyclone Hudhud powered its way inland over eastern India, leaving a swathe of destruction but the loss of life appeared limited after tens of thousands of people sought safety in storm shelters.
In pic: People stand on boats damaged by strong winds caused by Cyclone Hudhud in Visakhapatnam.

SpiceJet still needs funds as turnaround ta...Save precious time tracking your investments
SINGAPORE: Budget carrier SpiceJet's top official warned the loss-making airline still needs new funding to anchor its turnaround efforts, even as its operating performance improves with higher revenue per seat amid reduced capacity.
"Our challenge is our legacy losses and this cannot be solved by operational cash flows alone, but by funding or recapitalisation," Sanjiv Kapoor , chief operating officer at India's No. 3 airline by market share as of August, said in an interview. SpiceJet previously said it was in "advanced" talks with an external entity to get funding.
"Hopefully in due course of time, we'll see some good news on that front," said Kapoor, speaking late on Monday at a conference organised by consultancy CAPA.
Battling competition in an industry plagued by some of the world's steepest operating costs and cheapest fares, SpiceJet plunged to a first-quarter net loss of Rs 124 crore in April-June. This followed a record loss in the year to March 2014.
"All the operational metrics and financial metrics are pointed in the right direction," said Kapoor. "Load factors are going up, RASK (revenue per available seat kilometre) is going up, CASK (cost per available seat kilometre) is going down. Low-season losses are reducing and in high season we expect to be back in profits."
Controlled by billionaire Kalanithi Maran's Sun Group , SpiceJet has slashed costs, overhauled its management team and is pursuing a strategy of heavily discounting advance sales to fill up seats. SpiceJet has cut capacity by reducing its fleet to 35 Boeing 737 aircraft from 42 in December.
Nearly all Indian carriers are losing money amid overcapacity in the industry, with the sector forecast to rack up losses of up to $1.4 billion this year, CAPA says.
Kapoor, who took charge at SpiceJet a year ago after stints at Bain & Company, Temasek and Northwest Airlines, said SpiceJet's April-June operating profit of Rs 9 crore before restructuring and one-off costs showed that it's on the way to a gradual recovery.
"I would hope that if we start measuring from October to September next year and you look back in the 12 months, we would come to the conclusion that that is the 12 months when we administered our turnaround," said Kapoor.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Pizza Hut apologises for  Pink Fat Lady  customer tag on receiptPizza Hut apologises for 'Pink Fat Lady' customer tag on receipt
AFP
print
Pizza Hut Singapore has launched an investigation and apologised to a customer described as a "Pink Fat Lady" in a handwritten note on her receipt after she ordered pizza for take away.
Aili Si on Sunday posted on Pizza Hut Singapore's Facebook page a photo of the receipt, saying she felt insulted at the description.
"I don't think it is nice for your staff to describe me as such on my receipt," she wrote in a comment accompanying the photo which showed the receipt for her take out order.
The receipt had a handwritten note at the bottom that read "Pink Fat Lady", apparently to identify her as she waited for her order.
"As a customer I definitely hope to be treated with basic respect deserved by any others. I hope to receive an apology from the staff and Pizza Hut," she wrote on Facebook.
"Just feel insulted. What's wrong being plus size? I'm a customer n I pay for my pizza! Not that I'm get it for free!" she added in her post.
Pizza Hut later issued a statement apologising "unreservedly" and confirmed it had launched an investigation into the matter.
"This incident goes against our corporate values and we do not condone behaviour or actions that offend people," said the statement signed by the management and staff.
One Facebook reader said the staff could just have described her as "lady in pink" without emphasising her size, while another suggested she should be given "a lifetime of free pizzas".

Bajaj Auto gains 2% ahead of Q2; net seen up 4% YoY; BofA ups stock to  buy  | Street @ 1Sensex off highs, Nifty tests 7850 levels; top 20 intraday bets
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 14, 2014, 01.02PM IST
Tags:
BSE
(Tracking the momentum,…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex which rose as much as 166 points reversed gains and turned negative in mid-morning trade on Tuesday, led by losses in ITC, HDFC, TCS and ICICI Bank.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also came under pressure and was trading near its crucial psychological support level of 7850, weighed down by losses in realty, metal and FMCG stocks.
At 1:00 p.m; the 30-share index was at 26,323.36, down 60.71 points or 0.23 per cent. It touched a high of 26,550.79 and a low of 26212.01 in early trade.
The Nifty was at 7860, down 24 points or 0.31 per cent. It touched a high of 7,928 and a low of 7825.45 in early trade.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
Adani Enterprises Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 445 and a stop loss of Rs 462
Tata Steel Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 435 and a stop loss of Rs 460
Yes Bank Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 615 and a stop loss of Rs 590
Crompton Greaves Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 221 and a stop loss of Rs 200
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
State Bank of India is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2600 and a stop loss of Rs 2495
JustDial Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 1590 and a stop loss of Rs 1665
LIC Housing Finance Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 350 and a stop loss of Rs 324
Titan Company Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 375 and a stop loss of Rs 397
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
BHEL is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 234 and a stop loss of Rs 218
LIC Housing Finance Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 348 and a stop loss of Rs 327
JSW Steel Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 1065 and a stop loss of Rs 1140
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
Bajaj Auto Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2470 and a stop loss of Rs 2370
BHEL Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 230 and a stop loss of Rs 216
LIC Housing Finance Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 340 and a stop loss of Rs 320
Abhishek Karande, CMT, Technical Analyst - Institution Research, SBICAP Securities
BHEL is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 245 and a stop loss of Rs 214
Bharat Forge Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 825 and a stop loss of Rs 757
LIC Housing Finance Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 370 and a stop loss of Rs 315
Mayank Mehta, Derivative Analyst, KIFS Securities
LIC Housing Finance Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 350 and a stop loss of Rs 320
Glenmark Pharma Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 780 and a stop loss of Rs 715
CESC Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 695 and a stop loss of Rs 725
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

How Flipkart s cold response led to Future-A...How Flipkart's cold response sealed Future Group and Amazon's deal
Radhika P Nair, ET Bureau Oct 14, 2014, 01.37PM IST
(Sources said Future Group…)
BANGALORE: The Future Group Amazon partnership to jointly sell goods would have been very different if Kishore Biyani's negotiations with Flipkart had gone well. Sources said Future Group wanted a fee of $10 million (Rs 60 crore) for giving exclusive online retail rights, which Flipkart found excessive.
Also, according to a person involved in the talks, there was "no warmth" between the two parties, leading to a break-down last week after more than 20 days of negotiations. After the talks collapsed, Future Group walked into the arms of another suitor, Amazon.
ET reported on Monday (October 13) that Future Group will sell over 45 of its apparel labels initially on Amazon's India portal, followed by in-house brands in home, electronics home, electronics and food categories. Both Amazon and Future will jointly develop a new line of products across categories to be exclusively sold at Amazon and Future Group's re ture Group's retail stores.
"The Flipkart team felt the terms were onerous," said a source. "Future was asking for a $10-million fee for the exclusive rights and Flipkart was not comfortable with it." On the other hand, Flipkart wanted Future to pay it a commission for every sale, as all other merchants on its platform do while the Mumbai-based retailer was holding out for a lower fee.
Flipkart's argument was that it does not pay for exclusive rights to retail products. The Bangalore company exclusively retails products of Motorola, Xiaomi and a number of apparel brands but does not pay a fee for doing so.
"From Future's side, money was not the main issue," said a person who was involved in the negotiations. "It was about the warmth of the relationship and how one should be treated. They were just not comfortable." Flipkart and Future Group did not reply to emailed queries.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Kim Jong makes 1st appearance in 40 daysWithin days of China questioning the prolonged and unexplained absence of North Korean leader, Kim Jong Un from public life, Pyongyang on Tuesday released undated photographs of Kim in an apparent attempt to quell speculation about the young dictator's ill-health.
Kim looks health, and smiling, in the photographs though he is seen carrying a walking stick.
The official Rodong Sinmun agency of North Korea published the photos, which according to official sources in the state media were taken while Kim was visiting a new residential complex for scientists
It did not say when the photos were taken.
“Kim walked with a walking stick when he gave field guidance to a newly built residential district for scientists, the official KCNA news agency reported on the same day, echoing reports that he was recovering from a leg injury,” China’s official news agency, Xinhua, reported Tuesday.
Kim was last seen in public on Septe3mber. 3 when he watched the performance of the Moranbong Band with his wife Ri Sol Ju at the Mansudae Art Theater.
“His longest absence from public events since he took power has drawn the world's attention and fueled speculations about his health,’’ the Xinhua report said.
It added that Kim was shown walking with a limp on the Korean Central Television on July 8 at a “commemorative event marking the 20th anniversary of the death of his grandfather and former leader Kim Il Sung”.
According to a Tuesday report in the official North Korean agency, KCNA, “Kim expressed satisfaction after he learned in detail about the construction of the newly built Wisong Scientists Residential District”.
“Watching the exterior of the apartment houses and public buildings nicely decorated with diverse color tiles, he was very pleased to see them. He said they looked very attractive, presenting fantastic scenery,” the report added..
The KCNA said Kim also visited the newly built Natural Energy Institute of the State Academy of Sciences on the same day without giving the exact date he made the visits.

Kawasaki plans to widen super bike offeringUpdated: October 13, 2014 22:20 IST
Kawasaki plans to widen super bike offering
G. Balachandar
automobile
Kawasaki is preparing to widen its offering in the Indian market with more new launches this year as the Japanese super bike maker sees greater opportunities to register higher-than-industry growth here.
It is planning to introduce a new shade of green for its super bike Z800, which accounts for about half of its volumes in India.
It has been offering the bike only in block colour. Z800 is priced at about Rs.9.15 lakh (on-road price in Chennai).
The company is also planning to launch Z250, ER-6n (in the 650 cc category) and a few more models during this fiscal.
“The super bike market in India is very attractive and has been growing at 30-40 per cent. We hope to register faster than the industry in India. We will come out with more new launches this year,” said Shigeto Nishikawa, Deputy Managing Director of India Kawasaki Motors Pvt Ltd after announcing the launch company’s exclusive dealership in Chennai.
Kawasaki claimed to have sold about 250 units over the past one year and is confident of sustaining its strong growth rate. Its bikes are priced in the range between Rs.9-19 lakh (on-road prices in Chennai).

Modi  Patnaik to make aerial survey of Hudhud-hit Odisha areascyclones
Two days after cyclone Hudhud hit the coast near Visakhapatnam, relief and restoration work was on Tuesday intensified in Odisha even as Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik were slated to conduct aerial surveys of calamity-hit parts of the state.
Mr. Modi, who is scheduled to visit Visakhapatnam for a first hand assessment of the situation in Andhra Pradesh, is also slated to make an aerial survey over southern Odisha districts hit by the cyclone.
The Odisha Chief Minister also slated to conduct an aerial survey of the Hudhud-affected areas of the state during the day, sources in the Chief Minister’s office said on Tuesday.
Mr. Patnaik will fly over the five districts of Koraput, Malkangiri, Rayagada, Nabarangpur and Gajapati. The Chief Minister is also scheduled to hold a review meeting at Koraput to take stock of the situation today, sources said.
Stepping up relief and restoration work in the affected areas in Odisha, the government is focusing on bringing back normalcy in road communication and electricity supply, a senior official said.
As life was limping back to normal in the four worst hit tribal-dominated districts of Malkangiri, Koraput, Raygada and Gajapati, the authorities were working on a war footing to put things back on the rail in affected areas where Hudhud damaged about 80,000 houses, power infrastructure and roads, the sources said.
As the very severe cyclonic storm hit Visakhapatanam on Sunday noon, the calamity had its impact on the southern region of Odisha close to Andhra Pradesh.
“Four districts — Gajapati, Koraput, Malkangiri and Rayagada -- were badly hit by the cyclone while there is little impact on other southern districts like Ganjam, Kandhamal, Kalahandi and Nabarangpur,” Special Relief Commissioner (SRC) P.K. Mohapatra said.
According to preliminary reports, 25,000 ‘kutchha’ houses were damaged in Koraput district, 15,000 houses in Gajapati, 7,000 in Rayagada and 1,000 houses in Malkagiri, the SRC said, adding reports from other districts were awaited.
“Many evacuated people left for their homes yesterday as the intensity of cyclone died down,” Deputy Special Relief Commissioner Pravat Ranjan Mohapatra said.
As the wind speed was about 100 kmph when the cyclone passed Odisha, there has been substantial damage to electrical infrastructures, Energy Secretary Suresh Chandra Mohapatra said, adding as many as 24 transformers, 75 KM long low tension wire and 600 electric poles were damaged.
“Within 12 hours, we have been able to provide power supply to all district and block headquarter towns. More than 60 per cent of the affected people have now got electricity supply. It would be fully restored within two days,” Mr. Mohapatra said.
The State government also claimed that roads have been mostly cleared with the assistance of NDRF, ODRAF and Fire Services teams, the SRC said, adding repair of roads, culverts and other infrastructure were on war footing.
Bus and train services were also gradually becoming normal.

What Sebi order means for DLF stock and investors | Shares crack 26%You are here: Home > Collections > Sebi
What Sebi order means for DLF stock and investors
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 14, 2014, 03.44PM IST
Tags:
Deutsche Bank
(The ban on DLF is different…)
MUMBAI: Realty major DLF plunged 28 per cent in trade today to close at Rs 104.95, a day after market watchdog Sebi barred the company and its promoters for three years. What does it mean for the stock and the investors who are holding the shares of the company?
The ban on DLF is different from the penalty that Sebi levies against companies for non-adherence of compliances of certain listing conditions.
Unlike suspending the stock from trading , which would affect the non-promoters' group negatively, Sebi, in 2013, introduced a standard operating procedure for exchanges.
As per the SOP, listed entities for non-compliance due to non-submission and/or delay in submission of reports/documents to exchanges are fined on a daily basis. If non-compliance continues for two consecutive quarters, the exchanges can move the stock to 'Z' category, where the trades are settled on a trade-for-trade basis.
Over this, if the non-compliance continues, the exchange can freeze shares of promoters and promoter group. If the company still fails to submit relevant documents then the company's shares will be suspended.
This is not the case with DLF.
Now, talking about investors. What does the Sebi ban mean for investors:
According to analysts, while the company is expected to appeal against the order, the stock will remain under pressure due to the recent negative newsflow.
Most brokerages have lowered the target price despite the stock's availability at cheap valuations. The other adverse legal orders include Punjab and Haryana High Court's cancellation of 350 acres of land allocation at Wazirabad in Gurgaon and CCI's penalty of Rs 630 crore on the company.
Analysts at Deutsche Bank are of the view that though Sebi order would not materially alter the company's operations, it will push forward any plans for further equity issuance and also postpone value-unlocking in rent-yielding commercial portfolio through REITs.
"We are not overly worried about the diminished prospects of deleveraging as the company has now reduced leverage to about 0.6x. However, we do believe that a spate of unfavorable judicial/regulatory pronouncements can suppress sentiment," the Deutsche Bank report said.
The Sebi ban may prevent the proposed merger of DLF Cyber City Developers (DCCDL) into DLF. Moreover, refinancing its total non-bank debt, which amounts to ~45 per cent of its FY14 net debt of Rs 198 billion, may come under pressure, say analysts at Edelweiss.
"This is the third negative legal development for DLF in the past two months, post cancellation of Wazirabad land allocation and CCI's penalty payment order of Rs 6.3 billion. While we currently have a 'BUY' on DLF based on valuations, we believe the stock will come under pressure given successive legal / regulatory setbacks," Edelweiss report said.
Meanwhile, Standard Chartered has maintained its Outperform rating on the stock.
"We remain confident on annuity portfolio ramp-up and balance sheet consolidation. However, positive FCF and sales portfolio recovery may come only by 1QFY16, in our view. Negative news flow, such as adverse judgements from various authorities and potential local government changes, remain near-term overhangs on the stock, in our view," the report said.
Morgan Stanley remains underweight on the stock following the recent near-term earnings challenges, high dependence on the sluggish Gurgaon market, poor pipeline of older projects/delay in new launches and stretched balance sheet.
FEATURED ARTICLES

IndiGo could place big aircraft order by ea...IndiGo could place big aircraft order by early 2015: Sources
By Reuters | 14 Oct, 2014, 01.37PM IST
0
Share More
IndiGo, India's largest airline by market share, could pick up a combination of regional planes that can seat up to 100 passengers, narrowbody aircraft such as the Airbus Group NV
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SINGAPORE: Indian low-cost carrier IndiGo is close to placing a large order worth billions of dollars for a variety of aircraft and could reach a decision as early as 2015, according to several industry sources.
IndiGo, India's largest airline by market share, could pick up a combination of regional planes that can seat up to 100 passengers, narrowbody aircraft such as the Airbus Group NV
A320s that it already operates, and widebody jets for launching medium- to long-haul services, said Binit Somia, the director of South Asia at industry consultancy CAPA, at a conference on Tuesday. He added that an order was imminent.
Two other industry sources familiar with orders by Indian airlines confirmed that the airline was actively looking for aircraft and could make a decision by early 2015. Both sources declined to be identified as they were not authorised to speak to the media.
Officials from IndiGo, India's only profitable carrier, and Airbus could not be reached for comment.
Any plans for widebody aircraft would mark a switch in IndiGo's business model, which has so far focused on domestic and international flights of up to five hours, and make it the first Indian long-haul, low-cost airline.
The company, whose fortunes contrast with other carriers struggling in an Indian market that faces severe overcapacity, is expected to list its shares early next year with an initial public offering that could be worth up to $400 million, three people involved in the deal have said.
The order under consideration could include around 100 more A320s, the sources said. The airline, which competes with SpiceJet Ltd and GoAir in its home market, operates 83 A320 aircraft and placed orders in 2011 for 180 more, largely for the upgraded re-engined A320neo variants, with deliveries expected to begin early next year. The airline has also inked a deal to take 12 A320s from Singapore's Tiger Airways on lease.
These aircraft will allow IndiGo to retire its older aircraft and keep the average age of its fleet to around six years, helping to keep operating costs down.
The airline could also look at jet and turboprop regional aircraft, such as those built by Brazil's Embraer SA, Canada's Bombardier Inc and European joint venture ATR, the sources said. These would allow it to connect Indian hubs with smaller cities where there is growing demand for air services but 180-seat A320s would be hard to fill.
If the order includes widebody aircraft like the Airbus A330, it would be able to take on full-service carriers like Jet Airways (India) Ltd, Air India, Emirates Airline and Singapore Airlines Ltd by offering services of eight to nine hours.
Page 1 of 2

JnNURM scheme: Tata Motors bags deal for 928...Tata Motors bags orders for 928 buses under JnNURM scheme
By PTI | 14 Oct, 2014, 01.08AM IST
0
Share More
Tata Motors said it has received another order to supply 928 Tata Marcopolo built buses to the State Transport Authorities in South India.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BANGALORE: Tata Motors today said it has received another order to supply 928 Tata Marcopolo built buses to the State Transport Authorities in South India.
The order comprises 487 units bagged from Karnataka (Karnataka State Road Transport Corporation), 40 units from Puducherry (Pondicherry Road Transport Corporation), 97 from Kerala (Kerala State Road Transport Corporation) and 304 from North East Karnataka region (North Eastern Karnataka Road Transport Corporation), Tata Motors said in a press release.
These are part of the 2700 orders bagged by Tata Motors, for Tata 'URBAN' buses under JnNURM - II scheme, it added.
The company said the 'URBAN' buses from Tata Motors with a smart new front fascia, have been designed for safety, comfort and convenience of passengers and better operating efficiency for State Transport Authorities.
It said these buses are fitted with CCTV cameras that can record every movement inside the bus, adding that wider passage-way for free movement, wider window panes for better visibility along with wider and lower entry/exit doors make these new buses "safe and convenient for commuters to enjoy public transportation".
Stating that these buses also enhance the operational efficiency for State Transport Units (STU's), the release said they are compatible to hook-up with a central control room server.
This enables an operator to monitor the performance of each bus in terms of number of trips, off-road position and adherence to pre-scheduled maintenance by monitoring real-time health of the bus through OBD (on-board diagnostics).
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

DLF cracks 26%; how Sebi ruling impacts the stock and investorsYou are here: Home > Collections > Sebi
What Sebi order means for DLF stock and investors
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 14, 2014, 03.44PM IST
Tags:
Deutsche Bank
(The ban on DLF is different…)
MUMBAI: Realty major DLF plunged 28 per cent in trade today to close at Rs 104.95, a day after market watchdog Sebi barred the company and its promoters for three years. What does it mean for the stock and the investors who are holding the shares of the company?
The ban on DLF is different from the penalty that Sebi levies against companies for non-adherence of compliances of certain listing conditions.
Unlike suspending the stock from trading , which would affect the non-promoters' group negatively, Sebi, in 2013, introduced a standard operating procedure for exchanges.
As per the SOP, listed entities for non-compliance due to non-submission and/or delay in submission of reports/documents to exchanges are fined on a daily basis. If non-compliance continues for two consecutive quarters, the exchanges can move the stock to 'Z' category, where the trades are settled on a trade-for-trade basis.
Over this, if the non-compliance continues, the exchange can freeze shares of promoters and promoter group. If the company still fails to submit relevant documents then the company's shares will be suspended.
This is not the case with DLF.
Now, talking about investors. What does the Sebi ban mean for investors:
According to analysts, while the company is expected to appeal against the order, the stock will remain under pressure due to the recent negative newsflow.
Most brokerages have lowered the target price despite the stock's availability at cheap valuations. The other adverse legal orders include Punjab and Haryana High Court's cancellation of 350 acres of land allocation at Wazirabad in Gurgaon and CCI's penalty of Rs 630 crore on the company.
Analysts at Deutsche Bank are of the view that though Sebi order would not materially alter the company's operations, it will push forward any plans for further equity issuance and also postpone value-unlocking in rent-yielding commercial portfolio through REITs.
"We are not overly worried about the diminished prospects of deleveraging as the company has now reduced leverage to about 0.6x. However, we do believe that a spate of unfavorable judicial/regulatory pronouncements can suppress sentiment," the Deutsche Bank report said.
The Sebi ban may prevent the proposed merger of DLF Cyber City Developers (DCCDL) into DLF. Moreover, refinancing its total non-bank debt, which amounts to ~45 per cent of its FY14 net debt of Rs 198 billion, may come under pressure, say analysts at Edelweiss.
"This is the third negative legal development for DLF in the past two months, post cancellation of Wazirabad land allocation and CCI's penalty payment order of Rs 6.3 billion. While we currently have a 'BUY' on DLF based on valuations, we believe the stock will come under pressure given successive legal / regulatory setbacks," Edelweiss report said.
Meanwhile, Standard Chartered has maintained its Outperform rating on the stock.
"We remain confident on annuity portfolio ramp-up and balance sheet consolidation. However, positive FCF and sales portfolio recovery may come only by 1QFY16, in our view. Negative news flow, such as adverse judgements from various authorities and potential local government changes, remain near-term overhangs on the stock, in our view," the report said.
Morgan Stanley remains underweight on the stock following the recent near-term earnings challenges, high dependence on the sluggish Gurgaon market, poor pipeline of older projects/delay in new launches and stretched balance sheet.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bajaj Auto gains 2% ahead of Q2; net seen up 4% YoY; BofA ups stock to  buy  | Street @ 3You are here: Home > Collections > Ril
Sensex recoup losses, Nifty above 7850 levels; top 20 intraday bets
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 14, 2014, 03.32PM IST
(Tracking the momentum,…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex which plunged as much as 172 points in trade on Tuesday, managed to recoup losses in the last half-an-hour of trade led by gains in Axis Bank, SBI, RIL, HUL and Bharti Airtel.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also managed to recover from lows and was trading above its crucial psychological support level of 7850, supported by gains in banks, capital goods, metal and power stocks.
At 2:45 p.m; the 30-share Sensex was at 26,471.24, up 87 points or 0.3 per cent. It touched a high of 26,550.79 and a low of 26212.01 in early trade.
The Nifty was at 7,898, up 14 points or 0.18 per cent. It touched a high of 7,928 and a low of 7825.45 in early trade.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
Adani Enterprises Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 445 and a stop loss of Rs 462
Tata Steel Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 435 and a stop loss of Rs 460
Yes Bank Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 615 and a stop loss of Rs 590
Crompton Greaves Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 221 and a stop loss of Rs 200
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
State Bank of India is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2600 and a stop loss of Rs 2495
JustDial Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 1590 and a stop loss of Rs 1665
LIC Housing Finance Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 350 and a stop loss of Rs 324
Titan Company Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 375 and a stop loss of Rs 397
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
BHEL is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 234 and a stop loss of Rs 218
LIC Housing Finance Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 348 and a stop loss of Rs 327
JSW Steel Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 1065 and a stop loss of Rs 1140
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
Bajaj Auto Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2470 and a stop loss of Rs 2370
BHEL Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 230 and a stop loss of Rs 216
LIC Housing Finance Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 340 and a stop loss of Rs 320
Abhishek Karande, CMT, Technical Analyst - Institution Research, SBICAP Securities
BHEL is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 245 and a stop loss of Rs 214
Bharat Forge Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 825 and a stop loss of Rs 757
LIC Housing Finance Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 370 and a stop loss of Rs 315
Mayank Mehta, Derivative Analyst, KIFS Securities
LIC Housing Finance Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 350 and a stop loss of Rs 320
Glenmark Pharma Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 780 and a stop loss of Rs 715
CESC Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 695 and a stop loss of Rs 725
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Where Do You See the Rupee Against Dollar in the Next 3 Monthswhere do you see the rupee against dollar in the next 3 months
Device-led distractionstudents
Do not let your mobile phones, tablets or laptops take control of your life.
In the past few weeks, I’ve come across more than one article discussing the presence of mobile devices in the classroom. Some teachers have very clear rules about switching off mobile phones in the classroom, and some do not allow devices of any kind to be used when a lecture is in progress. But there are also quite a few teachers who have a more open attitude to device use in class, as long as it is not disruptive to the group as a whole.
The disturbance
Clay Shirky, who teaches the theory and practice of social media at New York University, talks about how he recently decided to impose a complete ban on laptops and other devices in his classroom. He found that the level of distraction from the use of laptops, tablets and mobile phones was becoming difficult to control. He notes that the quality of engagement and conversation in the class become much higher once the phones and tablets were put away. It was, in his words, “as if someone had let fresh air into the room.” He further describes the challenges faced by the teacher who is competing against an entire machinery — hardware and software — that is “designed to distract” because “attention is the substance that makes the whole consumer Internet go”.
Losing concentration
The distraction-by-device factor may be somewhat possible to control inside a classroom, where the teacher’s orders rule, but what about other places — in our hostel rooms, at our study tables and in discussion groups at the canteen? How do we draw ourselves away from those flickering screens, the beeping mobiles, the pings on our tablets and the status updates on open Facebook and Instagram feeds? Most of us keep our browsers open while we are working on documents or reading a soft copy of a document. We open the laptop in complete earnestness, planning to finish an assignment, and before we know it, we’ve allowed our fingers to click here and there, scrolling down a dozen screens in pursuit of a momentary interest and a whole hour has just vanished! (Confession: I found myself going off to check various open windows no less than five times between the start and end of this paragraph!)
It takes a lot of discipline to put our devices away when we are by ourselves — or even when we are with others. And then, it takes even more discipline to stay on one screen when we’re immersed in our computers. It may begin with a valid reason — that you need to check something periodically for your assignment. But then it turns into a search without purpose, where you flit from site to site for no reason other than idle curiosity.
The lurking danger
The most dangerous aspect of all this is that we do not even realise we are being distracted. When there is noise or physical discomfort, we find ways to deal with it so that we can continue our work. But when the distraction comes from inside our heads, it’s much, much harder to control. It takes us a while to even recognise it as distraction, as taking us away from something. Sometimes, it seems as if being distracted has become the normal state. It’s common to find people checking their messages or answering their phones right in the middle of a conversation. When we are working on our computers too, we routinely “multitask” across several open windows.
By focusing on several different things at the same time, we fail to give our full attention — and, therefore, our best — to the main task at hand. While multitasking may be useful and even necessary at times, it is not something that is desirable when we are doing a task that requires concentration. Reading class notes, listening to a lecture, writing a paper, taking part in discussions that lead us to understand challenging concepts — these are activities that demand our full attention and intellectual engagement.
Finding focus
Distraction is hard enough to fight even without our electronic devices. All of us know how difficult it is to keep our minds on something that we are not very interested in, or that we are forced to do (like listening to lectures!). But maybe this natural inclination to let our minds wander is being fuelled by the presence of these digital devices that pull our attention away from the here and now? This is a distraction we can work to fight, if we become conscious of it. Once we are aware of it, we need to ask ourselves some simple questions: What is it that we need to be focusing on right now? Why do we need to check our messages every few minutes? What will we really gain by staying online during the time we are working on something?
The answers to these questions are (usually) surprisingly simple.
I’d suggest that even if you have a teacher who does not ban laptops, tablets and phones from class, you do it yourself. And when you’re alone, working on that assignment that refuses to get done, try finishing your reading, gathering your notes together, and then consciously shutting down all windows but one — the one you actually need to be working on!
The author teaches at the University of Hyderabad and is the editor of Teacher Plus. Email: usha.raman@gmail.com

Congress drops Shashi Tharoor as spokespersonNEW DELHI, October 13, 2014
Updated: October 14, 2014 07:20 IST
Congress drops Shashi Tharoor as spokesperson
Anita Joshua
The Hindu Congress MP Shashi Tharoor. File photo: R. Ragu
TOPICS
political development
The KPCC recommended strong action against the Congress MP for his statements ‘supporting’ Prime Minister Narendra Modi
The Congress on Monday dropped its former Union Minister Shashi Tharoor from the party’s panel of spokespersons in view of the Kerala Pradesh Congress Committee’s demand for disciplinary action against him for accepting Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s invitation to a select panel of prominent personalities to advocate the Swachh Bharat Mission.
The decision to drop Mr. Tharoor from the panel of spokespersons was taken by Congress president Sonia Gandhi as per the recommendations of the party’s Disciplinary Action Committee. This is the second time the Congress central leadership has taken action against him in his five-and-a-half year association with the party. As of now, he retains chairmanship of the Parliamentary Standing Committee on External Affairs. The KPCC had sought action against him last Wednesday for his repeated statements appreciating Mr. Modi.
While the Thiruvananthapuram MP had sought to hold his ground against the KPCC at first by posting tweets mocking his detractors, he has not commented on the issue since the Kerala unit formally sought disciplinary action against him last Wednesday.
Shashi Tharoor cordially accepts PM Modi's invitation for 'Swachh Bharat Abhiyan: VIdeo
Prior to that, he had posted a series of tweets explaining his reason for accepting the invitation and rejected the charge of cosying up to the Bharatiya Janata Party. “My 30-year paper trail of published writings is equal to my idea of India and my profound belief in India’s pluralism. Being receptive to specific statements or actions of BJP leaders does not remotely imply acceptance of the party’s core Hindutva agenda…’’
He also flagged the blog he had penned in response to the invitation to join the Clean India Campaign. “A clean India would benefit all of us, and I am delighted to support the Prime Minister's initiative. At the same time, … I am not a fan of tokenism, and I was worried the campaign would descend to symbolic photo opportunities for grandees who would never touch a broom again after October 2.’’
Describing Mr. Modi using the Prime Minister’s position to push the campaign as akin to the American “bully pulpit’’, Mr. Tharoor said the Mission was an attempt to give fillip to a national effort of successive governments. In particular, he flagged the Rural Sanitation Programme of the Congress which was renamed the Total Sanitation Programme by the Vajpayee Government.
“The UPA government in 2012 subsumed that into a Nirmal Bharat Abhiyan, with the objective of making the nation Open Defecation Free by 2022. Modiji, who acknowledged the work of previous governments, has advanced the UPA's deadline by three years and given the effort a national visibility that sanitation has not enjoyed before,’’ Mr. Tharoor had blogged.
In a blog on October 1 titled “Modiji got.a little more than `Kem Chho’ in Washington’’, Mr. Tharoor wrote: “Fresh from his triumphant visit to New York, the new Indian Prime Minister appears to have cut something less of a swathe through the American capital…. After the near-hysteria that greeted Mr. Modi in New York, Washington was a sobering reminder that the really hard work of building a strategic partnership requires a lot more than skilful public relations.’’

6 ways to profit from the crash6 ways to profit from the sell-off
By: Matt Krantz October 13, 2014 8:00 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
(PhotoDisc Inc.)
Market crashes aren’t much fun — unless you have cash ready to scoop up stocks at lower prices. And there’s a group of beaten-down stocks  that market pros still love that are suddenly much more attractively priced.
There are just six stocks in the Standard & Poor’s 500, including Delta Air Lines (DAL) , General Motors (GM) and designer Michael Kors (KORS) , that have been punished in the market sell-off but are still highly rated and seen having significant upside.
To make this list of stocks for opportunists scouring the market’s wreckage, these stocks must meet a number of tough standards. First, they need to be on sale — big time. All of these stocks are down 20% or more from their 52-week highs.
But at the same time, they must be seen as attractive. This isn’t damaged goods. All of these stocks are rated “buy” or “outperform” by Wall Street analysts and are also rated “attractive” or better by New Constructs , according to a USA TODAY analysis of data from S&P Capital IQ. New Constructs is a market research firm that analyzes stocks’ cash flows to find those trading below their estimated market value.
Lastly, all these stocks have the potential for upside — and lots of it. Each of these stocks has 35% potential upside to price targets set by Wall Street analysts, according to S&P Capital IQ data.
Finding a bright spot in the market is getting increasingly difficult. The market’s recent tumble has yanked the S&P 500 down 5% from its 52-week high. Even stocks that couldn’t seem to go down are suffering. That’s enough to send some nervous investors running. But that selling begets a possible opportunity for savvy investors looking to pick up top-rated stocks at a fraction of their price just weeks ago.
Take the example of Delta Airlines. Fuller flights have turned airlines into big winners this year. Delta’s stock has been gaining altitude all year — until just recently. It’s now down 23% from its 52-week high from just a few weeks ago. The stock has been such a huge winner that even after losing 23%, it’s still up 20% this year. This is a stock that’s universally loved, still. Analysts have a “buy” rating on the stock and see 57% potential upside to the 18-month price target of $51.56.
Analysts remain bullish on both big U.S. automakers. Take Ford, which has long been a favorite with Wall Street analysts. The stock is down 24% from its 52-week high, but analysts still think it has some gas. Wall Street analysts rate the stock “outperform” and see 35% upside before it hits its 18-month price target of $18.66.
Missed the superstar stock Michael Kors, which has been shooting higher since its initial public offering in 2011? You have another shot if the analysts are right. The stock has been smacked 27% from its 52-week high and is now off 9% this year. Even so, analysts rate the stock an “outperform” and New Constructs calls it “attractive.” If the Wall Street analysts are right, this stock still has 41% potential upside to the 18-month price target.
Keep in mind that if this pullback turns into something more serious, there could be more downside even to these beloved stocks. If you think this pullback might turn into a more serious correction of 10% or more, there’s an entirely different set of stocks to consider that are more about playing defense than offense.
STOCKS IN THE S&P 500, DOWN 20% FROM THEIR 52-WEEK HIGHS, WITH TOP RATINGS FROM WALL ST. ANALYSTS AND NEW CONSTRUCTS AND 35% OR GREATER UPSIDE TO PRICE TARGETS
Company

Ports traffic increase by 4 %Updated: October 13, 2014 22:21 IST
Ports traffic increase by 4 %
N. Anand
Tweet
The country as a whole posted negative growth in iron ore volumes at 22.80 per cent and marginal loss in petroleum, oil and lubricants (POL).
Barring Kolkata Port and New Mangalore Port, all the 10 major ports posted a marginal increase in cargo traffic for the first six months of the current financial year.
All these ports put together handled 288.48 million tonnes of cargo against 276.86 million tonnes for the corresponding period last year, marking an increase of 4.2 per cent, according to a data released by the Indian Ports Association.
Mormugao led the pack by posting 22.25 per cent growth, followed by Kamarajar Port (15.56 per cent) and V.O. Chidambaranar Port (11.52 per cent).
Kolkata Dock System and Haldia Dock Complex posted a negative growth of 0.86 per cent.
Total tonnage
Mumbai Port was pushed to fourth slot, Jawaharlal Nehru Port to sixth and Chennai Port Trust to the ninth. Tonnage-wise, Kandla occupied the first slot, followed by Paradip, JNPT, Visakhapatnam, Mumbai and Chennai.
The country as a whole posted negative growth in iron ore volumes at 22.80 per cent and marginal loss in petroleum, oil and lubricants (POL).
Mormugao Port and Chennai Port posted impressive growth by handling iron ore, while Mumbai, Paradip, Kandla, New Mangalore and Kamarajar ports handled large volumes of coal.
Container volume
During April-September 2014, all ports, barring Kamarajar and Kandla, handled 40.6 million Twenty-foot Equivalent Units (TEUs) of containers against 37.63 million tonnes, representing 6.46 per cent. JNPT led the show followed by Chennai Port and V.O. Chidambaranar Port. Visakhapatnam registered a decline in container.

Cyclone Hudhud : Essential items in short supply  PM Modi visits VizagPrime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday announced an interim relief of Rs. 1000 crore to Andhra Pradesh for the devastation  caused by Cyclone Hudhud in Vishakapatnam and other coastal areas. 
  
Tidal waves hit the Vizag beach as Cyclone Hudhud reaches Visakhapatnam. (PTI Photo)
Tidal waves hit Vizag beach as cyclone Hudhud reaches the port city of Visakhapatnam. (PTI Photo)
Fishermen negotiate their skiff through rough waves ahead of Cyclone Hudhud on Saturday. (AFP Photo)
People look at a sea tide at Vizag on Sunday. (PTI Photo)
A man carries his wife to safety after a wave hits a beach in Gopalpur in Ganjam district, Odisha. (Reuters)
A view of Visakhapatnam city due to Cyclone hudhud on Sunday. (Arun Sharma/HT Photo)
Huge waves hit the beach in Visakhapatnam on Sunday. (AFP Photo)
People move during rain in Berhampur near Gopalpur sea beach as cyclone Hudhud looms. (PTI photo)
NDRF jawans depart from their Mundali headquarters to the districts that could be hit by Cyclone Hudhud in Bhubaneswar on Friday. (PTI Photo)
Odisha Disaster Rapid Action Force (ODRAF) personnel who are to be deployed ahead of a new upcoming Cyclone Hudhud in Ganjam district, in Bhubaneswar. (Arabinda Mahapatra/HT photo)
Large waves buffet the coastline as Cyclone Hudhud makes landfall in Visakhapatnam. (AFP photo)
Residents of seaside village Satabhaya are rescued after their boat sank in Bausagali river in Odisha's Kendrapada district on Saturday. (Arabinda Mahapatra/ HT Photo)
"The Centre is fully with the people of Andhra pradesh. Both governments are working hand in hand," Modi told reporters at Vishakapatnam.
Modi made the announcement after visiting parts of the worst-affected port city and a review meeting with chief minister N. Chandrababu Naidu and top officials.
Modi, who made an aerial survey of the affected areas of both north coastal Andhra and Odisha, also declared Rs. 2 lakh from Prime Minister's Relief Fund for families of each of those killed and Rs. 50,000 to every injured.
He said the cyclone caused huge losses at a time when he was planning to develop Visakhapatnam into a smart city. He, however, exuded confidence that the central and state government will work together to overcome the challenge.
Naidu had earlier sought Rs. 2,000 crore as interim assistance and also wanted Modi to declare it a national calamity.
.
 
 
 Modi said the Centre and Andhra Pradesh government worked in perfect coordination "minute-to-minute" over the past five days to tackle the challenge posed by the cyclone which claimed 24 lives and left a trail of devastation in the coastal areas.
 
The local bodies, he said, also rose up to the task."It is important to note that a crisis of any magnitude can be overcome if the state and Centre work should-to-shoulder," he said.
       
The prime minister said the meteorological department had correctly forecast from October six itself the different aspects of the cyclone like its velocity, direction and time, leveraging the power of technology.
       
"The use of technology has helped in overcoming this crisis," the prime minister said.
      
Modi appreciated the residents of Visakhapatnam for following the directions of the government with discipline at the time of crisis, helping save precious lives..
More than 50 hours after Cyclone Hudhud struck , there is a severe shortage of  essential commodities in port city of Vishakapatnam, with people scrambling for milk, drinking water, vegetables and petrol even as power supply is yet to be restored.
 
Some residents complained that they are not getting drinking water and milk. Long queues were seen at petrol stations, where people have milled around for refill.
 
A resident pleaded with folded hands: "For people of Visakhapatnam, please give drinking water and other essential commodities. I have not seen such a bad situation in my life."
 
"The drinking water and milk costing Rs. 20 each are being sold for Rs. 50 as black-marketeers are having a field day," an angry resident said.
The water supply in Visakhapatnam would be restored by this evening, chief minister Naidu said. "We are procuring tankers from East Godavari, West Godavari, Krishna and Guntur districts. By evening, all would be able to take bath," he said.
 
"Some people are selling essential items at high prices. It is not fair to try to exploit the situation. We have taken a decision to provide packages of food items in all cyclone-hit areas," he said.
Authorities worked to restore communication lines, removing trees and electric poles and were trying to get air and train services back on track after strong winds damaged railroads and the airport.
“We need at least 100 years to rebuild our beautiful city,” said a worker, cutting an uprooted tree outside the collectorate.
The Visakhapatnam airport has been damaged with passenger terminals ravaged and the roof blown away.
 
The fishing harbour here also bore the brunt of the cyclone fury with scores of boats getting sunk and damaged, officials said.
  Relief teams were working round the clock to restore essential services, Visakhapatnam district collector N Yuvraj said.
The government is using Facebook, Twitter and WhatsApp to reach out to people.
Chief minister Naidu, who took a tour of some of the worst-hit areas on Tuesday, also visited a petrol pump to find out from the residents about the problem.
The state government, aided by NDRF and army personnel, began a massive relief operation on a war footing and facilitated flow of traffic on some of the major roads by removing the debris.
Besides Visakhapatnam, the other north coastal Andhra districts of Srikakulam, Vizianagaram and East Godavari have suffered widespread damage.
The gusty winds, with a speed of 170-180 kmph uprooted trees, electric poles and roofs of thatched houses all over the city when the storm made landfall and crossed the coast on Sunday last.

Bangalore honchos on property-buying spree i...Bangalore honchos on property-buying spree in the US
By Anshul Dhamija, TNN | 14 Oct, 2014, 02.14PM IST
0
Share More
Indians constitute the third biggest overseas community to buy property in the US, as per data shared by the National Association of Realtors.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BANGALORE: The investments by Indians (those with Indian passports) in residential property in the United States rose by nearly 50% to $5.8 billion in the year ended March 2014, compared to the year before. Real estate analysts say top executives in Bangalore's technology industry, many of who have a close connect with the US, are among the biggest spenders.
Indians constitute the third biggest overseas community to buy property in the US, as per data shared by the National Association of Realtors (NAR), US. Chinese buyers topped, investing a staggering $22 billion, a growth of 80% over the previous year, followed by Canada. UK residents bought as much as Indians, but the growth rate was lower at 38%. In 2012-13, Indians had invested $3.9 billion.
The NAR report, quoting information from realtor.com, said that Los Angeles, Las Vegas, Chicago, Dallas, and New York were the most sought after cities by Indian buyers.
"If you have a specific work visa (typically for six years), and a good credit rating, you can buy a home in the US without having an immigration status. And banks in the US will give you loans at an interest of 3.5% to 3.75%," says Sudeep Chandran, owner, Terrafirma Developers, whose circle of friends have been buying into the American real estate market over the past four years.
Anshuman Magazine, CMD of property consultancy firm CBRE South Asia, said more and more Indians were buying property outside the country for reasons such as better valuations, portfolio diversification and personal reasons like their children studying in the US.
Mudassir Zaidi, national director (residential agency) at consultancy firm Knight Frank India, adds that the slowdown in the Indian market had led to a spur in buying activity in overseas markets. Besides the US, markets like the UK, Singapore, Australia and parts of Europe are equally attracting the attention of Indian property buyers.
"Purchasing a US property remains affordable with prices still below the peak level attained prior to the Great Recession (December 2007-June 2009)," says the NAR report.
Indians spent an average of $459,028 (Rs 2.81 crore) for their US home purchases. That's way below the prices of premium homes in India's top metro markets of Mumbai, Delhi-NCR, Chennai and Bangalore.
"Since quite a number of residential units in the US are held by institutional investors, who had bought them during the crisis years from distressed sellers, it is easy for a foreign buyer to buy from such institutions rather than from individual US house owners," says Anuj Puri , chairman and country head of property consultancy JLL India.
Real estate observers say Bangalore's large senior management in IT and technology are among the top spenders in American real estate. Most of them have a close connection with the US. Many work in US-based MNCs in India. Several others work in IT services companies for whom the US is the biggest market.
Farook Mahmood, president of the World Council of Brokers , has helped in referrals for at least six Bangalore-based buyers looking to buy homes in New York, Miami, and the Bay Area. Mahmood, who is also the CMD of Silverline Realty, says that these buyers either work in the US on a posting or travel to the country often.

Oil companies: Sufficient fuel stock availab...diesel
(There is an adequate stock…)
VISAKHAPATNAM: There is an adequate stock of more than 15 days of fuel, petrol and diesel , available in the port city, a state oil industry official said today.
He also appealed to the public not to panic and requested to buy fuel only in required quantities and not store for future consumption.
"Oil companies are putting their best efforts to revive the damaged petrol pumps on war-footing," according to a state-level coordinating official for the oil industry.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Lenders likely to put Bhushan Steel on the b...Lenders likely to put Bhushan Steel on the block
Nisha Poddar, ET Now Oct 14, 2014, 02.51PM IST
Tags:
Bhushan Steel
(Lenders have kicked off…)
With things spinning out of control at the debt-laden Bhushan Steel, lenders have kicked off the process of finding a new buyer for the troubled steel company, three independent sources with direct knowledge said. Sources share that SBI Caps is the advisor to the deal and has initiated talks with Tata Steel, JSW Steel for the sale of Bhushan Steel. ArcelorMittal backed Uttam Galva is also said to be in the fray.
Bhushan Steel's stock shot up 10 per cent in trades when ET Now broke the story during market hours on Tuesday.
"If there is enough interest, lenders would like to conduct a bid process" a source pointed out. Bhushan Steel has a debt pile of over Rs 40,000 crores and after the promoter Neeraj Singhal was jailed in the Syndicate Bank cash-for-loan scam, the lenders got jittery. Neeraj Singhal, Vice Chairman of Bhushan Steel is out on bail now.
Bushan Steel, which is essentially a secondary steel producer, recently completed the backward integration project with hot rolled steel facility in Odisha. Bhushan Steel's assets could make strategic sense for Tata Steel, JSW Steel as well as Uttam Galva.
Sources also indicate that there could be a tug-of-war between the promoter and the lenders since the promoter may not want to sell the company. "Promoters own over 74 per cent stake in the company but a large part of it could be pledged with the lenders," a source said.
When contacted, JSW Steel did not respond to an ET Now query. Uttam Galva's spokesperson said, "There is no such plan as of now."
"The news is completely false and baseless. Bhushan Steel is a standard account. Hence, the question of lenders looking at selling it does not arise in this situation," Bhushan Steel told ET Now.
Tata Steel also denied any such development.
FEATURED ARTICLES

DLF ends day 28% down; how Sebi ruling impacts stock  investorsYou are here: Home > Collections > Sebi
What Sebi order means for DLF stock and investors
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 14, 2014, 03.44PM IST
Tags:
Deutsche Bank
(The ban on DLF is different…)
MUMBAI: Realty major DLF plunged 28 per cent in trade today to close at Rs 104.95, a day after market watchdog Sebi barred the company and its promoters for three years. What does it mean for the stock and the investors who are holding the shares of the company?
The ban on DLF is different from the penalty that Sebi levies against companies for non-adherence of compliances of certain listing conditions.
Unlike suspending the stock from trading , which would affect the non-promoters' group negatively, Sebi, in 2013, introduced a standard operating procedure for exchanges.
As per the SOP, listed entities for non-compliance due to non-submission and/or delay in submission of reports/documents to exchanges are fined on a daily basis. If non-compliance continues for two consecutive quarters, the exchanges can move the stock to 'Z' category, where the trades are settled on a trade-for-trade basis.
Over this, if the non-compliance continues, the exchange can freeze shares of promoters and promoter group. If the company still fails to submit relevant documents then the company's shares will be suspended.
This is not the case with DLF.
Now, talking about investors. What does the Sebi ban mean for investors:
According to analysts, while the company is expected to appeal against the order, the stock will remain under pressure due to the recent negative newsflow.
Most brokerages have lowered the target price despite the stock's availability at cheap valuations. The other adverse legal orders include Punjab and Haryana High Court's cancellation of 350 acres of land allocation at Wazirabad in Gurgaon and CCI's penalty of Rs 630 crore on the company.
Analysts at Deutsche Bank are of the view that though Sebi order would not materially alter the company's operations, it will push forward any plans for further equity issuance and also postpone value-unlocking in rent-yielding commercial portfolio through REITs.
"We are not overly worried about the diminished prospects of deleveraging as the company has now reduced leverage to about 0.6x. However, we do believe that a spate of unfavorable judicial/regulatory pronouncements can suppress sentiment," the Deutsche Bank report said.
The Sebi ban may prevent the proposed merger of DLF Cyber City Developers (DCCDL) into DLF. Moreover, refinancing its total non-bank debt, which amounts to ~45 per cent of its FY14 net debt of Rs 198 billion, may come under pressure, say analysts at Edelweiss.
"This is the third negative legal development for DLF in the past two months, post cancellation of Wazirabad land allocation and CCI's penalty payment order of Rs 6.3 billion. While we currently have a 'BUY' on DLF based on valuations, we believe the stock will come under pressure given successive legal / regulatory setbacks," Edelweiss report said.
Meanwhile, Standard Chartered has maintained its Outperform rating on the stock.
"We remain confident on annuity portfolio ramp-up and balance sheet consolidation. However, positive FCF and sales portfolio recovery may come only by 1QFY16, in our view. Negative news flow, such as adverse judgements from various authorities and potential local government changes, remain near-term overhangs on the stock, in our view," the report said.
Morgan Stanley remains underweight on the stock following the recent near-term earnings challenges, high dependence on the sluggish Gurgaon market, poor pipeline of older projects/delay in new launches and stretched balance sheet.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex ends day in red  Nifty above 7 850 | Bajaj Auto gains 2%; Q2 profit seen up 4%You are here: Home > Collections > Ril
Sensex recoup losses, Nifty above 7850 levels; top 20 intraday bets
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 14, 2014, 03.32PM IST
(Tracking the momentum,…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex which plunged as much as 172 points in trade on Tuesday, managed to recoup losses in the last half-an-hour of trade led by gains in Axis Bank, SBI, RIL, HUL and Bharti Airtel.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also managed to recover from lows and was trading above its crucial psychological support level of 7850, supported by gains in banks, capital goods, metal and power stocks.
At 2:45 p.m; the 30-share Sensex was at 26,471.24, up 87 points or 0.3 per cent. It touched a high of 26,550.79 and a low of 26212.01 in early trade.
The Nifty was at 7,898, up 14 points or 0.18 per cent. It touched a high of 7,928 and a low of 7825.45 in early trade.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
Adani Enterprises Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 445 and a stop loss of Rs 462
Tata Steel Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 435 and a stop loss of Rs 460
Yes Bank Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 615 and a stop loss of Rs 590
Crompton Greaves Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 221 and a stop loss of Rs 200
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
State Bank of India is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2600 and a stop loss of Rs 2495
JustDial Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 1590 and a stop loss of Rs 1665
LIC Housing Finance Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 350 and a stop loss of Rs 324
Titan Company Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 375 and a stop loss of Rs 397
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
BHEL is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 234 and a stop loss of Rs 218
LIC Housing Finance Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 348 and a stop loss of Rs 327
JSW Steel Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 1065 and a stop loss of Rs 1140
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
Bajaj Auto Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2470 and a stop loss of Rs 2370
BHEL Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 230 and a stop loss of Rs 216
LIC Housing Finance Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 340 and a stop loss of Rs 320
Abhishek Karande, CMT, Technical Analyst - Institution Research, SBICAP Securities
BHEL is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 245 and a stop loss of Rs 214
Bharat Forge Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 825 and a stop loss of Rs 757
LIC Housing Finance Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 370 and a stop loss of Rs 315
Mayank Mehta, Derivative Analyst, KIFS Securities
LIC Housing Finance Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 350 and a stop loss of Rs 320
Glenmark Pharma Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 780 and a stop loss of Rs 715
CESC Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 695 and a stop loss of Rs 725
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Work on  taming  monopolies wins NobelFrench economist wins Nobel for tackling monopolies
By Mark Thompson   @MarkThompsonCNN October 13, 2014: 8:30 AM ET
 
French economist earns Nobel Prize
LONDON (CNNMoney)
French economist Jean Tirole has won the 2014 Nobel prize for economics for his work on how to regulate powerful companies.
Tirole, a former MIT student, is head of economics at Toulouse University, France.
The award, announced Monday, is the first time since 1999 that an American-born economist didn't win or share the Nobel.
Tirole has spent the last 30 years studying how a small number of large firms can dominate markets and the damage that can do -- and how governments should respond.
He argues that the best regulation is adapted to the conditions of each industry, such as telecoms and banking, rather than trying a one-size-fits-all approach.
Traditional solutions, such as capping prices or banning cooperation altogether, could do more harm than good.
"Cooperation on price setting within a market is usually harmful, but cooperation regarding patent pools can benefit everyone," the Nobel committee said. "The merger of a firm and its supplier may encourage innovation, but may also distort competition."
Thomson Reuters named Tirole one of the world's most influential academics this year in a survey of the frequency of citations by peers.
Tirole co-authored "Balancing the Banks: Global Lessons from the Financial Crisis" in 2010 with Mathias Dewatripont and Jean-Charles Rochet. They proposed changes to the way banks are regulated, and urged closer international coordination in dealing with banks that get into trouble.
The Sveriges Riksbank Prize in Economic Sciences in Memory of Alfred Nobel, worth about $1.1 million, is awarded by Sweden's central bank.
Last year, Robert Shiller -- the Yale professor famous for predicting the housing and Internet stock bubbles -- won the prize along with two University of Chicago professors for their work on the pricing of financial assets.
They concluded that while predicting the price of stocks and bonds is virtually impossible in the short term, it is possible to predict the broad course of prices over longer time spans.
The only woman to win the award was Elinor Ostrom of Indiana University. She shared the prize in 2009 for her work showing communities could manage shared local resources such as land and water without heavy centralized regulation or privatization.
First Published: October 13, 2014: 7:28 AM ET
Most Popular

Chola MS continues its mobile app strategyUpdated: October 13, 2014 22:25 IST
Chola MS continues its mobile app strategy
Special Correspondent
business (general)
Cholamandalam MS General Insurance has come out with a mobile application – On the Go -- for its motor insurance customers. The mobile app, incorporating a host of features and benefits, will offer its customers access to the about 2,500 garages across the country for cashless repair facility.
The application, available on both Android and iOS supported smart phones, will offer new features like document wallet, mileage tracker and driving tips besides renewal reminder and preferred garage network with geo tagging on Google Maps. The company has also extended another benefit. Its motor insurance customers can now avail discounts and exclusive offers at select hospitals, pharmacies and diagnostic labs. This was available only for its health insurance customers.
Though mobile app adoption levels are presently low, Chola MS continues to focus on looking at opportunities to engage with its customers better through mobile apps. In February this year, it had come out with a similar app “Wellness on the Go” for its health insurance customers.
S.S. Gopala Rathnam, Managing Director of Chola MS stated that the company was hoping to have the first mover advantage in the industry and would continue to focus on launching industry-first technology initiatives.

DLF erases $1.2 bn of investors  money | A buyYou are here: Home > Collections
DLF at life low post Sebi ban; Is it a buy after this sharp fall
Oct 14, 2014, 10.47AM IST
Tags:
ban
(Shares of India's biggest…)
MUMBAI: Shares of north-based realty major DLF plunged over 24 per cent in early trade after stock market regulator Sebi barred DLF, promoters and few employees from securities markets for three years.
The regulator found the company guilty of "active and deliberate suppression" of material information at the time of its public offer.
The order means that DLF will be prohibited from issuing of equities to raise funds and other instruments such as REITs and debentures.
Meanwhile, the company has reassured investors and other stakeholders that it has not acted in contravention of law either during its initial public offer or otherwise.
"DLF and its board were guided by and acted on the advise of eminent legal advisors, merchant bankers and audit firms while formulating its Offer documents. DLF will defend itself to the fullest extent against any adverse findings and measures contained in the Order passed by SEBI," the company clarified.
According to analysts, while the company is expected to appeal against the order, the stock will remain under pressure due to the recent negative newsflow.
Most brokerages have lowered the target price despite the stock's availability at cheap valuations. The orther adverse legal orders include Punjab and Haryana High Court's cancellation of 350 acres of land allocation at Wazirabad in Gurgaon and CCI's penalty of Rs 630 crore on the company.
Analysts at Deutsche Bank are of the view that though the SEBI order will not materially alter the company's operations, it will push forward any plans for further equity issuance and also postpone value-unlocking in rent-yielding commercial portfolio through REITs.
"We are not overly worried about the diminished prospects of deleveraging as the company has now reduced leverage to ~0.6x. However, we do believe that a spate of unfavorable judicial/regulatory pronouncements can suppress sentiment," the Deutsche Bank report said.
The SEBI ban may prevent the proposed merger of DLF Cyber City Developers Limited (DCCDL) into DLF. Moreover, refinancing its total non-bank debt, which amounts to ~45 per cent of its FY14 net debt of Rs 198 billion, may come under pressure, say analysts at Edelweiss.
"This is the third negative legal development for DLF in the past two months, post cancellation of Wazirabad land allocation and CCI's penalty payment order of Rs 6.3 billion. While we currently have a 'BUY' on DLF based on valuations, we believe the stock will come under pressure given successive legal / regulatory setbacks," Edelweiss report said.
Meanwhile, Standard Chartered has maintained its Outperform rating on the stock.
"We remain confident on annuity portfolio ramp-up and balance sheet consolidation. However, positive FCF and sales portfolio recovery may come only by 1QFY16, in our view. Negative news flow, such as adverse judgements from various authorities and potential local government changes, remain near-term overhangs on the stock, in our view," the report said.
Morgan Stanley remains underweight on the stock following the recent near-term earnings challenges, high dependence on the sluggish Gurgaon market, poor pipeline of older projects/delay in new launches and stretched balance sheet.
Following are brokerages ratings on DLF post SEBI order:
At 10:20 a.m.; the stock was at Rs 114, down 22.29 per cent, on the BSE. It plunged 24.16 per cent to touch intraday low of Rs 111.25.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Make in India   President Pranab Mukherjee tells Norwegian companiesYou are here: Home > Collections > India
'Make in India', President Pranab Mukherjee tells Norwegian companies
PTI Oct 14, 2014, 03.02PM IST
(Both the countries are keen…)
OSLO: Join the "Make in India" initiative of the new Indian government was the message from President Pranab Mukherjee to Norwegian companies as he invited investors and entrepreneurs to explore possibilities of investment in India's infrastructure sector.
"We welcome foreign direct investments in our railways, roads and ports, power and communications sectors, we invite Norwegian companies to join Indian counterparts in the 'Make in India' initiative of the new government and we are presently simplifying the procedures to facilitate their participation in India's growth story," Mukherjee said at the state banquet hosted by King Harald V and Queen Sonja at the Royal Palace last night.
Asserting that while trade between India and Norway has been expanding but there is significant potential waiting to be realised, he said, "The new government is taking a number of measures to encourage investments, revive the manufacturing sector in India, promote skill development, develop smart cities and engage closely with all interested partners and investors in India and abroad to make this happen".
Enlisting the areas in which India and Norway have a rewarding trade partnership including oil exploration and scientific research, Mukherjee said both the countries are keen to expand the scope of their collaborative efforts in earth sciences, bio-technology, clean energy, fishing and health care.
"I am confident that the bilateral agreements that we have signed will lead to further fruitful engagement in the many fields where India and Norway have obvious complementarities," the president said.
Mukherjee, who is the first Indian head of state to visit the Scandinavian country, congratulated Norway on celebration of the bicentennial of its Constitution and thanked its government for the assistance and support extended to India in establishing its Polar Research Station in Svalbard.
"We are grateful for your endorsement of India's rightful claim to Permanent Membership of the United Nations Security Council and for your proactive efforts that helped India achieve Observer status in the Arctic Council," the president added.
Applauding the role played by Norway in global efforts aimed at peace and development, Mukherjee said, "Norway's contribution to the recognition of exceptional human endeavour in all fields of activity, through the institution of the Nobel Peace Prize, is an outstanding example of the lead taken by you in advancement of human and civilisational values."
Raising a toast to the enduring friendly relations between India and Norway, the President said, "Though our two nations are geographically distant from each other, we are bound by our common commitment to democratic values and practice. Our bilateral relations have never been better and we are both desirous of enhancing our co-operation to its full potential."
  Mukherjee, also extended an invitation to the King of Norway to visit India saying its been around three decades since the Norwegian head visited the country and it has progressed and evolved in many ways since then.
"You have visited India about three decades ago. India has progressed and evolved in many ways since then. I invite you to visit India at a time of your convenience. It would be an honour and privilege to receive you in New Delhi," the President said.
Welcoming the president, King Harald V said that Norway had noted with great interest ambitions of newly-elected government of Prime Minister Narendra Modi including his agenda of rapid economic and social transformation and his invitation to foreign investors to engage in commercial cooperation.
"Norway stands ready to further expand our partnership, turning the differences between us into assets. We can offer you technology and know-how, as well as resources and investments that will help to advance your development in the years to come," the Norwegian king said at the banquet.
He said Norwegian companies are increasingly investing, trading, and producing in India, as well as outsourcing services to India.
"Our cooperation in the field of research and innovation is developing rapidly. We would also like to see more Norwegian students enrol at your excellent higher education institutions," he said.
The king said the 21st century has been dubbed "the Asian century. India will have a great stake in its development. The choices you make will have a real bearing on the rest of the world."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Systra  RITES to study Delhi-Amritsar high-s...Agra
(Systra and RITES have…)
NEW DELHI: Railways have undertaken a study to run trains at a high speed of 300 kmph on Delhi-Chandigarh-Amritsar route to reduce travel time between the national capital and the holy city to just about two-and-half hours hours from the existing six hours.
The pre-feasibility study of the proposed 450 km long Delhi-Chandigarh-Amritsar corridor project will be conducted by French consultant agency Systra along with railways subsidiary RITES, said a senior Railway Ministry official.
The study will explore the possibility of running a bullet train at a maximum speed of 300 km per hour on the proposed Delhi-Chandigarh-Amritsar route.
"It would cost about Rs 7 crore and the contract for undertaking the study has been awarded," the official said.
The study will identify suitable routes for high speed alignment and station locations using satellite imagery data.
The report expected to be submitted in seven months also include environment impact, potential passengers as well as an indicative estimate of the cost to connect Delhi with Chandigarh and Amritsar on high speed rail network.
Systra and RITES have also carried out the study on the Mumbai-Ahemedabad high speed rail corridor project.
Apart from Delhi-Chandigarh-Amritsar and Mumbai-Ahemedabad routes, railways had identified five more corridors for running high speed train with the aim to connect commercial, tourist and pilgrimage hubs in India.
The routes include Hyderabad-Kazipet- Dornakal-Vijayawada-Chennai, Howrah-Haldia, Chennai-Bangalore-Coimbatore-Ernakulam-Thiruvananthapuram, Delhi-Agra-Lucknow-Varanasi-Patna and Delhi-Jaipur-Jodhpur.
The high-speed rail corridors will be built as elevated corridors.
Railways' white-paper "Vision 2020" submitted to Parliament in 2009 envisages implementation of regional high-speed rail projects to provide environmentally friendly time-efficient journeys which can be provided by the new high speed rail systems designed for trains travelling up to 300 km per hour.
FEATURED ARTICLES

UPSC declares civil services prelims resultsUPSC declares civil services prelims results
PTI Oct 14, 2014, 03.37PM IST
Tags:
Civil Services Main
(The results of the civil…)
NEW DELHI: The results of the civil services preliminary examination conducted by the Union Public Service Commission were declared today.
The Commission has advised candidates not to file RTI applications seeking details of their marks which would be provided to them after the entire selection process for the civil services examination is over.
"Candidates are also informed that marks, cut off marks and answer keys of civil services (preliminary) examination 2014 will be provided only after the entire process of the civil services examination, 2014, is over i.e. after the declaration of final result.
"Therefore, no application under RTI Act, 2005 or otherwise will be entertained in this regard," the UPSC said in a statement.
The successful candidates have been asked to fill in Detailed Application Form (DAF) for Civil Services Main (CSM) examination scheduled to be held from December 14 this year, it said.
As many as 4,51,602 candidates had taken the civil services preliminary examination on August 24.
A controversy had erupted in July over the pattern of civil services examination as students demanding change in Civil Services Aptitude Test (CSAT) or Paper II, had taken to the streets in a violent agitation, claiming it put aspirants from rural areas or with Hindi background at a disadvantage.
Following which, the government had decided that marks of the English section questions, asked in Paper II, will not be included for gradation or merit in the exam.
The civil services examination is conducted in three stages - preliminary, main and interview - to select candidates for the prestigious Indian Administrative Service (IAS), Indian Foreign Service (IFS) and Indian Police Service (IPS) among others.
The DAF (CSM) will be available on the UPSC website from October 28 till November 11, 2014.
"The candidates who have been declared successful have to first get themselves registered on the relevant page of the website before filling up the online Detailed Application Form," it said.
All the qualified candidates are also required to take a print out of the DAF (CSM) separately after completing and submitting it online. The successful candidates will have to send the printed copy of the DAF (CSM) duly signed by the candidates along with all relevant documents including the prescribed fees to the Commission, the UPSC said.
The last date of sending the DAF (CSM) is November 18, it said.
The UPSC has also declared results of successful candidates who have qualified for admission to Indian Forest Service (main) examination, 2014.
"All the qualified candidates are advised to fill up the DAF-Indian Forest Service and submit the same online for admission to the Indian Forest Service (main) examination, 2014 to be held from November 22, 2014. The DAF will be available on the website of the Commission from October 17 to October 31 till 23.59 hours," the UPSC said.
These candidates are required to take out a print out of the finally submitted DAF separately and send the printed copy of the form, duly signed by the candidate, to the Commission by November 7.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Srirangam vacancy: EC awaits notificationpolitical development
“The by-election has to be held within six months from the date on which the vacancy arose, not from the date of notification”
Chief Electoral Officer Praveen Kumar on Tuesday said the Srirangam Assembly constituency, represented by former Chief Minister Jayalalithaa, became vacant on the day of judgment [September 27] of the Bangalore Special Court, which convicted her in the disproportionate assets case.
Pointing out that he was awaiting notification from the Assembly Secretariat on the vacancy, the CEO told a press conference here that “the law is clear. The by-election has to be held within six months from the date on which the vacancy arose, not from the date of notification.”
He made the observation at a time when several political parties were demanding declaration of the seat as vacant.
He also said that the Election Commission had been informed about the development.

Turning an optical microscope into a nanoscopescience and technology
Nobel Prize for Chemistry has been equally divided among the Laureates Eric Betzig, Stefan W. Hell and William E. Moerner for having bypassed a presumed scientific limitation stipulating that an optical microscope can never yield a resolution better than 0.2 micrometres (half the wavelength of light).
Using the fluorescence of molecules, scientists can now monitor the interplay between individual molecules inside cells; they can observe disease-related proteins aggregate and they can track cell division at the nanolevel.
Living organisms were studied for the first time in the 17th using an optical microscope. The instrument opened a new window to studying living organisms non-invasively.
Despite the advantages, the optical microscope suffers from a major drawback — a physical restriction as to what size of structures is possible to resolve. Ernst Abbe in 1873 said that microscope resolution is limited by, among other things, the wavelength of the light (0.2 micrometres).
While Abbe’s microscope resolution limitation still hold true, the Laureates have successfully demonstrated ways of bypassing the limitation. The three have taken optical microscopy into a new dimension using fluorescent molecules. Two different principles have been able to do this and they developed independently of each other.
Stefan Hell who was a student in South-western Finland was looking at ways of bypassing Abbe’s limitation. In 1993, he got a brilliant idea when reading a textbook on quantum optics. He soon found himself working as a part of research team using fluorescence microscopy — a technique where scientists use fluorescent molecules to image parts of the cell — at the University of Turku.
Hell was convinced that there had to be a way of circumventing Abbe’s diffraction limit, and when he read the words stimulated emission in the book on Quantum Optics a new line of thought took shape in his mind: “At that moment, it dawned on me. I had finally found a concrete concept to pursue – a real thread.”
Using fluorescence microscopy it was possible for scientists to see where a certain molecule was located. But only clusters of molecules, like entangled strands of DNA, could be located. The resolution was too low to discern individual DNA strings.
But Hell realized that it should be possible to devise a kind of nano-flashlight that could sweep along the sample, a nanometre at a time using stimulated emission.
By using stimulated emission scientists can quench fluorescent molecules. They direct a laser beam at the molecules that immediately lose their energy and become dark. In 1994, he published an article outlining his ideas. In the proposed method, so-called stimulated emission depletion (STED), a light pulse excites all the fluorescent molecules, while another light pulse quenches fluorescence from all molecules except those in a nanometre-sized volume. Only this volume is then registered. By sweeping along the sample and continuously measuring light levels, it is possible to get a comprehensive image.
The smaller the volume allowed to fluoresce at a single moment, the higher the resolution of the final image. Hence, there is, in principle, no longer any limit to the resolution of optical microscopes.
He soon shifted to Max Planck Institute for Biophysical Chemistry in Göttingen. In 2000, he was able to demonstrate that his ideas actually work in practice, by, among other things, imaging an E. coli bacterium at a resolution never before achieved in an optical microscope.
Single-molecule microscopy
Unlike the STED microscopy, the single-molecule microscopy entails the superposition of several images. Eric Betzig and W. E. Moerner have independently of each other contributed different fundamental insights in its development. The foundation was laid when W. E. Moerner succeeded in detecting a single small fluorescent molecule.
Using absorption and fluorescence, scientists were able to study only average molecules; measuring single molecules was not possible. As a result, it was difficult to get detailed knowledge of things, for instance, how diseases develop.
Therefore, in 1989, when W. E. Moerner as the first scientist in the world was able to measure the light absorption of a single molecule, it was a pivotal achievement. At the time he was working at the IBM research centre in San Jose, California.
Eight years later Moerner took the next step towards single-molecule microscopy, building on the previously Nobel Prize-awarded discovery of the green fluorescent protein (GFP).
In 1997 W. E. Moerner had joined the University of California in San Diego, where Roger Tsien, Nobel Prize Laureate to be, was trying to get GFP to fluoresce in all the colours of the rainbow.
W. E. Moerner discovered that the fluorescence of one variant of GFP could be turned on and off at will. When he excited the protein with light of wavelength 488 nanometres the protein began to fluoresce, but after a while it faded. But he found that light of wavelength 405 nanometres could bring the protein back to life again. When the protein was reactivated, it once again fluoresced at 488 nanometres.
Moerner dispersed these excitable proteins in a gel, so that the distance between each individual protein was greater than Abbe’s diffraction limit of 0.2 micrometres. Since they were sparsely scattered, a regular optical microscope could discern the glow from individual molecules — they were like tiny lamps with switches. The results were published in Nature in 1997.
By this discovery Moerner demonstrated that it is possible to optically control fluorescence of single molecules. This solved a problem that Eric Betzig had formulated two years earlier.
Near-field microscopy
Eric Betzig was working on near-field microscopy in the early 1990s at the Bell Laboratories in New Jersey. In near-field microscopy the light ray is emitted from an extremely thin tip placed only a few nanometres from the sample. This kind of microscopy can also circumvent Abbe’s diffraction limit, although the method has major weaknesses. For instance, the light emitted has such a short range that it is difficult to visualize structures below the cell surface.
Eric Betzig concluded that near-field microscopy could not be improved much further. He quit Bell Labs.
Inspired by W. E. Moerner, among others, Eric Betzig had already detected fluorescence in single molecules using near-field microscopy. He began to ponder whether a regular microscope could yield the same high resolution if different molecules glowed with different colours, such as red, yellow and green.
The idea was to have the microscope register one image per colour. If all molecules of one colour were dispersed and never closer to each other than the 0.2 micrometres stipulated by Abbe’s diffraction limit, their position could be determined very precisely.
Next, when these images were superimposed, the complete image would get a resolution far better than Abbe’s diffraction limit, and red, yellow and green molecules would be distinguishable even if their distance was just a few nanometres. In this manner Abbe’s diffraction limit could be circumvented.
However, there were some practical problems, for instance a lack of molecules with a sufficient amount of distinguishable optical properties. In 1995 Eric Betzig published his theoretical ideas in the journal Optics Letters, and subsequently left academia
Lured back
For many years Eric Betzig was entirely disconnected from the research community. But one day he came across the green fluorescent protein for the first time. Realizing there was a protein that could make other proteins visible inside cells revived Betzig’s thoughts of how to circumvent Abbe’s diffraction limit.
The real breakthrough came in 2005, when he stumbled across fluorescent proteins that could be activated at will. The fluorescent molecules did not have to be of different colours, they could just as well fluoresce at different times.
Just one year later, Eric Betzig demonstrated, in collaboration with scientists working on excitable fluorescent proteins, that his idea held up in practice. Among other things, the scientists coupled the glowing protein to the membrane enveloping the lysosome, the cell’s recycling station.
Using a light pulse the proteins were activated for fluorescence, but since the pulse was so weak only a fraction of them started to glow. Due to their small number, almost all of them were positioned at a distance from each other greater than Abbe’s diffraction limit of 0.2 micrometres. Hence the position of each glowing protein could be registered very precisely in the microscope. After a while, when their fluorescence died out, the scientists activated a new subgroup of proteins. This procedure was then repeated over and over again.
When Betzig superimposed the images he ended up with a super-resolution image of the lysosome membrane.
Its resolution was far better than Abbe’s diffraction limit. An article published in Science in 2006 subsequently presented the ground-breaking work
(Edited excerpts from popular material available at Nobel Prize website)

Infosys Can Become Next-Gen Services Company: Vishal SikkaYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Infosys Can Become Next-Gen Services Company: Vishal Sikka
Published On:                  October 10, 2014                 | Duration: 27 min, 01 sec

Third Quarter Expected to be a Blockbuster: PVRYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Third Quarter Expected to be a Blockbuster: PVR
Published On:                  October 10, 2014                 | Duration: 6 min, 34 sec
Tweet
PVR CFO Nitin Sood tells NDTV that the third quarter is going to be one of the best for the company as films Haider and Bang Bang have had excellent collections and some more big ticket movies are also lined up around Diwali. PVR  has added 35 screens so far this year and is looking to add another 35-40.

How to Pick Your Own Apples Like a ProHow to pick your own apples like a pro
Ben Popken TODAY
Email
Did you know the apples you get at the store or farmer’s market can be months old? Farmers use various preservation techniques like cold storage, wax, and fungicide to keep apples crisp and on shelves even in the off season. But if you want the freshest apples and fun family outing, you can’t beat heading down the road to a nearby farm and picking your own off the tree. We talked to a few folks down here at Demarest Farms in Hillsdale, New Jersey about how to pick the perfect apple.
ASK WHAT'S RIPE
Especially earlier in the season, not every apple that’s out there is ready to eat. It might look big and colorful but it could be bitter or just not full of crunchy sugary flavor. Make sure to follow the posted signs about which rows are open and just ask the farm workers. They can tell you what’s ripe and what qualities to look for.
Video: For the freshest apples, you can't beat picking your own. Ben Popken shows you how to do it right.
HOW TO PICK THE APPLE PERFECTLY
Hold the apple softly
Gently give the an upwards twist and tug until the tree gives you the apple.
If it’s ripe it should come right off.
Lightly place in your bag to avoid bruising. Bruised apples rot faster.
Don’t shake the branch or climb the tree. That can damage next year's crop.
EAT THE APPLE
Don’t worry if the apple has a white layer on it, that’s just oxidation. And farmers say any pesticides were sprayed months ago and most have been washed off by rain by harvest time. Just give the apple a little shine on your shirt and it’s ready to eat. Chomp!
Tags:

Carnival at the conventionUpdated: October 13, 2014 17:19 IST
Carnival at the convention
The Hindu Comic enthusiasts. Photo: Mohammed Yousuf
The Hindu Sai Vivek, a young doctor dressed as Wolverine at Hyderabad Comic Con 2014
The Hindu Comic enthusiasts. Photo: Mohammed Yousuf
The Hindu A 'ghost' and a 'joker' at the convention.
TOPICS
books and literature
Exclusive book launches, gaming sessions and interactions with international writers proved that Hyderabad Comic Con 2014 was not just about Costume Play
It was touted to be the ‘best three days of the year’ for all the Comic Con fans of Hyderabad. As the three-day event came to a close this weekend, happy comic fans are already looking forward to next year’s edition. There was much hype and hoopla surrounding the event with its past year’s experience in Hyderabad and other cities like Mumbai, Delhi and Bengaluru. As usual Cosplay (costume play) dominated the proceedings and the crowd was so heavy that to a non-Comic Con fan, the venue would have appeared like a hub of bizarre young visitors. From sessions by international writers to exclusive book launches and gaming sessions for tech enthusiasts… a number of major events marked the convention.
Special launches
The convention saw 100 participants who brought out local, national and international content. There were five launches — Garuda by Orange Radius, Item Dhamaka by Aayumi Productions, The Seven Beasts by Patridge Publications, Sarvasangraam and Dragon King by Raj Comics. It was the first anniversary for Raveesh of Orange Radius who was here for last year’s Hyderabad Comic Con as well. “It was pure mayhem in Bangalore Comic Con and the fun continues here,” said Raveesh with a laugh. The web comic Garuda focuses on the rise of a warrior. “We take a mythological story but we twist and turn it and churn it for the newage reader. There is no novelty in Ram and the grand tale is set in the alternate universe in the Bronze Age,” he stated.
The name ‘Item Dhamaka’ created quite a buzz at the convention and Pankaj Naik an illustrator-turned-artist loved every bit of the excitement. “It is the story of an apsara who gets banished from swarga and there is an asura who is her protector like a bodyguard,” explained Pankaj of the comic’s plot. Besides a special short comedy play, ‘SuperLosers - When superheroes go through mid-life crisis’ Raj Comics entered the scene with their Sarvasangram and Dragon King.
Sessions by international writers
When writers of international fame interacted with young fans, they proved to be big draws at the convention. Sessions by comic book author and screenwriter Nathan Edmondson, author and producer of Broadway shows Vivek Tiwary and well known comic writer Ron Marz saw these writers sharing their experiences. “I make up stuff for a living and it is the best job in the world,” joked writer Ron. A former journalist-turned-writer, he shared how journalism helped him chart a new career in writing. “It is the best training ground for writers. It teaches you to adhere to deadline and create your own style,” he said. About creating characters which are etched permanently in a readers’ mind, he said, “You have a gem of an idea. Sometimes it could be a first scene or the last scene in the comic. You have a visual and the writer builds up from there,” he revealed.
Planning Cosplay
On all the three days the convention turned out to be like a carnival, thanks to the Cosplay (costume play) held on all three days; the young crowd of boys and girls made the most of it. There were a sprinkling of characters walking around posing for photographs and selfies. Sai Vivek, a young doctor loved every bit of attention at the venue. He played his role of the clawed hero Wolverine well. “I have been growing a beard since a month,” he stated excitedly. There was this duo of scientist Arun Shankar and son Harsha who stepped out from their Star Wars territory.
Seeing through a comic panel
The convention saw more than 100 volunteers from various city colleges. Unlike last year, the stalls selling merchandise were more in number and were seen doing brisk business too. The only sore point was the space, the hall was jam-packed and couldn’t accommodate the floating population. At one point, it became difficult to walk and one had to literally squeeze one’s way through the counters.
Manna for photo-enthusiasts
The three-day event also proved a manna for photo-enthusiasts, who walked around with their cameras taking random pictures. “The way people dressed fascinate me and I love taking their pictures,” smiled Niralasa, an Eleventh grader. Engineering students Melvin Sam and his friends who made Happy Hyderabad video walked around shooting a video and talking to people. “We will be uploading the video in a couple of days where everyone shares their experiences,” he said. However, he pointed out more activities should have been planned at the convention. “In the US, if a sci-fi movie is releasing, the entire panel will be at Comic Con interacting with the crowd. We should have had such interactions too here at Hyderabad,” he added.

Brace For a Choppy Ride in Near Term: Angel BrokingYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Brace For a Choppy Ride in Near Term: Angel Broking
Published On:                  October 13, 2014                 | Duration: 12 min, 15 sec
Tweet
Phani Sekhar, fund manager of PMS at Angel Broking, said markets are likely to be volatile over this week or two as companies come out with their results. He expects 16 per cent earnings growth in the second quarter excluding the oil & gas pack.

Traditional Retail Will Become Archaic: Emkay GlobalYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Traditional Retail Will Become Archaic: Emkay Global
Published On:                  October 13, 2014                 | Duration: 19 min, 57 sec

A journey into the unknownNEW DELHI, October 14, 2014
Updated: October 14, 2014 00:21 IST
A journey into the unknown
Priyansh
Delhi Dynamos FC members at a practice session on Monday. Photo: Sandeep Saxena
TOPICS
soccer
Dynamos, Pune have had their training sessions behind closed doors
In recent weeks, Delhi Dynamos and generally the whole of Hero Indian Super League has been surrounded by a sense of mystique.
With the competition kicking off on Sunday, some realities have begun to seep through.
But much still needs to be learnt. Dynamos and FC Pune City have conducted their training sessions and friendly matches behind closed doors.
Even on the eve of their opening encounter at the Jawaharlal Stadium on Tuesday, both sides allowed the media to witness its preparations for 15 minutes only.
Hence, one has to rely on the managers to offer an insight on the progression of their plans. “We worked very hard in the past five-six weeks to build a team.
“We don’t know where we stand right now but we are ready for tomorrow,” said the Dynamos head coach Harm van Veldhoven.
So is Alessandro Del Piero, despite having appeared in just one friendly encounter over the last month.
The rest of the Dynamos squad is fit and available but there’s one bit of preparation that has left van Veldhoven a little discontented.
“I would have liked the pitch to be wider. But hopefully, since it’s shorter too, that will help our forwards to score more goals,” reckoned the Dynamos manager.
All things considered, one can’t claim with conviction that either side enjoys a particular advantage.
It’s a journey into the unknown; it will be fascinating certainly, but could pan out horribly for one set of players.
To combat uncertainty, Pune’s squad had undergone a week-long training in Florence.
The benefits of the franchise’s association with Fiorentina didn’t end there. Pune played a friendly against the Italian club’s youth side and received assistance in recruiting manager Franco Colomba.
Colomba’s side is expected to rely on a possession-based approach; its Italian defensive core is considered to be a major strength.
In the midfield, Lenny Rodrigues is likely to occupy the central positions along with Kostas Katsouranis. Israil Gurung, nicknamed ‘German Shepherd’ by his teammates for the pace he offers, should start on one of flanks.
However, Joaquim Abranches, Davide Colomba and Pratik Shinde will be unavailable due to fitness problems.

Extreme Fear in U.S. stock marketExtreme Fear in stock market
By Heather Long   @byHeatherLong October 13, 2014: 5:38 PM ET
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Columbus Day was anything but a holiday for investors.
U.S. stocks got creamed again. The Dow slid another 223 points.
CNNMoney's Fear & Greed Index is a good indicator of market momentum. Today it hit zero. That's a huge red flag and showcases extreme fear in the stock market.
The only other time the index ever touched that low point is in August 2011 -- shortly after Standard & Poor's downgraded the U.S. debt.
Volatility -- or what some are calling "market whiplash" -- is clearly back in the market. The VIX , an index that measures volatility and is one of the factors that goes into the Fear & Greed Index -- spiked again today. It's up a whopping 60% in the past week alone.
For most investors, what really matters is the bottom line. A month ago, the S&P 500 was up around 8% for the year. After a wave of sell-offs, including on Monday, the S&P 500 is only up 1.4%.
It's worse for the Dow, which is now down 1.5% for the year.
Related: Is it time to exit stocks?
What's driving the latest market slide? Many thought today would be light trading and little action because of the holiday.
Ebola was the most obvious fear factor and the worst bout of selling came in the final hour of the market.
The airlines were hit hard -- Delta ( DAL ) dropped over 6% and Southwest ( LUV )fell 5.5% -- on worries that vacationers and businesses will curtail travel until the virus is contained.
 
How to tell when investors are scared
On the flip side, Lakeland Industries ( LAKE ), a maker of hazmat suits -- soared nearly 50%.
But the tension is the market seems deeper than just Ebola or even ISIS. There's ongoing worry about how unhealthy Europe's economy is. There was little data out Monday, but more members of the Federal Reserve are starting to voice concern about what's going on around the globe.
The market also crossed an important barrier. The S&P 500 dipped below its 200-day moving average. That's akin to an A student suddenly scoring a B or C grade on an assignment.
"The 200-day has not been breached since 11/08/12," said Randy Frederick, Managing Director of Trading and Derivatives at the Schwab Center for Financial Research.
The S&P 500 ended the day at 1,875.
Tech stocks get hit: Energy and tech stocks also got shaved. Oil continues to trade around $85 , a low point not seen for over two years. While cheap gas could help consumers, it translates to lower profits for shareholders of energy companies. Halliburton ( HAL ) and Chesapeake Energy ( CHK ) were among the worst performers in the S&P 500 Monday.
Smaller tech companies were the first to slip in the sell-off that started in September. Now larger companies are joining the plunge. Today Twitter ( TWTR , Tech30 ) shed 3.8%, Yahoo ( YHOO , Tech30 ) fell 3.1%, and Netflix ( NFLX , Tech30 ) was off 3%.
Related: It's market check time for stocks as earnings begin
What's next? No one has a crystal ball on the market. Some are calling this a buying opportunity as the market dips.
"thank all for selling i am a strong buyer here Bullish," wrote bbar on StockTwits, a social media platform for traders.
Others see a rough end to the year.
"If market doesn't catch a bid from earnings, I wager we have our first negative year since 2009," commented PharoahNC on StockTwits.
Despite being down sharply in recent days, The S&P 500 isn't even in a true "correction" yet. It's down just shy of 7% from its highs. A correction would constitute a 10% drop.
A number of prominent companies will report earnings Tuesday including JPMorgan ( JPM ), Citigroup ( C ) and Wells Fargo ( WFC ) in the morning and Intel ( INTC , Tech30 ) after the bell. Their results will likely set the tone for trading.
First Published: October 13, 2014: 5:06 PM ET
Most Popular

Is your city the next PortlandiaIs your city the next Portlandia?
By Aimee Rawlins   @aimeerawlins October 7, 2014: 12:21 PM ET
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Portland, Ore., has been spoofed as a hipster haven, but in fact, the city has long been ahead of the curve in terms of urban planning. And now the rest of the world wants a part of it.
The city created a Bicycle Plan in 1973; turned a freeway into a riverfront park in 1978 and built a light rail (instead of a highway) in 1986. Today, it has the highest percent of bicycle commuters, one of the best urban park systems, and a downtown composed of almost entirely green buildings.
"If we have a global brand, it's the green and sustainability of Portland," said Chris Harder, economic development director of the Portland Development Council.
So when city officials started brainstorming ways to increase Portland's exports, they looked beyond traditional materials like timber and metal.
"Mayors and city officials from around the world would visit and ask how Portland did it," Harder said. "'Why were you able to invest in lightrail years before other cities? How did you encourage dense urban development when other cities were sprawling? Why are you the top of the list in LEED buildings?'"
CNNMoney's Most Innovative Cities
And so We Build Green Cities was born. The PDC initiative started as a marketing opportunity but quickly became a way to leverage Portland's "green" brand into global opportunities for local firms.
"We spent a lot of time identifying what markets we should be focused on," said Harder. "We narrowed it down to markets that are rapidly urbanizing or prioritizing smart cities initiatives."
They settled on four countries: Japan, Colombia, China and Brazil, all of which Portland already had deep cultural ties with.
Conversations with Japanese officials moved the quickest, and in January, three Portland firms -- ZGF Architects, Glumac and Murase Associates -- signed contracts in Kashiwanoha, a city north of Tokyo.
A rendering of Kashiwanoha from ZGF Architects
While it's still in the very early stages, the architecture and engineering firms from Portland aim to use their decades of experience to create an "eco-district" in Kashiwanoha. The idea behind an eco-district (of which Portland has several) is that multiple buildings share things like energy, waste and water -- creating a system that is incredibly efficient.
"One of the big things that we've worked on is the handling of water," said Jan Willemse, managing director of ZGF.
This will make the area more sustainable (think green roofs and ditches to divert stormwater runoff) and will also be used to "activate the public space," according to Scott Murase, designer at Murase. He's been designing similar spaces in Portland for decades -- using water to create areas that people actually want to hang out in.
Quiz: What innovative city is right for you?
Because the idea behind Kashiwanoha isn't just an efficient suburb: It's creating a city that actually has a sense of place, which Portland is lauded for.
"[Kashiwanoha is] a very technologically advanced development," said Craig Briscoe, a designer with Glumac. "But I think the developers looked around and thought that for all its technological advancement, they hadn't really built a neighborhood, they had built a place that people go in the evenings."
A big piece of what they'll be looking to fix is the ratio of jobs to residential spaces. In Portland's Pearl District (one of the city's most lauded neighborhoods in terms of design and public space), Willemse said there are about four or five jobs per housing unit. When they first started looking at Kashiwanoha, the ratio was about 1-1.
"It's not just about making beautiful spaces," he said. "It's the mix of uses that leads to vibrancy."
It's an approach that Portland has mastered. In the city's downtown area, all the blocks are 200 feet by 200 feet -- much smaller than other cities -- which means "you don't have to walk very far to get to the corners," said Kirk Davis, who led Glumac's work in Japan. "And the corners are where the action are."
Greatest urban projects of all time
"Portland did some pretty cool stuff in terms of codifying activity between the ground floor and street," Davis continued. "There's a connection as a pedestrian -- you feel invited to get into these spaces."
Portland's background with placemaking, craftsmanship and sustainability puts it in a unique position to share its expertise with the world. But Harder thinks it's a lesson that can be applied across the board.
"You've got to export who you are," he said. "And this is who we are: Quirky, crunchy, environmental, Portlandia-type philosophy that we've had here for a long time. It used to be who we are as people, now we're leveraging it."
What's innovative about your city? Let us know by posting your photo and description to #CNNCities on Instagram.
First Published: October 7, 2014: 7:20 AM ET
Most Popular

Mumbai City FC skipper Nabi out for 3 weeksUpdated: October 15, 2014 00:43 IST
Mumbai City FC skipper Nabi out for 3 weeks
Special Correspondent
The Hindu Mumbai City FC skipper Syed Rahim Nabi suffered an ankle injury on Sunday. File Photo
TOPICS
soccer
Syed Rahim Nabi suffered an ankle injury during the team’s opening match on Sunday.
Mumbai City FC captain Syed Rahim Nabi is out for three weeks with an ankle injury, suffered in the Indian Super League opening tie against Athletico de Kolkata at Kolkata’s Salt Lake stadium.
The Indian international is supposed to have a contusion over the left ankle, as per information from the franchise medical team. Nabi has a knee cast and has commenced rehabilitation. The statement said: “There is a suspected partial sprain of one of the ankle ligaments. The MRI reveals that there is neither a fracture nor a ligament/ soft tissue injury.”
Substituted by Nadong Bhutia following the first-half injury, Nabi was part of a four-man midfield

take out several lump sumsNew plans by the Treasury to give savers more freedom over their pension pots have been sharply criticised by an industry expert.
It follows the government's announcement of new rules on tax-free withdrawals from pension funds.
"The chancellor appears to be creating the perfect environment for a mis-selling scandal," said Tom McPhail of Hargreaves Lansdown.
However, the Treasury has insisted that thousands of pensioners will benefit.
From April 2015, savers will be able to dip into their pension savings when they want.
Each time they do, 25% of what they take out will be tax-free.
Under current rules, a 25% withdrawal must be taken as a single lump sum on retirement to be free of tax.
Chancellor George Osborne said: "People who have worked hard and saved all their lives should be free to choose what they do with their money, and that freedom is central to our long-term economic plan."
'System failure'
Pensions expert Tom McPhail said he supported the new freedom that savers will have.
But he warned that those who withdraw money from a pension pot and then invest it could end up with very poor returns.
"Many professionals struggle to get it right, so the idea that at least some inexperienced investors won't get it wrong is recklessly naïve."
He is particularly worried for those who invest without getting the help of a financial adviser.
Such advisers are regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA).
However, there is much less protection for people who make their own decisions to invest.
"Without regulatory oversight, when investors do run out of money - and some will - there'll be no accountability for this system failure," he said.
However the Treasury insisted that the reforms would be beneficial for millions of retirees.
"From next year they'll be able to access as much or as little of their defined contribution pension as they want and pass on their hard-earned pensions to their families tax free," said chancellor George Osborne.
"For some people an annuity will be the right choice whereas others might want to take their whole tax-free lump sum and convert the rest to drawdown.
"We've extended the choices even further by offering people the option of taking a number of smaller lump sums, instead of one single big lump sum," Mr Osborne said.
'Popular' move
Pensions expert Dr Ros Altmann said the government's changes have the potential to help millions of pension savers make better use of their pension funds.
"Being free to access their money freely as they need to, rather than being forced to buy particular products, will be very popular, however people need to know that their pension provider will allow them to take advantage of the new freedoms," she said.
The government announced earlier this year that about 320,000 people would get the freedom to access pension pots flexibly without being hit with punitive tax rates.
Individuals will also be able to pass on their unused defined contribution funds to a nominated beneficiary when they die, rather than paying the 55% tax charge which currently applies.
More on This Story

September WPI inflation dips to 5-year low of 2.38%consumer price index
(The fall was sharper than…)
NEW DELHI: Wholesale inflation fell to a near five-year low in September owing to a sharp decline in fuel and food prices, raising hopes following an equally steep fall in consumer inflation that the Reserve Bank of India may begin to cut interest rates sooner than expected to boost the faltering economic recovery.
Inflation based on Wholesale Price Index ( WPI ) eased to 2.38% in September, compared to a year ago, well below 3.74% in the previous month and lowest since 1.78% in October 2009, data released by the commerce and industry ministry on Tuesday showed.
The fall was sharper than 3.2% forecast by analysts. As per data released on Monday, consumer inflation fell to 6.46% in September, the lowest since government started tracking consumer price inflation in January 2012. The sharper than expected fall in both wholesale and retail inflation has raised hopes that monetary easing could begin as early as January-March quarter given that industrial recovery looks to be faltering. Industrial production rose only 0.4% each in July and August. "There is a strong case of a rate cut now. RBI will have one more data point to look at next month.
The numbers have an advantage of both domestic and global prices moving downwards, strengthening the case for a rate cut," said Madan Sabnavis, chief economist at CARE Ratings. Experts say RBI's consumer inflation target of 6%, set to be achieved by January 2016, looks achievable now.
"While RBI maintains its view of an upside risk to its 6% CPI target (albeit lower in September policy), we believe that the upside risks have subsided materially," Citi economist Rohini Malkani said, adding that "the window to ease rates could open up in 2015". According to experts, one factor that could deter RBI from an immediate rate cut is the statistical base effect that has magnified the decline in inflation. This will peak in November and thereafter rates could rise for statistical reasons, other things being equal.
RBI will also keep an eye out on food inflation, which declined to its lowest in nearly three years but could rise if the anticipated decline in winter vegetables prices does not materialise because of poor monsoon.
Industry body CII said the decline in inflation "provides space to the RBI to review its cautious stance on interest rates", adding that inflation should soften going ahead.
FEATURED ARTICLES

DLF shares tank 25% after Sebi s 3-year ban orderStock tanks 28%, DLF may have to lower prices
Vandana Ramnani , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 14, 2014
First Published: 09:31 IST(14/10/2014) | Last Updated: 01:37 IST(15/10/2014)
Comments
DLF’s shares tanked over 28% Tuesday, a day after the market regulator barred India’s biggest realtor from selling shares for three years, triggering concerns about its ability to fund projects and repay loans.
Analysts said the Securities Exchange Board of India’s (SEBI’s) Monday ruling could force DLF to lower property prices, leading to an overall correction in the National Capital Region given the company’s market leadership in the region, analysts said.
“We expect this capital-market ban to result in a meaningful price correction as DLF liquidates unsold inventory in its completed projects to generate operating cash flows,” Ambit, a brokerage firm, said in a research report.
The company, credited with building Gurgaon, commands nearly 60% market share in the glitzy Millennium City that borders the Capital.
“If it ends up selling land and development projects and ongoing projects at a discounted rate, it will have an impact on the overall real estate-market sentiment,” said a real estate consultant, who did not wish to be identified.
“DLF’s inability to access capital markets could impact its fund-raising programme,” Macquarie research said. “DLF, in this case, would have to resort to large asset sales to reduce debt in the future.”
Buyers are worried, too. “We see our projects in danger now. We doubt that they will be completed on time. People who have invested all their savings in these projects are anxious now,” said Sanjay Jain, secretary of the Capital Greens Flat Buyers Association, a DLF residential project in Moti Nagar, New Delhi.
DLF had failed to meet the 2012 deadline for the handover of flats that were still incomplete, Jain said. They are now planning to take the company to court.
DLF is India’s most indebted property developer. As of June 30, its borrowings stood at Rs. 19,064 crore, higher than the market value of Rs. 18,701.33 crore.
The SEBI blow wiped Rs. 6,000 crore off its value Tuesday when its stock plunged 28.5 % to Rs. 104.15.
The company might need to dig deep into its commercial properties put out on rent, analysts said. “The only saving grace in its portfolio are assets that earn annual rentals of more than Rs. 2,100 crore. It can always — in the worst case scenario — sell these income-producing assets to generate more than Rs. 20,000 crore which is equal to their total debt,” said another consultant on condition of anonymity.
SEBI has barred the company and six top executives, including promoter-chairman KP Singh, from accessing the securities market, choking its options to raise fresh funds.
The move came after seven years of investigation into the charges that the realtor didn’t give complete information when it went public in 2007.
In recent years, DLF has faced a welter of problems including angry lawsuits by customers upset with project delays and political controversies surrounding its alleged links with Robert Vadra, son-in-law of Congress president Sonia Gandhi.
DLF has promised to “defend itself to the fullest extent” against the accusations and said it was “confident of the vindication of its stand”.

UN ignores Pakistan bid to seek intervention on KashmirUN snubs Pak, says won’t interfere on Kashmir
HTC and Agencies  New York / New Delhi, October 14, 2014
First Published: 12:12 IST(14/10/2014) | Last Updated: 00:04 IST(15/10/2014)
Comments
Pakistan was left red-faced Tuesday when its latest efforts seeking UN intervention on Kashmir failed to draw a new response from the world body, which reiterated that India and Pakistan need to resolve their differences through dialogue.
Sartaj Aziz, adviser to Pakistan PM Nawaz Sharif on national security and foreign affairs, had written to UN secretary general Ban Ki-moon on the recent border tension with India and sought the UN’s intervention, stepping up its attempts to internationalise the Kashmir issue.
Ban’s deputy spokesperson Farhan Haq, when asked to comment on Ban’s viewpoint on the letter, referred to a statement made last week where the UN chief encouraged India and Pakistan to resolve all differences through dialogue to find a long-term solution for peace and stability in Kashmir.
The BJP hailed the UN’s snub to Pakistan as a diplomatic triumph for the Narendra Modi government. “Yet again the UN has snubbed Pakistan and has rejected its request. This shows that Pakistan has been yet again cornered in the international forum,” BJP spokesman Sambit Patra told reporters. “If Pakistan believes and wishes in peace, then it has to shun terrorism, it has to shun ceasefire violations and infiltration,” he added.
New Delhi, meanwhile, said it was willing to have a “serious dialogue” with Pakistan but questioned Islamabad’s sincerity.
“It seems, from what Pakistan is doing it is not interested in (bilateral) dialogue… the sending of a letter to the UN secretary general by Pakistan is a well-known tactic and it has not worked earlier and it will not work now. The road to a peaceful and cooperative relationship between India and Pakistan runs from Islamabad via Lahore to New Delhi. If you divert that road through New York or elsewhere, it will not serve any purpose... and will be diversionary tactics,” said external affairs ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin.
He reiterated India’s stand that only Shimla Agreement and Lahore Declaration provided the framework to resolve India-Pak issues and there was no role for a third party.
The UN has an observer group in India and Pakistan to monitor ceasefire violations, which have escalated in the past few weeks and claimed nearly 20 lives. India has however always maintained that the observer group has “outlived its relevance” and has “no role to play whatsoever” on the issue.

September WPI inflation at five-year low of 2.38%Comments
India’s wholesale inflation rate plunged to 2.38% in September, the lowest in five years, aided by a sharp drop in vegetable and petrol prices, data released on Tuesday showed, rekindling hopes that the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will cut interest rates soon.
The more than one percentage point drop in wholesale inflation rates over August’s 3.74% should bring cheer to the NDA government, which rode to a landslide election victory promising to bring down prices of essentials as part of its poll pledge to usher in ‘Aachen din’ (good days).
“It is heartening to note that we have been able to bring food inflation under control. Growth in vegetable and protein prices that have been contributing to the recent increase in inflation rates have shrunk thanks to the steps taken by the government,” finance minister Arun Jaitley said.
Wholesale food inflation, a measure of how costly the platter has become, grew 3.52% compared to the previous month’s 5.15%. Wholesale vegetable prices fell 14.98% in September on a year-on-year basis, while onion prices plunged 58.12%.
“We are committed to continuing reforms in food markets that will improve supply responses and keep inflation low and stable. At the same time, fiscal consolidation and a new monetary policy framework will help bring down inflationary expectations. We are confident that soon we will be achieving a low and stable inflation rate,” he said.
It was also the lowest since 1.79% of October 2009, a period when demand for goods fell sharply battered by the worst global recession in 80 years.
Besides, with crude oil prices falling to below $90 a barrel, expect retail diesel prices to come down further.
On Tuesday, the government cut retail petrol prices by more than Rs. 1 a litre.
Manufactured products inflation — a broad index to gauge price movements of industrial goods — was lower at 2.84% in September compared to August’s 3.45%, but still higher than last September’s 2.36%.
Retail inflation also eased in September to 6.46% year-on-year from 7.73% in the previous month, data showed last week, although that is still above the central bank’s target of 6% by 2016.
The RBI, which has maintained status quo in interest rate since January, will review its monetary policy on December 2.
The RBI primarily factors in the retail inflation while framing the monetary policy.

Simon Atkinson s report from MumbaiMedia playback is unsupported on your device
India's inflation shows signs of easing
14 October 2014 Last updated at 03:25 BST
The cost of living is a sensitive topic in India, with people plagued by the problem of rising prices.
High food prices contributed to the last government being thrown out of office last year.
Four months on, the latest inflation data shows that although prices are still rising, they are doing so at a slower pace.
The BBC's Simon Atkinson reports from Mumbai.

latest pension reformsNew plans by the Treasury to give savers more freedom over their pension pots have been sharply criticised by an industry expert.
It follows the government's announcement of new rules on tax-free withdrawals from pension funds.
"The chancellor appears to be creating the perfect environment for a mis-selling scandal," said Tom McPhail of Hargreaves Lansdown.
However, the Treasury has insisted that thousands of pensioners will benefit.
From April 2015, savers will be able to dip into their pension savings when they want.
Each time they do, 25% of what they take out will be tax-free.
Under current rules, a 25% withdrawal must be taken as a single lump sum on retirement to be free of tax.
Chancellor George Osborne said: "People who have worked hard and saved all their lives should be free to choose what they do with their money, and that freedom is central to our long-term economic plan."
'System failure'
Pensions expert Tom McPhail said he supported the new freedom that savers will have.
But he warned that those who withdraw money from a pension pot and then invest it could end up with very poor returns.
"Many professionals struggle to get it right, so the idea that at least some inexperienced investors won't get it wrong is recklessly naïve."
He is particularly worried for those who invest without getting the help of a financial adviser.
Such advisers are regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA).
However, there is much less protection for people who make their own decisions to invest.
"Without regulatory oversight, when investors do run out of money - and some will - there'll be no accountability for this system failure," he said.
However the Treasury insisted that the reforms would be beneficial for millions of retirees.
"From next year they'll be able to access as much or as little of their defined contribution pension as they want and pass on their hard-earned pensions to their families tax free," said chancellor George Osborne.
"For some people an annuity will be the right choice whereas others might want to take their whole tax-free lump sum and convert the rest to drawdown.
"We've extended the choices even further by offering people the option of taking a number of smaller lump sums, instead of one single big lump sum," Mr Osborne said.
'Popular' move
Pensions expert Dr Ros Altmann said the government's changes have the potential to help millions of pension savers make better use of their pension funds.
"Being free to access their money freely as they need to, rather than being forced to buy particular products, will be very popular, however people need to know that their pension provider will allow them to take advantage of the new freedoms," she said.
The government announced earlier this year that about 320,000 people would get the freedom to access pension pots flexibly without being hit with punitive tax rates.
Individuals will also be able to pass on their unused defined contribution funds to a nominated beneficiary when they die, rather than paying the 55% tax charge which currently applies.
More on This Story

Cyclone Hudhud: Nature hath no furyTwo days after cyclone Hudhud battered the coast, residents of Visakhapatnam continue to live in darkness. Communication networks are down too.
To add to their woes, there is acute shortage of drinking water, milk and other essential commodities.
Andhra Pradesh and Odisha have been severely hit, despite thousands of people finding solace in storm shelters and relief camps.
Here are some photos that bring out the plight of those who are recuperating from the damage that Hudhud wrecked upon them.
 
The damaged roof of the Visakhapatnam airport terminal. (AFP Photo/Andhra Pradesh state government)
People rush to a relief camp at Kakinada, Andhra Pradesh. (PTI Photo)
Food packets being prepared for the cyclone affected people in Vishakapatnam. (PTI Photo)
Upturned boats and damaged buildings are pictured along the coast after Hudhud made landfall in Visakhapatnam. (AFP Photo)
 
A view of Kailashpuri costal area at Visakhapatnam. (Arun Sharma/HT Photo)
A long queue at petrol pump in Visakhapatnam. (Arun Sharma/ HT Photo)
Andhra Pradesh chief minister N Chandrababu Naidu visits the Hudhud cyclone affected areas in Vishakapatnam. (PTI Photo)
An uprooted tree is pictured across a road in Visakhapatnam. Workers rushed to restore communication and power links and clear roads. (AFP Photo)
An eroded road and boardwalk in Vishakhapatnam. (AFP Photo)
People pass by damaged electric pole in Vishakapatnam on Monday. (PTI Photo)
A picture of the swathe of destruction caused by cyclone Hudhud in Vizag. (Arun Sharma/ HT Photo)
People crowd at a petrol pump to get fuel in Vishakapatnam. (PTI Photo)
People during a cremation ceremony of a 47-year-old man who died in cyclone Hudhud at R K Beach in Visakhapatnam. (Arun Sharma/ HT Photo)
A fisherman walks near the anchored fishing boats as strong winds blow a day after Hudhud pounded the Bay of Bengal coast in Gopalpur, Orissa. (AP Photo/Biswaranjan Rout)
A house in Visakhapatnam that gave way under the storm. (PTI Photo) 
Children of Ramaya Patna village taking cooked food at a shelter center (school building) in Odisha. (Arabinda Mahapatra/ HT Photo)

2 cops killed in 72 hours: Delhi s law enforcers at the mercy of criminalsComments
The constant attacks on police officers on duty indicate that those who are supposed to enforce law need protection themselves.
A 42-year-old constable was gunned down while his colleague was shot at by five assailants travelling in an autorickshaw in outer Delhi’s Vijay Vihar on Monday.
This was the second attack on policemen on duty in the past 72 hours in Delhi. This year, there have been 17 such cases in which four police personnel have lost their lives. Two cases remain unsolved.
Last year, there was a significant drop in such cases after the police started fighting back and executed a few successful encounters with criminals following a steep rise in such crimes reported in 2012.
42-year-old constable Jagvir Singh was gunned down while his colleague was shot at by five assailants travelling in an autorickshaw in outer Delhi’s Vijay Vihar.
Statistics suggest that men in uniform were attacked for doing their job almost every month this year. In 2012, as many as 20 cases were reported and four policemen lost their lives.
This year, only three days ago, two constables patrolling Shankar Market in Connaught Place area had a miraculous escape when three criminals from Uttar Pradesh’s Moradabad fired at them after they were asked to furnish identity
proof.
The murder of constable Dharampal in northeast Delhi’s Jafrabad by two unidentified bike-borne criminals on September 27 is another incident that highlights how men in khaki are unsafe in the Capital. The police are still clueless about who killed Dharampal.
The most gruesome of the attacks took place in 2012 when head constable Kailash Chander was stabbed as many as 27 times all over his body by a gang of four petty criminals.
His body was discovered in a pool of blood at a park in Dwarka on May 5.

5 held guilty of gang rape of BPO executive in DelhiAll 5 held guilty in Delhi's Dhaula Kuan rape case
Avantika Mehta , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 14, 2014
First Published: 14:41 IST(14/10/2014) | Last Updated: 21:50 IST(14/10/2014)
Comments
A city court on Tuesday convicted five men of abducting and gang-raping a call centre employee in Delhi in 2010, one of the first cases that drew attention to growing sexual violence against women in the city.
The sensational gang rape of the 30-year-old woman, known as the Dhaula Kuan gang rape, transfixed the city for weeks and brought into focus the issue of safety of working women – especially women working late shifts at call centres – in India.
The prosecution said the men abducted the woman while she was walking home with a colleague near Dhaula Kuan after being dropped off by an office cab after midnight. They grabbed the women, threatened them with a country-made pistol and tried to force them into their vehicle, but the victim’s friend managed to escape after a brief struggle and call police. The five men drove to west Delhi’s Mangolpuri where they took turns raping her and then dumped her on an isolated road.
In a 131-page judgment delivered in a tense room filled with the convicts’ family and media, Additional Sessions Judge Virender Bhat found  Usman, Shamshad, Shahid, Iqbal and Kamruddin guilty of working together to kidnap, gang-rape, and criminally intimidate the 30-year-old rape survivor on November 24, 2010.
The sentence will be announced on Friday. The maximum sentence for gang rape in India is life imprisonment and a judge cannot give less than 10 years for rape.
Following the incident, Delhi Police ordered call centres in the NCR to drop female employees home safely and provide them security while travelling at night. The department also instructed PCR vans to be visible on roads and one officer to remain outside every such vehicle at all times.
All five accused said they had been falsely implicated. Usman’s counsel said police tampered with DNA evidence to procure a guilty verdict. The court dismissed the contentions and added that the convicts Usman and Shamshad had confessed to the crime in disclosure statements to police.
The victim's father told HT she was threatened and also offered money to withdraw her complaint.
“My daughter has received threat calls from unknown people to withdraw the case. Initially they offered us money to keep our mouths shut but when we did not accept their offers they started threatening us. We had to move her back home fearing her life,” said her father.
According to him, his daughter had fought to  move from the north-east to Delhi where after a yearlong job search she managed to find a job in a call centre in Gurgaon.
A recent Commonwealth survey found that a rape has taken place every 25 minutes in India over the past 13 years, though activists say only 10% of sexual violence cases are actually reported to police.
The brutal gang rape of a young medical student in Delhi in December 2012 forced the government to amend existing laws and criminalise voyeurism, stalking and the trafficking of women. The law, passed by Parliament in March 2013, also makes it a crime for police officers to refuse to open cases when complaints are made.

Nirbhay  missile scheduled to be test fired...You are here: Home > Collections > Brahmos
'Nirbhay' missile scheduled to be test fired on Friday
PTI Oct 14, 2014, 03.25PM IST
Tags:
BrahMos
(India is ready for the second…)
BALASORE (ODISHA): India is ready for the second test fire of its indigenously developed sub-sonic long range cruise missile 'Nirbhay' from the Integrated Test Range at Chandipur .
"Range co-ordination and installation of missile and its sub-system is near complete and the test fire may be taken up on Friday if everything goes as scheduled," said a scientist of Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) associated with the project.
It would be the second developmental trial of the missile. The first test was conducted on March 12, 2013 from the same base. However, "the flight had to be terminated mid-way, as deviations were observed from its intended course," said an official.
India has with its arsenal 290 km range supersonic " BrahMos " cruise missile which is jointly developed by India and Russia. But 'Nirbhay' with long range capability is a different kind of missile being developed by the Aeronautical development Establishment (ADE), a DRDO lab in Bangalore.
Nirbhay has good loitering capability, good control and guidance, high degree of accuracy in terms of impact and very good stealth features, the official said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

IOC to invest $4 bn in British Columbia  CanadaBritish Columbia
(Indian Oil Corporation…)
NEW DELHI: Indian Oil Corporation will invest USD 4 billion in the British Columbia province, Canada, to source liquefied natural gas from the region.
Premier of British Columbia, Canada Christy Clark said: "Indian Oil is poised to make its biggest investment in Canada to secure natural gas for India from BC."
She said the state-run firm will invest USD 4 billion for securing LNG supplies from the Canadian province. IOC , in May, signed a deal to buy 10 per cent stake in shale-gas assets and a linked liquefied natural gas (LNG) project in British Columbia.
The Canadian asset will produce as much as 19.68 million tonnes of LNG a year for 25 years starting in 2018.
That apart, Clark said, GMR Group of India and IC-Impacts of her province will now work together on safe and sustainable infrastructure like innovative pavement technology, construction design and water and waste water infrastructure.
Wooing domestic investors, she said: "We, in British Columbia, would like to partner with this great country to realise its potential by providing LNG to power its future. We recognise that there will be a mix of energy sources - coal, oil, solar, wind.
"India needs a million skilled workers a year, every year, for the next 15 years. We can help. If we can help train 3,000 and 300 of them help us build an LNG industry -- it's good for you and good for us."
Reliance Industries has also signed on with IC-Impacts to share research, training and develop new technologies in such areas as specialised building materials for infrastructure like bridges, roads and buildings.
The state government of Punjab and BC have committed to work together on skills training, education and agriculture.
Projecting BC as an attractive destination for investment in the LNG space, Clarke said: "There are several advantages -- short transportation time to Asia to save cost, lower operating costs, vast gas reserves, stable and reliable jurisdiction and a strong regulatory regime."
The Canadian province is also expecting big ticket investments in its energy space from other geographies as well. It is likely to finalise USD 36 billion from Petronas of Malaysia by this new year.
Earlier this week, Clark announced a funding for 20 scholarships, worth a total of 50,000 dollars, to support and encourage two-way exchange of students between the University of the Fraser Valley (UFV) and Sanatan Dharma (SD) College in Chandigarh.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex closes in the red  Nifty above 7 850 | Bajaj Auto gains 2%; Q2 profit seen up 4%Sensex ends weaker by 34 point, Nifty above 7,850; DLF plunges 28% on SEBI order
PTI Oct 14, 2014, 03.54PM IST
Tags:
BSE
(The S&P BSE Realty Index…)
MUMBAI: The benchmark Sensex today washed out initial gains and ended nearly 35 points down at 26,349.33 on selling in realty, IT, consumer durable shares amid investors adopting caution ahead of key state elections.
Fall in retail inflation and wholesale price rise, which hit a five-year low in September, as well as better than expected earnings from RIL initially boosted markets but losses in HDFC, Tata Motors, ITC, HDFC Bank, ONGC and TCS dragged the Sensex into the red.
Shares of realty giant DLF today fell sharply by over 28 per cent, wiping out Rs 7,439 crore from its market valuation, after Sebi imposed a three-year ban on the company and six top executives from securities markets.
The BSE Sensex resumed higher at 26,537.42 and moved up further to 26,550.79 on initial buying mainly in healthcare, consumer durables, banking and refinery counters. However, it declined afterwards to 26,212.01 before ending at 26,349.33, showing a loss of 34.74 points or 0.13 per cent.
The CNX 50-share Nifty also moved down by 20.25 points, or 0.26 per cent, to end at 7,864.00.
"Maharashtra and Haryana will go to the polls for their respective state legislative assemblies on Wednesday (15 October)...the best case in these state elections is for the BJP to get an outright majority, which will improve centre-state co-ordination and consolidate the BJP's position in the Rajya Sabha," said a Nomura report.
Retail inflation dropped to 6.46 per cent in September on falling prices of fruits and vegetables, the lowest since India started computing Consumer Price Index (CPI) in January 2012. The September wholesale price inflation also fell to five year low of 2.38 per cent.
The provisional data released by the stock exchanges, showed that foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) sold shares worth a net Rs 671.06 crore yesterday.
Asian shares ended mixed despite US stocks posting their third straight decline as investors awaited earnings. Key indices in China, Hong Kong, Japan and Singapore declined by 0.24 per cent to 2.38 per cent while South Korea and Taiwan moved up by 0.11 per cent to 0.65 per cent.
Both the stock exchanges, BSE and NSE will remain closed tomorrow on the account of voting for assembly polls in Maharashtra.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Cyclone Hudhud: Modi announces Rs 1000 crore relief for Andhra PradeshPrime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday announced an interim relief of Rs. 1000 crore to Andhra Pradesh for the devastation  caused by Cyclone Hudhud in Vishakapatnam and other coastal areas. 
  
Tidal waves hit the Vizag beach as Cyclone Hudhud reaches Visakhapatnam. (PTI Photo)
Tidal waves hit Vizag beach as cyclone Hudhud reaches the port city of Visakhapatnam. (PTI Photo)
Fishermen negotiate their skiff through rough waves ahead of Cyclone Hudhud on Saturday. (AFP Photo)
People look at a sea tide at Vizag on Sunday. (PTI Photo)
A man carries his wife to safety after a wave hits a beach in Gopalpur in Ganjam district, Odisha. (Reuters)
A view of Visakhapatnam city due to Cyclone hudhud on Sunday. (Arun Sharma/HT Photo)
Huge waves hit the beach in Visakhapatnam on Sunday. (AFP Photo)
People move during rain in Berhampur near Gopalpur sea beach as cyclone Hudhud looms. (PTI photo)
NDRF jawans depart from their Mundali headquarters to the districts that could be hit by Cyclone Hudhud in Bhubaneswar on Friday. (PTI Photo)
Odisha Disaster Rapid Action Force (ODRAF) personnel who are to be deployed ahead of a new upcoming Cyclone Hudhud in Ganjam district, in Bhubaneswar. (Arabinda Mahapatra/HT photo)
Large waves buffet the coastline as Cyclone Hudhud makes landfall in Visakhapatnam. (AFP photo)
Residents of seaside village Satabhaya are rescued after their boat sank in Bausagali river in Odisha's Kendrapada district on Saturday. (Arabinda Mahapatra/ HT Photo)
"The Centre is fully with the people of Andhra pradesh. Both governments are working hand in hand," Modi told reporters at Vishakapatnam.
Modi made the announcement after visiting parts of the worst-affected port city and a review meeting with chief minister N. Chandrababu Naidu and top officials.
Modi, who made an aerial survey of the affected areas of both north coastal Andhra and Odisha, also declared Rs. 2 lakh from Prime Minister's Relief Fund for families of each of those killed and Rs. 50,000 to every injured.
He said the cyclone caused huge losses at a time when he was planning to develop Visakhapatnam into a smart city. He, however, exuded confidence that the central and state government will work together to overcome the challenge.
Naidu had earlier sought Rs. 2,000 crore as interim assistance and also wanted Modi to declare it a national calamity.
.
 
 
 Modi said the Centre and Andhra Pradesh government worked in perfect coordination "minute-to-minute" over the past five days to tackle the challenge posed by the cyclone which claimed 24 lives and left a trail of devastation in the coastal areas.
 
The local bodies, he said, also rose up to the task."It is important to note that a crisis of any magnitude can be overcome if the state and Centre work should-to-shoulder," he said.
       
The prime minister said the meteorological department had correctly forecast from October six itself the different aspects of the cyclone like its velocity, direction and time, leveraging the power of technology.
       
"The use of technology has helped in overcoming this crisis," the prime minister said.
      
Modi appreciated the residents of Visakhapatnam for following the directions of the government with discipline at the time of crisis, helping save precious lives..
More than 50 hours after Cyclone Hudhud struck , there is a severe shortage of  essential commodities in port city of Vishakapatnam, with people scrambling for milk, drinking water, vegetables and petrol even as power supply is yet to be restored.
 
Some residents complained that they are not getting drinking water and milk. Long queues were seen at petrol stations, where people have milled around for refill.
 
A resident pleaded with folded hands: "For people of Visakhapatnam, please give drinking water and other essential commodities. I have not seen such a bad situation in my life."
 
"The drinking water and milk costing Rs. 20 each are being sold for Rs. 50 as black-marketeers are having a field day," an angry resident said.
The water supply in Visakhapatnam would be restored by this evening, chief minister Naidu said. "We are procuring tankers from East Godavari, West Godavari, Krishna and Guntur districts. By evening, all would be able to take bath," he said.
 
"Some people are selling essential items at high prices. It is not fair to try to exploit the situation. We have taken a decision to provide packages of food items in all cyclone-hit areas," he said.
Authorities worked to restore communication lines, removing trees and electric poles and were trying to get air and train services back on track after strong winds damaged railroads and the airport.
“We need at least 100 years to rebuild our beautiful city,” said a worker, cutting an uprooted tree outside the collectorate.
The Visakhapatnam airport has been damaged with passenger terminals ravaged and the roof blown away.
 
The fishing harbour here also bore the brunt of the cyclone fury with scores of boats getting sunk and damaged, officials said.
  Relief teams were working round the clock to restore essential services, Visakhapatnam district collector N Yuvraj said.
The government is using Facebook, Twitter and WhatsApp to reach out to people.
Chief minister Naidu, who took a tour of some of the worst-hit areas on Tuesday, also visited a petrol pump to find out from the residents about the problem.
The state government, aided by NDRF and army personnel, began a massive relief operation on a war footing and facilitated flow of traffic on some of the major roads by removing the debris.
Besides Visakhapatnam, the other north coastal Andhra districts of Srikakulam, Vizianagaram and East Godavari have suffered widespread damage.
The gusty winds, with a speed of 170-180 kmph uprooted trees, electric poles and roofs of thatched houses all over the city when the storm made landfall and crossed the coast on Sunday last.

Ingram Micro to host special midnight sale o...Ingram Micro's reseller partners to host special midnight sale of Apple iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus
By ET Bureau | 14 Oct, 2014, 04.29PM IST
Apple's smartphones will be sold through 1,200 retail locations across India, Ingram Micro said in a statement.<br><br>Image: EPA.
ET SPECIAL:
NEW DELHI: Ingram Micro on Tuesday said that its reseller partners will host a special midnight sale of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus on Friday, October 17 across the country.
Apple's smartphones will be sold through 1,200 retail locations across India, Ingram Micro said in a statement.
iPhone 6 will be available starting at Rs 53,500 and iPhone 6 Plus will be available starting at Rs 62,500. Pre-orders for the two devices - iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus - have already started.
Both Apple iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus feature a new metal unibody design and run the latest iOS8 operating system. While the iPhone 6 comes with a 4.7-inch display (1334 x 750 pixels), the iPhone 6 Plus features a 5.5-inch full HD (1920 x 1080 pixels) display. Both phones share similar hardware with dual core Apple A8 processor, 1GB RAM and 16/64/128GB storage variant.
The iPhone 6 Plus on the other hand has a 8MP primary camera with optical image stabilization, 1.2MP front camera and a 2,915mAh battery.
Apple iPhone 6 16 GB variant is priced at Rs 53,500 for, while 64 GB and 128 GB variants are piced at Rs 62,500 and Rs 71,500, respectively.
For the Apple iPhone 6 Plus, the 16GB version is for Rs 62,500, 64GB for Rs 71,500 and the 128GB variant for Rs 80,500.

Centre to set inflation targets for RBIUpdated: October 13, 2014 03:15 IST
Exclusive
Centre to set inflation targets for RBI
Puja Mehra
The Hindu Under a proposed new regime, the RBI will set inflation as its top priority in its policy statements. File photo
TOPICS
central bank
Jaitley nod for policy revamp varies from Urjit Patel panel suggestion
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has given the go-ahead for a major overhaul of the current monetary policy framework wherein the Centre will specify ‘inflation targets’ for the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to achieve.
Under the proposed new regime, the RBI will set inflation as its top priority in its policy statements.
The decision departs from the recommendation of an expert committee of the RBI, appointed to examine monetary policy. Headed by Reserve Bank Deputy Governor Urjit R. Patel, the committee had recommended that the monetary policy decision-making should be vested with a monetary policy committee, chaired by the RBI Governor.
Other recommendations were that the apex bank adopt the new Consumer Price Index (CPI) as the measure of the nominal anchor for monetary policy. And that the RBI set the target CPI inflation level at 4 per cent (+/- 2 per cent) to be achieved through its monetary policy tools.
A senior Ministry official told The Hindu that the Modi government decided that the RBI “cannot set for itself an inflation target level of 4 per cent for all times to come…the Centre will set this target.”
Another Ministry source said: “It is best that inflation targets are set by the governments elected by the people and not a bunch of bureaucrats and economists sitting in the Reserve Bank.”
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan said here last week that many earlier reports including one by himself talked about the importance of central bank accountability and independence.
“It is important to ensure that the framework allows the central bank to have clear objectives and clear tools and the ability to achieve the goals,” Dr. Rajan had said in an interview.
In his 2014-15 budget speech Mr. Jaitley said the Modi government was keen on moving to a modern monetary policy framework to meet the challenges of an increasingly complex economy.
The Ministry official said the world was rethinking if inflation targeting should be the gold standard for monetary policy makers. The European Central Bank, for instance, follows ‘eclectic’ monetary policy approach where growth and other macroeconomic goals are also objectives.
CPI inflation grew at the rate of 7.8 per cent in August. In its monetary policy review held on September 30, the RBI said it expected it to drop to 6 per cent by January 2015 for which it was holding interest rates steady despite weakening industrial output growth.

RCF to invest Rs 4 500 cr to set up new urea...Ammonia
(The new project will be covered…)
NEW DELHI: State-run Rashtriya Chemicals and Fertilisers (RCF) is going to set up a new urea capacity at its Thal plant near Mumbai with an estimated investment of Rs 4,500 crore.
The new plant will have capacity of about 1.27 million tonnes of urea per annum and it will also produce ammonia .
The new project will be covered under the new urea investment policy, which has been recently notified by the government.
"We are expected to start this Thal III project in the next financial year and it is estimated that around Rs 4,500 crore would be invested in the project," Rashtriya Chemicals and Fertilisers Chairman and Managing Director R G Rajan told PTI.
Rajan added that project is likely to be completed in two years.
The PSU has already got pre-Public Investment Board (PIB) clearance for the project.
According to sources, the company will raise about Rs 3,500 crore from the banks to finance the project and the remaining funds will be raised internally.
Meanwhile, RCF is planning to set up a subsidiary 'RCF Videsh' that will specifically focus on ventures and assets abroad where feedstock natural gas is cheap or raw materials like phosphate are available in abundance.
The company is also likely to get the 'Navaratna' status this year, a move that will provide it with greater financial autonomy.
RCF, which already has 'Miniratna' status has already made a presentation before the DPE, and is likely to make a final presentation in the coming days, sources added.
The government plans to divest at least 5 per cent stake in RCF in 2015-16.
RCF had reported net profit of Rs 83.95 crore for the first quarter ended on June 30, on account of higher income.
RCF has annual capacity of 2.5 MT of urea and 7 lakh tonnes of complex fertilisers.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Oil falls to post-2010 low after IEA cuts fo...The global oil benchmark has dropped almost 25 per cent from its 2014 high in June as supplies have risen and global demand has slowed, creating a glut in many markets.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
LONDON: Brent crude fell to a fresh low below $88 a barrel on Tuesday, trading at the weakest level since 2010 after the West's energy watchdog cut its estimates for oil demand this year and next.
The global oil benchmark has dropped almost 25 per cent from its 2014 high in June as supplies have risen and global demand has slowed, creating a glut in many markets.
The International Energy Agency said on Tuesday world oil demand growth would be much weaker than previously expected and raised questions about OPEC's willingness to rein in supplies, suggesting oil prices may drop further.
"Recent price drops appear both supply and demand driven," the IEA said in its monthly oil market report. "Further oil price drops would likely be needed for supply to take a hit - or for demand growth to get a lift."
Brent crude dropped $1.30 to $87.59, its weakest point since December 2010, before recovering slightly to around $87.81 by 1112 GMT.
U.S. crude dropped $1.01 a barrel to $84.73 after it pared sharp intraday losses on Monday to settle down 8 cents.
The IEA, which advises industrialised countries on energy policy, cut its estimates for global oil demand growth by 250,000 barrels per day (bpd) for this year and by 90,000 bpd for 2015. It said demand for OPEC oil would be 200,000 bpd lower for both years.
The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries, which supplies more than a third of the world's oil, has shown little sign that it will cut output, despite a glut in many markets.
Saudi Arabia and Kuwait have both played down the possibility that the cartel would reduce output when it next meets on Nov. 27.
"IEA is pulling the plug in the oil market today," Bjarne Schieldrop, an oil analyst at SEB Enskilda, told Reuters Global Oil Forum.
DEMAND GROWTH REBOUND
Swiss oil market analyst Olivier Jakob said world oil inventories would rise by around 2 million bpd in a "major stock-build" in the first half of 2015 unless OPEC cut output.
"And that is without accounting for any easing of sanctions against Iran and with a still very strong demand growth rebound for next year," Jakob said.
Some analysts expect oil markets to recover ahead of peak winter demand in the northern hemisphere, however.
"We see the potential for a positive bounce into year-end, particularly given extremely bearish sentiment and positioning," Morgan Stanley analysts said in a note.
"Even if OPEC is not overly responsive before year-end, which we expect, fundamentals have turned, which should eventually lift crude prices."
Germany's economy could shrink in the third quarter but any recession, as defined by two or more consecutive quarters of declining output, should not last long, the chief economist of the think tank ZEW said on Tuesday.
Investors were looking ahead to weekly U.S. data on oil and product inventories for price direction.
U.S. commercial crude stocks were forecast to have increased in the week ended Oct. 10, while refined products are likely to have fallen, according to a Reuters survey ahead of the inventory reports out of the world's biggest oil consumer.
Industry group the American Petroleum Institute (API) will issue its report on Wednesday, and the U.S. Department of Energy's Energy Information Administration (EIA) will follow with its weekly data on Thursday. The reports have been delayed a day due to Monday's Columbus Day holiday.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Is Amazon the ruthless monopolist of e-comme...You are here: Home > Collections > Wal-mart
Does Amazon undercut competitors ruthlessly? Who cares?
New York Times Oct 14, 2014, 04.27AM IST
Tags:
By Joe Nocera
Is Amazon a monopoly?
That certainly is what Franklin Foer, the editor of The New Republic, thinks. In the magazine's current issue, he has written a lengthy polemic denouncing the company for all manner of sins. The headline reads: "Amazon Must Be Stopped."
"Shopping on Amazon," he writes, "has so ingrained itself in modern American life that it has become something close to our unthinking habit, and the company has achieved a level of dominance that merits the application of a very old label: monopoly."
Foer's brief is that Amazon undercuts competitors so ruthlessly and squeezes suppliers so brutally - "in its pursuit of bigness" - that it has become "highly worrisome." Its founder and chief executive, Jeff Bezos, "borrowed his personal style from the parsimonious Sam Walton," the founder of (shudder) Wal-Mart, and Foer notes that pushing suppliers has always been the key to Wal-Mart's low prices, just as it is for Amazon's.
But, he says, when Amazon does it, the effect is somehow "darker." Why? Because "without the constraints of brick and mortar, it considers nothing too remote from its core business, so it has grown to sell server space to the CIA, produce original television shows about bumbling congressmen, and engineer its own line of mobile phones." What, precisely, is darker about making TV shows about bumbling congressmen is left unsaid.
And then, of course, there is the book business, which Amazon most certainly dominates, with 67 percent of the e-book market and 41 percent of the overall book market, by some estimates. Foer devotes a big chunk of his essay to Amazon's ongoing efforts to "disintermediate" the book business, most vividly on display in its current battle over e-book pricing with Hachette, in which it is punishing Hachette by putting its books at a disadvantage on its website compared with other publishers' books. Foer worries about what Amazon's tactics will ultimately mean for book advances. And he fears that books will become commoditized - "deflating Salman Rushdie and Jennifer Egan novels to the price of a Diet Coke."
 
What he doesn't say - because he can't - is that Amazon is in clear violation of the country's antitrust laws. As Annie Lowrey and Matthew Yglesias both pointed out in blog posts (at New York magazine and Vox respectively), there is no possible way Amazon can legitimately be called a monopoly.
Lowrey notes that Amazon's sales amount to only "about 15 per cent of total e-commerce sales." Wal-Mart's e-commerce sales are growing at least as fast as Amazon's. Meanwhile, as Yglesias points out, Amazon has to compete with far larger rivals, including not just Wal-Mart, but Target and Home Depot in the brick-and-mortar world, and Google and Apple in the digital universe.
The truth is that American antitrust law is simply not very concerned with the fate of competitors. What it cares about is whether harm is being done to consumers. Wal-Mart has squashed many more small competitors than Amazon ever will, with nary a peep from the antitrust police.
Even in the one business Amazon does dominate - books - it earned its market share fair and square, by, among other things, inventing the first truly commercially successful e-reader. Even now, most people turn to Amazon for e-books not because there are no alternatives but because its service is superior.
"In confronting what to do about Amazon," Foer writes as his essay nears its conclusion, "first we have to realize our own complicity. We've all been seduced by the deep discounts, the monthly automatic diaper delivery, the free Prime movies, the gift wrapping, the free two-day shipping, the ability to buy shoes or books or pinto beans or a toilet all from the same place."
Our complicity? In fact, in its two decades of life, Amazon has redefined customer service in a way that has delighted people and caused them to return to the site again and again. Does Amazon have a dark side? Yes, it does - primarily in the way it has historically treated its warehouse workers. But to say that Amazon has to be stopped because it is giving people what they want is to misunderstand the nature of capitalism.
Let's be honest here: The intelligentsia is focused on Amazon not because it sells pinto beans or toilets, but because it sells books. That's their business. Amazon is changing the book industry in ways that threaten to diminish the role of publishers and traditional ways of publishing. Its battle with Hachette is a battle over control. It's not terribly different from the forces that ultimately disintermediated the music business.
As an author, I'm rooting for Hachette. The old system - in which the writer gets an advance, and the publisher markets the final product - works for me, as it does for most writers of serious nonfiction.
But, am I going to stop using Amazon? No way. I'm betting you won't either.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Cyclone Hudhud: Modi visits Vizag  announces Rs 1000 cr relief for Andhra PradeshPrime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday announced an interim relief of Rs. 1000 crore to Andhra Pradesh for the devastation  caused by Cyclone Hudhud in Vishakapatnam and other coastal areas. 
  
Tidal waves hit the Vizag beach as Cyclone Hudhud reaches Visakhapatnam. (PTI Photo)
Tidal waves hit Vizag beach as cyclone Hudhud reaches the port city of Visakhapatnam. (PTI Photo)
Fishermen negotiate their skiff through rough waves ahead of Cyclone Hudhud on Saturday. (AFP Photo)
People look at a sea tide at Vizag on Sunday. (PTI Photo)
A man carries his wife to safety after a wave hits a beach in Gopalpur in Ganjam district, Odisha. (Reuters)
A view of Visakhapatnam city due to Cyclone hudhud on Sunday. (Arun Sharma/HT Photo)
Huge waves hit the beach in Visakhapatnam on Sunday. (AFP Photo)
People move during rain in Berhampur near Gopalpur sea beach as cyclone Hudhud looms. (PTI photo)
NDRF jawans depart from their Mundali headquarters to the districts that could be hit by Cyclone Hudhud in Bhubaneswar on Friday. (PTI Photo)
Odisha Disaster Rapid Action Force (ODRAF) personnel who are to be deployed ahead of a new upcoming Cyclone Hudhud in Ganjam district, in Bhubaneswar. (Arabinda Mahapatra/HT photo)
Large waves buffet the coastline as Cyclone Hudhud makes landfall in Visakhapatnam. (AFP photo)
Residents of seaside village Satabhaya are rescued after their boat sank in Bausagali river in Odisha's Kendrapada district on Saturday. (Arabinda Mahapatra/ HT Photo)
"The Centre is fully with the people of Andhra pradesh. Both governments are working hand in hand," Modi told reporters at Vishakapatnam.
Modi made the announcement after visiting parts of the worst-affected port city and a review meeting with chief minister N. Chandrababu Naidu and top officials.
Modi, who made an aerial survey of the affected areas of both north coastal Andhra and Odisha, also declared Rs. 2 lakh from Prime Minister's Relief Fund for families of each of those killed and Rs. 50,000 to every injured.
He said the cyclone caused huge losses at a time when he was planning to develop Visakhapatnam into a smart city. He, however, exuded confidence that the central and state government will work together to overcome the challenge.
Naidu had earlier sought Rs. 2,000 crore as interim assistance and also wanted Modi to declare it a national calamity.
.
 
 
 Modi said the Centre and Andhra Pradesh government worked in perfect coordination "minute-to-minute" over the past five days to tackle the challenge posed by the cyclone which claimed 24 lives and left a trail of devastation in the coastal areas.
 
The local bodies, he said, also rose up to the task."It is important to note that a crisis of any magnitude can be overcome if the state and Centre work should-to-shoulder," he said.
       
The prime minister said the meteorological department had correctly forecast from October six itself the different aspects of the cyclone like its velocity, direction and time, leveraging the power of technology.
       
"The use of technology has helped in overcoming this crisis," the prime minister said.
      
Modi appreciated the residents of Visakhapatnam for following the directions of the government with discipline at the time of crisis, helping save precious lives..
More than 50 hours after Cyclone Hudhud struck , there is a severe shortage of  essential commodities in port city of Vishakapatnam, with people scrambling for milk, drinking water, vegetables and petrol even as power supply is yet to be restored.
 
Some residents complained that they are not getting drinking water and milk. Long queues were seen at petrol stations, where people have milled around for refill.
 
A resident pleaded with folded hands: "For people of Visakhapatnam, please give drinking water and other essential commodities. I have not seen such a bad situation in my life."
 
"The drinking water and milk costing Rs. 20 each are being sold for Rs. 50 as black-marketeers are having a field day," an angry resident said.
The water supply in Visakhapatnam would be restored by this evening, chief minister Naidu said. "We are procuring tankers from East Godavari, West Godavari, Krishna and Guntur districts. By evening, all would be able to take bath," he said.
 
"Some people are selling essential items at high prices. It is not fair to try to exploit the situation. We have taken a decision to provide packages of food items in all cyclone-hit areas," he said.
Authorities worked to restore communication lines, removing trees and electric poles and were trying to get air and train services back on track after strong winds damaged railroads and the airport.
“We need at least 100 years to rebuild our beautiful city,” said a worker, cutting an uprooted tree outside the collectorate.
The Visakhapatnam airport has been damaged with passenger terminals ravaged and the roof blown away.
 
The fishing harbour here also bore the brunt of the cyclone fury with scores of boats getting sunk and damaged, officials said.
  Relief teams were working round the clock to restore essential services, Visakhapatnam district collector N Yuvraj said.
The government is using Facebook, Twitter and WhatsApp to reach out to people.
Chief minister Naidu, who took a tour of some of the worst-hit areas on Tuesday, also visited a petrol pump to find out from the residents about the problem.
The state government, aided by NDRF and army personnel, began a massive relief operation on a war footing and facilitated flow of traffic on some of the major roads by removing the debris.
Besides Visakhapatnam, the other north coastal Andhra districts of Srikakulam, Vizianagaram and East Godavari have suffered widespread damage.
The gusty winds, with a speed of 170-180 kmph uprooted trees, electric poles and roofs of thatched houses all over the city when the storm made landfall and crossed the coast on Sunday last.

Sebi fines Glaxo Group Ltd for delayed discl...Sebi fines  Glaxo Group Ltd for delayed disclosure in Indian listed arm
By PTI | 14 Oct, 2014, 06.02PM IST
0
Share More
Penalties, totalling Rs 25L, to be paid within 45 days, have been imposed by Sebi for violating various provisions of it's Takeover Regulations.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: Capital market watchdog Sebi today slapped a fine of Rs 25 lakh on Glaxo Group Ltd , a promoter entity of drug maker Glaxo Smithkline Pharmaceuticals, for failing to make timely disclosures about its aggregate shareholding to the company and the stock exchanges.
Glaxo Group "neglected the duty of making timely disclosures" to the stock exchanges the BSE and the NSE, on various occasions, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) said in its order.
Sebi came across the violations by Glaxo Group while examining the draft letter of offer filed by Glaxo Smithkline Pharmaceuticals along with UK-based Glaxo Smithkline plc and Glaxo Group, to acquire 24.33 per cent stake in the India-listed group entity.
As on quarter ending September, 2014, Glaxo Group held 35.99 per cent stake in Glaxo Smithkline Pharmaceuticals as the largest promoter shareholder.
Penalties, totalling to Rs 25 lakh which needs to be paid within 45 days, have been imposed by the capital market regulator for violating various provisions of Sebi's Takeover Regulations.
Under these norms, a promoter of a listed company has to, disclose, together with persons acting in concert with him, their aggregate shareholding and voting rights as on March 31, in the firm, within a prescribed time period, to the relevant stock exchanges as well as the company.
Sebi found that Galxo Group, as a promoter group entity, was under an obligation to disclose the aggregate shareholdings to the BSE and NSE as well as to Glaxo Smithkline Pharmaceuticals India for the year 2007.
However, the said disclosures were admittedly made by the entity with an aggregate delay of 60 days.
The market watchdog also noted that Glaxo Group was required to disclose its shareholdings for the year 2012 and 2013, but made the same with an aggregate delay of 158 days.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

India working on supersonic missile aircraftYou are here: Home > Collections > Technology
India working on supersonic missile aircraft
PTI Oct 14, 2014, 05.51PM IST
Tags:
A Sivathanu Pillai
(After launching missiles…)
CHENNAI: After launching missiles from land and sea, India is in the process of developing suspersonic missile aircraft that would hit long range targets from air, a noted scientist said here today.
"It needs a lot of testing on the ground. You need to fly it on the ground and do the testing. The integration (of the missile) has been done with the aircraft. But there are many other aspects. We are in the process", former chief controller, Research and Development in Defence Research Development Organisation (DRDO) A Sivathanu Pillai said.
To a query, he said it should be launched within a year. Earlier the plan was to launch it before December 2014. But even if it happens within a year, it was to India's advantage as no other country has done it before, he told reporters.
Pillai, who was also former MD and CEO of BrahMos Aerospace , said the hyperplane was the future for India, using hydrogen-based fuel to make it travel 25 times faster than the speed of sound.
"When you are talking about hyperplane, you are talking about increasing the speed. Our idea is to use hydrogen-based fuel for Mark25, which will be 25 times faster than sound. Speed will be about 25,000 km per hour. That type of hyperplane we are conceiving...," he said.
On future defence programmes, he said the Indian Space Research Organisation and DRDO were working on developing Hypersonic technology using Helium III as fuel through Fusion technology.
Helium III energy is available on the Moon and studies have proved that it can be be generated by fusion and not Fission technology, he said.
"By fission we are able to generate energy. For the future energy, you have to go for fusion technology. When you do fusion technology with Helium III you are able to get enormous power. But Helium III is not available readily. You have to mine it from the Moon, bring it and then purify it," he said.
"All these are under development. We are working on the Hypersonic technology. ISRO is working on it, DRDO is working on it...," he said, adding it was not an easy technology as may countries have tried it and failed.
Pillai, who was recently awarded the 15th Lal Bahadur Shastri Award by President Pranab Mukherjee, was here to receive the "Lifetime Achievement Award" presented by Rotary Club of Madras.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Global wealth soars to $263 tn  as inequali...While average net worth has surpassed its pre-crisis high by 7.0%, the median wealth has plunged 14% since 2007 to $3,641 per adult.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
GENEVA: Global wealth skyrocketed 8.3 per cent over the past year to a record $263 trillion, but the distribution of the riches has also become increasingly unequal, a Credit Suisse report said Tuesday.
With the increase from mid-2013 to mid-2014, global wealth now stands 20 per cent above the peak before the global financial crisis and a full 39 per cent above the low seen at the height of the crisis in 2008, according to the Swiss banking giant's "Global Wealth Report".
"The overall global economy may remain sluggish, but this has not prevented personal wealth from surging ahead during the past year," the report said.
The study, which comprises the wealth holdings of 4.7 billion adults across more than 200 countries, showed that aggregate household wealth has more than doubled since the beginning of the millennium, when it stood at just $117 trillion.
And over the next five years, global wealth is expected to balloon by another 40 per cent to $369 trillion, it said.
Today, each adult globally has an average of $56,000 -- an all-time high for average net worth, according to the report.
But while average net worth has surpassed its pre-crisis high by 7.0 per cent, the median wealth has plunged 14 per cent since 2007 to $3,641 per adult.
The decline in the median -- the level at which half of the sample is lower and half higher -- indicates that inequality, which remained flat or declined from 2000 to 2007, is once again on the rise, the study said.
"The findings show that inequality has tended to rise since 2008, particularly in developing economies," Markus Stierli of the Credit Suisse Research Institute said.
The study said most of the rise in wealth over the past year can be credited to North America, which accounts for 34.7 per cent of global household wealth, and Europe, which accounts for 32.4 per cent.
Both regions showed hikes of about 11 per cent. In contrast, Latin America saw little change, while China recorded only a small rise of around 3.5 per cent, and India saw its wealth fall one per cent, the study said.
On a country level, Britain, South Korea and Denmark recorded the largest per centage gains, while Ukraine, Argentina and Indonesia saw the largest losses, it said.
Switzerland meanwhile maintained the highest average wealth per adult, at $581,000, followed by Australia, Norway, the United States and Sweden.
As a sign of wealth concentration, the number of dollar millionaires globally has shot up 164 per cent since 2000 to 34.8 million individuals today -- a full 41 per cent of them living in the United States, the study showed.
Some 128,000 of the world's millionaires have assets of at least $50 million, with nearly half of them living in the United States and nearly a quarter in Europe.
Credit Suisse said it expected the number of global millionaires to exceed 53 million in 2019, with the number in China expected to nearly double from its 1.18 million today.
Some one billion people meanwhile belong to the global middle class, with wealth ranging from $10,000-100,000, the study showed.
China's share of the middle class has doubled since 2000 and now accounts for one-third of people in that category, it said.

BJP will capture Maharashtra: Fadnavisregional elections
"We are 100 percent certain of getting a majority," the state BJP president and the chief minister probable asserted
A day before Maharashtra votes, BJP state president Devendra G. Fadnavis is supremely confident, saying his party is all set to capture power in the state for the first time.
“There is no doubt in my mind that the BJP will form the next government in Maharashtra. We are 100 percent certain of getting a majority,” Mr Fadnavis told IANS in an interview.
In an exhaustive interview, Mr. Fadnavis added that the BJP will have a comfortable majority in the 288-member legislature along with the support of smaller parties of the truncated Grand Alliance.
Dismissing speculation that its erstwhile ally Shiv Sena would win more seats, the chief minister probable asserted: “The verdict will completely favour the BJP.”
He discounted the possibility of the other four main parties — the Congress, Nationalist Congress Party (NCP), Shiv Sena and the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena — ganging up to keep the BJP out of power if it emerges as the single largest entity.
“The Congress and NCP are in such a bad shape that they cannot form a government with any other party. Besides, Maharashtra generally goes with the ruling party at the centre (now BJP),” says Mr. Fadnavis, a qualified lawyer.
Asked why the BJP has not projected anyone for the post of chief minister, the 44-year-old Brahmin from Nagpur stiffens a trifle. The issue has become sensitive in the party.
“We concluded that Maharashtra wants to go with Prime Minister Narendra Modi, his agenda of development and progress. So, the government will be fully supportive of this,” said Mr. Fadnavis, who became India’s youngest city mayor (Nagpur) at age 27.
But he says there were four-five prominent leaders in the party for the top post: Eknath Khadse, former leader of the opposition in the assembly, Vinod Tawde, leader of the opposition in the legislative council, Pankaja Munde, daughter of the late Gopinath Munde, and Fadnavis.
If the BJP wins the election, will it prefer the state’s first woman OBC chief minister (Pankaja Munde) or second Brahmin chief minister (Fadnavis)?
“Maharashtra has moved far ahead of any caste-religion considerations. A majority of voters are in the 25-year age group. They have dreams and aspirations, a desire for development, progress, employment.”
Asked about supposed divergent views between BJP president Amit Shah and Mr. Modi, Mr. Fadnavis said: “They share an excellent coordination and rapport. Every decision is given due weightage and consideration by both.
“All matters are discussed freely and democratically. All divergent views are respected before taking decisions in the BJP.”
Will the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh’s support to Modi and BJP help?
Replied Mr. Fadnavis: “They (RSS) never order anybody to work for any party or promote anyone. But they mobilize their resources in the national interests.”
Mr. Fadnavis shuns suggestions that the Modi-Shah-led BJP’s desire for “a total mandate” in Maharashtra and Haryana smacks of monopolizing power in a pluralistic federal structure.
“Monopolies work in an autocracy, not in a democracy. Several past examples have proved that nobody is happy with coalition governments. All parties have complained of shortcomings in coalitions.
“So the BJP is clear about its ‘full mandate’ agenda for development. But all viewpoints will count. We will consider and accommodate them fully,” he said.
Mr. Fadnavis said in the past one month or so, the BJP held around 600 meetings across Maharashtra.
“Of course Modi is in the limelight. But it will not be right to say the entire burden is on his shoulders.
“Our workers are extremely enthusiastic, especially in the 169 assembly constituencies where we shall contest for the first time.”
Why did BJP leaders kept quiet when Gujarat Chief Minister Anandiben Patel asked Mumbai industrialists to set shop in her state?
“Why only Anandiben Patel? All chief ministers come to Mumbai seeking investment and business from Mumbai,” said Mr. Fadnavis.
“We must ensure we give the best business environment here. It will prevent anybody from going elsewhere.”
To a query on carving out Vidarbha from Maharashtra, Fadnavis says that ideologically the BJP’s national agenda is for smaller states for better development.
“We must ensure there is no fighting between a new state and the existing state from which it is carved out. Our national agenda remains.”

Kathmandu unravelledUpdated: October 13, 2014 18:06 IST
Kathmandu unravelled
books and literature
Journalist-turned-author Thomas Bell holds forth on his book ‘Kathmandu’ through which he provides insights into the political history of the land
Thomas Bell describes with child-like amusement his first few days in Patan, Nepal. His gazing over rooftops of the neighbourhood, his rental agreement which was a piece on paper on which his landlord scribbled names of months, his learning of a new set of rules on the road and eventually trying to get a grasp over Patan and Kathmandu, which would be his home. In ‘Kathmandu’ (Random House; Rs. 599), he narrates his impressions on the multi-layered society, caste system, hierarchies and more importantly, draws attention to the land’s political history. Bell moved to Kathmandu to report on the civil war in Nepal after studying at Oxford and the Courtauld Institute of Art. He has also worked as the South East Asia correspondent for the Daily Telegraph.
Edited excerpts from an interview with the author:
What prompted you to write about Kathmandu, dipping into its political history? Did you find lacunae in what’s already been documented?
I thought there was a story to tell and that I had something to say. As for lacunae — most of what’s in there is already documented somewhere. I thought of the book while I was writing it — I found the phrase somewhere — as being partly structured around a collection of the city’s ‘written monuments’. But at the same time I felt that what’s documented — what should be known about the place — is often overlooked or misunderstood. It’s also structured around a collection of characters and places and incidents and buildings — because the book’s about the life of the city and its physical development as well. There are stories in there too which have never been written down before. I wanted to collect what seemed important and put it in front of people in a way which evoked Kathmandu tellingly.
How long did it take you to research and write?
About four or five years. At times I was busy with other things as well, and I wasn’t always efficient.
At any stage of writing the book, were you apprehensive of sounding like an outsider offering perspectives on a country that’s been home only for a few years?
I was very conscious of that, and of course I am an outsider. But I don’t think there’s necessarily anything wrong with it. Like anything else you obviously have to ‘get it right’ in some way, and obviously that’s for others to judge. Being an outsider can also be an advantage, I think. People must be able to write about places they weren’t born in — and of course lots of people write things about places they were born in which obviously aren’t true. It was important to me how people who live here would receive it, even at the risk of occasionally eluding people who don’t, and so far thankfully it’s been positive.
You describe your initial impressions of a new place, in chaos, in the neighbourhood of Patan, where you observe the caste and ethnic hierarchies. How long did it take you to get a grasp of the place?
When I got here I had in mind that two years might be about right to do some journalism and move on. Soon I told myself, ‘it will take at least three before I feel I’ve understood it’. Now I’ve been here more than a decade, and although there are many things which I feel I see clearly I’m still provisional in lots of the new conclusions I draw, on questions big and small. I’m pleased when someone makes me realise something I hadn’t appreciated before, and that happens often.
What was your impression of Kathmandu before you arrived in Patan in 2002?
I didn’t have any strong impression. I knew it was a city with some historic or scenic appeal as a place to go and live for a while, but I’d been to enough places to realise there was no use trying to imagine it. I didn’t know anything much about Nepal, I’d done only basic research. It was the fact that there was a Maoist insurgency in the countryside, not Kathmandu, which attracted me.
The book also talks about the Nepal civil war. How did you go about researching this part of political history?
I reported the second half of the war for various newspapers and I used a lot of what I saw at the time to describe it in the book, as well as other material. But there’s a chapter that deals with secret operations against the Maoists in Kathmandu, and especially the role of Britain’s MI6, and that was something I only became aware of later. For that, I used leaks reported in the Nepali press and a lot of interviews. In general there’s a fair amount of documentation on the war, although it’s striking how the memory is worked upon as soon as the event is in the past.
What is the feedback you are receiving to what you’ve written about the civil war?
Oddly, perhaps, very little. The controversial stuff like the abuses, covert operations and the foreign role was picked up internationally in several news reports, and Kantipur, which is a big daily newspaper, ran a full-page excerpt. But in terms of a response from any quarter to that material specifically — nothing. I don’t think the people concerned want to talk about it, and not many others want to go there either. Well informed people already knew that the secret was blown, and I’ve shone a bit more light on it.
Are you working on another book?
No, but I’d like to.

Govt plans better public transport  elevated roads to rid Delhi of jamsGovt plans better public transport, elevated roads to rid Delhi of jams
Atul Mathur , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 14, 2014
First Published: 01:01 IST(14/10/2014) | Last Updated: 01:06 IST(14/10/2014)
Comments
Delhi residents can hope for a smoother drive, with a government panel starting work on a plan to free the city of notorious jams -- an issue raised by HT and taken up by urban development minister Venkaiah Naidu.
A high-powered committee set up by the minister met Monday and suggested an integrated transport plan, improved public transport system, BRTs and better use of available resources among a string of measures to decongest Capital’s roads, sources said.
HT had in August and September ran a 24-part Unclog Delhi series, identifying the city’s most congested stretches and possible ways to free them up.
“I called a meeting of the officials of various departments and told them to prepare an action plan to decongest Delhi keeping in view the expert opinion given by HT,” Naidu said on September 29. The minister was talking to senior editors at HT House as part of Unplugged@HT series.
A 17-member committee under the chairmanship of urban development secretary Sharad Aggarwal was set up and it held its first meeting Monday. Many of the proposals made by HT were taken up by the panel.
Multiplicity of authorities was identified as the biggest snarl, with various department and agency working in silos and often at cross-purposes. The panel asked the Delhi Development Authority to work on an integrated transport plan that would allow seamless travel.
 “The secretary observed that restricted mobility adversely impacts productivity, which in turn affects the competitiveness of Delhi,” said a source who attended the meeting.
The controversial Bus Rapid Transit System may make a comeback, with the panel calling for four or five such corridors.
Under the system, a dedicated lane is marked for buses allowing faster movement. The previous government had planned 15 such corridors but shelved them after opposition from various quarters. The city’s only BRT corridor, between Moolchand Hospital and Ambedkar Nagar, is a mess now.
The ministry of road transport and highways has been tasked with ensuring early completion of eastern and western peripheral highways to stop heavy vehicles that pass through the city from clogging Delhi roads, the source said.
To serve more commuters, the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation was asked to examine the possibility of extending the airport line. A redesign plan for all stations that would make available other modes of transport such as autorickshaws and buses was also sought, the source said. The railways has been asked to run more trains to enhance the “utilisation of ring rail” to ease movement in the heart of the city.
Elevated roads and underpasses to increase mobility and rationalisation of parking rates were the other suggestions.

Indian cop wins UN s international female peacekeeper awardIndian cop wins UN's international female peacekeeper award
PTI  United Nations, October 14, 2014
First Published: 11:43 IST(14/10/2014) | Last Updated: 11:58 IST(14/10/2014)
Comments
An Indian police inspector has been named recipient of a prestigious international female peacekeeper award by the UN's police division for her "exceptional achievements" in her duty with the UN mission in Afghanistan, including her efforts towards helping victims of sexual and gender-based violence.
Inspector Shakti Devi of the Jammu and Kashmir Police, currently deployed in the UN Assistance Mission in Afghanistan (UNAMA), has been awarded the International Female Police Peacekeeper Award 2014.
Devi has been honoured for her "exceptional achievements" in leading the establishment of Women Police Councils in several parts of Afghanistan, the UN Police Division said in a communication to the Indian mission here.
It said Devi has contributed to the improvement of the status of female police and has effectively helped the police of Afghanistan move towards achieving their goals of fully adopting democratic principles of policing.
"In addition, her consistent engagement in improving the service for victims of sexual and gender-based violence has led to successful investigation and prosecution," the UN agency said.
The award was delivered during the International Association of Women Police (IAWP) conference held earlier this month in Winnipeg, Canada.
The honour is a competitive award given to an outstanding female police peacekeeper serving in a UN peace operation.
The objectives of the award are to promote an understanding of police in peace operations throughout the world, highlight the efforts of female police in global peace operations, increase understanding of the roles of women officers in various countries and encourage participation in UN peace operations by all countries of the world.
It is also aimed at promoting membership in the UN International Female Police Peacekeepers Network and increasing international understanding and awareness of women in international police peacekeeping and in the network.
The award is organised in collaboration with the IAWP Awards programme and delivered during its annual conference.
India is the largest contributor to UN peacekeeping operations, having contributed more than 170,000 troops in 43 out of 69 peacekeeping missions mandated by the United Nations Security Council so far.
The UN owes India $110 million, the second highest outstanding payment to any country, for costs relating to peacekeeping operations and troops.

In pics - AP  Odisha reeling under the aftermath of HudhudTwo days after cyclone Hudhud battered the coast, residents of Visakhapatnam continue to live in darkness. Communication networks are down too.
To add to their woes, there is acute shortage of drinking water, milk and other essential commodities.
Andhra Pradesh and Odisha have been severely hit, despite thousands of people finding solace in storm shelters and relief camps.
Here are some photos that bring out the plight of those who are recuperating from the damage that Hudhud wrecked upon them.
 
The damaged roof of the Visakhapatnam airport terminal. (AFP Photo/Andhra Pradesh state government)
People rush to a relief camp at Kakinada, Andhra Pradesh. (PTI Photo)
Food packets being prepared for the cyclone affected people in Vishakapatnam. (PTI Photo)
Upturned boats and damaged buildings are pictured along the coast after Hudhud made landfall in Visakhapatnam. (AFP Photo)
 
A view of Kailashpuri costal area at Visakhapatnam. (Arun Sharma/HT Photo)
A long queue at petrol pump in Visakhapatnam. (Arun Sharma/ HT Photo)
Andhra Pradesh chief minister N Chandrababu Naidu visits the Hudhud cyclone affected areas in Vishakapatnam. (PTI Photo)
An uprooted tree is pictured across a road in Visakhapatnam. Workers rushed to restore communication and power links and clear roads. (AFP Photo)
An eroded road and boardwalk in Vishakhapatnam. (AFP Photo)
People pass by damaged electric pole in Vishakapatnam on Monday. (PTI Photo)
A picture of the swathe of destruction caused by cyclone Hudhud in Vizag. (Arun Sharma/ HT Photo)
People crowd at a petrol pump to get fuel in Vishakapatnam. (PTI Photo)
People during a cremation ceremony of a 47-year-old man who died in cyclone Hudhud at R K Beach in Visakhapatnam. (Arun Sharma/ HT Photo)
A fisherman walks near the anchored fishing boats as strong winds blow a day after Hudhud pounded the Bay of Bengal coast in Gopalpur, Orissa. (AP Photo/Biswaranjan Rout)
A house in Visakhapatnam that gave way under the storm. (PTI Photo) 
Children of Ramaya Patna village taking cooked food at a shelter center (school building) in Odisha. (Arabinda Mahapatra/ HT Photo)

2 cops attacked in 72 hours: Delhi s law enforcers at the mercy of criminalsComments
The constant attacks on police officers on duty indicate that those who are supposed to enforce law need protection themselves.
A 42-year-old constable was gunned down while his colleague was shot at by five assailants travelling in an autorickshaw in outer Delhi’s Vijay Vihar on Monday.
This was the second attack on policemen on duty in the past 72 hours in Delhi. This year, there have been 17 such cases in which four police personnel have lost their lives. Two cases remain unsolved.
Last year, there was a significant drop in such cases after the police started fighting back and executed a few successful encounters with criminals following a steep rise in such crimes reported in 2012.
42-year-old constable Jagvir Singh was gunned down while his colleague was shot at by five assailants travelling in an autorickshaw in outer Delhi’s Vijay Vihar.
Statistics suggest that men in uniform were attacked for doing their job almost every month this year. In 2012, as many as 20 cases were reported and four policemen lost their lives.
This year, only three days ago, two constables patrolling Shankar Market in Connaught Place area had a miraculous escape when three criminals from Uttar Pradesh’s Moradabad fired at them after they were asked to furnish identity
proof.
The murder of constable Dharampal in northeast Delhi’s Jafrabad by two unidentified bike-borne criminals on September 27 is another incident that highlights how men in khaki are unsafe in the Capital. The police are still clueless about who killed Dharampal.
The most gruesome of the attacks took place in 2012 when head constable Kailash Chander was stabbed as many as 27 times all over his body by a gang of four petty criminals.
His body was discovered in a pool of blood at a park in Dwarka on May 5.

All 5 held guilty in Delhi s Dhaula Kuan gang rape caseAll 5 held guilty in Delhi's Dhaula Kuan rape case
Avantika Mehta , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 14, 2014
First Published: 14:41 IST(14/10/2014) | Last Updated: 21:50 IST(14/10/2014)
Comments
A city court on Tuesday convicted five men of abducting and gang-raping a call centre employee in Delhi in 2010, one of the first cases that drew attention to growing sexual violence against women in the city.
The sensational gang rape of the 30-year-old woman, known as the Dhaula Kuan gang rape, transfixed the city for weeks and brought into focus the issue of safety of working women – especially women working late shifts at call centres – in India.
The prosecution said the men abducted the woman while she was walking home with a colleague near Dhaula Kuan after being dropped off by an office cab after midnight. They grabbed the women, threatened them with a country-made pistol and tried to force them into their vehicle, but the victim’s friend managed to escape after a brief struggle and call police. The five men drove to west Delhi’s Mangolpuri where they took turns raping her and then dumped her on an isolated road.
In a 131-page judgment delivered in a tense room filled with the convicts’ family and media, Additional Sessions Judge Virender Bhat found  Usman, Shamshad, Shahid, Iqbal and Kamruddin guilty of working together to kidnap, gang-rape, and criminally intimidate the 30-year-old rape survivor on November 24, 2010.
The sentence will be announced on Friday. The maximum sentence for gang rape in India is life imprisonment and a judge cannot give less than 10 years for rape.
Following the incident, Delhi Police ordered call centres in the NCR to drop female employees home safely and provide them security while travelling at night. The department also instructed PCR vans to be visible on roads and one officer to remain outside every such vehicle at all times.
All five accused said they had been falsely implicated. Usman’s counsel said police tampered with DNA evidence to procure a guilty verdict. The court dismissed the contentions and added that the convicts Usman and Shamshad had confessed to the crime in disclosure statements to police.
The victim's father told HT she was threatened and also offered money to withdraw her complaint.
“My daughter has received threat calls from unknown people to withdraw the case. Initially they offered us money to keep our mouths shut but when we did not accept their offers they started threatening us. We had to move her back home fearing her life,” said her father.
According to him, his daughter had fought to  move from the north-east to Delhi where after a yearlong job search she managed to find a job in a call centre in Gurgaon.
A recent Commonwealth survey found that a rape has taken place every 25 minutes in India over the past 13 years, though activists say only 10% of sexual violence cases are actually reported to police.
The brutal gang rape of a young medical student in Delhi in December 2012 forced the government to amend existing laws and criminalise voyeurism, stalking and the trafficking of women. The law, passed by Parliament in March 2013, also makes it a crime for police officers to refuse to open cases when complaints are made.

September WPI inflation dips to five-year low of 2.38%Comments
India’s wholesale inflation rate plunged to 2.38% in September, the lowest in five years, aided by a sharp drop in vegetable and petrol prices, data released on Tuesday showed, rekindling hopes that the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will cut interest rates soon.
The more than one percentage point drop in wholesale inflation rates over August’s 3.74% should bring cheer to the NDA government, which rode to a landslide election victory promising to bring down prices of essentials as part of its poll pledge to usher in ‘Aachen din’ (good days).
“It is heartening to note that we have been able to bring food inflation under control. Growth in vegetable and protein prices that have been contributing to the recent increase in inflation rates have shrunk thanks to the steps taken by the government,” finance minister Arun Jaitley said.
Wholesale food inflation, a measure of how costly the platter has become, grew 3.52% compared to the previous month’s 5.15%. Wholesale vegetable prices fell 14.98% in September on a year-on-year basis, while onion prices plunged 58.12%.
“We are committed to continuing reforms in food markets that will improve supply responses and keep inflation low and stable. At the same time, fiscal consolidation and a new monetary policy framework will help bring down inflationary expectations. We are confident that soon we will be achieving a low and stable inflation rate,” he said.
It was also the lowest since 1.79% of October 2009, a period when demand for goods fell sharply battered by the worst global recession in 80 years.
Besides, with crude oil prices falling to below $90 a barrel, expect retail diesel prices to come down further.
On Tuesday, the government cut retail petrol prices by more than Rs. 1 a litre.
Manufactured products inflation — a broad index to gauge price movements of industrial goods — was lower at 2.84% in September compared to August’s 3.45%, but still higher than last September’s 2.36%.
Retail inflation also eased in September to 6.46% year-on-year from 7.73% in the previous month, data showed last week, although that is still above the central bank’s target of 6% by 2016.
The RBI, which has maintained status quo in interest rate since January, will review its monetary policy on December 2.
The RBI primarily factors in the retail inflation while framing the monetary policy.

DLF shares tank 28%  loses Rs 7439 cr after Sebi banStock tanks 28%, DLF may have to lower prices
Vandana Ramnani , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 14, 2014
First Published: 09:31 IST(14/10/2014) | Last Updated: 01:37 IST(15/10/2014)
Comments
DLF’s shares tanked over 28% Tuesday, a day after the market regulator barred India’s biggest realtor from selling shares for three years, triggering concerns about its ability to fund projects and repay loans.
Analysts said the Securities Exchange Board of India’s (SEBI’s) Monday ruling could force DLF to lower property prices, leading to an overall correction in the National Capital Region given the company’s market leadership in the region, analysts said.
“We expect this capital-market ban to result in a meaningful price correction as DLF liquidates unsold inventory in its completed projects to generate operating cash flows,” Ambit, a brokerage firm, said in a research report.
The company, credited with building Gurgaon, commands nearly 60% market share in the glitzy Millennium City that borders the Capital.
“If it ends up selling land and development projects and ongoing projects at a discounted rate, it will have an impact on the overall real estate-market sentiment,” said a real estate consultant, who did not wish to be identified.
“DLF’s inability to access capital markets could impact its fund-raising programme,” Macquarie research said. “DLF, in this case, would have to resort to large asset sales to reduce debt in the future.”
Buyers are worried, too. “We see our projects in danger now. We doubt that they will be completed on time. People who have invested all their savings in these projects are anxious now,” said Sanjay Jain, secretary of the Capital Greens Flat Buyers Association, a DLF residential project in Moti Nagar, New Delhi.
DLF had failed to meet the 2012 deadline for the handover of flats that were still incomplete, Jain said. They are now planning to take the company to court.
DLF is India’s most indebted property developer. As of June 30, its borrowings stood at Rs. 19,064 crore, higher than the market value of Rs. 18,701.33 crore.
The SEBI blow wiped Rs. 6,000 crore off its value Tuesday when its stock plunged 28.5 % to Rs. 104.15.
The company might need to dig deep into its commercial properties put out on rent, analysts said. “The only saving grace in its portfolio are assets that earn annual rentals of more than Rs. 2,100 crore. It can always — in the worst case scenario — sell these income-producing assets to generate more than Rs. 20,000 crore which is equal to their total debt,” said another consultant on condition of anonymity.
SEBI has barred the company and six top executives, including promoter-chairman KP Singh, from accessing the securities market, choking its options to raise fresh funds.
The move came after seven years of investigation into the charges that the realtor didn’t give complete information when it went public in 2007.
In recent years, DLF has faced a welter of problems including angry lawsuits by customers upset with project delays and political controversies surrounding its alleged links with Robert Vadra, son-in-law of Congress president Sonia Gandhi.
DLF has promised to “defend itself to the fullest extent” against the accusations and said it was “confident of the vindication of its stand”.

McDonald s answers  pink slime  questionsNo 'pink slime' here - McDonald's defends its food
By Aaron Smith   @AaronSmithCNN October 14, 2014: 11:12 AM ET
 
McDonald's: No more 'pink slime'
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
McDonald's is getting the word out: There is no "pink slime" in its McNuggets or hamburgers. And, yes, its food does rot - and that's a good thing.
As part of a new campaign, McDonald's ( MCD ) is asking, and answering, the challenging questions posed by its detractors.
McDonald's has launched a campaign called "Our food. Your questions." With the help of social media , the company wants to put to rest the "myth" about its food and convince consumers that it is, in fact, nutritious.
McDonald's is also inviting customers to ask food questions on Twitter ( TWTR , Tech30 ).
On its website, McDonald's displays a "pink slime" image of a viscous tubular substance, coiled up like a snake. "This is not a McDonald's image and it's not in any of our food," reads the statement over the picture.
"The chicken is ground with a bit of chicken skin and a flavorful marinade is added," says McDonald's.
McDonald's also insists that there is no "pink slime" in the burger, and that the patties are "100% pure beef." It says it stopped using the controversial product , from Beef Products Inc., in 2011.
Related: 'Pink slime' is back and headed for your burger
One of the questions -- "Why doesn't your food rot?" -- seems to directly address an experiment conducted by CNN's Morgan Spurlock in his 2004 documentary "Super Size Me." In the film, Spurlock places different McDonald's products in jars and observes them over time.
"Big Mac, still, looks like we just bought that thing," says Spurlock, three weeks into the experiment. After another couple of weeks, the sandwiches finally succumbed to the ravages of time. Though after 10 weeks, the McDonald's fries do not appear to have decomposed.
No worries. McDonald's insists that its food can, in fact, rot.
"You might have seen experiments which seem to show no decomposition in our food," explained McDonald's. "Most likely, this is because the food has dehydrated before any visible deterioration could occur."
McDonald's answers another question that has surely been weighing on the minds of many: Does the McRib use the same plastic that's in yoga mats?
The answer? Yes!
The company says that a chemical called azodicarbonamide, or ADA, is baked into the McRib rolls to keep the texture consistent. ADA is also used in non-food products such as yoga mats, says McDonald's. But the company emphatically denied that the McRib contains plastic.
"Think of salt: the salt you use in your food at home is a variation of the salt you may use to de-ice your sidewalk," said McDonald's. "The same is true of ADA - it can be used in different ways."
First Published: October 14, 2014: 7:31 AM ET
Most Popular

After the storm: Food riots in Vizag  Modi announces Rs 1 000-cr relief for Hudhud-hit AndhraFood riots broke in the port city of Visakhapatnam on Tuesday as hundreds of people looted relief trucks in a scramble for drinking water, milk, vegetables and petrol following massive shortages two days after a cyclone battered the eastern coast.
 
People fled with enormous sacks of food grain and police used batons to disperse the crowd as Andhra Pradesh’s biggest city struggled to pick up the pieces after Cyclone Hudhud, which killed 22 people in three north coastal districts.
A picture of the swathe of destruction caused by cyclone Hudhud in Vizag. (Arun Sharma/ HT Photo)
The cyclone has damaged several sub-stations and uprooted thousands of electricity poles, making it next to impossible for officials to restore power. Tuesday was the fourth consecutive day in Visakhapatnam – known popularly as Vizag -- without power.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who visited the storm-hit city, announced a Rs. 1,000-crore relief package for Andhra Pradesh, where thousands of people were forced to leave their homes.
“For people of Visakhapatnam, please give drinking water and other essential commodities. I have not seen such a terrible situation in my life,” a resident pleaded with folded hands as people mobbed relief officials and ransacked supplies.
 
Women with children in their arms searched for milk and serpentine queues were seen outside petrol stations in Vizag which bore the brunt of the cyclone’s fury.
 
Prices of essential commodities leapt because of the shortages. “Drinking water and milk costing Rs. 20 each are being sold for Rs. 50 as black-marketeers are having a field day,” said another angry resident.
 
Long queues were seen at fuel stations for the second straight day, despite government assurances that there was enough fuel to last a fortnight. Many had to wait in line for the better part of the day to get fuel, procured at erratic prices. While Lattu Chanti, an auto driver, got diesel at Rs. 64 per litre, ME Krishna, a railway employee, had to pay Rs. 100 per litre for petrol.
Hundreds lined up outside ATMs too, since cash hadn’t been filled up at several centres with the bank network down. Only a few branches were providing partial services.
The famous King George Hospital is also in shambles with authorities forced to discharge patients lodged in wards damaged by Hudhud. 
 
The cyclone hit near the city on Sunday with heavy rains and wind speeds of 185 kilometres per hour.
 
Chief minister N Chandrababu Naidu urged the Centre to treat the devastation caused by the storm as a “national calamity”. “We will rebuild this city and the confidence of its people,” he said.
Watch: Hudhud leaves Andhra, Odisha in tatters
After visiting parts of the worst-affected port city and a review meeting with Naidu and top officials, Modi told reporters at Vishakapatnam, "The Centre is fully with the people of Andhra pradesh. Both governments are working hand in hand."
Modi, who made an aerial survey of the affected areas of both north coastal Andhra and Odisha, also declared Rs. 2 lakh from Prime Minister's Relief Fund for families of each of those killed and Rs. 50,000 to every injured.
Naidu said, "Some people are selling essential items at high prices. It is not fair to try to exploit the situation. We have taken a decision to provide packages of food items in all cyclone-hit areas."
Naidu has been camping in the city since Monday to oversee rehabilitation efforts.
Meanwhile, the city’s two million residents have slowly started returning to normal life amid a trail of destruction all around left by the storm --  houses with collapsed walls or roofs blown away, roads littered with fallen trees, electric poles and traffic booths.
Train services resumed partially on the Visakhapatnam-Bhubaneshwar route but the crucial Vizag-Vijayawada route is yet to be restored. Both bus and mobile phone services improved.
(With agency inputs)

Love Jihad  controversy: Case against girl s parentsComments
A case of assault and threatening to murder has been registered against the parents of the 22-year-old girl who was at the centre of the 'love jihad' controversy and has gone back on her statement that she was gang-raped and forcibly converted.
Advertisement
Two days after the girl claimed that there is a threat to her life from her parents, police registered a case under section 506 (criminal intimidation) of the Indian Penal Code against them, SSP Meerut Omkar Singh said.
The matter is sub-judice, Singh said, adding, investigation will be started on the directions of the court after the girl records her statement.
The girl had filed a complaint on Sunday with the Mahila Police Station against her parents, saying that she had run away from her house on her own free will with Kaleem, a Muslim, as there was "threat to her life" and alleged that she was also "beaten up".
In an earlier complaint lodged on August 3, the girl had alleged that she had been abducted, gang-raped and forcibly converted to Islam.
The woman's father had also lodged a complaint in August in Kharkhauda police station against Village Pradhan Nawab Khan, cleric Sallaullah, his wife and daughter Nishant for abduction and rape.
However, the girl approached the woman police station here on Sunday and claimed that there is a threat to her life from her parents', SP (Rural) Captain M S Begh had said.
According to the complaint, her family had forced her to file a false complaint and when she objected, they threatened her with dire consequences and that she ran away fearing danger to her life.
The alleged victim said that she had "gone on her own free will" with the boy, controverting what she had said in her Sec 164 (of the CrPC) statement to a magistrate.
However, the father of the girl has disputed her claim and said she has been threatened to give a retraction statement by one Saddam who forcibly took her to the woman police station on Sunday morning.
The police said that after recording her statement in front of an executive magistrate, she has been sent to Nari Niketan (women's home) for her safety and protection.
"She told the woman police officer that she has life threat from her own parents. On this ground she has been sent to the Nari Niketan for the safety and protection," the SSP said.
The matter of alleged gang-rape and conversion in August was latched up by the BJP whose leaders including Yogi Adityanath, state in charge of by-elections, exploited the issue of 'love jihad', especially in western parts of the state.
As the incident sparked an outrage, the Centre sought a detailed report from Uttar Pradesh government at the earliest while the family of the girl demanded a CBI probe.

Chrysler recalls 184 215 SUVs for possible a...Chrysler recalls 184,215 SUVs for possible air bag issue
By Reuters | 14 Oct, 2014, 06.42PM IST
Chrysler said it will advise affected customers when they can schedule service, which involves replacing the occupant restraint control module.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
DETROIT: Chrysler Group said on Tuesday it is recalling an estimated 184,215 sport utility vehicles globally because a possible short circuit in a part could disable air bags and seat-belt pretensioners.
Chrysler, a unit of Fiat Chrysler Automobiles , said an electrical short circuit may occur in the occupant restraint control module in certain 2014-model Dodge Durango and Jeep Grand Cherokee SUVs.
The automaker said it is unaware of any injuries or accidents related to the issue.
Chrysler said it will advise affected customers when they can schedule service, which involves replacing the occupant restraint control module.
Of the affected SUVs, an estimated 126,772 are in the United States , 8,106 in Canada , 3,722 in Mexico and 45,615 are outside North America , Chrysler said.

Educationist P.P. Gomathi dies at 84Updated: October 14, 2014 18:59 IST
Educationist P.P. Gomathi dies at 84
Special Correspondent
Tweet
P.P. Gomathi, Former Principal of Besant College, Mangalore, who died in Mangalore on Monday. Photo: Special Arrangement
Educationist and professor of English P.P. Gomathi, who had been serving as Secretary of the Women’s National Education Society that runs Besant institutions here, passed away after brief illness here on Monday night. She was 84. She is survived by her two brothers.
Ms. Gomathi, known for her selfless service to the cause of education, had served as Principal of the Besant Women’s College for eight years and is credited to have earned name and fame for the institution.
Born in 1930, she did her initial education in Sacred Heart School in Thalassery and intermediate at Government Brennen College in the same town. She did her B.A. (Honours English Literature) from Madras Presidency College. She first joined as English teacher at Government Victoria College, Palakkad in Kerala and in 1954 she joined the English Department of Government College (now University College) here.
While serving Maharani Lakshmi Ammanni College for Women in Bangalore, she was deputed to Besant College where she served as Principal from 1980. The College, started only in 1977, earned reputation under her leadership. After her retirement in 1988, she became the Secretary of Women’s National Education Society during which time she was instrumental in starting the English School and later the Manel Srinivasa Nayak Besant Institute of Management here.
“She dedicated all her time for the institution and was responsible for overall growth and name and reputation it enjoys,” said former Principal of the College, K.T. Manjula.
Ms. Gomathi’s mortal remains were kept in the premises of the college for about two hours when thousands of her students and academicians and others paid their last respects to her on Tuesday morning. The Besant institutions remained closed as mark of respect to her.
In a condolence message, President of Association of Mangalore University College Teachers Norbert Lobo and its Secretary Lakshminarayana Bhat said Ms. Gomathi as higher education expert had struggled hard to develop Besant College.

Scared of the markets Sit tightIs it time to exit stocks?
By Heather Long   @byHeatherLong October 11, 2014: 8:42 AM ET
 
The market suffers from whiplash
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Buy low, sell high -- that's a well-known stock market mantra.
It's great advice, except for one problem: it's incredibly hard to tell the peak or the nadir.
Billionaire Carl Icahn has made a lot of money off his investments. Even he says, "No one is smart enough to know when to buy at the bottom."
After the worst stock market drop of the year , plenty of people wonder if it's time to sell. The argument goes something like this: The S&P 500 is up nearly 200% since it bottomed out in early 2009. There hasn't been a correction since 2011, let alone a true "bear market" where things really drop. Surely it's time to exit...
But here's the truth: Most of us are better off doing nothing.
Yes, you read that right. Think about these points:
1) Put the recent market dip in perspective. The market is down, but only a tad off its all-time highs from September.
"This is not earth shattering," says Jurrien Timmer, director of Global Macro for Fidelity. "Volatility happens. A couple of percent is not a big deal. The market will correct by 10% almost any time. Over the course of history, it shows up as really nothing more than noise."
Related: Stocks should fall more. You shouldn't worry
2) Never sell in a panic. Selling when you're anxious often means you sell at the low point and end up buying back in at a higher one -- the exact opposite of what you hope to do.
"The worst time to decide to get out of the stock market is when it's falling or right after a big drop," says Kate Warne, an investment strategist at Edward Jones. "If you look at the days with the best market performance, a lot of them follow days with the worst market performance."
Even if you do manage to get out a the right time, it can still hurt you in the end.
"If you decide to get out, you have to make two decisions correctly: both when to get out and when to get back in," Warne says.
Think of it like rolling two dice and having to guess BOTH numbers correctly.
3) Let history be your guide: Many of the biggest stock market upswings happen within days of a downturn. You could be off celebrating that you exited the market perfectly only to look like a fool for not catching the surge.
Consider this: Fidelity looked at the returns of the S&P 500 from 1980 through June 30, 2014. They found that an investor who missed only the best five days in the market would end up with a portfolio worth about 35% less than the one that had been fully invested the whole time.
I ran a similar analysis just for 2014 for the S&P 500.
Your return if you stayed in the market and did nothing: +3%
Your return if you managed to miss the 10 biggest down days: +21%
Your return if you managed to miss the 10 biggest positive days: -9%
This is totally hypothetical. No one is that good or bad at market timing.
But it illustrates the key point: Everyone wants to be the superman or superwoman with the 21% return and miss all the worst days. But what you really want to avoid is being the person who missed out on the gains.
4) Get a long-term plan and stick to it. If you are worried about the stock market right now, the best use of your time is to make sure you have the right plan.
Do you have the right mix of stocks and bonds and other assets?
"The typical long-term investor who has most of his or her investments in a retirement account of some sort needs to a) have a plan and b) stick with the plan," says Timmer.
From time to time, investors should look at their portfolios and ask if they need to rebalance. Given the phenomenal rise of equities since March of 2009, it's possible that you need to trim your stock allocation a bit.
But be wary of throwing out the entire game plan. Stocks still give the best return by far over the long run.
As humans, we worry a lot about those down days. But we forget that the bigger risk is missing the upswings.
First Published: October 11, 2014: 8:42 AM ET
Most Popular

Italy s Lucchini to ask India s JSW Steel to...Italy's Lucchini to ask India's JSW Steel to lift its offer
By Reuters | 14 Oct, 2014, 06.15PM IST
Lucchini, Italy's second-largest steel plant by capacity, was previously owned by Russia's Severstal, but it was declared insolvent in 2012.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
LONDON: Troubled steelmaker Lucchini said on Tuesday it planned to ask India's JSW Steel to raise its offer of less than $100 million for the Italian company's core assets in Piombino on the Tuscan coast.
Lucchini, Italy's second-largest steel plant by capacity, was previously owned by Russia's Severstal , but it was declared insolvent in 2012 and placed under special administration. JSW so far has made the only binding offer.
Italian media reported on Tuesday that Algerian family-owned conglomerate Cevital was ready to offer $300 million for the assets and commit to building two electric arc furnaces in Piombino.
JSW's plan is to use Piombino as a processing facility, bringing the steel in from elsewhere rather than producing it locally. Italian labour unions are opposed to such a piecemeal sale because it would mean job losses.
"We will ask the Commissioner to evaluate every offer and not just the most advanced one. We understand Cevital would keep steelmaking alive in Piombino, whereas JSW would not," said Gianni Venturi , national co-ordinator for Italian union FIOM CGIL .
The Cevital group includes, mining, food processing, auto distribution and a variety of manufacturing businesses in areas such as glass, cement and metal working.
Both Cevital and JSW could not immediately be reached for comment.
The Piombino complex employs about 2,000 people and can produce 2.5 million tonnes of steel a year. The Italian government has taken a keen interest in its sale as it struggles to pull the country out of a third recession in six years.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Rate cut chances brightenRate cut chances brighten
RBI releases Data on India s International Trade in Services: August 2014RBI releases Data on India s International Trade in Services: August 2014
Opinion polls point to a BJP plurality  but not a majority  in Maharashtra  HaryanaOpinion polls point to a BJP plurality  but not a majority  in Maharashtra  Haryana
Indirect tax collections grow 5.8% to Rs 2 418.11 bn in Apr-September 14Indirect tax collections grow 5.8% to Rs 2 418.11 bn in Apr-September 14
Diesel price likely to be cut by Rs 2.50/litre soonDiesel price likely to be cut by Rs 2.50/litre soon
Trivia: India s GDP  Micromax  Times Job and Future Group etc.Trivia: India s GDP  Micromax  Times Job and Future Group etc.
President Invites Norwegian Investment In India s InfrastructurePresident Invites Norwegian Investment In India s Infrastructure
Sebi fines Glaxo for delayed disclosure in Indian listed armSebi fines Glaxo for delayed disclosure on Indian arm
Press Trust of India | Mumbai Oct 14, 2014 10:46 PM IST
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) on Tuesday slapped a fine of Rs 25 lakh on Glaxo Group, a promoter entity of drug maker Glaxo SmithKline Pharmaceuticals, for failing to make timely disclosures about its aggregate shareholding to the company and the stock exchanges.
Sebi came across the violations by Glaxo Group while examining a draft letter of offer filed by Glaxo SmithKline Pharmaceuticals along with UK-based Glaxo SmithKline Plc and Glaxo Group, to acquire 24.33 per cent stake in the India-listed group entity.
As on quarter ending September, 2014, Glaxo Group held 35.99 per cent stake in Glaxo Smithkline Pharmaceuticals as the largest promoter shareholder.
Penalties totalling to Rs 25 lakh which need to be paid within 45 days have been imposed by the regulator for violating various provisions of Sebi’s Takeover Regulations.
Under these norms, a promoter of a listed company has to, disclose, together with persons acting in concert with him, the aggregate shareholding and voting rights as on March 31, in the firm, within a prescribed time period, to the relevant stock exchanges as well as the company.
Sebi found that Galxo Group, as a promoter group entity, was under an obligation to disclose the aggregate shareholdings to the BSE and NSE as well as to Glaxo Smithkline Pharmaceuticals India for the year 2007.
However, the said disclosures were admittedly made by the entity with an aggregate delay of 60 days.
The market watchdog also noted that Glaxo Group was required to disclose its shareholdings for the year 2012 and 2013, but made the same with an aggregate delay of 158 days.

Bulk hiring is back in IT companiesBulk hiring of engineers is back
T E Narasimhan & Kalpana Pathak | Chennai/ Mumbai Oct 15, 2014 08:52 PM IST
Hiring in bulk is back on campuses with leading information technology (IT) companies Infosys, Wipro, Accenture and Cognizant recruiting in four digits, and making multiple offers to one student in some cases.
In certain cases, in a bid to place more students, engineering institutes have done away with reserving Day One slot for a specific IT company and are inviting more than one company on campuses for recruitment.
In this numbers game, 4,000 job offers were made on the first day of the recruitment at Chennai-based SRM University, of which 3,700 were from three IT majors — Infosys, Wipro and Cognizant. While Cognizant handed over 1,502 job offers, Infosys and Wipro issued 1,105 and 1,082 offers, respectively, on the first day.
“The current year was better than last year in terms of placements, and around 100 companies are expected to visit the campus in engineering section alone,’ said S Ganapathy, dean (placement cell) at SRM University.
Works Applications Company, a Japanese firm, has offered the highest salary of Rs 33 lakh to a SRM University student. Last year, too, the same company had offered Rs 33 lakh to a student.  At another Chennai-based institute — The Vellore Institute of Technology (VIT) — a total of 5,828 job offers were made to 4,000-plus students by four companies - Cognizant, Infosys, Wipro Technology and Accenture - in a single slot of recruitment drive that started on September 1.
The Institute said 3,200 students have been placed till now against 2,600 students last year. Code Nation, a Bangalore-based firm, offered the highest package of Rs 24 lakh a year, while the average salary has been Rs 4.5 lakh a year.
VIT’s chancellor
G Viswanathan said contrary to the National Association of Software and Services Companies (Nasscom)’s employability statistics, which stated that only 20 per cent of engineering graduates were employable, VIT has placed 90-95 per cent of its students every year. Sekar Viswanathan, vice-president, VIT, noted that students from B Tech, M Tech, M S (software engineering), MCA, MSc (computer science), and MSc (electronics) were placed as part of the recruitment drive this year.
Samuel Raj Kumar, director (placements) at VIT, said in the first phase, starting from July till now, 95 companies have visited the institute compared to 60-65 last year. While the IT services companies’ packages did not see any increase, IT product, automobile, core engineering firms offered 20 per cent higher than what they had offered last year.
VIT offered Slot-1 (Day One) to Accenture, Cognizant, Wipro and Infosys. Wipro hired 1,141 students, Accenture 1,324, Infosys 1,452 and Cognizant 1,911. The total of 5,828 offers surpasses last year’s total of 3,934 offers. Cognizant has surpassed its own record at VIT, beating its previous highest of 1,820 offers.
Sriram Rajagopal, vice-president (human resources) at Cognizant, said: “We continue to hire the best and the brightest talent globally in order to meet business demand across many of our service lines, and continue to invest in growth. Notably, during the June-ended quarter of 2014, we accelerated our recruitment with 7,200 net hires globally - the strongest hiring we have experienced in any quarter during the past two-and-a-half years.”
Other companies that recruited from VIT include eBay, DeShaw and Flipkart, which recruited 15 students with a salary package of around Rs 15 lakh a year. Code Nation, which has offered the highest package so far, recruited one student. Deloitte (67), Schneider Electric (31) are among other recruiters.
The campus recruitments for 2015 graduating batch started with the MTech internship placements on June 17 with Intel recruiting 38 students. Companies that recruited M.Tech students for internships included NetApp, GE, VmWare, Cummins, Trimble, Altiux, Continental, Ingersoll Rand, Robert & Bosch, Alcatel Lucent, DEP, Athena Health. Two-hundred and thirty-five students have been recruited for internships.
Core Engineering companies such as Maruti, ITC, L&T Constructions, and Ford will be conducting the recruitment drive, which will start in January and go till April.
According to sources, SRM has changed its pattern of providing one exclusive day for the IT majors and has, instead, invited several IT companies on the same day in a bid to place more students.
Last year, the Day One slot was exclusive for Tata Consultancy Services, which offered 1,154 jobs. Sources said on condition of anonymity that TCS might not be interested in day sharing model of recruitment.
The expectations of the companies that visit the institution for recruitment are high. Companies are evaluating students on their idea of the company's expectations and exposure on social mobility and cloud.
At Mumbai-based VJTI, Accenture, IBM, and Infosys will shortly visit to make job offers in bulk. VJTI has so far seen Japanese company Rakuten picking up students and making the highest offer at Rs 40 lakh a year. Another Japanese company, IBJ Group, has offered three students a pay package of Rs 20 lakh each.
“Students wanted to join dream companies. We are focusing on them. We will also have mass recruiters on the campus in a few days,” said a placement official at VJTI. The institute has around 500 students to be placed this year.
Institutes in Pune have also seen the placement numbers surge this year compared to last year. Nearly 700 out of 900 students in the College of Engineering, Pune, have already been placed. Last year, the figure was less than 400.

PM announces Rs 1 000 cr interim assistance to AndhraPM announces Rs 1,000 cr interim assistance to Andhra
BS Reporters | Visakhapatnam/ Hyderabad Oct 15, 2014 12:21 AM IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday announced interim assistance of Rs 1,000 crore towards relief and rehabilitation measures in the cyclone-affected areas of Andhra Pradesh. He assured further assistance would be provided after a detailed survey of the devastation caused by cyclone Hudhud.
The PM, who visited Visakhapatnam on Tuesday, said the kin of the deceased would be given Rs 2 lakh each, while each of the injured would be provided Rs 50,000 from the Prime Minister’s Relief Fund.
The PM added he would talk to insurance companies to expedite the settlement of farmers’ claims, as the standing crop in the region had been destroyed.
Earlier, Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu had sought Rs 2,000 crore as interim assistance from the Centre. He had also urged the cyclone be declared a national calamity.
On Tuesday, Naidu told the media the damage caused by the cyclone was huge. Eastern Power Distribution Company is estimated have incurred a loss of Rs 40,000 crore. About 6,000 transformers and 16,000 electric poles have been uprooted by gales.
Naidu said preliminary estimates showed the loss suffered by Visakhapatnam Steel Plant would be Rs 1,000 crore, Indian Navy Rs 2,000 crore and the Visakhapatnam airport Rs 500 crore. Losses to the state’s roads stood at Rs 800 crore.
Revenue officials said due to the cyclone, the industrial sector in the three coastal districts of Visakhapatnam, Srikakulam and Vizianagaram would see a daily production loss of Rs 170 crore. For 2013-14, gross domestic industrial production in the three districts was worth Rs 60,000 crore; of this, Visakhapatnam accounted for Rs 35,000 crore.
Owing to disruption in power supply, industrial activity in the three districts has come to a standstill. A Hindustan Petroleum Corporation refinery, NTPC’s 2,000-Mw power plant and all pharmaceutical units in Visakhapatnam, as well as hundreds of small and medium enterprises in the region, have suspended production. The services sector in the three districts is said to be incurring daily losses of Rs 20-25 crore. The South Central Railway has said it incurred a revenue loss of about Rs 15.6 crore through the past three days — Rs 4.6 crore in the passenger segment and Rs 11 crore in the freight segment. The entity started restoring train services on Tuesday.
While the Kakinada port has resumed operations, the ports at Visakhapatnam and Gangavaram have been partially reopened. It is expected the Visakhapatnam airport will commence operations soon.

JSW Cement plans Rs 2 500 crore investment in KarnatakaJSW Cement plans Rs 2,500 crore investment in Karnataka
Mahesh Kulkarni | Bangalore Oct 15, 2014 12:11 AM IST
JSW Cement Ltd, a part of the $11 billion JSW Group, is planning to set up a 3 million tonnes per annum (mtpa) clinkerisation plant at Chittapur in Gulbarga district at an estimated cost of Rs 2,500 crore.
The company presently operates three plants with a combined capacity of 6 mtpa cement plants at Vijayanagar in Karnataka, Dolvi in Maharashtra and Nandyal (4.8 million tonnes per annum) in Andhra Pradesh.
Clinkerisation is the heart of cement manufacturing process.
“Gulbarga project is still in preliminary stages and we have approached the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) for permissions. It will take at least two to three years to materialise,” Pankaj Kulkarni, Director, JSW Cement Ltd told Business Standard.
He said the 3 mtpa clinker capacity at Gulbarga will help the company manufacture 6 mtpa cement at different places. The new plant is part of the company’s expansion programme. It intends to expand its capacity to 25 mtpa by 2025.
JSW Cement manufactures only Portland slag cement, for which it gets slag, the key raw material from its steel plants in Vijayanagar and Dolvi.
The Portland slag cement accounts for about 7 per cent of the total cement business in the country. Out of 360 million tonnes of cement sold annually, PSC accounts for about 23 million tonnes. Of this, JSW Cement contributes 6 million tonnes or about 26 per cent.
The company is also in the advanced stages of expanding the grinding capacity at Vijayanagar to 0.8 million tonnes per annum from 0.6 million tonnes per annum. It also operates a 0.6 mtpa grinding unit at Dolvi.
“We have been allotted limestone deposits at Chitapur in Gulbarga district. WE have to start exploration and assess the exact quantity of limestone deposits. We are working with Karnataka government for establishing the clinkerisation plant,” Kulkarni said.
JSW Cement will expand its capacity wherever JSW Steel sets up steel plants. JSW Steel is currently in the process of setting up a steel plant in Jharkhand as part of its plans to increase the steel capacity to 40 million tonnes per annum from 14.3 mtpa, he said.
He said JSW Cement is currently selling its Portland slag cement across south India and southern parts of Maharashtra and Odisha.
In addition to cement, JSW has also ventured into manufacture of grounded granulated BF Slag (GGBS), which is used in manufacture of Ready Mix Concrete (RMC) and site mix plants. The company is supplying GGBS to Bangalore Metro Rail Corporation. Annually, it sells one million tonnes of GGBS.

R-Jio asks for microwave backbone carriersR-Jio asks for microwave backbone carriers
BS Reporter | New Delhi Oct 14, 2014 06:30 PM IST
Reliance Jio Infocomm, the telecom arm of Mukesh Ambani controlled Reliance Industries, has asked the Department of Telecommunications (DoT) to allocate microwave backbone frequency carriers in 6/7 GHz band.
In a letter on October 13, the company has said that it requires at least two microwave backbone carriers of 28MHz paired bandwidth each in all 22 telecom zones in the 6/7GHz band for point to point radiowave backhaul links.
The company has noted that rollout of its network is severely hampered due to non-availability of microwave backbone frequency carriers. Allocation of the microwave backbone frequency will help the company to meet rollout obligations, and it would also be able to offer its long-term evolution (LTE) services in the rural areas.

Inflation is Now Well Under Control: Arvind VirmaniYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Inflation is Now Well Under Control:  Arvind Virmani
Published On:                  October 13, 2014                 | Duration: 25 min, 59 sec

If youre not paying for it  you are the market  Nobel editionIf you’re not paying for it, you are the market, Nobel edition | FT Alphaville
All times are London time

Hayden was adept on bouncy pitches as well as turners: DravidFormer Australian opening batsman Mathew Hayden. File photo
TOPICS
cricket
Due to his built, Dravid remembered Hayden as an incredibly "imposing batsman".
Former India captain Rahul Dravid paid glowing tributes to his one time contemporary and powerful Australian opener Matthew Hayden terming him as one player, who was equally adept on bouncy pitches of Australia as well as the turners in the sub-continent.
“A phenomenal player. A dominating batsmen for Australia at the start. Someone who (was) equally adept in bouncy conditions of Australia and in the sub-continent. The technique that he had against spin and ability to sweep deliveries that others probably wouldn’t have had a chance to get to, made him a formidable opponent in any condition,” Dravid commented on ‘Modern Masters’, a video series on ESPN Cricinfo.
Due to his built, Dravid remembered Hayden as an incredibly “imposing batsman”.
“An incredibly imposing batsman. He had this sort of wide stance like a lot of modern batsmen have. A bat that came of a very high back-lift and sometimes in an arc from around second slip. It came down in one big flow or one big swoop,” Dravid said.
“His ability to just pick up good length balls from off stump and deposit them over mid-on and mid-wicket was incredible.”
According to Dravid, Hayden certainly had a specific plan while playing against spinners in India.
“He had a definite plan. Not only did he master the sweep and played it in on one place but he also had this ability to sweep different parts of the ground.
“So he swept finer sometimes, squarer, if you moved the field around a little bit, he was able to hit you slightly in front of square sometimes. A player, who used that sweep differently and not as a desperate measure as we sometimes see foreign batsmen do. He used it as a calculated plan to upset the bowlers.”

Investing smart in a rocky marketInvesting smart in a rocky market
October 14, 2014: 7:53 AM ET
 
Biggest retirement mistakes
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
I've been sitting on the sidelines as the stock market has climbed in recent years. I want to invest, but I'm afraid I'll buy in at the top and lose big. Should I invest now, despite the recent turmoil? Or should I wait and get in at the beginning of the next bull market? -- Meg M., Milwaukee, Wisc.
Trying to time your entry into or exit out of the stock market is a guessing game you can't win. It's just impossible to divine where stock prices are headed.
Getting help
Given recent volatility, doubts about global growth prospects and the fact that last week stock prices closed 5% lower than their level just three weeks ago, investors are understandably worried that we could be on the verge of a major meltdown.
But it's not as if investors haven't been skittish before or haven't seen worse declines from which the market has recovered and gone on to new gains. Prior to this most recent setback, the market dipped between 4% and 6% three times this year, as it did the year before. In 2012 there was a near-9% setback, while in the summer of 2011 stock prices dropped almost 17%.
That doesn't mean the recent turmoil will be followed by another surge. But it does show that volatility and setbacks don't necessarily mean a downturn is imminent. Fact is, while we all know this bull market will end someday, no one knows when that day will be.
Related: 3 biggest risks every retirement investor should know about
As for your plan to wait until prices decline and then get in on the next bull market, well, that sounds nice. But how will you know whether prices have truly bottomed out or are likely to fall even more?
It's easy to pinpoint market turning points with the benefit of a stock chart and 20/20 hindsight. There will always be doubt and ambiguity in real time.
My advice: Don't even get into this should-I-or-shouldn't-I conundrum. It will get you nowhere. Instead, I suggest you develop a strategy that allows you to reap the advantages of the financial markets in a sensible way. Here's how to do that.
1. Don't even think of investing in stocks until you've established an emergency fund.
History shows that stocks can provide superior long-term returns . But to reap those long-term gains, you've got to be willing to ride out some short-term setbacks along the way. So you don't want to put money in the stock market that you might need to meet emergencies, unexpected expenses, or funds you'll need to sustain you in the event of a layoff.
Which is why I recommend that before you start investing in stocks and other investments whose value can fluctuate, you first set aside at least three months' worth of living expenses in a savings or money-market account that's insured by the FDIC.
Calculator: Will you have enough to retire?
Today, such accounts pay only a pittance. But maximizing yield is not the main goal for this portion of your savings. Your aim is to have a stash of ready cash you know you can always draw on, so you don't have to liquidate stocks at an inopportune time.
2. Assess your risk tolerance and then create an appropriate stocks-bonds mix.
The real key to investing in stocks is to remember that you shouldn't be investing only in stocks. Rather, you want to create a portfolio of stocks and bonds that reflects the amount of risk you can stomach and the returns you'll need to achieve your goals.
Let's start with how to gauge your risk tolerance. Investors face a variety of risks . But here I'm mostly talking about estimating how much of a downturn you can stand before you start selling off stocks and moving into more stable investments.
One way to do that is to fill out a risk tolerance questionnaire, like the one in RealDealRetirement's Retirement Toolbox that helps you gauge what size loss you can stomach and then suggests an allocation of stocks and bonds that jibes with that tolerance. Once you have that recommended stocks-bonds mix, you can then see how it has performed in past severe downturns and see whether you would be comfortable sticking with it.
Related: Asset allocation: Fix your mix
In the financial crisis of 2008, for example, stocks lost 37%, while a broad portfolio of investment-grade taxable bonds gained 5.2%. So a mix of 75% stocks and 25% bonds would have lost roughly 27%. If a loss of that size would have had you dumping the stock portion of your portfolio, then you may be better off in a tamer blend, say, 50% stocks and 50% bonds, which would have declined 16%.
Here's the tricky part, though. While a more conservative mix may be more emotionally acceptable, it may not generate the returns you'll need to build a retirement nest egg or provide reasonable assurance that your savings will support you throughout a long retirement. So before settling on a portfolio, try plugging it into a retirement calculator that can show you how different blends of stocks and bonds can affect your chances of having a secure retirement.
What you'll probably find is that you'll have to balance your desire for protection from market setbacks with your long-term need for returns high enough to allow you to reach your goals.
3. Resist the urge to abandon your plan when the market sinks (or soars).
This third step may be the toughest. It's one thing to calmly and rationally create a portfolio. It's quite another, however, to avoid abandoning it when every news headline or cable TV pundit is screaming that Armageddon is at hand and investors should flee the market -- or, alternatively, crowing that the market's ready to surge and that real investors should have all their money in stocks.
That's why a crucial part of a long-term investing strategy is to avoid becoming overly pessimistic when the market is flailing or overconfident when all is going swimmingly and stock prices hit and surpass new highs. In short, you've got to learn to ignore the hype and hoopla -- what I refer to as the investment circus -- and have the confidence to stick to your plan.
Bottom line: Focus on creating a stocks-bonds portfolio that jibes with your risk tolerance and goals. Because if you continue to obsess about whether this is a good or bad time to start investing or what the stock market is going to do in the short-term, you may find yourself still on the sidelines years from now, regretting that you never got into the game.
Walter Updegrave is the editor of RealDealRetirement.com . If you have a question on retirement or investing that you would like Walter to answer online, send it to him at walter@realdealretirement.com .

Twitter to use S-money service for payments ...Users tweet a payment request to S-money, which then requires an authentication code before sending amount, & a tweet to receiver confirming payment.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
PARIS/FRANKFURT: One of France's largest banks launched a service on Tuesday to allow its customers to transfer money to other people via tweets on social network Twitter Inc.
The move by Groupe BPCE, France's second largest bank by customers, is an effort to attract attention and users to its S-Money mobile payments unit, which already allows people to transfer money over mobile phones via text message.
Created by the bank using Twitter's open software standards, known as APIs, the service allows French customers to send money to a friend regardless of which bank they use, and without requiring them to know the recipient's banking details.
For its part, Twitter is making its own separate push into the world of online payments as the social network seeks new sources of revenue beyond advertising.
Twitter is racing other tech giants Apple and Facebook to get a foothold in new payment services for mobile phones or apps. They are collaborating and, in some cases, competing with banks and credit card issuers that have run the business for decades.
"We salute the spirit of innovation of the BPCE," said Olivier Gonzalez , who heads Twitter France , in a statement.
Last month, Twitter started trials of its own new service, dubbed "Twitter Buy", to allow consumers to find and buy products on its social network.
The service embeds a "Twitter Buy" button inside tweets posted by more than two dozen stores, music artists and non-profits. Burberry, Home Depot, and musicians such as Pharrell and Megadeth are among the early vendors.
Twitter's role to date has been to connect customers rather than processing payments or checking their identities.
"From the Twitter point of view, there is a limit to their appetite for getting involved in payments processing itself," said Andrew Copeman, a payments analyst with financial services research firm AITE Group, who is based in Edinburgh, Scotland.
"At the moment, banks are probably viewing Twitter and other social media networks as marketing channels to reach a wider set of their customers and to extend the bank's existing mobile banking initiatives," he said.
Twitter's success in developing additional services on its platform as Facebook has done will be key to its future profitability. Rakuten Bank in Japan offers a similar "Transfer by Facebook" service that lets users of its mobile banking app send money to anyone in their Facebook friends list.
Investors have been worried about Twitter's slowing user growth, sending the shares down about 17 per cent this year, while rival Facebook's have climbed 35 per cent.
Thomas Husson, a marketing strategy analyst with Forrester Research, said Twitter was likely to multiply efforts to explore new ways to generate revenue with banks and credit card firms.
"Twitter wants to more explicitly demonstrate the overall value of its network as an advertising platform," he said.

After the storm: Food riots in Vizag  PM announces Rs 1 000-cr relief for Hudhud-hit AndhraFood riots broke in the port city of Visakhapatnam on Tuesday as hundreds of people looted relief trucks in a scramble for drinking water, milk, vegetables and petrol following massive shortages two days after a cyclone battered the eastern coast.
 
People fled with enormous sacks of food grain and police used batons to disperse the crowd as Andhra Pradesh’s biggest city struggled to pick up the pieces after Cyclone Hudhud, which killed 22 people in three north coastal districts.
A picture of the swathe of destruction caused by cyclone Hudhud in Vizag. (Arun Sharma/ HT Photo)
The cyclone has damaged several sub-stations and uprooted thousands of electricity poles, making it next to impossible for officials to restore power. Tuesday was the fourth consecutive day in Visakhapatnam – known popularly as Vizag -- without power.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who visited the storm-hit city, announced a Rs. 1,000-crore relief package for Andhra Pradesh, where thousands of people were forced to leave their homes.
“For people of Visakhapatnam, please give drinking water and other essential commodities. I have not seen such a terrible situation in my life,” a resident pleaded with folded hands as people mobbed relief officials and ransacked supplies.
 
Women with children in their arms searched for milk and serpentine queues were seen outside petrol stations in Vizag which bore the brunt of the cyclone’s fury.
 
Prices of essential commodities leapt because of the shortages. “Drinking water and milk costing Rs. 20 each are being sold for Rs. 50 as black-marketeers are having a field day,” said another angry resident.
 
Long queues were seen at fuel stations for the second straight day, despite government assurances that there was enough fuel to last a fortnight. Many had to wait in line for the better part of the day to get fuel, procured at erratic prices. While Lattu Chanti, an auto driver, got diesel at Rs. 64 per litre, ME Krishna, a railway employee, had to pay Rs. 100 per litre for petrol.
Hundreds lined up outside ATMs too, since cash hadn’t been filled up at several centres with the bank network down. Only a few branches were providing partial services.
The famous King George Hospital is also in shambles with authorities forced to discharge patients lodged in wards damaged by Hudhud. 
 
The cyclone hit near the city on Sunday with heavy rains and wind speeds of 185 kilometres per hour.
 
Chief minister N Chandrababu Naidu urged the Centre to treat the devastation caused by the storm as a “national calamity”. “We will rebuild this city and the confidence of its people,” he said.
Watch: Hudhud leaves Andhra, Odisha in tatters
After visiting parts of the worst-affected port city and a review meeting with Naidu and top officials, Modi told reporters at Vishakapatnam, "The Centre is fully with the people of Andhra pradesh. Both governments are working hand in hand."
Modi, who made an aerial survey of the affected areas of both north coastal Andhra and Odisha, also declared Rs. 2 lakh from Prime Minister's Relief Fund for families of each of those killed and Rs. 50,000 to every injured.
Naidu said, "Some people are selling essential items at high prices. It is not fair to try to exploit the situation. We have taken a decision to provide packages of food items in all cyclone-hit areas."
Naidu has been camping in the city since Monday to oversee rehabilitation efforts.
Meanwhile, the city’s two million residents have slowly started returning to normal life amid a trail of destruction all around left by the storm --  houses with collapsed walls or roofs blown away, roads littered with fallen trees, electric poles and traffic booths.
Train services resumed partially on the Visakhapatnam-Bhubaneshwar route but the crucial Vizag-Vijayawada route is yet to be restored. Both bus and mobile phone services improved.
(With agency inputs)

All 5 held guilty in Delhi s Dhaula Kuan gangrape caseAll 5 held guilty in Delhi's Dhaula Kuan rape case
Avantika Mehta , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 14, 2014
First Published: 14:41 IST(14/10/2014) | Last Updated: 21:50 IST(14/10/2014)
Comments
A city court on Tuesday convicted five men of abducting and gang-raping a call centre employee in Delhi in 2010, one of the first cases that drew attention to growing sexual violence against women in the city.
The sensational gang rape of the 30-year-old woman, known as the Dhaula Kuan gang rape, transfixed the city for weeks and brought into focus the issue of safety of working women – especially women working late shifts at call centres – in India.
The prosecution said the men abducted the woman while she was walking home with a colleague near Dhaula Kuan after being dropped off by an office cab after midnight. They grabbed the women, threatened them with a country-made pistol and tried to force them into their vehicle, but the victim’s friend managed to escape after a brief struggle and call police. The five men drove to west Delhi’s Mangolpuri where they took turns raping her and then dumped her on an isolated road.
In a 131-page judgment delivered in a tense room filled with the convicts’ family and media, Additional Sessions Judge Virender Bhat found  Usman, Shamshad, Shahid, Iqbal and Kamruddin guilty of working together to kidnap, gang-rape, and criminally intimidate the 30-year-old rape survivor on November 24, 2010.
The sentence will be announced on Friday. The maximum sentence for gang rape in India is life imprisonment and a judge cannot give less than 10 years for rape.
Following the incident, Delhi Police ordered call centres in the NCR to drop female employees home safely and provide them security while travelling at night. The department also instructed PCR vans to be visible on roads and one officer to remain outside every such vehicle at all times.
All five accused said they had been falsely implicated. Usman’s counsel said police tampered with DNA evidence to procure a guilty verdict. The court dismissed the contentions and added that the convicts Usman and Shamshad had confessed to the crime in disclosure statements to police.
The victim's father told HT she was threatened and also offered money to withdraw her complaint.
“My daughter has received threat calls from unknown people to withdraw the case. Initially they offered us money to keep our mouths shut but when we did not accept their offers they started threatening us. We had to move her back home fearing her life,” said her father.
According to him, his daughter had fought to  move from the north-east to Delhi where after a yearlong job search she managed to find a job in a call centre in Gurgaon.
A recent Commonwealth survey found that a rape has taken place every 25 minutes in India over the past 13 years, though activists say only 10% of sexual violence cases are actually reported to police.
The brutal gang rape of a young medical student in Delhi in December 2012 forced the government to amend existing laws and criminalise voyeurism, stalking and the trafficking of women. The law, passed by Parliament in March 2013, also makes it a crime for police officers to refuse to open cases when complaints are made.

Markets try for a rally at the openTuesday, 14 Oct 2014 |  4:00  PM ET
CNBC.com
Volatility about fear not fundamentals: Strategist
Discussing market volatility across sectors, with James Liu, JPMorgan Funds global market strategist.
U.S. stocks mostly advanced on Tuesday, with the S&P 500 and Nasdaq Composite halting their worst three-day rout since 2011, with the energy sector slammed along with the price of oil, as investors considered earnings from banking powerhouses JPMorgan Chase , Citigroup and Wells Fargo and waiting to hear from Intel.
"Today was a transition day, it was important to show some sort of a gain after a strong start. But what you're seeing is fear about the Fed going away at the end of the month, this is a lot about trying to see true valuations of these stocks," said JJ Kinahan, chief strategist at TD Ameritrade.
JPMorgan Chase edged lower after reporting earnings that missed and revenue that beat estimates; Citigroup rose after topping expectations on both the top and bottom lines; Wells Fargo declined after matching profit estimates and reporting revenue just above expectations. Johnson & Johnson erased gains that came after with the diversified health-care company's earnings.
"After the unrelenting selling pressure we've seen over the last few weeks, in the near term we are very oversold. It's hard to know how long a bounce from an oversold position can hold," said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Securities.
"Earnings are coming in reasonably good, but the market is a forward-looking mechanism, so it is really a reaction to the outlook for fourth-quarter earnings and 2015," said Jim Russell, senior equity strategist for US Bank Wealth Management.
"We're hopeful that this is more than a technical bounce, as of the open, the S&P 500 was 6.9 percent from its high, but it feels like more than that because of the violence of the decline and the volatility associated with it," said Russell.
After ending at its highest level since June 2012 the prior day, the CBOE Volatility Index (VIX), a measure of investor uncertainty, on Tuesday fell 7.5 percent to 23.79.
"If in fact we have a deflationary global slowdown trade, it's only exacerbated by weak data out of Germany," added Hogan of a gauge of investor confidence in Germany, which fell to a two-year low in October. The German government also cut is 2014 economic-growth outlook for the euro-zone's largest economy.
Symbol

Alstom gets Rs 138-cr equipment supply contract from Power GridAlstom gets Rs 138-cr equipment supply contract from Power Grid
BS Reporter | New Delhi Oct 14, 2014 06:47 PM IST
Alstom T&D India has received a contract worth Rs 138 crores from PowerGrid Corporation for supply of transformers and reactors to strengthen the southern grid.
Under the contract, Alstom will supply six units of 400/200 kV, 500 MVA transformers and two units of 420 kV, 125 MVAr shunt reactors. The company’s statement said the project is a part of Power Grid’s system strengthening scheme to boost power handling capacity of substations, and stabilise the transmission infrastructure in Southern India
This is Alstom’s second such project in the country after it was awarded contract to expand grid substations across eastern India.

Bajaj Auto Q2 net at Rs 591 crBajaj Auto Q2 net at Rs 591 cr
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Oct 14, 2014 06:34 PM IST
Bajaj Auto today reported a net profit of Rs 590.90 crore for the three months ended September, hit by a one-time expense of Rs 340.29 crore related to Pantnagar plant in Uttarakhand.
The company had posted a net profit of Rs 837.16 crore in the same quarter last fiscal.
Net sales during the period under review stood at Rs 5,826.85 crore as against Rs 5,061.49 crore in the year-ago quarter, the company said in a filing to the BSE.
The company's revenues from exports rose to Rs 2,736 crore as against Rs 2,125 crore in the same period of the previous fiscal.
Unit sales volume during the period rose to 10,55,582 units as against 961,330 units in the same quarter last fiscal.
Shares of Bajaj Auto today closed at Rs 2,410.05 per scrip on the BSE, up 2.5%, from their previous close.

The many flavours of FreedomUpdated: October 14, 2014 19:31 IST
The many flavours of Freedom
GEETA PADMANABHAN
Special arrangement At the Freedom bazaar, Puzhal prison
TOPICS
human interest
Besides income earned from the sale of a range of made-on-campus goodies at the Freedom bazaar at Puzhal prison, the inmates earn a tidy income from organic farming
It’s noon and the scene outside Puzhal prison looks like a mini mela. Men and women edge past the ‘for hire’ vehicles in the front yard to reach the row of Freedom shops, in what is obviously a popular “arcade”. Shopping bags soon fill with packed sweets, cakes, buns, puffs, chips and Indian snacks for future use and foil-boxes of lunch for now. The shops are accessible from the road, the stuff is of good quality and the prices are reasonable — but their popularity has an ingredient that overrides them all: the goodies come with a big dose of pride. They are prepared and sold by prisoners, and the customers are often their family members. Beams a woman shopper: “My husband didn't bring home a paisa when he was outside, but now I get a monthly amount he earns honestly inside!”
Preparing and marketing food items is only one of the activities the prison inmates engage in. At the prison office, S. Rajendran, DIG-Prisons (Chennai Range) and Rukmani Priyadarshini, Additional Superintendent, rattle off the initiatives so fast that I beg them to slow down to make notes. Education, technical or academic, is big. “Insiders” are trained to be four-wheeler mechanics, learn computer-use, and appear for degree-course exams of Open Universities. “Our boys Nesamani (Mechanic) and Munisamy (Fashion Designing) are gold medallists in their courses,” says the DIG, sounding like a proud dad. Meanwhile, the AS displays professionally stitched shirts on the table. “The prison bazaar opened last December; we make Rs.60,000-Rs.70,000 per day, and 20 per cent of the earnings go to the prisoner’s bank account,” they say. More Freedom outlets are at the Saidapet Court, IG’s Office, Egmore, Commissioner’s Office, Vepery and Police Housing, Kilpauk.
Some bake, others paint. Some others make sanitary items, assemble LED products, do art work, roll out appalams or build hollow-block bricks – all of it at commercial standards with help from NGOs. “We started with a small amount and the projects are now worth Rs. 7 lakh-plus,” say the officials. As they pause for breath, I ask: How is your new venture – organic farming – doing? “Oh, yes!” the DIG stands up, “let me take you on a tour.”
Shoba Menon of Nizhal had briefed me about it. In 2009, Nataraj, ADGP-Prisons, invited Nizhal to green the campus. Shoba’s team drew up a plan to teach inmates organic farming skills — “to heal the land and their minds.” It needed several rounds of conversations with experts, prisoners and officials to get everyone on board. Eventually, interest sprouted and the inmates were willing to try out the “new” farming method. “The initial months were challenging,” said Shoba. “But our goal was clear — greening both land and minds. And that we have been able to, with the extensive support of the Prison Department and the ADGP-Prisons, J. K. Tripathy.”
The farm is a marvel. The fruits of this “Make-in-Prison” labour spread across acres — my eyes jump from gourds to beans to melons to drumsticks to chillies to tomatoes to bananas to lady’s fingers — an organic-veggie heaven! Tons are harvested for kitchen use, greens reach the Freedom Bazaar. Shrubs and trees (mango, guava, iluppai, magizham, tabebuia) line the edges, casting a green shadow. “It was all barren, unproductive land, when we started,” says T. D. Babu, Nizhal. It was cleaned, ploughed, watered and enriched with organic manure. Seedlings were sown, transplanted in rows, and trellises built for climbers. “We care for them like they are our children,” say the gardeners.
In the pipeline is organic minor-millet farming. Looking to make this a professionally-run project, the DIG has signed an MoU with a marketing expert to produce and market them from Puzhal. This will establish the Freedom brand.
Material benefits of horti/agriculture in prisons are fine, but the social benefits are immense, Babu points out. “This is excellent use of human and bio-resources. Instead of being “state guests” the inmates now are leaders, engaged in gainful work. They regain self-esteem when they see themselves as producers/suppliers of essentials to society. Organic farming/forestry has wide ramifications on how we manage prisons and the people who have to stay there.”
All the central prisons in Tamil Nadu have started organic farming in small and big scales, says Babu. That every prison in the state converts all leaf litter/kitchen-waste into marketable vermi-compost is a feather in the Department's cap, says Shoba. “Time city-dwellers learnt from prison campuses!”

Team  Happy New Year  has fun on Kapil s showCelebrity
'Happy New Year' sequel on the cards?
Shah Rukh Khan and Deepika Padukone starrer has made the biggest weekend opening ever with Rs. 108.86 crores (17.8 million dollars), beating the high bar set by Aamir Khan's 'Dhoom 3,' which had earned Rs. 107.61 crores (17.6 million dollars) in India.
You might also like:

Govt efforts brought down inflation: JaitleyGovt efforts brought down inflation: Jaitley
Blue Dart reports net profit of Rs 30.81 crore in Q2Blue Dart reports net profit of Rs 30.81 crore in Q2
Toyota launches the new Etios Liva hatch at Rs 4.76 lakhToyota launches the new Etios Liva hatch at Rs 4.76 lakh
Rs 2.50/litre cut in diesel price likely after state electionsRs 2.50/litre cut in diesel price likely after state elections
Comply with standards for success of  Make in India : PaswanComply with standards for success of  Make in India : Paswan
Cyclone Hudhud: Modi visits Vizag  announces Rs. 1000 cr relief for Andhra PradeshCyclone Hudhud: Modi visits Vizag  announces Rs. 1000 cr relief for Andhra Pradesh
India s services export at $12.24bnIndia s services export at $12.24bn
Exports up by 2.73%; surge in gold imports push up trade gap in SeptExports up by 2.73%; surge in gold imports push up trade gap in Sept
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Oct 14, 2014 07:10 PM IST
India's exports rose by a marginal 2.73% to $28.9 billion in September, but trade deficit more than doubled to $14.2 billion in the month due to a surge in gold imports.
Trade deficit in September, 2013 was $6.12 billion.
Gold imports in the month under review increased manifold to $3.75 billion compared to $682.5 million in same month last year. Overall imports jumped by about 26% to $43.15 billion.
During April-September period, exports registered a growth of 6.47% to $163.7 billion.
Imports during the period grew by 1.57% to $234 billion, leaving a trade deficit of $70.39 billion in the first half of the current fiscal.
India's export growth had slipped by 2.35% at $26.95 billion in August.

Sesa Sterlite says Supreme Court ruling not related to companySesa Sterlite says Supreme Court ruling not related to company
Reuters | Mumbai Oct 14, 2014 06:26 PM IST
Sesa Sterlite Ltd
said the Supreme Court's reiteration on Tuesday of a prior ruling that all iron ore mined in Goa before 2007 belonged to the western state did not relate to the company.
"It is being clarified that today's developments in the Supreme Court do not relate to Sesa Sterlite. The written order of the Supreme Court is still awaited," the company said in a statement.
Sesa Sterlite shares had dropped as much 12.4% after television channels reported the Supreme Court reiterated the prior ruling.
The stock recovered most of the loses and ended the day down 0.28% in a Mumbai market that fell 0.13%.
Sesa Sterlite was formed after Vedanta Resources Plc
merged units Sterlite Industries and Sesa Goa last year.

Bang Bang runs into profits in a weekBang Bang runs into profits in a week
Urvi Malvania | Mumbai Oct 14, 2014 07:34 PM IST
Hrithik Roshan and Katrina Kaif's action romance flick Bang Bang is achieving one milestone after another for its producer Fox Star Studios and for the lead pair. The movie, costliest from the Fox stable in India till date, marks the biggest opening for Roshan ever and has also managed to movie into profit in the first week of release.
Bang Bang, directed by Siddharth Anand, started its campaign at the box office on October 2 with net collections of Rs 27.5 crore and has gone on to make Rs 158.29 crore in 12 days. In the overseas market, the movie has made 72 crore, taking the worldwide collection to Rs 230 crore.
Vijay Singh, CEO, Fox Star Studios says, "With Bang Bang, we tried to introduce a new kind of action to Bollywood and it's clicked very well with the masses. People have appreciated the movie for its thrills and are also liking the Hrithik and Katrina pairing. In the first week itself, we were in the green when you consider the worldwide box office collections, the revenue from satellite and music and home video. For a big budget movie, that's a big thing."
In its first week, Bang Bang had domestic collections of Rs 135 crore and overseas revenues in the range of Rs 57-58 crore. The producer's share, Singh informs, was close to Rs 120 crore (total) while the satellite, home video and music rights have brought in another Rs 50 crore to Fox, taking the total revenue for the producer to Rs 170 crore. With a total cost of production in the range of Rs 140 to 150 crore, the movie had, in its first week itself, made a profit of around Rs 20 crore.
However, given its huge cost, the movieis not likely to break-even through domestic box office revenuesonly. Unlike Viacom18's Queen and Mary Kom or UTV Motion Pictures' and Dharma Productions' or Balaji Motion Pictures' Ragini MMS, Bang Bang will not be able to break-even at the domestic office level.
Singh also reveals that Bang Bang has gained traction in the overseas market because of the production quality and content. In its first phase of overseas release, the movie was launched in 750-800 screens in traditional territories like the US, UK and Middle East. It has become Roshan's biggest hit overseas and has established him as a force at the global box office.
"Most importantly, with Bang Bang, Fox Star has established itself as a studio with the end-to-end production of the movie, and that too at such a big scale, done in-house. Until now, we were either distribution and marketing partners or co-producers, but with this movie, we have started our journey as a creative production house," says Singh.
The movie has another 10 days at the cinema halls to rake in the moolah since no major release has been planned until October 24, when Red Chilies Entertainment's multi-starrer Diwali flick Happy New Year is set to hit the screens.

Americans are just not into capitalismThe Chinese like capitalism more than Americans
By Heather Long   @byHeatherLong October 14, 2014: 10:21 AM ET
Atlas holds up the world in a statue in front of Rockefeller Center in New York City.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
The United States may be the poster child for capitalism, but people living in China, India and Vietnam are bigger believers in the free market than Americans.
Pew Research surveyed people living in 44 different countries this spring. They asked a simple question: Do you agree with the following statement: "Most people are better off in a free market economy, even though some people are rich and some are poor."
Worldwide, two-thirds of those surveyed agreed, giving capitalism a thumbs up.
But the results get more interesting at the country level. In the U.S., 70% agreed that the free market is the way to go. Compare that to China (76% agree), India (72%) and South Korea (78%).
Vietnam dwarfed everyone though, with a whopping 95% in favor of capitalism.
The results are somewhat surprising for China given that the communist government has presided over a decade of incredible economic growth of over 7% a year.
"We've seen widespread support [in China] for the free market since 2002 when we began asking this question there," says Katie Simmons, a senior researcher at Pew. "They've consistently been one of the highest countries."
Simmons notes that China has enacted numerous reforms to open up the country's economy since the 1970s.
This latest Pew " global attitudes " survey shows that developing nations overall are more optimistic about the economy and the future than people living in developed countries. Parts of Europe are growing especially pessimistic.
Related: What does it take to get ahead around the world?
About half the population in both Spain and Greece no longer think the free market is the ideal. In fact, Spain, which still has an unemployment rate close to 25%, saw the largest drop in support for capitalism since 2007. The financial crisis and sluggish recovery have chipped away at support for capitalism.
The results for both China and the U.S. stayed almost exactly the same as the 2007 survey.
But the biggest doubters of capitalism among the 44 countries Pew polled can be found in Argentina. Only a third of those surveyed agreed with the statement that the free market system is best.
Argentina has struggled with price spikes for basic goods and several defaults on the nation's bond payments.
First Published: October 13, 2014: 1:37 PM ET
Most Popular

September warmest on record: NASAweather science
This September was about 0.78 degrees Celsius above the 1951-80 average temperature for the month, data from NASA’s Goddard Institute for Space Studies (GISS) has showed.
This makes it even more likely that 2014 will become the warmest year on record, Climate Central reported.
The new NASA data makes it the warmest September in the GISS records, edging out the previous September record set in 2005.
“If we continue a consistent departure from average for the rest of 2014, we will edge out 2010 as the warmest year on record,” Jake Crouch, climatologist with the US National Climatic Data Centre, was quoted as saying.
September followed the warmest August on record.
Ocean temperatures have played a large role in this, including the warmer-than-normal sea surface temperatures in the tropical Pacific Ocean that have accompanied an emerging El Nino, the report added.

Google Doodle remembers R.K. NarayanUpdated: October 10, 2014 09:50 IST
Google Doodle remembers R.K. Narayan
Internet Desk
The Hindu Google Doodle on R.K. Narayan
TOPICS
authors and poets
Google Doodle on October 10, 2014 paid tribute to ‘Malgudi Days’ creator R. K. Narayan on his 108th birthday.
“Who's the man behind the book on our doodle in India? It's Malgudi's native son, famed Indian writer RK Narayan. Narayan is a well known pioneer of early Indian literature and set most of his stories in the fictional town of Malgudi. Happy 108th birthday to RK Narayan,” it said on its Google Doodle page.
R.K. Narayan is best known for his works set in the fictional South Indian town of Malgudi. Some of his other creations include Swami and Friends, The Bachelor of Arts and The English Teacher.

Tirole wins Nobel Economics PrizeFrench economist wins Nobel for tackling monopolies
By Mark Thompson   @MarkThompsonCNN October 13, 2014: 8:30 AM ET
 
French economist earns Nobel Prize
LONDON (CNNMoney)
French economist Jean Tirole has won the 2014 Nobel prize for economics for his work on how to regulate powerful companies.
Tirole, a former MIT student, is head of economics at Toulouse University, France.
The award, announced Monday, is the first time since 1999 that an American-born economist didn't win or share the Nobel.
Tirole has spent the last 30 years studying how a small number of large firms can dominate markets and the damage that can do -- and how governments should respond.
He argues that the best regulation is adapted to the conditions of each industry, such as telecoms and banking, rather than trying a one-size-fits-all approach.
Traditional solutions, such as capping prices or banning cooperation altogether, could do more harm than good.
"Cooperation on price setting within a market is usually harmful, but cooperation regarding patent pools can benefit everyone," the Nobel committee said. "The merger of a firm and its supplier may encourage innovation, but may also distort competition."
Thomson Reuters named Tirole one of the world's most influential academics this year in a survey of the frequency of citations by peers.
Tirole co-authored "Balancing the Banks: Global Lessons from the Financial Crisis" in 2010 with Mathias Dewatripont and Jean-Charles Rochet. They proposed changes to the way banks are regulated, and urged closer international coordination in dealing with banks that get into trouble.
The Sveriges Riksbank Prize in Economic Sciences in Memory of Alfred Nobel, worth about $1.1 million, is awarded by Sweden's central bank.
Last year, Robert Shiller -- the Yale professor famous for predicting the housing and Internet stock bubbles -- won the prize along with two University of Chicago professors for their work on the pricing of financial assets.
They concluded that while predicting the price of stocks and bonds is virtually impossible in the short term, it is possible to predict the broad course of prices over longer time spans.
The only woman to win the award was Elinor Ostrom of Indiana University. She shared the prize in 2009 for her work showing communities could manage shared local resources such as land and water without heavy centralized regulation or privatization.
First Published: October 13, 2014: 7:28 AM ET
Most Popular

Maharashtra  Haryana vote in high-stakes assembly polls tomorrowComments
Some 10 crore people will vote to elect new governments in Maharashtra and Haryana on Wednesday, a major test as much of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s personal charisma as his party’s strategy to abandon long-standing allies in search of political majority in two key states.
An election official checks an EVM at a distribution centre on the eve of voting for assembly elections in Mumbai. (PTI Photo)
A victory will not only reaffirm Modi’s appeal with voters but also silence detractors of his new party leadership, which was blamed for a string of defeats in assembly by-elections that tempered the euphoria of his Lok Sabha triumph.
 
For the Congress, a poor result will possibly stoke further murmurs against Rahul Gandhi’s leadership of the Congress.
Read: All you need to know about Maharashtra elections 2014
 
The vote will also test the mettle of some of the country’s most powerful regional parties such as the Shiv Sena, Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) and the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) in the western state as well as the Indian National Lok Dal (INLD) in Haryana.
 
Within a span of about two weeks, Modi addressed 27 public meetings in Maharashtra and 11 in Haryana, a rare staking of a prime minister’s personal prestige on a high-octane state campaign. He urged voters to hand the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) a clear majority for better governance and faster development.
Pre-poll surveys show that voters may be willing to heed that request, with the numbers putting the BJP slightly ahead in the race.
 
"The BJP is likely to get an absolute majority and in terms of number of seats it could be between 150 and 160, including 40 to 45 in Vidarbha region," said BJP leader and Union minister Nitin Gadkari.
 
In comparison, the Congress campaign appeared to lack steam, with Congress vice-president Rahul and president Sonia Gandhi addressing a few meetings towards close of electioneering in the two states.
 
In Maharashtra, where some 9.33 crore people are eligible to vote, the BJP snapped its 25-year-old alliance with the Shiv Sena following differences over sharing of seats but also with hopes that Modi’s personal charisma will help it tap into growing anti-incumbency against the Congress-NCP’s 15-year rule.
The elections are the first for the Shiv Sena after the death of Bal Thackeray.
 
A pre-poll spat over seats also saw the curtains come down on the Congress-NCP alliance in the state, with political parties keeping their post-poll options open in a five-horse race.
 
Prominent candidates in the state include former Congress chief minister Prithviraj Chavan as well as former deputy CM Ajit Pawar and former ministers RR Patil and Chhagan Bhujbal of the NCP. For the BJP, state chief Devendra Fadnavis, Eknath Khadse, Vinod Tawde and Pankaja Munde are in the fray.
 
In Haryana as well the BJP called off its partnership with the Haryana Janhit Congress. The state is expected to see a three-corner contest between the BJP, Congress and the INLD which saw its jailed leader Om Prakash Chautala campaigning out on bail on medical grounds.
 
The Congress is seeking a third term there.
The main contestants in the state include chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda and Randeep Surjewala of Congress, Chautala’s son Abhay, daughter-in-law Naina and grandson Dushyant (all INLD), former Union minister Venod Sharma and former MP Kuldeep Bishnoi and his elder brother and former deputy chief minister Chander Mohan.
 
The BJP has not named its chief ministerial candidate in either state.
 

Modi announces Rs 1 000 cr for Hudhud-hit AndhraFood riots broke in the port city of Visakhapatnam on Tuesday as hundreds of people looted relief trucks in a scramble for drinking water, milk, vegetables and petrol following massive shortages two days after a cyclone battered the eastern coast.
 
People fled with enormous sacks of food grain and police used batons to disperse the crowd as Andhra Pradesh’s biggest city struggled to pick up the pieces after Cyclone Hudhud, which killed 22 people in three north coastal districts.
A picture of the swathe of destruction caused by cyclone Hudhud in Vizag. (Arun Sharma/ HT Photo)
The cyclone has damaged several sub-stations and uprooted thousands of electricity poles, making it next to impossible for officials to restore power. Tuesday was the fourth consecutive day in Visakhapatnam – known popularly as Vizag -- without power.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who visited the storm-hit city, announced a Rs. 1,000-crore relief package for Andhra Pradesh, where thousands of people were forced to leave their homes.
“For people of Visakhapatnam, please give drinking water and other essential commodities. I have not seen such a terrible situation in my life,” a resident pleaded with folded hands as people mobbed relief officials and ransacked supplies.
 
Women with children in their arms searched for milk and serpentine queues were seen outside petrol stations in Vizag which bore the brunt of the cyclone’s fury.
 
Prices of essential commodities leapt because of the shortages. “Drinking water and milk costing Rs. 20 each are being sold for Rs. 50 as black-marketeers are having a field day,” said another angry resident.
 
Long queues were seen at fuel stations for the second straight day, despite government assurances that there was enough fuel to last a fortnight. Many had to wait in line for the better part of the day to get fuel, procured at erratic prices. While Lattu Chanti, an auto driver, got diesel at Rs. 64 per litre, ME Krishna, a railway employee, had to pay Rs. 100 per litre for petrol.
Hundreds lined up outside ATMs too, since cash hadn’t been filled up at several centres with the bank network down. Only a few branches were providing partial services.
The famous King George Hospital is also in shambles with authorities forced to discharge patients lodged in wards damaged by Hudhud. 
 
The cyclone hit near the city on Sunday with heavy rains and wind speeds of 185 kilometres per hour.
 
Chief minister N Chandrababu Naidu urged the Centre to treat the devastation caused by the storm as a “national calamity”. “We will rebuild this city and the confidence of its people,” he said.
Watch: Hudhud leaves Andhra, Odisha in tatters
After visiting parts of the worst-affected port city and a review meeting with Naidu and top officials, Modi told reporters at Vishakapatnam, "The Centre is fully with the people of Andhra pradesh. Both governments are working hand in hand."
Modi, who made an aerial survey of the affected areas of both north coastal Andhra and Odisha, also declared Rs. 2 lakh from Prime Minister's Relief Fund for families of each of those killed and Rs. 50,000 to every injured.
Naidu said, "Some people are selling essential items at high prices. It is not fair to try to exploit the situation. We have taken a decision to provide packages of food items in all cyclone-hit areas."
Naidu has been camping in the city since Monday to oversee rehabilitation efforts.
Meanwhile, the city’s two million residents have slowly started returning to normal life amid a trail of destruction all around left by the storm --  houses with collapsed walls or roofs blown away, roads littered with fallen trees, electric poles and traffic booths.
Train services resumed partially on the Visakhapatnam-Bhubaneshwar route but the crucial Vizag-Vijayawada route is yet to be restored. Both bus and mobile phone services improved.
(With agency inputs)

Shivam Autotech fixes record date for stock splitShivam Autotech fixes record date for stock split
Rana Kapoor commence on WPI inflationRana Kapoor commence on WPI inflation
Puravankara Projects: Appointment of DirectorPuravankara Projects: Appointment of Director
Finland supports India s candidacy for permanent UNSC seatFinland supports India s candidacy for permanent UNSC seat
India  Pakistan military officials discuss ceasefire violationsIndia  Pakistan military officials discuss ceasefire violations
PM visits VisakhapatnamPM visits Visakhapatnam
Equity mutual funds outperformed Nifty by 10% since 1997Equity mutual funds outperformed Nifty by 10% since 1997
Nobel Peace prize for Malala and Satyarthi binds India  PakistanNobel Peace prize for Malala and Satyarthi binds India, Pakistan
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 10, 2014
First Published: 14:43 IST(10/10/2014) | Last Updated: 21:04 IST(10/10/2014)
Comments
Child rights activists Malala Yousafzai of Pakistan and Kailash Satyarthi of India were awarded the Nobel Peace Prize on Friday, in what is being seen as a highly symbolic push to end a decades-old rivalry between the nuclear-armed nations that have been locked in a deadly standoff along their disputed border over the past week.
 
Little known in his own country, Satyarthi has been heading a more than three-decade long campaign for child rights, pushing for their education and fighting against child trafficking and bonded labour.
Pakistan's Malala Yousufzai and India's Kailash Satyarthi, who's a child rights activist, share the 2014 Nobel Peace prize.
“This award is recognition to all activists fighting against the exploitation of children and slavery,” said the 60-year-old activist, the second Indian to win a Nobel Peace prize after Mother Teresa who was given the award in 1979.
 
"I am thankful to Nobel committee for recognising the plight of millions of children who are suffering in this modern age. It is a huge honour for me."
 
Yousafzai, now 17, is a schoolgirl and education campaigner in Pakistan who was shot in the head by a Taliban gunman two years ago.
 
The Nobel jury said the prize was going to the two for “their struggle against the suppression of children and young people and for the right of all children to education."
Watch: India's Kailash Satyarthi, Pakistan's Malala Yousafzai declared Nobel Peace prize winners
 
Signalling a larger intent behind jointly awarding the prize, the Nobel Committee said it “regards it as an important point for a Hindu and a Muslim, an Indian and a Pakistani, to join in a common struggle for education and against extremism.”
 
The rivalry between India and Pakistan is among the world’s most intractable border disputes, one that is seen as a major source of for instability in South Asia. The two countries have fought three wars since their independence from Britain in 1947.
 
Over the past week, Indian and Pakistani troops have exchanged heavy fire across their Himalayan border in one of the worst escalation of violence in recent years that killed some 17 people on both sides. The firing is said to have stopped on Friday.
 
Oslo’s focus on South Asia was also signalled in a recent meeting of top Norwegian diplomats in Delhi that dwelled on the impact of Narendra Modi’s electoral win on the region, according to top Norwegian sources. 
 
While regional consultations among ambassadors are a regular diplomatic practice, such a meeting on South Asia days assumes significance given Oslo’s involvement in brokering peace in India’s neighbourhood – Sri Lanka and Nepal. 
 
Norway’s investments in India are around USD 10 billion; 90 Norwegian companies work in the country and in the first six months of 2014, the Norwegian embassy issued almost 10 percent more business visas for Indian citizens than in the preceding year.
 
Child labour
 
Pointing to child labour, however, is embarrassing for India, where millions of underage workers are employed as domestic help or made to work at stone quarries, embroidery units, mines, carpet-weaving factories and restaurants and hotels.
 
Satyarthi’s organisation, the New Delhi-based Bachpan Bachao Andolan, has been at the head of the fight against child labour, creating domestic and international consumer resistance to products made by bonded children as well as with direct legal and advocacy work.
 
Data from NOGs indicated that child labourers could number 60 million in India, or 6% of the total population.
 
The father-of-two, who is an electrical engineer by training, has rescued some 80,000 children sold to pay their parents' debts and helped them find new lives.
 
Last month, based on a complaint filed by his organisation in a Delhi court, the Indian government was forced to put in place regulations to protect domestic workers who are often physically and sexually abused and exploited.
 
With the prize, Yousafzai, 17, becomes the youngest Nobel Prize winner, eclipsing Australian-born British scientist Lawrence Bragg, who was 25 when he shared the Physics Prize with his father in 1915.
 
Yousafzai was attacked in 2012 on a school bus in the Swat Valley in northwest Pakistan by masked gunmen as a punishment for a blog that she started writing for the BBC's Urdu service as an 11-year-old to campaign against the Taliban's efforts to deny women an education.
 
Unable to return to Pakistan after her recovery, Yousafzai moved to Britain, setting up the Malala Fund and supporting local education advocacy groups with a focus on Pakistan, Nigeria, Jordan, Syria and Kenya.
 
In New Delhi, shortly after the announcement, joyous celebrations broke out at Satyarthi’s modest office in a southern neighbourhood. 
 
"This is not about simply poverty and rights of children. It is more than that. The fight has to continue,” Satyarthi told reporters.
 

Will Private Contractors Like Blackwater Join the Fight Against ISISThis article originally appeared in Business Insider .
Erik Prince, founder of the controversial security contractor Blackwater, recently claimed that for-hire ground troops were the missing element of the US-led campaign against jihadists in Iraq and Syria.  
Advertisement
"If the old Blackwater team were still together, I have high confidence that a multi-brigade-size unit of veteran American contractors or a multi-national force could be rapidly assembled and deployed to be that necessary ground combat team," Prince wrote on the website of Frontier Services Group , a security and logistics contractor where he is now the executive officer and chairman.  
"A competent professional force of volunteers would serve as the pointy end of the spear and would serve to strengthen friendly but skittish indigenous forces," he continued.
Prince's private expeditionary force may seem a bit far-fetched. Then again, one of Barack Obama's favored analogues for the situation in  Syraq  is Somalia, a place where the US pursued a "strategy of taking out terrorists who threaten us, while supporting partners on the front lines," as the president explained in his speech announcing US military action against ISIS. And in Somalia, security contractors are playing a fairly significant and hands-on role in stabilizing the country.
In terms of his larger point, Prince may be hinting at something that's inevitable. After all, in Somalia, private security contractors are one of those "partners on the front lines" that Obama referred to.
Here's a photo tweeted by George Mason University Horn of Africa scholar Tres Thomas of two employees from the US-based private security and investment company Bancroft Global Development operating with the Somali military:
Bancroft contractors pictured w/ #Somalia troops in operations against Shabaab in Middle Shabelle via @evolvingprimate pic.twitter.com/BD6KfOnaZz
— Tres (@tres_hoa) October 9, 2014
An African Union (AU) peacekeeping force and the national military have quietly made progress against Al Shabaab, an Al Qaeda affiliate, in Somali in recent weeks—earlier this month, Shabaab was expelled from Barawe , a coastal city and one of the last major population centers the group controlled.
But it's not as if Bancroft just showed up to provide the finishing touches on an already successful mission. 
This paragraph from a US Joint Special Operations University study demonstrates that the company played a significant role in shaping the AU force's strategy against Shabaab in the months after the group's blitz through the country in 2007 and 2008:
Bancroft was first approached by Ugandan leadership and invited to work with the [Ugandan military] contingent in Mogadishu in November 2007 ... The Ugandans were well aware that the Somalia campaign would take them into unknown military territory, especially with regards to the challenges of urban warfare. This is where they sought Bancroft’s expertise. After a few reconnaissance trips, Bancroft deployed an initial team of four advisers into Mogadishu in early 2008. Within four months, their team had expanded to 12. After being impressed with their work in the field, Burundi approached Bancroft in August 2008 to provide them with similar assistance.
"Bancroft Global Development's urban warfare training" proved vital to the peacekeepers' success in eventually kicking Shabaab out of the Somali capital of Mogadishu and most other major cities, the study states.
And while it adds that Bancroft scrupulously adhered to a UN embargo on small arms importation to Somalia, much of that ban was actually lifted in 2012, meaning that contractors could take on more traditional combat-advisory type activities—note that both of the purported Bancroft employees in the photo that Thomas tweeted are armed.
Bancroft has diversified within Somalia as well, anticipating a time when they could use their years of involvement in the country to pivot towards more peacetime-orientated activities.
As the Wall Street Journal reported in April of 2013, the company is developing a secured hotel and conference complex along a relatively quiet stretch of Mogadishu beachfront. The WSJ described the property as "a fortified compound sprawled across 11 acres of rocky white beach [offering] 212 rooms including $500-a-night villas, several dining rooms, coffee and snack shops, and a curving slate-colored pool where sun-seekers can loll away Somali afternoons."
Private security contractors are controversial. Opponents claim that these companies are effectively above the law in the countries where they're hired. They're sent to some of the most unstable places in the world, weak states where a private contractor's power and organizational capacity can outstrip that of the local government ( G4S's operations in South Sudan are a case in point). Private contractors have a mercenary character to them—they seem like hired guns, sent to foreign countries with little apparent oversight or consent. They can also covertly implement US policy in a way that strikes many as unaccountable.
At the same time, Bancroft's story demonstrates that a private-sector component to the anti-ISIS campaign could be inevitable, as these companies provide a level of expertise, funding, capability, and willingness that other potential on-the-ground actors simply don't have. They can take risks that a foreign government cannot, while also serving as a cats' paw for US policy—as the SOCOM study noted, the Burundian and Ugandan militaries paid Bancroft using money from a US bilateral assistance package, and the company was given an official US State Department contract in 2010.
Top Comment
Volunteers?  They might volunteer to fight ISIS but I'm pretty darn sure they're not working for free.   Mercenaries.  The second oldest profession.     More...
-Bonhomme Richard

The Nobel Economist Knew About Too Big to Fail 10 Years Before the Rest of UsThe laureate of the 2014 Nobel Prize in Economics has a swag flip phone.
Photo by Remy Gabalda/AFP/Getty Images
There’s something a bit ironic about the work of Jean Tirole, the French economist who won the Nobel Prize today for his influential research on how to regulate large and powerful corporations. Even in papers published decades ago, the subjects of his work feel ripped from today’s headlines—he was writing about the threat of too-big-to-fail banks and the hazards of bailouts all the way back in 1996 . Want to talk about how to prevent another financial crisis, deal with Comcast, or think about the meaning of a monopoly in the era of free Internet services such as Google and Facebook? Triole’s your man, and has been for a long time. Yet he’s not a name you’re likely to see all the time in the New York Times or Wall Street Journal.
“Many of his papers show ‘it’s complicated,’ rather than presenting easily summarizable, intuitive solutions which make for good blog posts,” economist Tyler Cowen wrote in a summary of Tirole’s work. “That is one reason why his ideas do not show up so often in blogs and the popular press, but they nonetheless have been extremely influential in the economics profession.”
Advertisement
And “it’s complicated” is hardly a bad message for the Nobel Committee to be sending. “In the 1980s, before Tirole published his first work, research into regulation was relatively sparse, mostly dealing with how the government can intervene and control pricing in the two extremes of monopoly and perfect competition,” the committee wrote in its announcement . The problem is that perfect competition and total monopolies for the most part only live in econ textbooks. Instead, many markets are often dominated by a small group of very large companies—or oligopolies. To get the picture, think about today’s increasingly concentrated airline, music, or beer industries. Or the smartphone wars between Apple and Samsung. Or your local cable market, which probably has no more than two (deeply unsatisfactory) providers.
Top Comment
We knew about too big to fail in 1929; that's why Glass-Steagall was put in place. And then we forgot.   More...
-Not-not-becky
Join In
In the 1980s, Tirole and his late colleague, Jean-Jacques Laffont, started using game theory and other rigorous mathematical approaches to begin modeling these oligopolistic markets, and figuring out how regulators ought to deal with them to serve the consumer’s best interest. The answers tended to change according to the industry. This was a rebuff to the old idea that regulators should apply a few simple rules that applied broadly across the entire economy. Many of his ideas have been picked up by governments, but not all. As Joshua Gans wrote today at Digitopoly, “Want to know why there is so little competition in telecommunications and broadband service in the US? go open one of Tirole’s books; it is time you listened.”
As the Nobel Committee put it, “The best regulation or competition policy should therefore be carefully adapted to every industry’s specific conditions.” Another way to frame it: It’s not about light regulation, or heavy regulation, but smart regulation. Which is complicated.
Jordan Weissmann is Slate's senior business and economics correspondent.

Billy Eichner vs Burger King: That s My Bit!Email
Billy Eichner is flame-broiling Burger King.
The comedian is lighting up Twitter with claims that the fast food chain ripped off his "Billy on the Street" act in its new ad.
Video: Burger King is under fire for an ad that looks a lot like Billy Eichner’s comedy show “Billy on the Street.” Eichner has accused the fast-food chain of ripping off his routine. NBC’s Joe Fryer reports, and Carson Daly gauges the social media reaction from the Orange Room.
Both his TV show and the commercial feature a man aggressively interviewing people on the street. In Billy's show, he thrusts his mic into pedestrians faces and gives on the-spot pop culture quizzes like "Miley Cyrus—then or now?" and "Who would you rather have dinner with? Michelle Obama or Oprah?"
In the Burger King ad, the actor—who sorta looks like Billy if you don't put your glasses on—is shown holding a microphone and a box of nuggets. He asks two teenagers on the street "How much do you think these chicken nuggets are?" After they guess "five dollars" he says the real price and squawks. They squawk back at him. Cue nugget close-ups and price and availability information.
Burger King
"Billy on the Street" star Billy Eichner says this new Burger King ad looks too similar to his own show for comfort.
Imitation may be flattery, but at least when it comes to celebrities it can also be theft. In 1988 after Bette Midler refused to sing for Ford in one of their commercials, the car maker's ad agency hired a sound-a-like singer to impersonate Midler. She sued and a Court of Appeals decision made it illegal to imitate a widely-known singer's voice to sell a product without express consent.
This particular case is still in the court of public opinion. So, inspiration, coincidence or ripoff? You be the judge. Mashable published a side-by-side mashup of the ad and some similar moments from Billy's show.
But Billy and some on his side say they're already convinced they know the answer. After the spot aired last night, Billy's fans began pointing out to him the similarities between the ad and his bit. 
Billy took to Twitter to denounce the ad and encouraged his fans to rise up against the Burger King and send them negative tweets.
Other comedians also chimed in on Billy's behalf.
So far, Burger King hasn't responded on social media or to requests for comment. But after Billy gave McDonald's props, the Twitter account for the golden arches jumped in the mix.
It's a real burger war now.
Email Ben Popken at ben.popken@nbcuni.com or follow him on Twitter @bpopken .
Tags:

Who is living where No one knows how many Chinese live in EuropeAbout this blog
Blog guide
Welcome. FT data is a collaborative effort from journalists across the FT working in data journalism, statistics and data visualisation.
We aim to look at statistical issues in depth and provide original analysis of data. Occasionally we’ll also post guest contributions. Get in touch at ftdata@ft.com

Why Chinese migrants do so well in Spain|
ABOUT THIS PODCAST
A weekly audio version of the best of the FT's Big Reads, featuring in-depth reporting from FT correspondents around the world. Listen to longform stories that explore and explain key themes in world news, science and business, and discussions with FT reporters. The FT Big Read podcast is produced by Esther Bintliff

Nestle and Mars join Ebola fightMakers of KitKat and MilkyWay join Ebola fight
By Ben Rooney   @ben_rooney October 14, 2014: 11:16 AM ET
Health workers in Liberia dress in protective clothing before taking the body of an Ebola victim.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
The world's largest chocolate companies are joining the fight against Ebola.
West Africa is where most of the world's cocoa beans are grown and the companies are concerned that the virus could disrupt supply of the raw material for chocolate. Already, wholesale cocoa prices have been soaring in recent weeks.
Nestlé, Hershey and Mars say they have already responded to a call from the World Cocoa Foundation, a non-profit that helps small cocoa farmers. The group plans to disclose Wednesday how much it has raised. Others in the group include Hershey ( HSY ), Godiva, Ghirardelli, General Mills ( GIS ) and Mondelez International ( MDLZ ).
Donations will go to the International Federation of Red Cross, the Red Crescent Societies, and Caritas, a charity affiliated with the Catholic Church.
Nestlé, the Swiss company that makes KitKat, Butterfinger and Crunch said it is "deeply concerned" about the spread of Ebola in West Africa, where many of its 6,300 African employees are based.
 
Ebola crisis: World Bank pledges $400M
Mars Chocolate -- maker of MilkyWay, Twix and M&Ms -- said it was "happy to support" the initiative.
West Africa produces 70% of the world's cocoa supply. The largest cocoa producer in the world is the Ivory Coast, which has so far avoided contamination. But there is concern that migrant workers may not be allowed into the country to help with this year's harvest. The Ivory Coast, also called Côte D'Ivoire, closed off its borders with Guinea and Liberia in August.
Related: Airlines cancel flights over Ebola fears
More than 4,000 people have died from Ebola in Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone, according to the latest figures from the World Health Organization. If it is not contained, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimates there could be hundreds of thousands of Ebola cases in coming months.
Related: Where your donation dollars go
The United States and other governments have pledged tens of millions of dollars to pay for everything from medicine and protective clothing for aid workers to safe burials for the deceased. Last month, the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation announced Wednesday it will donate $50 million to help fight the Ebola outbreak.
 
Melinda Gates on Ebola: 'Vast inequities'
First Published: October 13, 2014: 5:31 PM ET
Most Popular

JPMorgan returns to profitabilityJPMorgan trims legal costs, returns to profit
By Chris Isidore and Jesse Solomon   @CNNMoneyInvest October 14, 2014: 12:09 PM ET
 
Bank earnings: Good but not great
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
JPMorgan Chase is back to doing what it does best: making money.
The nation's largest bank by assets bank reported a $5.6 billion profit in the three months that ended in September. It's notable considering the bank has been dogged in recent months by a cyber attack on its accounts, a CEO undergoing cancer treatment and ongoing legal costs related to the financial crisis.
This time last year the bank reported a rare loss due to $9.3 billion it set aside for legal expenses at that time. JPMorgan ( JPM ) eventually finalized a $13 billion settlement for selling mortgages ahead of the financial crisis.
Related: Elizabeth Warren wants to probe if Fed is too close to big banks
Despite the better news this autumn, the bank's earnings came in slightly below Wall Street forecasts and shares of JPMorgan fell 1% in morning trading.
The bank's earnings were posted on a website hours before they were meant to be released. A JPMorgan spokesman blamed shareholder.com, a third-party vendor that posts earnings to the site, for the snafu.
"While challenges remain in the global economic recovery, the U.S. economy is an exception, showing signs of steady improvement," said Chairman and CEO Jamie Dimon in the earnings release. "Corporate America is in good shape with strong balance sheets and employment trends continue to be positive."
Jamie Dimon is full steam ahead: Dimon himself has been a key focus on the bank's shareholders. He underwent treatment for throat cancer this summer, and just last week he made his first public appearance since finishing his regime.
" I never stopped working, though I did take care of myself, get a lot of rest," Dimon said on a conference call with media Tuesday. " I'm starting to build back my schedule. But I feel good and I'm happy the treatments are over."
Related: Want a job on Wall Street? Go to UPenn or Georgetown
Some bright spots in JPMorgan's earnings may have more to do with Main Street than Wall Street. Deposits in its Consumer and Business Banking division rose 9%, and credit card sales volume jumped 12%.
Mortgage originations jumped 26% from last quarter, a sign that the housing market remained hot this summer despite concerns that it's cooling off.
Revenue from investment banking fees, derived from such activities as advising on mergers and acquisitions and helping take companies public, ticked up slightly last quarter.
Cyber attack fears: In a call with Wall Street analysts, the JPMorgan's management acknowledged concerns about the bank's cyber attack this summer, in which 76 million customers were hacked. They reiterated that hackers didn't get any account information such as account numbers, user IDs, dates of birth or Social Security numbers, and that they haven't seen "elevated levels fraud related to this matter."
Still, Dimon was rather blunt about the challenges of keeping the nation's financial institutions safe.
"This is a huge effort, we've been good at it until this recent breach, which we're not going to make excuses for," he said. "But it's going to be a battle...we don't want to sit here and say you're absolutely going to be protected, because that would be a false sense of security.
First Published: October 14, 2014: 7:08 AM ET
Most Popular

10 000 new Ebola cases per week could be seen in 2 months: WHOEbola infection rate could reach 10,000 a week
AFP
The World Health Organization (WHO) said on Tuesday the Ebola infection rate could soon reach 10,000 a week as world leaders prepared to hold talks on the crisis at the United Nations.
   
WHO assistant director general Bruce Aylward, describing his figures as a working forecast, said the epidemic "could reach 5,000 to 10,000 cases per week by the first week of December".
Spanish medics Marta Arsuaga Vicente (L), Fernando de la Calle and Maria del Mar Lago (R), who are treating Ebola-infected Spanish nurse Teresa Romero, chat in a corridor of Carlos III Hospital in Madrid. (AFP Photo)
The latest death toll is 4,447, from 8,914 recorded cases of infection, Aylward said as the epidemic spirals in the three hardest-hit west African countries of Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea.
   
While the figures suggest a survival rate of 50%, they mask the true picture, Aylward said, adding: "What we're finding is 70% mortality" in all three countries.
   
The United Nations was due to hold talks later Tuesday on a public health crisis that the WHO has called the "most severe in modern times".
   
On Monday, US President Barack Obama and UN secretary general Ban Ki-moon called for the international campaign against the haemorrhagic virus to be intensified.
   
Meanwhile, a 56-year-old Sudanese doctor who had worked as a UN volunteer in Liberia died of Ebola on Monday night after arriving in Germany last week for treatment.
   
'No one taking care of us'
   
In Liberia, doctors and nurses pressed on with a strike demanding danger money to treat Ebola patients as the government threatened to fire them.
   
"Those who stay home... will be replaced and will never come back to work," health minister Walter Gwenigale said on state radio.
   
Ninety-five Liberian health workers have died so far in the epidemic, and their surviving colleagues want pay commensurate with the acute risk of dealing with Ebola, which spreads through contact with bodily fluids and for which there is no vaccine or widely available treatment.
   
In the face of the strike, the local office of the WHO said it was "very concerned for the safety and well-being of the Ebola patients, and urges the health workers to continue with their work".
   
In the capital Monrovia, a hospital patient quoted on local radio described scenes of desolation, with the sick deserted by striking staffers.
The unnamed man said patients who could still walk were climbing over the fence to escape from the treatment unit.
   
At least two cases of contamination have been reported beyond west Africa, in the United States and Europe.
   
Read: India ramps up Ebola screening at airports
   
In Dallas, a nurse who tested positive after caring for a Liberian Ebola patient -- who died last Wednesday -- is in isolation and said to be in stable condition.
   
A Spanish nurse, Teresa Romero, 44, is thought to have caught Ebola while treating an elderly missionary who was infected in Sierra Leone and died on September 25.
   
A doctor at the specialist tropical disease hospital Carlos III in Madrid told reporters: "Statistics show that usually the disease is most deadly up to the 13th or 14th day. Now it is one day after that, so that is good."
   
$25mn for 'heroic work'
   
Facebook co-founder Mark Zuckerberg on Tuesday announced a $25 million donation to the US Centers for Disease Control Foundation to help US efforts to contain the epidemic.
   
"Grants like this directly help the frontline responders in their heroic work," Zuckerberg said on his Facebook page.
   
British troops began loading a ship that will set sail for Sierra Leone later this week to help in efforts to contain the outbreak.
   
The civilian-staffed military ship will travel with three helicopters, air crews and engineers to provide transport and support to medical teams and aid workers.
   
Measures have been introduced in the United States, Canada and Britain to screen for possible Ebola infections among passengers arriving at airports from African countries hit by the virus.
   
Asian aviation hub Singapore said it would also step up Ebola screening for passengers arriving at Changi Airport.
   
The UN nuclear agency said it would send specialised equipment to the west African countries hit by the Ebola outbreak to help faster diagnosis.
   
The machine uses the so-called Reverse Transcriptase Polymerase Chain Reaction technology that allows the Ebola virus "to be detected within a few hours, while other methods require growing on a cell culture for several days before a diagnosis is determined", the IAEA said.
   
"Early diagnosis... if combined with appropriate medical care, increases the victims' chance of survival and helps curtail the spread of the disease by making it possible to isolate and treat the patients earlier," it said in a statement.

Citi says goodbye to 11 countriesCitigroup says goodbye to 11 countries
By Matt Egan   @mattmegan5 October 14, 2014: 12:10 PM ET
 
Bank earnings: Good but not great
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Citigroup, the U.S. bank with the broadest global reach, isn't so keen on globalization these days. It's pulling out of 11 countries.
The global retreat is occurring in Citi's ( C ) consumer banking division and impacts the Czech Republic, Egypt and Japan. The moves are aimed at narrowing the bank's focus to the markets where it has a competitive advantage.
Citi did not announce plans to scale back its significant presence in Russia despite recent tensions between the U.S. and Moscow.
"I am committed to simplifying our company and allocating our finite resources to where we can generate the best returns for our shareholders," Citi CEO Michael Corbat said in a statement.
Related: JPMorgan trims legal costs, returns to profit
Citi said its consumer banking division will still serve nearly 57 million clients in 24 markets that capture 95% of its existing revenue base.
The bank expects to complete its global slim down by the end of 2015, subject to market conditions and regulatory approvals.
The other markets impacted by the move are Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guam, Guatemala, Hungary, Nicaragua, Panama, Peru and the consumer finance business in Korea. Citi previously shut down its operations in Greece, Spain and Turkey.
Citi's decision to narrow its global footprint is a positive, but the bank needs to reveal more details about how it could reinvest in strategic growth areas, analysts at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods wrote in a note.
Related: Extreme fear grips the stock market
Not so sunny Mexico: Citi also revealed plans to pull the plug on a division of its Banamex unit in Mexico that provided personal security services.
The company said an independent investigation uncovered illegal conduct, including fraud in the range of $15 million, the "unauthorized providing of security services to outside parties" as well as the "use of intercepted telecommunications."
It's not clear what communications were intercepted and New York-based Citi declined to provide further comment. Citi did say that it is working with authorities in the U.S. and Mexico to hold the individuals who have conducted the illegal activities accountable.
"While the fraud is not financially material, the conduct of the individuals involved is appalling," Corbat said.
Related: Abigail Johnson becomes Fidelity CEO
Trading revenue bounces: Citi's shares ticked about 2% higher on Tuesday after reporting third-quarter numbers that surpassed Wall Street's expectations.
Profits increased and revenue jumped 9% to $19.6 billion, driven in part by a steady increase in trading revenue, especially on the equity side.
Citi also benefited from increased IPO and merger activity. Investment banking revenue jumped 32% thanks to a 90% surge in advisory revenue and a 51% rise in equity underwriting revenue.
First Published: October 14, 2014: 9:30 AM ET
Most Popular

No  pink slime  here  says McDonald sNo 'pink slime' here - McDonald's defends its food
By Aaron Smith   @AaronSmithCNN October 14, 2014: 11:12 AM ET
 
McDonald's: No more 'pink slime'
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
McDonald's is getting the word out: There is no "pink slime" in its McNuggets or hamburgers. And, yes, its food does rot - and that's a good thing.
As part of a new campaign, McDonald's ( MCD ) is asking, and answering, the challenging questions posed by its detractors.
McDonald's has launched a campaign called "Our food. Your questions." With the help of social media , the company wants to put to rest the "myth" about its food and convince consumers that it is, in fact, nutritious.
McDonald's is also inviting customers to ask food questions on Twitter ( TWTR , Tech30 ).
On its website, McDonald's displays a "pink slime" image of a viscous tubular substance, coiled up like a snake. "This is not a McDonald's image and it's not in any of our food," reads the statement over the picture.
"The chicken is ground with a bit of chicken skin and a flavorful marinade is added," says McDonald's.
McDonald's also insists that there is no "pink slime" in the burger, and that the patties are "100% pure beef." It says it stopped using the controversial product , from Beef Products Inc., in 2011.
Related: 'Pink slime' is back and headed for your burger
One of the questions -- "Why doesn't your food rot?" -- seems to directly address an experiment conducted by CNN's Morgan Spurlock in his 2004 documentary "Super Size Me." In the film, Spurlock places different McDonald's products in jars and observes them over time.
"Big Mac, still, looks like we just bought that thing," says Spurlock, three weeks into the experiment. After another couple of weeks, the sandwiches finally succumbed to the ravages of time. Though after 10 weeks, the McDonald's fries do not appear to have decomposed.
No worries. McDonald's insists that its food can, in fact, rot.
"You might have seen experiments which seem to show no decomposition in our food," explained McDonald's. "Most likely, this is because the food has dehydrated before any visible deterioration could occur."
McDonald's answers another question that has surely been weighing on the minds of many: Does the McRib use the same plastic that's in yoga mats?
The answer? Yes!
The company says that a chemical called azodicarbonamide, or ADA, is baked into the McRib rolls to keep the texture consistent. ADA is also used in non-food products such as yoga mats, says McDonald's. But the company emphatically denied that the McRib contains plastic.
"Think of salt: the salt you use in your food at home is a variation of the salt you may use to de-ice your sidewalk," said McDonald's. "The same is true of ADA - it can be used in different ways."
First Published: October 14, 2014: 7:31 AM ET
Most Popular

Sterling Holiday Resorts Q2 total operating income up 48%Sterling Holiday Resorts Q2 total operating income up 48%
Sept trade deficit rises on surge in gold importsSept trade deficit rises on surge in gold imports
DLF s position in Nifty index under questionDLF's position in Nifty index under question
BS Reporter | Mumbai Oct 14, 2014 10:22 PM IST
Sebi’s three-year ban has put at risk DLF’s position in the benchmark NSE Nifty index.  Proxy advisory and corporate governance firm Institutional Investor Advisory Services (IiAS) has said the Sebi order on the real estate major has raised a question mark on whether DLF should continue as a frontline index stock.
At present, DLF is the only company representing the real estate sector in the 50-share Nifty index. Exchange-traded funds (ETFs) and other passive investment products tracking the Nifty index have to take exposure to all the components of the index. Nifty is the most-traded benchmark index for the Indian market.
“Being part of the CNX Nifty, DLF attracts several equity retail and institutional shareholders. Index funds will also be required to hold the stock in the almost the same measure as its weight in the index. But, with the recent Sebi order, markets must question whether it should remain a constituent of a principal index,” says IiAS.  Expulsion from the Nifty index could lead to further selling in the stock by passive funds.

DLF records sharpest single day fall on Sebi ban; stock hit lifetime lowDLF records sharpest single day fall on Sebi ban; stock hit lifetime low
SI Reporter | Mumbai Oct 14, 2014 03:05 PM IST
Shares of real estate major DLF recorded the sharpest single day fall since the company's listing on the bourses on July 2007, after the market regulator,  Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi), barred real estate major and six of its top executives, including Chairman K P Singh, from accessing the capital market for three years.
The stock tanked as much as 30% to Rs 103, also its record low on the National Stock Exchange (NSE).
At 1505 hours, a total of 90.87 million shares representing 20% of total free-float of equity changed hands on the NSE and BSE.
Earlier, on October 24, 2008, the stock plunged 24% after the benchmark sensitive index CNX Nifty plunged 12% in single day.
Sebi on Monday barred DLF and promoters from participating in the securities market for 3 years on the grounds that the company failed to reveal material information in its 2007 listing prospectus.
“While DLF can appeal this order, we believe this along with other recent adverse regulatory rulings and weak demand environment does not augur well for DLF. While valuations appear cheap (0.9x FY16E book), we maintain EW rating and reduce our price target to Rs 159 due to macro and regulatory headwinds,” says analyst at Barclays India.
 

Markets trading flat; HDFC and ITC down over 1%Markets trading flat; HDFC and ITC down over 1%
SI Reporter | Mumbai Oct 14, 2014 02:47 PM IST
Benchmark indices continue to remain flat with a positive bias with gains in Axis Bank and SBI helped offset losses in ITC and HDFC Group shares.
At 2.30 PM Sensex is trading at 26,418  with a gain of 34  points and Nifty is flat at 7,833.
In the broader market, both BSE Mid Cap and Small Cap indices have outperformed the benchmark indices with gains of around 0.3% each.
 
The market breadth is marginally weak with 1457 declines against 1337 advances on the BSE.
Meanwhile, WPI inflation has come around 2.38% for the month of September compared to 3.74% in August, lowest in 33 months.  With better than expected figures on retail inflation too, analysts expect RBI to be able to meet its 2016 target of 6% of retail inflation by mid-2015 itself and adopt a dovish stance on policy rates soon.
On the back of low retail inflation the rupee had hit a high of 60.90 in early trades against US Dollar, its highest since September 23,  2014. However, it later reversed direction and is currently trading at 61.22 against US Dollar.
 
Global Markets
NIkkei declined sharply by 2.4% on global growth concerns and a strong Yen while Chinese stocks recovered slightly  with mainland investors heartened by easier money conditions and  Hong Kong gained after a crackdown on protestors.
Paring early gains both Shanghai and Hang Seng indices are trading with loss of 0.2% and 0.4% respectively.
Global markets continue to struggle on account of weak data from Japan and Europe plus lingering growth concerns about China. Continued fall in global crude prices has further dampened investor sentiments. The crude prices will see further decline as OPEC countries have refused to cut-down output despite excessive supply in the international market and weak demand from Europe and China.
European markets have opened weak with FTSE 100, DAX and CAC 40 losing in the range of 0.3% to 0.5%.
Sectors and Stocks
BSE Bankex, Power and Metal indices are the major sectorial gainers with advances around 1%. Other gainers are BSE Capital Goods and Health Care indices with advances around 0.5%.
Positive inflation data has uplifted certain rate sensitive stocks such as SBI and Axis Bank which gained 2-3 each while  ICICI Bank firmed up 0.4%.
Reliance Industries was up nearly 1% after it beat analysts’ expectations during the July-September quarter, with its profit increasing 1.7 per cent over the year-ago period. At Rs 5,972 crore, however, its net profit was 1.7 per cent higher than Rs 5,873 crore in the same period last year.
Among the defensive stocks, HUL is trading with a gain around 2%.
Baja Auto has gained more than 2% after the stock was upgraded to ‘buy’ by Bank of America-Merrill Lynch citing higher volume and average selling prices, and increased contribution from dirt-bike making affiliate KTM.
Shares of Tata Steel rebounded In late noon trade and have posted gains around 0.5%. Tata Steel has reported sales of 2.11 million tonnes in India for the quarter ended September 30, 2014 against 2.04 million tonnes of sales in the same period previous fiscal.
BHEL continues to surge after the company recently bagged a contract worth 7,800 crores from Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Corporation Ltd (TANGEDCO) for a 1320 mega watt (MW) plant near Chennai.
Coal India has also recovered and is currently gaining around 1%. On Monday, its stocks were upgraded by HSBC to "overweight" from "neutral.”Coal India will be the main beneficiary of India's increased focus on domestic coal production, HSBC said in a note.
Pharma majors are trading with marginal gains. Cipla has gained around 1%, Sun Pharma 0.3% while Dr Reddys Lab is flat.
Among major declines, cigarette maker and Index heavyweight ITC has lost 1.5% on concerns regarding weaker sales and profits from the cigarette division and HDFC Group shares have declined up to 1.2%
.
Profit booking has kept IT stocks subdued with TCS losing as much as 0.8% while Infosys and Wipro have lost around 0.2%.
Sesa Sterlite pared losses and is currently down around 1%. Earlier the stock fell as much as 12.4% on the Supreme Court reiterating a prior ruling that all iron ore mined in Goa before 2007 belonged to the State.
Among other shares, DLF has slumped around 26% to Rs 114 after SEBI barred the real estate major and six of its top executives, including Chairman K P Singh, from accessing the capital market for three years.
Sintex Industries extended gains from yesterday with a 4.5% uptick on the back of robust second quarter earnings in early morning trades. Its stocks later pared gains and are currently trading with a loss of 0.5%.
United Phosphorus Limited (UPL) has gained around 5% on BSE after RBI allowed foreign investors to hold up to 74% in paid up capital in the company under Portfolio Investment Scheme (PIS) as the prescribed limit has gone below threshold.
SpiceJet surged in today's trade with gains of over 6%  as the budget carrier’s operating performance improved with higher revenue per seat amid reduced capacity.
Dion Global solutions gained around 5% on BSE during early morning trades after the company announced the launch of a new module within its NOVA suite to support the Shanghai - Hong Kong Stock Connect scheme. Later the stocks pared gains and are currently trading with a gain of 0.7%.
 
IL&FS Engineering and Construction Company has gained around 16%  after the company said it has won a Rs
1,232 crore order from National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) for widening the 127 km Patna-Gaya-Dobhi
section of NH 83 in Bihar.
 

Rupee falls 31 paise to one-week low of 61.41Rupee falls 31 paise to one-week low of 61.41
Press Trust of India | Mumbai Oct 14, 2014 05:44 PM IST
Tracking equity markets, the Indian rupee today wiped out initial gains and ended 31 paise down at a one-week low of 61.41 against the greenback on fresh dollar demand from banks and importers.
Persistent foreign capital outflows also affected the rupee sentiment, forex dealers said.
The rupee opened higher at 60.94 per dollar as against the last closing level of 61.10 per dollar at the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) Market on initial selling of dollars by banks following overnight losses in the New York market.
However, the rupee washed out initial gains and ended lower at 61.41 per dollar on heavy dollar demand from importers in view of a firm dollar overseas, registering a loss of 31 paise or 0.51 per cent.
Intra-day, it moved in a range of 60.93 per dollar and 61.46 per dollar. Today's closing of 61.41 is the lowest since 61.43 on October 7.
"Supported by lower CPI and WPI data for September the rupee started the Tuesday session strongly...Demand for dollars from defence companies and importers weakened the Rupee. The fall was arrested on reports of RBI selling dollars in the spot market. Caution remained ahead of elections in Maharashtra state on Wednesday," said Suresh Nair, Director, Admisi Forex.
In London market today, the dollar recovered its footing in Europe after falling to its lowest in a month against the yen amid deepening worries over global growth and a sell-off in equities.
Meanwhile, the Indian stock benchmark Sensex ended lower by 34.74 points, or 0.13 per cent, to end at 26,349.33.
Forex and money markets will remain closed tomorrow on the account of voting for single-phase Assembly Elections in Maharashtra.

Share & Asmitha submit business reorganiation plan to bankersShare & Asmitha submit business reorganiation plan to bankers
Namrata Acharya | Kolkata Oct 14, 2014 05:16 PM IST
Andhra Pradesh-based, microfinance institutions, Share and Asmitha, have chalked out a reorganisation plan for their businesses.
Both the MFIs, currently under the corporate debt restructuring (CDR) cell, have submitted the plans to their bankers for approval. Under the plan, the non-Andhra Pradesh portfolio of both the MFIs is expected to be demerged, and consolidated into one. The Andhra Pradesh portfolio of the two would be retained for recovery of dues in the state, but the arms would not be involved in any lending activity.
The two MFIs have been able to get two years' additional time from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) for meeting regulatory capital requirements for qualifying as non-banking finance company (NBFC)-MFIs.
This apart, the existing lenders to the MFI have agreed to provide Share an additional funding of Rs 360 crore, and Rs 270 crore to Asmitha.
In April-2014, the MFIs got RBI nod for forbearance on capitalisation requirements of net owned funds and capital to risk asset ratio (CRAR) till financial year 2016.
After loan restructuring for the first time in September 2011, the MFIs had sought approval for a second round of debt restructuring. The plea was rejected by the RBI. The fresh lending by banks and the RBI forbearance comes as an alternative to the second debt restructuring plans.
According to RBI norms, an NBFC-MFI is required to maintain minimum net owned funds of Rs 5 crore, except for those based in the North East, and a CRAR of 15%. For most of the MFIs in Andhra Pradesh, the net owned funds is negative, at present.
At present, both the MFIs have nearly 60% of their total portfolio concentrated in Andhra Pradesh. While Share has a portfolio outstanding of nearly Rs 1,800 crore, Asmitha has a portfolio outstanding of Rs 900 crore.
In 2011, banks restructured about Rs.6,000 crore worth of loans to several Andhra Pradesh-based MFIs, while continuing to treat it as standard assets repayable over seven years.
For Share and Asmitha, the loans have to be repaid in two years at 13% rate of interest, informed the spokesperson of Share.

Rupee falls from 3-week highRupee falls from 3-week high
Reuters | Mumbai Oct 14, 2014 01:12 PM IST
The rupee reversed its direction to trade at 61.17/18 versus Monday's close of 61.0950/1050.
 
The Indian unit had earlier hit 60.90, its highest level since September 23.
 
Traders expect USD/INR to move in a range of 60.90 to 61.30.
 
The Nifty is trading 0.4% lower, while the Sensex is down 0.3%.
 
The dollar rebounded modestly against yen and euro following steep falls overnight.
 
September WPI inflation hit a near five-year low of 2.38%.
 

Telcos will need security nods to secure licencesTelcos will need security nods to secure licences
BS Reporter | New Delhi Oct 15, 2014 12:42 AM IST
Foreign telecom companies and their directors will have to secure security clearances before getting operating permits from the Department of Telecommunications (DoT), the home ministry has said. The norms will be applicable to new ventures alone.
Currently, foreign telecom companies don’t require security clearances for entering India with equity holding of up to 49 per cent. For stakes exceeding 49 per cent, proposals are vetted by the home ministry, before being cleared by the Foreign Investment Promotion Board.
Henceforth, key executives such as chairpersons, managing directors and chief finance officers of foreign telecom companies will also have to secure security clearances, before a licence is issued. Though the clearance will be co-terminus with the licence, the government can revoke it if the situation warrants.
The ministry has suggested security clearances for the foreign personnel be made valid for a period of five years, against a year as of now. Clearances for foreign personnel deployed for installation, operation and maintenance of the licensee’s network will also be required.
Existing foreign telecom operators who have stakes in Indian ventures, such as Vodafone, Sistema, Telenor, Axiata and Singtel, won’t be affected. Equipment vendors such as Ericsson, NSN, Huawei, ZTE, Cisco and Juniper, will also remain unaffected.
In July 2013, the government had said for strategic sectors such as telecom, executives who had worked in Pakistan wouldn’t be permitted to work in India.

One-offs take the sheen of Bajaj Auto s Q2One-offs take sheen off Bajaj Auto's Q2
Ram Prasad Sahu | Mumbai Oct 14, 2014 09:35 PM IST
Bajaj Auto's September quarter results were a tad lower than expectations. Compared with Bloomberg consensus profit estimate of Rs 866 crore, the adjusted net profit stood at Rs 853 crore. Reported net profit was at Rs 591 crore, down 29 per cent year-on-year (y-o-y), largely due to the Rs 340 crore levy, including interest and penalties on account of the National Calamity Contingent Duty. The company, unlike its peers like Hero MotoCorp which has been paying this since 2011, had not provided for the same and thus will be liable to pay the duty for seven and half years starting April 2007. The recurring charge on this account will be about Rs 3 crore a month.
The positive takeaway from the result has been the top line performance and realisations. Aided by higher volumes and improving product mix, sales increased 15 per cent y-o-y. Higher exports, three-wheelers as well as Discover sales aided realisations, which were up about five per cent over the year-ago quarter and 6.3 per cent on a sequential basis. Three-wheeler sales (up 40 per cent y-o-y) as a percentage of overall volumes have increased to 14.8 per cent in the September quarter, from 11.7 per cent a year ago. Exports, too, have been strong growing 29 per cent y-o-y and now contribute about 49 per cent to the overall volumes. The June number was 45 per cent.  
Volumes were up 10 per cent y-o-y, crossing the one-million mark after a gap of six quarters. Analysts have pegged the number close to the 1.3 million in the December quarter, as the company benefits from the higher festival sales.
The company reported margins of 20.8 per cent adjusted for mark-to-market forex loss of Rs 67 crore and corporate social responsibility contribution of Rs 21.7 crore. Adjusted margins are broadly in line with analyst estimates.
The worry continues to be on the domestic front, as the company has been losing share to its competitors. As three-wheeler volumes are expected to be strong, analysts expect domestic volumes to be flat or slightly lower y-o-y this year. The muted growth of its premium bikes and the delayed launch of Discover 150 by a month or so could peg back FY15 volumes.
Domestic sales volumes have seen a muted trend through the past two financial years, with FY13 posting a two per cent decline, and FY14 showing 2.4 per cent growth.

When the cartel bursts  Brent editionRemember me on this computer
Sign in
"Remember me" uses a cookie. View our Cookie Policy .
Search

After the storm: Food riots in Vizag  Modi announces Rs 1 000 cr for Hudhud-hit AndhraFood riots broke in the port city of Visakhapatnam on Tuesday as hundreds of people looted relief trucks in a scramble for drinking water, milk, vegetables and petrol following massive shortages two days after a cyclone battered the eastern coast.
 
People fled with enormous sacks of food grain and police used batons to disperse the crowd as Andhra Pradesh’s biggest city struggled to pick up the pieces after Cyclone Hudhud, which killed 22 people in three north coastal districts.
A picture of the swathe of destruction caused by cyclone Hudhud in Vizag. (Arun Sharma/ HT Photo)
The cyclone has damaged several sub-stations and uprooted thousands of electricity poles, making it next to impossible for officials to restore power. Tuesday was the fourth consecutive day in Visakhapatnam – known popularly as Vizag -- without power.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who visited the storm-hit city, announced a Rs. 1,000-crore relief package for Andhra Pradesh, where thousands of people were forced to leave their homes.
“For people of Visakhapatnam, please give drinking water and other essential commodities. I have not seen such a terrible situation in my life,” a resident pleaded with folded hands as people mobbed relief officials and ransacked supplies.
 
Women with children in their arms searched for milk and serpentine queues were seen outside petrol stations in Vizag which bore the brunt of the cyclone’s fury.
 
Prices of essential commodities leapt because of the shortages. “Drinking water and milk costing Rs. 20 each are being sold for Rs. 50 as black-marketeers are having a field day,” said another angry resident.
 
Long queues were seen at fuel stations for the second straight day, despite government assurances that there was enough fuel to last a fortnight. Many had to wait in line for the better part of the day to get fuel, procured at erratic prices. While Lattu Chanti, an auto driver, got diesel at Rs. 64 per litre, ME Krishna, a railway employee, had to pay Rs. 100 per litre for petrol.
Hundreds lined up outside ATMs too, since cash hadn’t been filled up at several centres with the bank network down. Only a few branches were providing partial services.
The famous King George Hospital is also in shambles with authorities forced to discharge patients lodged in wards damaged by Hudhud. 
 
The cyclone hit near the city on Sunday with heavy rains and wind speeds of 185 kilometres per hour.
 
Chief minister N Chandrababu Naidu urged the Centre to treat the devastation caused by the storm as a “national calamity”. “We will rebuild this city and the confidence of its people,” he said.
Watch: Hudhud leaves Andhra, Odisha in tatters
After visiting parts of the worst-affected port city and a review meeting with Naidu and top officials, Modi told reporters at Vishakapatnam, "The Centre is fully with the people of Andhra pradesh. Both governments are working hand in hand."
Modi, who made an aerial survey of the affected areas of both north coastal Andhra and Odisha, also declared Rs. 2 lakh from Prime Minister's Relief Fund for families of each of those killed and Rs. 50,000 to every injured.
Naidu said, "Some people are selling essential items at high prices. It is not fair to try to exploit the situation. We have taken a decision to provide packages of food items in all cyclone-hit areas."
Naidu has been camping in the city since Monday to oversee rehabilitation efforts.
Meanwhile, the city’s two million residents have slowly started returning to normal life amid a trail of destruction all around left by the storm --  houses with collapsed walls or roofs blown away, roads littered with fallen trees, electric poles and traffic booths.
Train services resumed partially on the Visakhapatnam-Bhubaneshwar route but the crucial Vizag-Vijayawada route is yet to be restored. Both bus and mobile phone services improved.
(With agency inputs)

Facebook  Apple pay to freeze employees  eggsFacebook, Apple pay to freeze employees' eggs
By Ben Rooney   @ben_rooney October 14, 2014: 4:50 PM ET
 
Facebook, Apple: We will pay to freeze your eggs
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Facebook and Apple are telling their female employees: We will pay to freeze your eggs.
Facebook ( FB , Tech30 ) is already covering the procedure as part of its insurance benefits, the company said. Apple ( AAPL , Tech30 ) plans to offer coverage starting in January, according to report by NBC News .
The relatively new practice of freezing eggs allows women to put their fertility on hold so they can still have children later in life.
It's an unusual "perk" and the technology giants appear to be the first major employers to offer such coverage for non-medical reasons.
Egg freezing allows women to focus on advancing their careers during peak childbearing years without sacrificing their fertility.
But some critics argue that companies are encouraging women to put work ahead of motherhood.
Related: Microsoft CEO to women: Not asking for a raise is 'good karma'
The cost of freezing eggs typically adds up to at least $10,000 for each round of treatment, plus $500 or more annually for storage, according to NBC News. Doctors often recommend women freeze at least 20 eggs, which can require two rounds of the procedure.
Facebook, which introduced the benefit in January, covers all eligible fertility treatments up to a maximum of $20,000.
While using frozen eggs does not always result in pregnancy, success rates have been improving.
NBC says fertility doctors have reported a "surge" in demand for egg freezing since the American Society of Reproductive Medicine lifted the "experimental" label from the procedure in 2012.
"Over last several years its become very popular," said Dr. Elizabeth Fino, a professor at the NYU Langone Fertility Center. She said about a third of the patients at her clinic are doing "fertility preservation."
While the success rate varies greatly with age, Fino said the probability of a batch of frozen eggs, or a cycle, resulting in a pregnancy is 40 to 50% for women under 35.
Fertility experts don't advocate delaying pregnancy unnecessarily, but Fino said many women are now postponing pregnancy for career reasons or because they haven't found a partner, and egg freezing is a safe and effective way for them to still have children.
Related: 5 questions on egg freezing
Fertility doctors say the best time for a woman to freeze her eggs is when she is in her 20s and 30s. Younger eggs have a better chance of withstanding the freezing process and increase the chances of creating a baby.
Egg freezing is seen as an elective procedure and is not covered by most insurance policies. However, it has long been covered for women who undergo some sort of medical procedure that causes them to become infertile, such as some forms of chemotherapy.
Related: Apple: mostly men, mostly white
The new benefit comes as many big technology firms have been taking steps to increase diversity among the male-dominated ranks of Silicon Valley.
Apple released statistics last month showing that 70% of the company's 98,000 worldwide employees are male. The figure jumps to 72% for leadership roles and 80% for technical positions.
Facebook's chief operating officer, Sheryl Sandberg , is a leading voice exhorting women to take a leading role in the workforce. But the company's diversity statistics are a reflection of the rest of Silicon Valley. Nearly 70% of Facebook's global staffers are male. A full 85% of the company's tech workers, and 77% of its management team, are also men.
Apple did not immediately responded to requests for confirmation.
First Published: October 14, 2014: 11:13 AM ET
Most Popular

Investors  keep your emotions in checkSHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Specialist Jason Notter works at his post on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange on Oct. 10, 2014. (Richard Drew, AP)
Stocks have been going down, and that means so have investors’ 401(k) balances. At the same time, investor anxiety has been going up, and that means emotions gone wild could cause folks to make bad money moves.
Keep your cool.
Here’s some advice USA TODAY has culled today from interviews with sources as well as incoming missives from the Wall Street community in these times of stress for financial markets.
David Rosenberg, chief economist and strategist at Gluskin Sheff, had this to say in a note to clients today:
“Corrections are part and parcel of the investment process,” says Rosenberg. “It is imperative to take a deep breath and realize that what is most important for building wealth is not ‘timing’ the market but rather ‘time in’ the market.”
Ron Weiner, founder, president and CEO of RDM Financial Group, shared this wisdom with USA TODAY in an interview.
“Short-term, human beings have a unique built-in mechanism that, left to their emotions, they will almost always buy high and sell low,” says Weiner. “That is the normal visceral reaction. Investors that want to buy low and sell high are the ones that go against their human nature.”
And it’s tough to time the market with any precision, he adds.
“Investors are still hung over from the big declines in 2000-01 and 2008-09 that they have their finger on the sell trigger,” says Weiner. “They are so afraid of losing money they have lost sight of the long term. Markets don’t go up in a straight line and we have gone in a straight line for three years. It’s not that the fear of a global slowdown isn’t warranted, it’s just really hard to time the market.”
JJ Kinahan, chief strategist at TD Ameritrade, told USA TODAY in a phone interview that investors have to put the recent declines in perspective.
“Put it in perspective,” says Kinahan. “Sure, the S&P 500 stock index started the day down almost 7% from its high. On a grander scale, that is not a complete disaster. It’s just that the declines happened so fast and were so quick and violent. We are coming off the worst three days in three years. Corrections are healthy for markets.”

Message to investors: keep your emotions in checkSHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Specialist Jason Notter works at his post on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange on Oct. 10, 2014. (Richard Drew, AP)
Stocks have been going down, and that means so have investors’ 401(k) balances. At the same time, investor anxiety has been going up, and that means emotions gone wild could cause folks to make bad money moves.
Keep your cool.
Here’s some advice USA TODAY has culled today from interviews with sources as well as incoming missives from the Wall Street community in these times of stress for financial markets.
David Rosenberg, chief economist and strategist at Gluskin Sheff, had this to say in a note to clients today:
“Corrections are part and parcel of the investment process,” says Rosenberg. “It is imperative to take a deep breath and realize that what is most important for building wealth is not ‘timing’ the market but rather ‘time in’ the market.”
Ron Weiner, founder, president and CEO of RDM Financial Group, shared this wisdom with USA TODAY in an interview.
“Short-term, human beings have a unique built-in mechanism that, left to their emotions, they will almost always buy high and sell low,” says Weiner. “That is the normal visceral reaction. Investors that want to buy low and sell high are the ones that go against their human nature.”
And it’s tough to time the market with any precision, he adds.
“Investors are still hung over from the big declines in 2000-01 and 2008-09 that they have their finger on the sell trigger,” says Weiner. “They are so afraid of losing money they have lost sight of the long term. Markets don’t go up in a straight line and we have gone in a straight line for three years. It’s not that the fear of a global slowdown isn’t warranted, it’s just really hard to time the market.”
JJ Kinahan, chief strategist at TD Ameritrade, told USA TODAY in a phone interview that investors have to put the recent declines in perspective.
“Put it in perspective,” says Kinahan. “Sure, the S&P 500 stock index started the day down almost 7% from its high. On a grander scale, that is not a complete disaster. It’s just that the declines happened so fast and were so quick and violent. We are coming off the worst three days in three years. Corrections are healthy for markets.”

Dimon: Cancer prognosis  excellentSHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
JP Morgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon says his outlook after cancer treatment is excellent, and that he plans to resume international travel.
(Saul Loeb, AFP)
“The prognosis is what it was before, which is excellent,” Dimon said in a conference call. “But obviously I’m in that stage of monitoring, etcetera, and so I see the doctor periodically.”
Dimon, 58, announced July 1 that he’d have two months of radiation and chemotherapy for throat cancer. He has been working from the bank’s New York offices, and finished his treatments Sept. 11.
“I’m starting to build back up to a full schedule; I went to my first trip to DC, I have some other international trips planned which I hope to do, and we’ll be monitoring it,” Dimon said. “I feel good and I’m happy the treatments are over.”
Dimon had gotten advice from Warren Buffett, CEO of Berkshire Hathaway, on dealing with cancer treatments. Buffett was treated for prostate cancer in 2012. He’d told Dimon to rest often and bring entertainment for the sometimes lengthy chemotherapy sessions. Buffett’s suggestion: Episodes of Breaking Bad.
 

How to profit from EbolaSHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Ebola fears are spreading across the globe. Most people try to protect themselves. Investors look for stocks connected with the disease.
There’s no cure for Ebola. Hopefully one is in the works. Currently, the best way to not die from Ebola is not getting it. That’s why a big winner is Lakeland Industries (LAKE) . The company makes hazmat suits. The stock is one of the biggest winners on the market. Shares were up 274% this year before Tuesday’s trading began. Shares fell $7.57, or 26%, to $21.43 Tuesday as Ebola fears cooled a bit.
Investors see demand growing for face masks, too. And that’s why Alpha Pro Tech (APT) , a maker of protective gear such as facemasks, is up. Shares are up 245% this year.
But the end game is to wipe this disease off the face of the earth. There’s a long list of companies working on a cure. Hopes were high for shares of Chimerix (CMRX) . The company’s Ebola treatment was given to the first patient in Dallas. But after the patient died, investors backed off. There’s a long list of public companies working on the problem. Companies like Tekmira (TKMR) , Hemispherx (HEB), Newlink (NLNK) , BioCryst (BRCX) , Inovio (INO) and Sarepta (SRPT) .
And there are some other less obvious plays. The ZMapp drug is considered by some to be promising. It’s being developed by a private company called Leaf. It’s made from the tobacco plant. A unit of publicly traded Reynolds American (RAI) makes the drug.
These are almost all speculative plays — and not appropriate for investors other than those that can tolerate great risk.
Whether or not you make money on Ebola – let’s hope it gets cured. Soon.

PM  CM survey cyclone situation  Odisha announces ex-gratiaPM  CM survey cyclone situation  Odisha announces ex-gratia
Heathrow airport starts screening for possible Ebola casesHeathrow airport starts screening for possible Ebola cases
Canada keen to be reliable partner of India in energy supplyCanada keen to be reliable partner of India in energy supply
Insurance industry braces for  Hudhud  claimsInsurance industry braces for  Hudhud  claims
Norwegians to get visa on arrival in India soon  says MukherjeeNorwegians to get visa on arrival in India soon  says Mukherjee
Naveen Patnaik not to celebrate birthday due to cycloneNaveen Patnaik not to celebrate birthday due to cyclone
Norms for payments  small banks soon: RBIComments
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) plans to announce the final norms on small and payments banks next month, a move which could eventually widen the number of players in the Indian banking sector.
RBI deputy governor SS Mundra, while addressing students of Narsee Monjee Institute of Management in Mumbai, said: “Soon, in a month or so, the RBI will come out with the final guidelines on small and payments banks.”
The central bank had mooted the idea of small banks and payments banks to deepen the financial inclusion process and to get more people under the financial system. It had come out with draft guidelines on the issue and had invited comments by August 28. “We have received comments on the discussion paper, “ Mundra said.
Once finalised, these norms would widen the number of players and also make micro-lenders, telecom players, non-banking finance companies and public sector companies eligible to apply for licences once RBI invites applications for the same.
Mundra sought to dismiss concerns on profitability for such banks, saying they can earn from a variety of avenues such as charging for transactions and through investments in government bonds. Small banks would provide a whole suite of basic banking products such as deposits and supply of credit, but within a limited scope.
Payments banks would offer a limited range of products such as demand deposits and remittances. They would also have a widespread network of access points particularly in remote areas, either through their own branch network or through business correspondents or through networks provided by others.
Finance minister Arun Jaitley, in budget speech had said that differentiated banks such as payment banks have been contemplated to meet the needs of small businesses, unorganised sector, low income households, farmers and migrant work force.

Amazon  Future Group ink deal to sell goods onlineAmazon, Future Group ink deal to sell goods online
Agencies  Mumbai, October 13, 2014
First Published: 10:20 IST(13/10/2014) | Last Updated: 15:57 IST(13/10/2014)
Comments
India's largest retailer Future Group has entered into a strategic parnership with the world's largest online store Amazon to jointly sell goods online.
According to the deal, Kishore Biyani's Future group's portfolio of over 40 brands will be retailed exclusively through Amazon.in platform, with the initial focus on the Future Group fashion brands.
The company is known for having a significant prominence in Indian retail and fashion sectors with lifestyle stores like Brand Factory and Central and popular supermarket chains like Big Bazaar and Food Bazaar.
An employee packs orders in the Fulfilment Centre for online retail giant Amazon in Peterborough, central England.(AFP photo)
 
This comes just after Biyani complained of e-commerce companies, particularly Flipkart, of under-cutting the market and selling products at even below the cost price.
 
"The alliance will leverage strong product knowledge, extensive brand portfolio and sourcing base of Future Group, and the e-commerce platform, customer base and reach of Amazon.in.The partnership will initially focus on Future Group's fashion brands and will subsequently cover all other categories," Future Group said in a statement.
 
Future Group's current portfolio of over 40 brands will be retailed exclusively online through Amazon.in platform.
 
"The bottomline in each of our retail success stories is "know your customer". Insights into the soul of Indian consumers - how they operate, think, dream and live - helps us innovate and create functionally differentiating products and experiences.
 
"Partnership with Amazon, which obsesses to be earth's most customer-centric company, will enable us to leverage their strengths, investments and innovations in technology to reach out to wider set of consumers across India," it said.
 
Commenting on the tie-up, Biyani said: "Partnership with Amazon, which obsesses to be earth's most customer-centric company, will enable us to leverage their strengths, investments and innovations in technology to reach out to wider set of consumers across India."  
"We are excited to collaborate, leverage each other's unique strengths and serve customers across India. The product portfolio of Future Group, their innate understanding of the Indian consumer mindset and our ability to serve and deliver a convenient, easy, trusted and reliable delivery experience to a nationwide set of customers is a win-win for all," said Amit Agarwal, vice president and Country Manager, Amazon India.
 
Amazon.in will also partner Future Group brands in promoting the existing and new brands in markets, explore co-branding opportunities and accelerate new product development in categories which are currently not served by retailers, the company said.
 
The two firms will also explore synergies in areas such as distribution network, customer acquisition and cross-promotions.
Immediately after the news broke Monday, the shares for Future Retail Ltd jumped 6.4% while that of Future Lifestyle Fashions Ltd gained 5%.

2G court to consider Aircel-Maxis charges Oct 29Comments
The special court on the 2G case Monday said it will decide October 29 what action it proposes on the charges filed by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) against former telecom minister Dayanidhi and others in the Axis-Marxis deal.
Special CBI Court Judge Judge OP Saini set the date to deliver its order on what due consideration it proposes on the charges filed against Maran, his brother Kalanithi Maran and Malaysian businessman T Ananda Krishnan, among others.
The CBI said there was sufficient evidence to prosecute the accused. The probe agency has booked all the accused under charges of criminal conspiracy and under provisions of the Prevention of Corruption Act.
The agency alleged that Dayanidhi Maran used his influence to help Krishnan to acquire Aircel by allegedly coercing its owner Sivasankaran to part with his stake.
It was alleged by Sivasankaran that Dayanidhi Maran favoured the Maxis Group in the takeover of his company. In return, he further alleged, the company made investments through Astro Network in a company stated to be owned by the Maran family.
Four companies -- Chennai-based Sun Direct TV, Britain-based Astro All Asia Networks, Maxis Communications Berhad of Malaysia and the South Asia Entertainment Holdings of Mauritius -- have been also named in the charges filed August 29.

RIL net beats expectations  rises 1.7% on high marginsRIL net beats expectations, rises 1.7% on high margins
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 13, 2014
First Published: 19:06 IST(13/10/2014) | Last Updated: 23:50 IST(13/10/2014)
Comments
India’s biggest private company by sales, Reliance Industries Ltd, on Monday posted a 1.7% year-on-year rise in its second quarter net profit, beating market expectations on the back of improved refining margins despite softening crude oil prices.
Mukesh Ambani-led RIL, which operates the world’s biggest refinery complex in a single location, said its consolidated net profit stood at Rs. 5,972 crore, against Rs. 5,873 crore last year. This was much better than brokerages’ estimates of `5,634 crore.
Sales, however, fell 4.3% to Rs. 113,396 crore due to low crude prices and volumes.
“The refining and petrochemical businesses once again delivered robust results outperforming regional industry benchmarks,” chairman Mukesh Ambani said in a statement.
RIL’s gross refining margin — the main indicator of the profitability of a refinery — stood at $8.3 a barrel against $7.7 a year ago.
The refining operations and the oil and gas divisions have been closely watched ever since the company failed to stop the falling domestic oil and gas output in the Krishna-Godavari basin.
During July-September, RIL’s Jamnagar refineries processed 17.3 million metric tonnes of crude at an average utilisation rate of 112%.
In comparison, average utilisation rates for refineries globally during the same period stood at 89.1% in North America, 78.9% in Europe and 84% in Asia.
“The earnings are better than market expectations and refining margins have been the main surprise,” said independent market expert Ambarish Baliga. “This will have a positive impact on the stock tomorrow.”
Shares of Reliance fell 0.3% ahead of the earnings announcement. Outlining RIL’s expansion plans, Ambani said: “Renewed optimism in the domestic economy augurs well for business and consumer confidence, particularly against the backdrop of continuing concerns on global economic growth. We expect to create significant value for our stakeholders over the next 12-18 months as we complete our large investment programme across energy and consumer businesses.”
In June, Ambani told shareholders that RIL was planning to invest Rs. 70,000 crore in various businesses. Reliance Jio Infocomm, a subsidiary of RIL, has already signed a $750-million loan agreement backed by Korea Exim Bank in September.
Reliance said the net addition to fixed assets for the half year ended September 30 stood at Rs. 44,895 crore. “Capital expenditure was principally on account of ongoing expansions projects in the petrochemicals and refining business at Jamnagar, Dahej and Hazira, broadband access and US Shale gas projects,” the statement added.

There is consensus on economic reform: Pranabheads of state
"... All political parties have accepted the basic principle that liberalisation of economy, decontrol, deregulation and exposure to foreign investment is needed," the President said in an interview to a Finnish TV channel.
President Pranab Mukherjee believes that there is a cross-party consensus in India on the core principles of economic liberalisation and policy reform. 
 
After the initial focus on building industrial and educational infrastructure in the post-independence era, “we decided that there should be a major change in our policies,” Mr. Mukherjee stated.
 
“And that [economic liberalisation] was introduced by former Prime Minister Dr. Manmohan Singh, when he was Finance Minister in 1991. Subsequently, there have been several governments led by different parties, including the Indian National Congress. All political parties have accepted the basic principle that liberalisation of economy, decontrol, deregulation and exposure to foreign investment is needed,” the President said in an interview to a Finnish television channel.
 
Corruption issue
 
Asked about the malaise of corruption, the President said it was a matter of concern. “Corruption must be handled, controlled and eradicated through certain institutional arrangements.”
 
“I am happy that there is growing concern amongst the people about corruption and, this gets reflected in the actions of elected representatives of the people,” the President said.
 
Education and research
 
The President lamented the fact that India had not paid enough attention to education and research something that countries like Norway and Finland has focused on.
 
 
“Unfortunately, in India we have not paid much attention to research, development and innovation. I am now emphasising that and I am happy our Ministry of Human Resource Development is also working on it and encouraging it. It is not only in the education sector. The quantum of investments in research and innovation by Indian industry is also very less,” he said.
 

Maharashtra elections: Poor  struggling Vidarbha is up for grabs"As long as I am sitting in Delhi, I assure you that no power can divide Maharashtra. Some people are spreading rumors that BJP will sever Mumbai from Maharashtra. It's a lie. Maharashtra is incomplete without Mumbai."
Advertisement
This is what Prime Minister Narendra Modi said recently during an election rally, an affirmation that he would not divide India's most prosperous state.
Although the statement referred to Mumbai, it sparked concerns among party leaders, such as Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) state president Devendra Fadanvis, who is from Vidarbha and has been supporting the demand for a separate state in one of Maharashtra's poorest, most-troubled regions.
Another BJP leader, Sudhir Mungantiwar, believes that a separate Vidarbha state is essential to address the region's problems, including farmers' suicides, Maoists and endemic poverty.
Vidarbha, which forms the eastern region of Maharashtra, includes 11 administrative districts. Part of the Central Provinces during colonial rule, Vidarbha became a part of Maharashtra in 1960, when the state was created on linguistic lines. The region is known for its geographical richness and cultural heritage.  Nagpur is the largest city in the region and the second capital of the state; the city which holds the annual winter session of the state assembly.  Despite this political importance, Vidarbha achieved national infame for thousands of suicides by farmers; 965 killed themselves in 2012 and 942 in 2013.
Let us look at the constituencies representing Vidarbha and the successful parties for the last three elections:
In 2009, Congress won 24 out of 62 seats from Vidarbha (out of the total 288 assembly seats) followed by BJP with 19 seats. Shiv Sena has held eight seats for the last three assembly elections. With the end of the BJP-Shiv Sena and the Congress-NCP alliances Vidarbha is open country for these parties.
Since Vidarbha has become an election issue again, we decided to look at the economic situation of the region. Most of the regions of Vidarbha still suffer from lack of development. Washim, a part of the Vidarbha region, is the poorest district in the state with per capita income of Rs. 36,087 while Gadchiroli is the third poorest at Rs. 36,286. The average state per capita income is Rs. 95,339.
The recent human development index (HDI) report for the state highlighted that out the 11 districts of the region, eight are in the low and medium category of HDI scores. All the districts in Vidarbha have very high infant mortality rates. Despite having good doctor -patient ratio, there is very low utilisation of healthcare services with only 23% institutional deliveries in districts like Gadchiroli.
Vidarbha also lags other parts of Maharashtra in irrigation. The Maharashtra Water Regulatory Authority (MWRA) reports that Vidarbha's creation of irrigation potential, a reference to the annual gross total area under various crops proposed for irrigation, is lower than other areas.
The potential created in Vidarbha is only 41.2% as compared to the rest of Maharashtra which is 75%. The highest potential was created in Pune division with 101.2%. Vidarbha, which includes Nagpur and Amravati divisions, also has the lowest potential in Amravati at 27.8%. When it comes to irrigation projects, the region had 22 projects under the Accelerated Irrigation Benefits Programme (AIBP), a scheme that funds unfinished projects with federal money, of which 13 were completed and 9 were on-going as of July 2014.
Manifestos, promises
BJP has promised to bring Nagpur, along with key cities, under CCTV surveillance within a year, and develop Nagpur, Chandrapur, Akola and Amravati as new industrial hubs. The party has also promised a nodal officer of the rank of additional chief secretary to complete irrigation projects in Vidarbha.
Congress has promised the development of the second capital of Maharashtra. Capital subsidy of 10% for extension of projects and new textile units for industries in Vidarbha. It has also promised investments in agriculture, irrigation, roads and basic infrastructural facilities.
Shiv Sena, in its manifesto, has promised Nagpurkars a metro and mono-rail. It has also promised to make Nagpur a transport hub under (Hub Cities- Smart Cities) project. Keeping in view the different geographical, cultural, industry and tourism aspects of different regions of Maharashtra the Shiv Sena has promised to provide educational, industrial and employment opportunities by developing hub cities or smart cities.
NCP, in its manifesto, has promised eco-tourism and industrial growth in Vidarbha and a metro and mono-rail for Nagpur.

ED may slap penalty on Flipkart  probes other e-commerce playersFlipkart under ED lens over FDI violations
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Bangalore, October 14, 2014
First Published: 18:34 IST(14/10/2014) | Last Updated: 23:07 IST(14/10/2014)
Comments
Enforcement Directorate (ED) may soon impose a penalty on e-commerce major Flipkart after it conducted a probe on the company’s trade practices. The extent of penalty is yet to be ascertained while some speculate it would be to the tune of Rs. 1000 crore.
ED, which probes financial irregularities, mainly money laundering and foreign exchange rule violations, is also probing other e-commerce companies, according to people within the organisation.
Read: 'Govt to look into complaints on Flipkart's big sale'
“The quantum of irregularity has been calculated. The investigation is still on. We are yet to fix a penalty,” said highly placed sources at Enforcement Directorate. “We are probing other businesses as well because of which we cannot reveal what we have learned about Flipkart…It will alert others,” he said on condition of anonymity.
“We are in complete compliance with the laws of the land and will cooperate with authorities when required,” Flipkart spokesperson responded.
Sources in the e-commerce industry said ED had, two months ago, sent an enquiry note to several companies asking about the sales model. Flipkart’s rival Amazon said “We are fully compliant with the regulators”.
Read: ‘Marked up’ prices, server crash spoil Flipkart party
Another major player Snapdeal is yet to respond.
Following many complaints from traders on huge discounts offered by Flipkart, the government had assured them that it would look into their concerns. Commerce minister Nirmala Seetharaman said a few days ago that the government received lot of complaints and it would into them.

Battle for states: Maharashtra  Haryana vote in high-stakes assembly polls tomorrowComments
Some 10 crore people will vote to elect new governments in Maharashtra and Haryana on Wednesday, a major test as much of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s personal charisma as his party’s strategy to abandon long-standing allies in search of political majority in two key states.
An election official checks an EVM at a distribution centre on the eve of voting for assembly elections in Mumbai. (PTI Photo)
A victory will not only reaffirm Modi’s appeal with voters but also silence detractors of his new party leadership, which was blamed for a string of defeats in assembly by-elections that tempered the euphoria of his Lok Sabha triumph.
 
For the Congress, a poor result will possibly stoke further murmurs against Rahul Gandhi’s leadership of the Congress.
Read: All you need to know about Maharashtra elections 2014
 
The vote will also test the mettle of some of the country’s most powerful regional parties such as the Shiv Sena, Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) and the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) in the western state as well as the Indian National Lok Dal (INLD) in Haryana.
 
Within a span of about two weeks, Modi addressed 27 public meetings in Maharashtra and 11 in Haryana, a rare staking of a prime minister’s personal prestige on a high-octane state campaign. He urged voters to hand the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) a clear majority for better governance and faster development.
Pre-poll surveys show that voters may be willing to heed that request, with the numbers putting the BJP slightly ahead in the race.
 
"The BJP is likely to get an absolute majority and in terms of number of seats it could be between 150 and 160, including 40 to 45 in Vidarbha region," said BJP leader and Union minister Nitin Gadkari.
 
In comparison, the Congress campaign appeared to lack steam, with Congress vice-president Rahul and president Sonia Gandhi addressing a few meetings towards close of electioneering in the two states.
 
In Maharashtra, where some 9.33 crore people are eligible to vote, the BJP snapped its 25-year-old alliance with the Shiv Sena following differences over sharing of seats but also with hopes that Modi’s personal charisma will help it tap into growing anti-incumbency against the Congress-NCP’s 15-year rule.
The elections are the first for the Shiv Sena after the death of Bal Thackeray.
 
A pre-poll spat over seats also saw the curtains come down on the Congress-NCP alliance in the state, with political parties keeping their post-poll options open in a five-horse race.
 
Prominent candidates in the state include former Congress chief minister Prithviraj Chavan as well as former deputy CM Ajit Pawar and former ministers RR Patil and Chhagan Bhujbal of the NCP. For the BJP, state chief Devendra Fadnavis, Eknath Khadse, Vinod Tawde and Pankaja Munde are in the fray.
 
In Haryana as well the BJP called off its partnership with the Haryana Janhit Congress. The state is expected to see a three-corner contest between the BJP, Congress and the INLD which saw its jailed leader Om Prakash Chautala campaigning out on bail on medical grounds.
 
The Congress is seeking a third term there.
The main contestants in the state include chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda and Randeep Surjewala of Congress, Chautala’s son Abhay, daughter-in-law Naina and grandson Dushyant (all INLD), former Union minister Venod Sharma and former MP Kuldeep Bishnoi and his elder brother and former deputy chief minister Chander Mohan.
 
The BJP has not named its chief ministerial candidate in either state.
 

OPEC price hawk Iran says can live with lowe...In shift, OPEC price hawk Iran says can live with lower oil
By Reuters | 14 Oct, 2014, 09.14PM IST
0
Share More
A drop in oil prices - which fell to below $87 a barrel on Tuesday, the lowest since 2010 - did not prompt calls for cuts in OPEC supply.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
LONDON: Iran, in a change of tack, is saying it can live with lower oil prices, moving closer to the views of Saudi Arabia and other Gulf OPEC members and reducing the likelihood of any collective cut in OPEC output to support prices.
OPEC's traditionally second-largest producer is normally among the first members of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries to call for supply cuts to support prices.
But a drop in oil prices - which fell to below $87 a barrel on Tuesday, the lowest since 2010 - did not prompt calls for cuts in OPEC supply.
"At this time of year, it is normal to have some price weakness," a source familiar with Iran's oil policy told Reuters. "And oil-price weakness has been compensated for by the appreciation of the dollar."
OPEC's Gulf Arab producers are at ease with lower prices. Saudi Arabia has been quietly telling market participants it is comfortable with lower oil prices, a shift in policy that may be aimed at slowing the expansion of rival producers including those riding the U.S. shale oil boom.
Another core Gulf OPEC producer, Kuwait, said on Sunday OPEC was unlikely to cut production.
Western sanctions have drastically reduced Iranian oil output and exports and have limited its ability to participate in output cuts at a time when Tehran's energy-dependent economy is suffering from much lower oil revenues.
In the past, OPEC countries have cited a weakening dollar as a reason to justify higher oil prices, which erode the purchasing power of dollar-based oil revenues.
But the dollar is close to a four-year high against a basket of currencies, helping offset the drop in prices. LCOc1>
"I am not worried at all," a second source familiar with Iranian thinking said recently, when asked about the drop in oil prices.
OPEC meets to review policy on Nov. 27 and such comments add to the sense that a collective cutback to support prices - which would be OPEC's first since the 2008 financial crisis - looks unlikely - at least for now.
Iran's deputy oil minister said on Tuesday the recent drop in oil prices is short-lived, the oil ministry's news agency Shana reported.
Rokneddin Javadi, who is also the managing-director of the National Iranian Oil Company (NIOC), asked if the fall in oil prices would harm Iran's budget, said: "I don't think so."
Iran, traditionally the No. 2 producer in OPEC, was overtaken by Iraq in 2012 after European sanctions on Iran forced it to reduce exports and as Iraq expanded supplies with the help of foreign oil companies.

Oscar Pistorius offered cash after killing: Prosecutorprint
Oscar Pistorius offered $34,000 to the family of girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp after he killed her, but the family rejected the funds because they did not want "blood money," a prosecutor said on Tuesday at the sentencing hearing for the double-amputee athlete.
related stories
Oscar Pistorius sentenced to 5 years for killing girlfriend
Chief prosecutor Gerrie Nel also referred to separate payments of $550 that the Pistorius camp apparently made on a monthly basis to Steenkamp's family, but said those would be paid back in full. The revelations emerged while Nel was cross-examining a social worker who testified that Pistorius should be placed under house arrest, rather than sent to prison, after his conviction for culpable homicide, or negligent killing.
Social worker Annette Vergeer, one of four witnesses called by the defence, said South African jails are violent and overcrowded and that the athlete would be under particular duress because of his disability and fragile mental state resulting from the night when he fired four times through a toilet door in his home, killing Steenkamp. Pistorius testified he mistook her for an intruder about to attack him and denied prosecution assertions that he shot her during an argument.
Additionally, Vergeer said, Pistorius - who in 2012 was the first amputee athlete to run at the Olympics - has the potential to be a productive member of society again. A sentence of house arrest that includes periods of work at a school for disabled children would be more appropriate, she said.
Prison "will not assist him but will break him as a person," she said. "The exposure of the accused on his stumps to inmates will have a severe effect on him."
Prosecutor Nel challenged Vergeer, saying her knowledge of the South African prison system was limited and out of date. He asked why she didn't mention in her report on Pistorius that she knew the family of the woman he killed turned down a money offer. Nel also suggested the offer indicated Pistorius, who lost lucrative international sponsorships after he killed Steenkamp, had significant funds at his disposal even though his defense team has said his resources had dwindled.
Judge Thokozile Masipa found Pistorius not guilty of murder for shooting Steenkamp, concluding he acted hastily and with excessive force, but didn't intend to kill Steenkamp. The judge has wide latitude when deciding on a sentence. Pistorius, 27, could receive a fine and a suspended jail term or as many as 15 years in prison for the negligent killing.
Vergeer and another social worker called to testify by defence lawyers recommended that Pistorius be given a three-year correctional supervision sentence, which would place him under house arrest for periods and require him to do community service. Prosecutors insist that would be inappropriate and say Pistorius should be sent to prison, citing the level of negligence he showed on the night of the killing when he grabbed his 9 mm pistol and fired four times through the door without checking who was behind it.
Chief prosecutor Nel said the hollow-point bullets Pistorius used in the pre-dawn hours of February 14, 2013 did "terrible" damage to Steenkamp, who was hit in the head, arm and hip. Pistorius' lawyers have cited his emotional and financial suffering after the killing, and his disability, as reasons why he shouldn't be sent to prison.
Family members of Pistorius and Steenkamp attended the second day of the trial's sentencing hearing, which is expected to last around a week. Pistorius mostly sat looking down during Tuesday's testimony.
Pistorius' agent, Peet van Zyl, testified about what he called Pistorius' extensive charity work before the shooting and said Pistorius had now lost all his product endorsements because of the killing.
Cross-examining van Zyl, Nel said, "You view Mr. Pistorius as a poor victim of this case." Van Zyl denied that.
Nel questioned Pistorius' motives for getting involved in charity work, saying it was a smart career move for athletes to lend their names to good causes to boost their image.
"They market themselves by being involved in charity," Nel said.
Van Zyl said it could be perceived that way, but added: "I think that a lot of sportsmen really want to make a difference and to contribute."

Food riots in Vizag  Modi announces Rs 1 000 cr for Hudhud-hit AndhraFood riots broke in the port city of Visakhapatnam on Tuesday as hundreds of people looted relief trucks in a scramble for drinking water, milk, vegetables and petrol following massive shortages two days after a cyclone battered the eastern coast.
 
People fled with enormous sacks of food grain and police used batons to disperse the crowd as Andhra Pradesh’s biggest city struggled to pick up the pieces after Cyclone Hudhud, which killed 22 people in three north coastal districts.
A picture of the swathe of destruction caused by cyclone Hudhud in Vizag. (Arun Sharma/ HT Photo)
The cyclone has damaged several sub-stations and uprooted thousands of electricity poles, making it next to impossible for officials to restore power. Tuesday was the fourth consecutive day in Visakhapatnam – known popularly as Vizag -- without power.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who visited the storm-hit city, announced a Rs. 1,000-crore relief package for Andhra Pradesh, where thousands of people were forced to leave their homes.
“For people of Visakhapatnam, please give drinking water and other essential commodities. I have not seen such a terrible situation in my life,” a resident pleaded with folded hands as people mobbed relief officials and ransacked supplies.
 
Women with children in their arms searched for milk and serpentine queues were seen outside petrol stations in Vizag which bore the brunt of the cyclone’s fury.
 
Prices of essential commodities leapt because of the shortages. “Drinking water and milk costing Rs. 20 each are being sold for Rs. 50 as black-marketeers are having a field day,” said another angry resident.
 
Long queues were seen at fuel stations for the second straight day, despite government assurances that there was enough fuel to last a fortnight. Many had to wait in line for the better part of the day to get fuel, procured at erratic prices. While Lattu Chanti, an auto driver, got diesel at Rs. 64 per litre, ME Krishna, a railway employee, had to pay Rs. 100 per litre for petrol.
Hundreds lined up outside ATMs too, since cash hadn’t been filled up at several centres with the bank network down. Only a few branches were providing partial services.
The famous King George Hospital is also in shambles with authorities forced to discharge patients lodged in wards damaged by Hudhud. 
 
The cyclone hit near the city on Sunday with heavy rains and wind speeds of 185 kilometres per hour.
 
Chief minister N Chandrababu Naidu urged the Centre to treat the devastation caused by the storm as a “national calamity”. “We will rebuild this city and the confidence of its people,” he said.
Watch: Hudhud leaves Andhra, Odisha in tatters
After visiting parts of the worst-affected port city and a review meeting with Naidu and top officials, Modi told reporters at Vishakapatnam, "The Centre is fully with the people of Andhra pradesh. Both governments are working hand in hand."
Modi, who made an aerial survey of the affected areas of both north coastal Andhra and Odisha, also declared Rs. 2 lakh from Prime Minister's Relief Fund for families of each of those killed and Rs. 50,000 to every injured.
Naidu said, "Some people are selling essential items at high prices. It is not fair to try to exploit the situation. We have taken a decision to provide packages of food items in all cyclone-hit areas."
Naidu has been camping in the city since Monday to oversee rehabilitation efforts.
Meanwhile, the city’s two million residents have slowly started returning to normal life amid a trail of destruction all around left by the storm --  houses with collapsed walls or roofs blown away, roads littered with fallen trees, electric poles and traffic booths.
Train services resumed partially on the Visakhapatnam-Bhubaneshwar route but the crucial Vizag-Vijayawada route is yet to be restored. Both bus and mobile phone services improved.
(With agency inputs)

10 000 Ebola cases per week could be seen: WHOEbola infection rate could reach 10,000 a week
AFP
The World Health Organization (WHO) said on Tuesday the Ebola infection rate could soon reach 10,000 a week as world leaders prepared to hold talks on the crisis at the United Nations.
   
WHO assistant director general Bruce Aylward, describing his figures as a working forecast, said the epidemic "could reach 5,000 to 10,000 cases per week by the first week of December".
Spanish medics Marta Arsuaga Vicente (L), Fernando de la Calle and Maria del Mar Lago (R), who are treating Ebola-infected Spanish nurse Teresa Romero, chat in a corridor of Carlos III Hospital in Madrid. (AFP Photo)
The latest death toll is 4,447, from 8,914 recorded cases of infection, Aylward said as the epidemic spirals in the three hardest-hit west African countries of Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea.
   
While the figures suggest a survival rate of 50%, they mask the true picture, Aylward said, adding: "What we're finding is 70% mortality" in all three countries.
   
The United Nations was due to hold talks later Tuesday on a public health crisis that the WHO has called the "most severe in modern times".
   
On Monday, US President Barack Obama and UN secretary general Ban Ki-moon called for the international campaign against the haemorrhagic virus to be intensified.
   
Meanwhile, a 56-year-old Sudanese doctor who had worked as a UN volunteer in Liberia died of Ebola on Monday night after arriving in Germany last week for treatment.
   
'No one taking care of us'
   
In Liberia, doctors and nurses pressed on with a strike demanding danger money to treat Ebola patients as the government threatened to fire them.
   
"Those who stay home... will be replaced and will never come back to work," health minister Walter Gwenigale said on state radio.
   
Ninety-five Liberian health workers have died so far in the epidemic, and their surviving colleagues want pay commensurate with the acute risk of dealing with Ebola, which spreads through contact with bodily fluids and for which there is no vaccine or widely available treatment.
   
In the face of the strike, the local office of the WHO said it was "very concerned for the safety and well-being of the Ebola patients, and urges the health workers to continue with their work".
   
In the capital Monrovia, a hospital patient quoted on local radio described scenes of desolation, with the sick deserted by striking staffers.
The unnamed man said patients who could still walk were climbing over the fence to escape from the treatment unit.
   
At least two cases of contamination have been reported beyond west Africa, in the United States and Europe.
   
Read: India ramps up Ebola screening at airports
   
In Dallas, a nurse who tested positive after caring for a Liberian Ebola patient -- who died last Wednesday -- is in isolation and said to be in stable condition.
   
A Spanish nurse, Teresa Romero, 44, is thought to have caught Ebola while treating an elderly missionary who was infected in Sierra Leone and died on September 25.
   
A doctor at the specialist tropical disease hospital Carlos III in Madrid told reporters: "Statistics show that usually the disease is most deadly up to the 13th or 14th day. Now it is one day after that, so that is good."
   
$25mn for 'heroic work'
   
Facebook co-founder Mark Zuckerberg on Tuesday announced a $25 million donation to the US Centers for Disease Control Foundation to help US efforts to contain the epidemic.
   
"Grants like this directly help the frontline responders in their heroic work," Zuckerberg said on his Facebook page.
   
British troops began loading a ship that will set sail for Sierra Leone later this week to help in efforts to contain the outbreak.
   
The civilian-staffed military ship will travel with three helicopters, air crews and engineers to provide transport and support to medical teams and aid workers.
   
Measures have been introduced in the United States, Canada and Britain to screen for possible Ebola infections among passengers arriving at airports from African countries hit by the virus.
   
Asian aviation hub Singapore said it would also step up Ebola screening for passengers arriving at Changi Airport.
   
The UN nuclear agency said it would send specialised equipment to the west African countries hit by the Ebola outbreak to help faster diagnosis.
   
The machine uses the so-called Reverse Transcriptase Polymerase Chain Reaction technology that allows the Ebola virus "to be detected within a few hours, while other methods require growing on a cell culture for several days before a diagnosis is determined", the IAEA said.
   
"Early diagnosis... if combined with appropriate medical care, increases the victims' chance of survival and helps curtail the spread of the disease by making it possible to isolate and treat the patients earlier," it said in a statement.

Will defend against SEBI ban order: DLFeconomy, business and finance
Realty major DLF Ltd Tuesday said it would defend itself against any adverse findings contained in the order passed against it by market regulator Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI).
SEBI on October 10 barred DLF and six of its executives, including Chairman K.P. Singh, from participating in capital markets for three years for acting to “mislead” investors on the company’s public offer.
In a statement issued, DLF said the SEBI order is being reviewed by it and its legal advisors.
“DLF and its Board wish to reassure its investors and all other stakeholders that it has not acted in contravention of law either during its initial public offer or otherwise. DLF and its board were guided by and acted on the advice of eminent legal advisors, merchant bankers and audit firms while formulating its Offer documents,” the statement said.
“DLF will defend itself to the fullest extent against any adverse findings and measures contained in the order passed by SEBI. DLF has full faith in the judicial process and is confident of vindication of its stand in the near future,” the statement added.
SEBI member Rajeev Agarwal in his October 10 order published Monday said: “I find that the case of active and deliberate suppression of any material information so as to mislead and defraud the investors in the securities market in connection with the issue of shares of DLF in its IPO is clearly made out in this case.
“I am satisfied that the violations as found in this case are grave and have larger implications on the safety and integrity of the securities market,” he added.
Those prohibited from the markets include the chairman’s son and vice—chairman Rajiv Singh, and daughter Pia Singh, who is whole-time director. Others barred are managing director T.C. Goyal, Kameshwar Swarup and Ramesh Sanka.
SEBI said the executives had violated various regulations including SEBI’s Disclosure and Investor Protection (DIP) Guidelines and the PFUTP (Prevention of Fraudulent and Unfair Trade Practices) norms.
The regulator’s DIP guidelines require that the initial public offer (IPO) prospectus contain all material information which shall be true and adequate so as to enable investors to make informed decisions on investing in the issue.
DLF had raised Rs. 9,187 crore through the IPO in 2007.

Two Jerseys for this ace wrestlerUpdated: October 14, 2014 22:59 IST
Two Jerseys for this ace wrestler
Laiqh A. Khan
Rita Priyanka with her prized possessions, gifted by the former Mayor R. Dhruva Kumar (left) on Tuesday. — PHOTO: M.A. SRIRAM
TOPICS
Karnataka
23-year-old Rita Priyanka was recognised for her triumph at the Dasara wrestling competition
The cups, medals and shields that she won in wrestling have been proudly displayed in her modest house in Palahalli village of Srirangapatna taluk. But the trophy that 23-year-old Rita Priyanka received on Tuesday will have to be tethered in the shed next to her house.
She was gifted a Jersey cow and a calf by the former Mayor, R. Dhruva Kumar, in recognition of her triumph at the Dasara wrestling competition in Mysore recently.
Mr. Kumar had made the promise when Rita aced 15 other opponents in the State championship and 20 others in the national championship.
The cow he promised to gift her had delivered a calf on Monday. “I gifted the cow and its calf to encourage her as she comes from a humble background,” Mr. Kumar told The Hindu.
Rita, a B.Com student, was thrilled with the gift. Her father, Anthony Raj, a daily wager, will take care of the cow and the calf. It will supplement the family’s meagre income.
Considered an unconventional sport for girls, Rita took to wrestling when she was in high school. She was encouraged by her father who was a wrestling enthusiast. “I used to play Kabaddi when I was in school. My father taught me wrestling,” Rita says.
She was among the two women wrestlers who turned up at the wrestling competition organised during Dasara festival in 2004. In view of the poor response from women wrestlers from the State, the organisers of the Dasara wrestling competition invited wrestlers for the national championship in 2005. “I participated against wrestlers from Haryana and Rajasthan and bagged the third position. After that, there was no looking back. I have participated in several national women wrestling championships across the country,” she says.

