Halloween Costumes Are Sexualizing Our Youngest Trick-Or-Treatersreddit
My preschooler wants to be a firefighter for Halloween. She also wants to be Elsa and a strawberry, but let's focus on firefighter. In search of the perfect costume, we went to Value Village: "Your Halloween destination for the whole family."
We quickly located a firefighter costume for boys, complete with a bright red jacket, a traditional helmet and an axe. The girls' version, on the other hand, is a skin-tight, short, shiny dress that's surely flammable. It includes a fascinator (in lieu of a helmet) never before seen on a real firefighter.
The model on the package, who looks to be about the same age as my daughter, completes the outfit with heeled, calf-high boots -- not ideal for running into burning buildings, or trick-or-treating for that matter. The costume is for children four to six and it's one of several provocative costumes for the age group.
Even the pumpkin costume for preschoolers is sexy: it's sleeveless and features a black bodice with an orange ribbon that laces up the front like a corset. I found the girls’ firefighter and the police officer costumes the most offensive, as they hung on the rack in stark contrast to the boys' versions.
The costumes are available exclusively at Value Village, according to the packaging, and are under the brand name Alterego. (Showing just how little thought went into these costumes, “firefighter” is misspelled on the packaging.)
Getting an early start on sexy
Halloween costumes that put a sexy spin on uniformed occupations (or anything for that matter) have been popular among women for years, but for little girls? I would be disappointed if my 14-year-old stepdaughter wore this little number, let alone my preschooler. (My stepdaughter is, in fact, dressing up as Rosie the Riveter.)
Dr. Janni Aragon is a feminist and an assistant professor at the University of Victoria. She's also the mother of two daughters, age 10 and 16, who both dressed up as firefighters when they were little girls. They wore the boys' version of the costume.
"The hyper-sexualization of little girls and their bodies, as a mother, really bothers me," Aragon says. "It plays into the sexualization of their bodies into their teenager years and adult life. It makes them grow up faster than they need to. Let them be little girls, have fun, be able to play in the playground and not worry about going on the monkey bars because someone's going to see their underwear. Something like this constricts their movements, which affects the way they play."
Sexist and oppressive
What kind of message do these costumes send to our girls? While the boys have costumes that look like the real thing, girls are expected to dress up in spoof ensembles, thus suggesting they can't, or shouldn't, do the real job. The costumes are not only "sexy," they're also sexist.
"The girls are acting and performing, whereas the boys are doing," Aragon says. "That's usually the case -- the boys being the active verb or the subject and little girls, or women, being the object."
Even more concerning, the costumes could put girls at risk.
"There are lots of messages about the way in which to get attention is through your body, your looks and your clothes," Aragon says. "I'm not shaming body, looks and clothes, but there's good attention and there's attention that you might not want. There's the targeting of little girls by men or older boys who think they're older because of the way in which they're dressing."
The real female firefighters and police officers
Jenny Reid, a volunteer firefighter with Langford Fire Rescue, says the costume is not only offensive to women in her field, it's also damaging to the self-esteem of little girls.
"That costume is awful and it sends the wrong message," she says. "It reinforces that there are still jobs that are off-limits to women. It's not a representation of the real job. Little girls can do whatever they want. They shouldn't be restricted. Those types of costumes put so many limitations on them. They don't build the self-esteem and confidence you need to be a firefighter or police officer."
Reid doesn't remember costumes like this when she was a kid and she's glad they weren't around. At a recent open house at the fire hall, she was happy to see boys and girls equally engaged in the activities, scaling the climbing wall and playing with the fire extinguisher and hose. It's the way it should be, she says. Boys and girls alike can aspire to be firefighters. These costumes, however, send a different message.
"I don't see how you can ignore those images if you're a small child," she says. "Girls should be wearing the same costume as the boys. I wear the same gear as the guys. (Costume makers) shouldn't be creating those kinds of divides and enforcing gender stereotypes because girls will continue to grow into them."
Victoria police Sgt. Kristi Ross says she's disappointed to see her profession being sexualized and misrepresented to young girls.
"(The costume) is telling young girls to be revealing in order to gain attention," she says. "As police officers, we're here because of our strength, our brains, our confidence and our abilities, not because of what we look like. Women are getting into these roles for the same reasons men are. They're not getting in because of how much leg they're showing."
Ross, who has a seven-year-old daughter and five-year-old son, says the costume is far from realistic: "Policewomen wear pants while they work. It's hard to chase bad guys down in stiletto heels."
Corporate social responsibility
When I returned to Value Village to speak with a manager, I struck up a conversation with a member of the sales staff in the costume department. I asked him why the boys' and girls' version of the police officer and firefighter costumes were different.
"Because society says that little girls have to be sexy and little boys have to masculine," he said wryly. "It's gross. And it's everywhere. We're not very evolved as a society. Will it ever, ever change?"
He introduced me to the manager, and she was clearly taken aback when I held up the boys' and girls' version of the firefighter costume. I told her I want Value Village to stop selling the costumes.
"Oh my gosh," she gasped, telling me when she was a little girl she was a clown, a witch and a devil. "I understand how you feel."
The manager referred me to the U.S. head office for Value Village, which goes by the brand Savers in the U.S. I have left messages, but no one has returned my calls.
Value Village is a leader in the retail thrift industry and its first core value, as listed on its website, is to "embrace honesty, integrity and ethics in all aspects of our business." I don't think selling these costumes and promoting the sexualization of children is ethical -- do you?
I'm encouraging anyone who's concerned by these costumes to call Savers/Value Village at 425-462-1515. Or tweet them @SaversVVillage . Tell them little girls are #NotATreat and we're #NotBuyingIt.
UPDATE - Oct. 20, 2014: Value Village has agreed to remove the costumes. Read their statement here .
ALSO ON HUFFPOST:

Canadian Pacific  CSX end merger talksCanadian Pacific, CSX end merger talks
By: Kevin McCoy October 20, 2014 11:22 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Shares of CSX ( CSX ) and Canadian Pacific ( CP ) fell Monday after the rail companies ended talks over a proposed $62 billion merger, dashing plans to create a consolidated freight-hauling giant.
No further talks are planned in the proposed tie-up that was proposed earlier this month by Calgary- and New York City-based Canadian Pacific and spurned by Jacksonville, Fla.-based CSX.
CSX is the third-largest U.S. rail company. Canadian Pacific is Canada’s second largest railroad operator. Had the two sides agreed on a deal, the merger would have surpassed the 2010 $26 billion purchase of Burlington Northern Sante Fe railroad by Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway.
CSX shares closed down just over 1% Monday at $33.51. Canadian Pacific closed down more than 1.5% at $196.43.
No reason for the breakoff was announced. However, Canadian Pacific issued a statement that said “regulatory concerns appear to be a major deterrent for many railroads considering combinations.”
Nonetheless, the company added: “CP believes that given the right structure between the right players, and having thoughtful considerations and remedies to address shipper concerns, regulatory approvals are achievable.”
Canadian Pacific said the North American rail industry faces the challenges of moving more freight than ever, along with “the prospect of moving even more as oil production, crop yields and consumer demand grow alongside the economy.”
“CP is convinced that the significant problems that beset the industry now will only worsen over time if solutions aren’t put in place immediately,” the company said. “A pro-competition, customer friendly, safety-focused railway combination is one such solution that could not be ignored on its merits by regulators.”
Canadian Pacific CEO E. Hunter Harrison scheduled a Tuesday conference call to discuss railroad industry mergers and acquisitions and North American transportation policy.
“He seems to think that if the right rails got together, this might address the regulatory concerns,” David Tyerman, an analyst at Canaccord Genuity Corp. in Toronto, said in a Bloomberg News interview. “He’s not letting go and is hoping to advance the agenda.”
 

Why and how has multicultural India become racistWhy and how has multicultural India become racist?
Abhishek Saha , Hindustan Times  New Delhi , October 20, 2014
First Published: 08:04 IST(20/10/2014) | Last Updated: 12:26 IST(31/10/2014)
On October 15, Michael Lamjathang Haokip, a 26-year-old Manipuri youth, was attacked by a mob and asked to speak in Kannada in Bangalore. He was reminded during the scuffle that he ‘was not in China, but India’.
 
The very next day, in Delhi’s Sikanderpur area, two Naga youths were mercilessly thrashed with cricket bats and hockey sticks and allegedly told, “If you guys from Manipur and Nagaland come and stay here, we will kill you.”
 
These two incidents come close on the heels of another racial atrocity in Delhi. Last month, three African men were nearly lynched to death by a mob in the Rajiv Chowk Metro station after they objected to being photographed and commented upon by fellow commuters.
 
For a country as diversely populated as India — where a multitude of communities following different cultures inhabit greatly varied geographies, where the nuance of ‘unity in diversity’ is oft quoted and rhetorically celebrated — such blatant racial attacks are bound to evoke a number of questions, with the most basic being ‘why?’.
 
In the editorials and op-ed pieces that proliferated after Nido Taniam’s death in January and the thrashing of the Africans last month, commentators and journalists expressed their opinions taking a cue mostly from the existent cultural differences between ‘mainstream Indians’ and northeastern people, and political opportunism of Delhi.
 
However, the recent incidents of unprecedented mob violence and public lynching leave experts confused about a plausible explanation, feels Pratap Bhanu Mehta, director of the Centre for Policy Research, New Delhi.
“Racial prejudice and ignorance about people from different cultures have always existed but targeted mob violence against certain racial groups is a distinctly new phenomenon,” says Mehta.
 
Mehta adds, “I honestly do not understand what is happening — there is no social, economic or political reasons which can be directly put forward as a cause for such brutal mob violence. Such incidents defy any easy sociological explanations.”
 
He, however, says that these incidents indicate that in urban areas of India there exists a macabre fascination with violence, and that is quite disturbing.
 
But, Anjali Monteiro, professor and dean at School of Media and Cultural Studies, Tata Institute of Social Sciences, Mumbai, offers a different perspective.
 
She says that the brutalities witnessed in Bangalore and Delhi stem out of the same idea of hierarchy and supremacy that the country has been bearing in its caste system for so long.
 
“The concept of ‘the other’ from which our caste system and religious fundamentalism against minorities germinates, is the same which stokes these ghastly acts against certain racial groups,” says Monteiro.
 
The ‘other’, she says, is like a variant — it can be the Dalits or people from the northeast or religious minorities — but the ‘intolerance to differences’ remains the same.
 
“There is a culture of normalisation of hierarchy in the Indian society, mainly pushed by the caste system, and such ideas of hierarchies, albeit in different contexts, are all inter-connected,” argues Monteiro.
 
A report by the Centre for North East Studies and Policy Research, Jamia Millia Islamia, last year stated that the number of youth from the northeast region in Delhi was around 2 lakh. The same survey also estimated that more than 4 lakh people migrated from the northeastern states into various metropolitan cities in India during 2005-10.  And, a recent report by a government-appointed committee reveals that in the past three years, crimes against people from the northeastern states have gone up by 270%.
 
Kaustubh Deka, an assistant professor of political science at the University of Delhi, puts things in perspective by explaining how the equations between communities have changed in a post-liberalised India where internal migrations for better opportunities have increased phenomenally.
 
“The increasing out migration from peripheral areas like the northeast to urban centres and big metros are bringing a lot of tensions to the fore, both with respect to employment opportunities as well as cultural insensitivities,” says Deka.
 
The employment opportunities which Deka talks about have come up mostly, as an essay in the Economic and Political Weekly notes, from “business process outsourcing (BPO) and other private sector businesses, which put a premium on proficiency of the English language, suits people of the northeast, most of whom are products of relatively better, English-medium private high schools”.
 
Deka further adds, “Post-liberalisation developments have laid open the possibilities of real cultural assimilation which was only in theory as a constitutional arrangement earlier.”
 
And the recent incidents of mob violence, Deka notes, show how in an actually diversified society “the real insecurities and insensitivities of a section of people are coming out more sharply”.
 
Other than the undercurrents of violence in urban India and demographic issues pointed out respectively by Mehta and Deka, another reason which can be attributed to the horrific mob violence is the cultural ignorance of the rest of the country about the northeast.
 
“I study in an IIM, which is supposed to have the best of the country’s students, and believe me, most of my colleagues and friends do not know the names of all the states in the northeast,” says Shougaijam Dibyalaxmi, a Manipuri student at the Indian Institute of Management, Kozhikode.
 
“At a party recently,” she adds, “a friend introduced me as an Assamese!”
 
“Ignorance about the northeast and lack of cultural education are, in my opinion, the root causes of the mob violence the country has witnessed last week,” she adds.
 
Sunil Khilnani, in his book The Idea of India, says that Nehru envisaged India as ‘a space of ceaseless cultural mixing’. Prime Minister Narendra Modi, at his maiden UN General Assembly address in New York, referred to the Indian ideal of “vasudhaiva kutumbakam (the world is one family)”. Such ideals cannot be met easily until racism and divisive forces continue to rule the roost.

Spotify Lowers Its Prices With Family PlanClick to email this to a friend
Apple thinks streaming music should cost less. Spotify agrees.
Spotify is effectively offering a price cut on its subscription music service by giving family members a 50 percent discount on additional accounts. So if you have a $10 Spotify Premium subscription, your husband can get one for $5 a month.
Spotify says the new pricing scheme will roll out globally over the next few weeks. The company has said it already has more than 10 million people paying for a subscription, and 40 million users overall. The discounts, made with the blessings of the music labels, could help boost those numbers.
They are also a sign that Spotify, and its CEO Daniel Ek, agrees with the pitch Apple has been making to the music labels: If paid subscription services are going to get much bigger, they will have to get cheaper. While $10 a month is now the industry standard, that’s much, much more than people spent on music during the industry’s peak.
Apple has been pushing the labels for more extensive price cuts . It wants to relaunch the  Beats Music subscription service it bought last spring  next year, and industry scuttlebutt is that it’s trying to get the price cut in half, to $5 a month.
The logic of Apple’s argument, relayed by people who’ve heard the pitch secondhand: Apple’s best iTunes buyers spend about $60 a year on downloaded music — $5 a month. So if subscription services dropped that low, any download buyers that switched over to the streaming model would generate just as much revenue for the music labels. And, more important, the market of potential subscribers would get much larger.
My hunch is that Apple doesn’t think the labels, who have just gotten used to the idea that streaming services can be big money generators, will want to cut prices in half. A more modest goal would be to get rental music down to the price Netflix charges (some of) its users for rental video: $8 per month. Bear in mind that any price cuts that Apple got would have to be offered to all of its rivals, too.

Amaze Off top-10 list in September  Alto retains no. 1 spot despite fall in salesTweet
Maruti Suzuki’s Alto held on to the No. 1 spot, despite posting a sequential drop in sales.
NEW DELHI: The Honda Amaze has fallen off the list of India's Top 10 cars by sales for the first time since May, with its September volume falling to less than half from the previous month. Maruti Suzuki's Alto held on to the No. 1 spot, despite posting a sequential drop in sales.
In fact, the top three - all Maruti models - posted lower sales compared with August. Among the rest, only the Maruti WagonR, Hyundai Motor's Elite i20 and Grand i10, and the Honda City have posted higher sales, the last after halting production in the previous month. This clearly indicates subdued demand in sales during the festive season. Overall car sales had fallen in September for the first time since May, brining an unpleasant surprise to the auto industry that had been expecting strong sales this festival season.
Read More: Top 10 selling cars in August
"It's not been as exciting festive season in terms of sales as we expected," said Nikunj Sanghi, top office bearer at the Federation of Automobile Dealers Association and owner of Mahindra & Mahindra dealerships. He expects the trend to linger into October, the main festival month, as well. "The first week of October was one of the worst periods due to a long weekend. Banks were closed almost for a week, transactions were held up and customers postponed buying," he said.
According to Mohit Arora, executive director of marketing information company JD Power Asia Pacific, the industry's estimates had far exceeded ground realities. "We hope that Diwali will prove to be the turning point."
While the compact sedan Amaze has fallen off the list, the car that moved in is also a Honda, the mid-size City sedan. Its sales have increased from August, the only month when it dropped off the list since the launch of the new version in January. Honda had halted production of the City in August to shift its manufacturing to a new plant at Tapukara in Rajasthan. The company said it has cut down on the output of the Amaze to increase the production of the City.
"We have 15,000 units a month (overall) production capacity and we accordingly adjust it. Since we halted production of the City, we had longer waiting period and that's why we increased production of the City and decreased production of Amaze," said Jnaneswar Sen, senior vice president of marketing and sales at Honda Cars India Ltd. "From November, we will increase the capacity to 20,000. Then we hope we will be able to manage much better."
According to him, demand is "very strong" for all models of Honda. "We have already started preparations for adding second shift operations in Tapukara plant which will begin from next month and help us speed up the deliveries. We were able to maximise production of Amaze in August 2014 as production capacity was available with us due to shifting of production location of Honda City in that month," he said.

How YouTubes Biggest Star Got His StartTen years ago, who knew gaming could rake in the big bucks?
Photo by Suhaimi Abdullah/Getty Images
This article originally appeared in Inc .
Felix Kjellberg, better known by his online gaming alias "PewDiePie," has one of the fastest-growing channels on YouTube —a sign of some serious entrepreneurial juice. 
Advertisement
PewDiePie posts videos of himself playing video games, along with humorous commentary for viewers. The gamer hit an impressive 30 million followers in September, making his channel the most subscribed and the most viewed on YouTube for the month. His videos also have caused spikes in sales of games he's featured, such as Slender, Goat Simulator, and Flappy Bird , showing an influence he himself describes as "scary." But how did he get to where he is today?
"I just want to entertain; that is my main objective and what comes before everything else," PewDiePie told Swedish magazine Icon in a May interview.
Kjellberg comes from humble roots: Born in Gothenburg, Sweden, he gave up his pursuit of an industrial economics degree to focus on his YouTube career—something that, until recently, wasn't even considered a career. Yet his channel's revenue, which comes primarily from YouTube ads, ranges between $140,000 and $1.4 million a month, the Atlantic reports. 
PewDiePie's Web personality is remarkably human: He jokes, swears, shrieks, and giggles, all the while referring to his massive fanbase as his "bros" or "bro army." He ends almost every video with an affectionate fist bump (dubbed the "brofist"), encapsulating the entrepreneurial experience by effectively saying: I'm one of you, viewers.
And he's not afraid to be candid with his audience, either. In September, after reaching the 30-million-follower milestone, he posted a video titled " Goodbye Forever Comments ," in which he remarks: "I'm not trying to offend you bros who show a lot of support, but I don't see it as much anymore. … I go to the comments and it's mainly spam, it's people self-advertising, it's people ... trying to provoke. … Just all this stuff that to me isn't anything."
After announcing that he would disable the comments section forever, he smiled cheekily and ended the video with his trademark fist bump. (On Monday, Oct. 13, however, he brought the comments section back, in a walkthrough of Alien: Isolation.)
Like any true entrepreneur, PewDiePie is devoted primarily to his project and to his consumers (read: bros). "The thing that has made YouTube so successful is that you can relate to the people you're watching to a much higher degree than to the people you see on TV," he tells Icon.
PewDiePie's contract with Maker Studios—the largest network of channels on YouTube—is up in December. In the interview with Icon, PewDiePie announced that he may be starting his own network instead of renewing the contract, though he wouldn't go into further detail.

Maharashtra Assembly: We are in no hurry  Sena can join us minus any condition  says BJPComments
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) is in no hurry to form a government in Maharashtra, hoping to wear down its former ally, the Shiv Sena, into offering unconditional support as political negotiations over who will rule the state gathered momentum on Monday.
 
Speculation swirled about whether the BJP would join hands with the National Congress Party (NCP), which has already offered outside support, or turn to the Shiv Sena, with whom it snapped a 25-year-old alliance days before the assembly election.
Maharashtra BJP workers celebrate their election victory outside the party office in Nariman Point in Mumbai. (Vijayanand Gupta/HT Photo)
Read: Sena hopes for best, ready for worst
Though the BJP is 22 seats short of a majority in the 288-member assembly, it has an upper hand in negotiations with future allies because it is the single largest party with 123 seats compared with the Shiv Sena’s 63 seats. However, it still needs to team up with one of the opposition parties for a majority of 145.
“Our primary aim is to run the government without the Sena’s support,” said a senior BJP leader. “We are in no hurry. If the Sena wants, it may join us but without any condition.”
 
The BJP has not yet decided on accepting the NCP’s offer, but it has begun talks with smaller parties and independents who together have 19 seats. Party sources said they would get the support of at least 16, taking its tally to 139. Two each from the All India Majlis-E-Ittehadul Muslimeen (AIMIM) and Samajwadi Party may even stay neutral.
All possibilities, including the extension of President’s Rule or poaching a group of MLAs from other parties are also being considered, they added.
Read: Congress asked us to jointly back Sena: Sharad Pawar
 
The BJP kept its suitors waiting as Prime Minister Narendra Modi and party president Amit Shah met union transport minister Nitin Gadkari on Monday, sparking speculation in party circles that they wanted him to take over as chief minister.
 
Party MLAs are likely to meet in Mumbai on Tuesday to select their chief ministerial candidate. State party chief Devendra Fadnavis, the 44-year-old fourth-term MLA from Nagpur, still looked like a front-runner for the top job. He is seen as having an edge because he has the backing of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) and has a clean image.
Read: RSS says it's up to BJP to decide on accepting NCP offer, Shiv Sena kept guessing  
Watch: BJP will decide what to do on NCP offer: RSS
State leaders felt the party should have an alliance with the Sena but in a revised format. Sources said the Sena has certain demands, including the deputy chief minister’s position, one-third of ministerial berths with key portfolios and a promise that the BJP-led government will not split Maharashtra to create Vidarbha state.
 
They said the Shiv Sena wanted a plum share in government in line with a formula the two parties have had in place since the first time they ruled together between 1995 and 1999. The BJP rejected the formula and sought a deal under which the Shiv Sena will get a share based on its strength.
 
Under the old formula – which was also adopted by successive Congress-Nationalist Congress Party governments in the past 15 years -- the chief minister’s post goes to the party with more seats while important ministries such as home, finance, rural development, public health go to the second-largest party.
 
“Even our MLAs want us to forge an alliance with the Sena on a condition that they do not suffer at the hands of the ex-ally’s arrogant ways. Even grassroot workers from both parties who fought each other in the elections are ready to patch up in view of their old association,” said a leader who is part of the state’s core committee.
 

China s expected decadal growth likely to sl...You are here: Home > Collections > China
China's growth likely to slow, says research group
AP Oct 21, 2014, 12.09AM IST
Tags:
China
(China's economic growth…)
NEW YORK: China's economic growth will decelerate to 4 per cent a year between 2020 to 2025, well below widespread expectations of steady 7 per cent to 8 per cent growth over the next decade, a business research group predicted.
The Conference Board forecast today that China will endure a rockier-than-expected transition from fast growth based on exports and massive investment in factories and real estate to a slower but steadier economy based on increased spending by Chinese consumers.
"This adjustment process will necessarily be painful," the report warned. "The full transition of China's economic growth model is likely to be a long slog."
Chinese officials have acknowledged that the transition will require tough choices, such as reducing government loans to inefficient but politically connected companies. But they have been slow to act, the Conference Board said.
"China's leaders have forestalled needed structural adjustments" by rolling out stimulus measures whenever the economy starts to sputter, the report said.
The government is aiming for growth of 7.5 per cent this year, well below peak growth of 14 per cent in 2007.
The Conference Board said that US and other foreign companies can benefit in some ways from more moderate growth in China.
It will be easier to attract skilled Chinese workers, who will increasingly value steady employment instead of jumping from company to company in search of higher pay as they could in the boom years.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rajasthan ambulance operations case: CM gives nod to CBI enquiry against Gehlot  SachinComments
Rajasthan chief minister Vasundhara Raje on Monday gave the nod for recommending a CBI inquiry into a case of irregularities in 108-ambulance operations in which former CM Ashok Gehlot, state Congress chief Sachin Pilot and a number of senior Congress leaders are named as accused. The Rajasthan home department will now write to the agency for investigating the matter.
The FIR was filed at the Ashok Nagar police station in June this year on the basis of a police probe into a complaint filed by former Jaipur mayor Pankaj Joshi. Joshi had alleged that there were financial irregularities to the tune of R2.56 crore in the operations of 108-ambulance. He alleged the previous Congress government had favoured Ziqitza healthcare limited to run the ambulance services in the state and that the company was overpaid.
Joshi alleged the company was hired in a non-transparent manner to provide the service under National Rural Health Mission due to its strong political connections. The case was filed under sections 420 (cheating), 467, 468, 471 and 120B of the IPC and the matter handed over to the crime investigation department (CID) of the state police.
The case also named state former Rajasthan health minister AA Khan, Karti Chidambaram (son of former Union minister P Chidambaram), Ravi Krishna (son of former Union minister Vayalar Ravi), Shafi Mather former secretary of Rahul Gandhi and Shweta Mangal, then CEO of Ziqitza healthcare limited.

Harriet Baskas / for TODAYEmail
Harriet Baskas / for TODAY
Pillows spelling out LOVE were part of the celebrations marking the lifting of the Wright Amendment at Dallas Love Field on Monday, October 13.
There’s plenty for deal-seeking passengers to love about the recent expiration of the Wright Amendment at Dallas Love Field.
Enacted in 1980, the federal rule hoped to foster growth at the then-still-new Dallas/Ft. Worth International Airport by, among other things, banning long-haul flights from originating at the older and smaller Love Field, just 20 miles away.
For years, flights from Love Field could only land at other Texas cities, although the rule was later relaxed to allow non-stop flights to states bordering Texas, including New Mexico, Oklahoma, Louisiana and Arkansas.
But as of last week, long-haul flights to anywhere from Love Field are allowed. That means “more competition, more choices and, inevitably, better fares for travelers heading to and from Dallas,” said Henry Harteveldt, a travel industry analyst with Atmosphere Research.
On the competition and choices front, the change was immediate: last Monday, Southwest Airlines launched seven long-distance routes from Love Field (to Denver, Chicago Midway, Baltimore, Washington (DCA), Las Vegas, Los Angeles and Orlando.) Eight more destinations will be added in November and two more in January 2015.
“After 43 years, when it comes to Southwest and Love, we ain’t no Virgin,” said Southwest CEO and Chairman Gary Kelly, referencing Virgin America’s Monday switchover of service from DFW to Love Field.
FareCompare
Virgin America now offers three daily nonstop flights from DAL to DCA, LAX and SFO, and starting October 28th, it will have four daily nonstop from DAL to New York's LaGuardia Airport.  
“I have enormous respect for Southwest,” said Virgin Group Founder Richard Branson after Virgin America’s Monday first flight to Love Field, “but we’ll give them a run for the money.”
United Airlines, which operates two of Love Field’s 20 gates, has plans to add additional flights as well. “We successfully compete with Southwest and Virgin America on routes across the country and welcome the competition,” at Love Field, said United Airlines spokeswoman Mary Clark.
All this competition should translate into great deals for passengers at Love Field and at DFW, where American Airlines will likely match any fare cuts on competing route.
At least for a while.
The window for using the celebratory discount codes and booking the kick-off sale fares on both Virgin America and Southwest have already expired. But going forward, “airfares will drop on average from 5 percent to 20 percent from both airports on competing routes,” said Rick Seaney, CEO and co-founder of Fare Compare.
Data compiled by FareCompare shows average roundtrip fares (purchased 30 days in advance) between Love Field and BWI were $255 before full repeal of the Wright Amendment and $201 after. Flights to LAX also dropped, from an average of $285 to $259 and, from $378 to $206 between Love Field and DCA.
“The marketing departments and American, Virgin America & Southwest are going to wage weekly skirmishes on all their new nonstop routes from Love Field for at least 8 months, until summer hits,” said Seaney, who predicts the airlines will soon start tossing in loyalty bonuses on the new routes as well.  
Tags:

Bangalore: Marathon runners take wrong turn  take bus to finish lineprint
A marathon ended in farce in Bangalore after the pilot car overshot a turn, forcing the top three runners to take a long detour before abandoning the race -- and taking a bus to the finish line.
The leaders, who missed the U-turn at the 16km-mark, ran four extra kilometres before officials finally stopped them and told them they had taken the wrong route, a newspaper reported on Monday.
Realising they had no chance of recovering ground, the three abandoned the 42-km race in the southern city of Bangalore on Sunday and  borrowed money from spectators to take a bus to the finishing line.
"There were no officials on the road where we were supposed to take the U-turn," one of the runners, Inderjit Patel, told the Times of India. "We were just following the pilot car."
"It was too late when we were told what had happened. There was no point continuing the race. I am not bothered about missing the prize money, but disappointed that we had to suffer this humiliation."
Race organisers admitted the mistake and apologised. But there were other screw-ups in the race, which was flagged off by Olympic gold medallist and multiple world champion distance runner Haile Gebrselassie of Ethopia.
Runners had to line up at the start behind a row of heavy-set security guards who were slow to get out of the way when the flag went down, causing many competitors to trip over them.

Govt moves to issue Ordinance for e-auction of coal minesComments
The government plans to put up coal mines for bidding by private steel, power and cement companies and introduce changes in the law to enable commercial mining in the future, signalling its intent to fully open the sector to private players.
The new auction-based system will replace the earlier controversial policy of allotting coal blocks based on recommendations of a panel of bureaucrats, which the Supreme Court had struck down last month as arbitrary. The Court had cancelled 214 blocks allotted since 1993, a move that threatened a nascent economic recovery.
Read: Gold import curbs could be back after Diwali
The measures, announced on Monday by finance minister Arun Jaitley and coal and power minister Piyush Goyal, follow close on the heels of labour and fuel sector reforms and are likely to go down well with markets.
“The Cabinet has recommended promulgation of an Ordinance to the President in order to resolve the pending issues particularly the situation arising out of the Supreme Court judgement quashing the allocation of the coal blocks,” Jaitley told a press conference after a cabinet meeting that approved the decision.
Currently only steel, power and cement companies are allowed to own mines for their own use. But in the future there could be commercial use of mines, a move that would enable private companies to get into trading coal and break the monopoly of public sector monolith Coal India.
“There will be an enabling provision for the future where under rules which are framed for commercial users of mines could also be decided by the Central government. This would lead to an optimal utilisation of the natural resource,” Goyal said. He added that power prices could fall as a result.
Jaitley vehemently denied a suggestion whether the process could be termed as “de-nationalisation” of the coal sector saying, “The original Nationalisation Act remains and will remain and Coal India Ltd will be fully protected.”
The government will allot mines directly to state-owned companies like NTPC and state electricity boards, and only companies incorporated in India will be allowed to participate in bids.
“The actual users of coal in the cement, steel and power sectors who apply for a certain number of coal mines will be put in the pool and there would be an e-auction. A sufficient and adequate number of mines would be put so that actual users go back with the mines,” Jaitley said.
“The entire mess that the UPA had left behind from 2005 onwards over the next four months would be cleaned up,” he said, adding coal worth $20 billion (about Rs. 1.26 lakh crore) which was being imported annually would be domestically substituted through this measure.
Coal-rich states Jharkhand, Odisha, West Bengal and Chhattisgarh, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra and Andhra Pradesh would make big fiscal gains from the auctions, a fact that could endear the ruling BJP to the electorate in any of those states going to assembly polls in the next few years.
India’s estimated coal reserves now stand at 301 billion tonnes, the fifth highest in the world, but companies still have to import as large number of mines remain unused.
More than half of India’s power is produced from coal. State-owned Coal India, accounts for nearly 80% of the country’s coal output, but it isn’t enough to meet India’s rising energy demand.
India’s coal imports jumped more than three times in the last eight years—from 41.2 million tonnes in 2005-06 to 140.6 million tonnes in 2012-13.
The previous UPA government had come a under relentless attack after India’s national auditor Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) in a report in 2012 suggested that the arbitrary allocation of coalfields may have robbed the exchequer of potential revenues of Rs. 1.86 lakh crore between 2004 and 2011.
“We sincerely hope that benefits of the auction of coal blocks will go to actual users and percolate down to the consumers. At the same time, we also caution the government to weave in necessary parameters and safeguards to ensure these benefits reach the ultimate consumers,” Congress spokesperson Randeep Singh Surjewala said.
 

Sensex vaults 321 pts on fuel reforms  BJP wins in state pollsSensex vaults 321 points on diesel deregulation
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, October 20, 2014
First Published: 10:09 IST(20/10/2014) | Last Updated: 00:24 IST(21/10/2014)
Comments
Diwali came early to Dalal Street on Monday with both the Sensex and Nifty marking their biggest daily gains in more than one week after the Narendra Modi government's energy reforms led to a rally in shares of oil retailers, while wins by the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) in Maharashtra and Haryana assembly elections raised expectations of more reforms.
The 30-share BSE Sensex rose 21.32 points, or 1.23%, to 26,429.8. The broader Nifty surged 99.70 points, or 1.28%, to end at 7,879.40.
Hindustan Petroleum jumped 7.4%, Bharat Petroleum rose 4.5%, while Indian Oil gained 3.8%.
Auto stocks also moved higher, as removal of price controls on diesel is seen helping demand for cars. Maruti Suzuki India gained 2%, Ashok Leyland ended up 2.1% and Mahindra and Mahindra rose 0.6%.
The International Monetary Fund further raised sentiment by predicting that India is poised to become a $2-trillion economy this year, with its GDP size crossing $3 trillion in 2019.
"The gods are really smiling on India this time," said Nandan Chakraborty of Axis Capital. "Macro factors such as rains, low crude prices have been very helpful. But, the government has also shown intent by going ahead with reforms."
Recently, global crude oil and other commodity prices have fallen to four-year lows, which may change India's twin deficits favourably, given that the country is a net commodity importer.
"The markets are reacting to GDP expansion and the improved prospects from exports," said Shankar Sharma of securities firm First Global. "Software, pharma and auto are still the main factors that will pull the Indian economy," he told HT over the phone from Dubai.
Foreign brokerages are also upbeat on India's prospects (see graphic). "Investor sentiment is likely to improve as the government is seen as more reform-oriented," a Nomura report said.
"The Modi administration has embarked on one of its biggest reforms over the weekend to modernise the economy," said Mole Hau of BNP Paribas.

Hyderabad: Madrassa teacher detained for molesting African studentComments
A madrassa teacher was taken into custody on Monday for allegedly molesting a female student from Africa at Banjara Hills in Hyderabad, police said.
The 21-year-old victim, a national of the Republic of Congo, was allegedly molested by one Abdullah on Sunday night, Banjara Hills police inspector P Murali Krishna said.
"The accused apparently had an argument with the complainant, a student at a local educational institute, over the way she was dressed," the Inspector said based on a complaint lodged by the student on Monday.
Following the complaint, police booked a case under section 354 A (sexual harassment) and 354 (assault or criminal force to woman with intent to outrage her modesty) of the IPC, assistant commissioner of police, Banjara Hills (Division) M Ramesh Reddy told PTI.
"Abudullah has been taken into custody and is being interrogated. He will be produced before a court tomorrow (Tuesday)," the ACP said.
Further probe into the case is on.

Maharashtra Assembly: We are in no hurry  Sena can join but without pre-conditions  says BJPComments
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) is in no hurry to form a government in Maharashtra, hoping to wear down its former ally, the Shiv Sena, into offering unconditional support as political negotiations over who will rule the state gathered momentum on Monday.
 
Speculation swirled about whether the BJP would join hands with the National Congress Party (NCP), which has already offered outside support, or turn to the Shiv Sena, with whom it snapped a 25-year-old alliance days before the assembly election.
Maharashtra BJP workers celebrate their election victory outside the party office in Nariman Point in Mumbai. (Vijayanand Gupta/HT Photo)
Read: Sena hopes for best, ready for worst
Though the BJP is 22 seats short of a majority in the 288-member assembly, it has an upper hand in negotiations with future allies because it is the single largest party with 123 seats compared with the Shiv Sena’s 63 seats. However, it still needs to team up with one of the opposition parties for a majority of 145.
“Our primary aim is to run the government without the Sena’s support,” said a senior BJP leader. “We are in no hurry. If the Sena wants, it may join us but without any condition.”
 
The BJP has not yet decided on accepting the NCP’s offer, but it has begun talks with smaller parties and independents who together have 19 seats. Party sources said they would get the support of at least 16, taking its tally to 139. Two each from the All India Majlis-E-Ittehadul Muslimeen (AIMIM) and Samajwadi Party may even stay neutral.
All possibilities, including the extension of President’s Rule or poaching a group of MLAs from other parties are also being considered, they added.
Read: Congress asked us to jointly back Sena: Sharad Pawar
 
The BJP kept its suitors waiting as Prime Minister Narendra Modi and party president Amit Shah met union transport minister Nitin Gadkari on Monday, sparking speculation in party circles that they wanted him to take over as chief minister.
 
Party MLAs are likely to meet in Mumbai on Tuesday to select their chief ministerial candidate. State party chief Devendra Fadnavis, the 44-year-old fourth-term MLA from Nagpur, still looked like a front-runner for the top job. He is seen as having an edge because he has the backing of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) and has a clean image.
Read: RSS says it's up to BJP to decide on accepting NCP offer, Shiv Sena kept guessing  
Watch: BJP will decide what to do on NCP offer: RSS
State leaders felt the party should have an alliance with the Sena but in a revised format. Sources said the Sena has certain demands, including the deputy chief minister’s position, one-third of ministerial berths with key portfolios and a promise that the BJP-led government will not split Maharashtra to create Vidarbha state.
 
They said the Shiv Sena wanted a plum share in government in line with a formula the two parties have had in place since the first time they ruled together between 1995 and 1999. The BJP rejected the formula and sought a deal under which the Shiv Sena will get a share based on its strength.
 
Under the old formula – which was also adopted by successive Congress-Nationalist Congress Party governments in the past 15 years -- the chief minister’s post goes to the party with more seats while important ministries such as home, finance, rural development, public health go to the second-largest party.
 
“Even our MLAs want us to forge an alliance with the Sena on a condition that they do not suffer at the hands of the ex-ally’s arrogant ways. Even grassroot workers from both parties who fought each other in the elections are ready to patch up in view of their old association,” said a leader who is part of the state’s core committee.
 

HCL Tech quarterly profit up 32%  shares fallHCL Tech quarterly profit up 32%, shares fall
Reuters  Mumbai, October 17, 2014
First Published: 14:20 IST(17/10/2014) | Last Updated: 14:46 IST(17/10/2014)
Comments
HCL Technologies Ltd, India's fourth-largest software services exporter, posted a 32% rise in quarterly net profit, beating estimates, as sales in the Americas, the company's biggest market, rose.
Shares in HCL Technologies, however, fell more than 8% on Friday, as the technology outsourcing company's revenue growth of 12.8% in dollar terms was below street expectations, stock market dealers said.
For most IT services companies, analysts and investors track the dollar sales numbers as clients oversees get billed in that currency.
HCL earned Rs. 1,873 crore ($303.44 million) in profit in the September quarter, compared to Rs. 1,416 crore last year. Analysts, on average, were expecting the profit to be at Rs. 1,729 crore, as per Thomson Reuters data.
HCL relies heavily on contracts to manage data centres and networks for revenue growth, whereas peers Tata Consultancy Services Ltd and Infosys Ltd earn a greater proportion of revenue from higher-margin software services.

Rupee up 19 paise against US dollar in early tradeRupee up 19 paise against US dollar in early trade
PTI  Mumbai, October 17, 2014
First Published: 10:52 IST(17/10/2014) | Last Updated: 11:06 IST(17/10/2014)
Comments
The rupee recovered from a seven-month low by appreciating 19 paise to 61.64 against the US dollar in early trade on Friday at the Interbank Foreign Exchange on selling of the American currency by exporters and banks.
Forex dealers said besides fresh selling of the American currency by exporters and banks, a higher opening in the domestic equity markets supported the rupee but dollar's strength against other currencies overseas, capped the gains.
The Indian rupee had plunged by 42 paise to close at a seven-month low of 61.83 against the Greenback on Thursday on heavy capital outflows and a spike in demand for the US dollar.
Meanwhile, the benchmark BSE Sensex recovered by 71.37 points, or 0.27%, to 26,070.71 in early trade on Friday.

Pot-Infused Halloween Candy Is a Worry in ColoradoThe Denver Police Department has  issued a PSA on its Facebook page warning parents about marijuana-infused trick-or-treat candy. 
Advertisement
"With Halloween fast approaching, Colorado citizens are in a unique position in the country, watching our kid's candy for marijuana edibles," a Denver Police statement said.
The video , shot inside of a pot shop called the  Urban Dispensary , shows how the pot-laced candy is indistinguishable from name-brand candy.
"There is really no way a child or a parent or even an expert in the field to tell you whether a product is infused or not," said Patrick Johnson, the owner of Urban Dispensary in Denver. 
The police department recommends parents throw away candy with tampered-with wrappers or from unrecognizable sources.  Since Jan. 1 , people have been able to buy pot in Colorado for recreational use. 
Here is the PSA video from the Denver Police Department:

Reform measure GST roll-out likely in April 2016Comments
India’s biggest tax reform initiative — the Goods and Services Tax (GST) — could see a staggered implementation, starting with a nationwide unified tax system for goods from April 2016 and extended to services later.
India is currently fragmented into several disjoint markets, with each state levying a different set of taxes on goods and services.
If implemented, the GST can dramatically alter the tax administration by replacing this string of central and state levies such as excise, value-added tax and octroi with a single unified tax, thereby creating a common national market.
Under the new system, the Centre and the states will tax goods at identical rates and split the revenue equally. For instance, if 20% is the agreed rate on a certain product, the Centre and states will collect 10% each.
The same model will apply for services. Under current laws, only the union government taxes services.
Sources told HT the government is likely to introduce in the winter session of Parliament the Constitution amendment bill that will lay out the roadmap for GST’s implementation, first for products and later for services.
Implementation of the tax reform has been politically contentious with states fearing GST could rob them of fiscal powers and tax revenue.
For example, Maharashtra earns more than Rs. 13,000 crore annually from octroi while Gujarat, a highly industrialized state, gets about Rs. 5,000 crore from its share of the central sales tax (CST). Agrarian states such as Punjab and Haryana also earn more than Rs. 2,000 crore from purchase tax.
All these states fear they will lose these revenues once the GST is introduced.
Most states also want petroleum and liquor to be kept out of the new tax regime.
The Centre will likely offer a fresh Rs. 35,000-crore plan spread over three years after phasing out CST — a proportion of which goes to the states — to compensate them for revenue losses, sources said.
Over the last few years, the government has gradually brought down CST from 4% to 2% as a precursor to rolling out GST.  As an interim measure, the Centre has also periodically compensated state governments for revenue losses.
The first installment – Rs. 14,000 crore — of the new CST compensation plan is likely to be paid this financial year itself, with the balance over the next two years, sources said.
Last month, Prime Minister Narendra Modi and finance minister Arun Jaitley along with top finance ministry officials discussed in detail the current status of the proposed indirect tax system.
A robust country-wide information technology (IT) network and infrastructure to make the implementation seamless across state boundaries is also expected to be ready by April 2016.   

All 5 convicts get life in jail for Dhaula Kuan gangrapeComments
A Delhi court on Monday sentenced five men to life imprisonment for abducting and gangraping a call centre worker about four years ago, a sensational case that first drew attention to safety of women working late shifts in the city.
The gang rape of the 30-year-old woman, known as the Dhaula Kuan gang rape, transfixed the city for weeks and was one of the first cases that highlighted growing sexual violence against women in Delhi, where thousands of women work in call centres.
Additional sessions judge Virender Bhat also imposed a Rs. 50,000 fine on Usman, Shamshad, Shahid, Iqbal and Kamruddin to be paid to the woman to compensate for the trauma.The judge said the fine will be handed over to the rape survivor who was traumatised into leaving her lucrative job after the incident.
While the verdict was being read out, Shahid lost consciousness and had trouble breathing. He was taken away to the medics by police. His family had a breakdown outside the courtroom as they watched him being taken away.
The judge's order on the sentence echoed the words of the public prosecutor Satwinder Kaur who had urged the court to hand out the maximum punishment of life imprisonment, saying the men had a criminal record.
The court agreed with Kaur, saying "rape is a serious blow to the honour and dignity of the victim". It added that "a liberal attitude shown towards the offenders, particularly rape convicts by imposing meagre sentences or taking a sympathetic view merely on account of family background ....is against the societal interest".
Police say the men abducted the woman on November 24, 2010 while she was walking home with a colleague near Dhaula Kuan after being dropped off by an office cab after midnight.
They grabbed the women, threatened them with a country-made pistol and tried to force them into their vehicle, but the victim’s friend managed to escape after a brief struggle and call police. The five men drove to west Delhi’s Mangolpuri where they took turns raping her and then dumped her on an isolated road.
After the incident, Delhi Police ordered call centres in the NCR to drop female employees home safely and provide them security while travelling at night. The department also instructed PCR vans to be visible on roads and one officer to remain outside every such vehicle at all times.
Defence counsel Amit Srivastava told the court his client, Usman, had an alibi for the night: he was at a hospital for his youngest daughter’s birth. The judge dismissed the submission, saying it was "too late in the day to raise a fresh alibi".
The defence had also requested that the time served by the convicts -- nearly four years -- should be taken into account during the sentencing and they should be released at the earliest as the men were the sole bread winners for their families.

Derailed: Canadian Pacific  CSX deal nixedCanadian Pacific, CSX end merger talks
By: Kevin McCoy October 20, 2014 11:22 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Shares of CSX ( CSX ) and Canadian Pacific ( CP ) fell Monday after the rail companies ended talks over a proposed $62 billion merger, dashing plans to create a consolidated freight-hauling giant.
No further talks are planned in the proposed tie-up that was proposed earlier this month by Calgary- and New York City-based Canadian Pacific and spurned by Jacksonville, Fla.-based CSX.
CSX is the third-largest U.S. rail company. Canadian Pacific is Canada’s second largest railroad operator. Had the two sides agreed on a deal, the merger would have surpassed the 2010 $26 billion purchase of Burlington Northern Sante Fe railroad by Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway.
CSX shares closed down just over 1% Monday at $33.51. Canadian Pacific closed down more than 1.5% at $196.43.
No reason for the breakoff was announced. However, Canadian Pacific issued a statement that said “regulatory concerns appear to be a major deterrent for many railroads considering combinations.”
Nonetheless, the company added: “CP believes that given the right structure between the right players, and having thoughtful considerations and remedies to address shipper concerns, regulatory approvals are achievable.”
Canadian Pacific said the North American rail industry faces the challenges of moving more freight than ever, along with “the prospect of moving even more as oil production, crop yields and consumer demand grow alongside the economy.”
“CP is convinced that the significant problems that beset the industry now will only worsen over time if solutions aren’t put in place immediately,” the company said. “A pro-competition, customer friendly, safety-focused railway combination is one such solution that could not be ignored on its merits by regulators.”
Canadian Pacific CEO E. Hunter Harrison scheduled a Tuesday conference call to discuss railroad industry mergers and acquisitions and North American transportation policy.
“He seems to think that if the right rails got together, this might address the regulatory concerns,” David Tyerman, an analyst at Canaccord Genuity Corp. in Toronto, said in a Bloomberg News interview. “He’s not letting go and is hoping to advance the agenda.”
 

Maharashtra polls: We re in no hurry  Sena can join but without pre-conditions  says BJPComments
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) is in no hurry to form a government in Maharashtra, hoping to wear down its former ally, the Shiv Sena, into offering unconditional support as political negotiations over who will rule the state gathered momentum on Monday.
 
Speculation swirled about whether the BJP would join hands with the National Congress Party (NCP), which has already offered outside support, or turn to the Shiv Sena, with whom it snapped a 25-year-old alliance days before the assembly election.
Maharashtra BJP workers celebrate their election victory outside the party office in Nariman Point in Mumbai. (Vijayanand Gupta/HT Photo)
Read: Sena hopes for best, ready for worst
Though the BJP is 22 seats short of a majority in the 288-member assembly, it has an upper hand in negotiations with future allies because it is the single largest party with 123 seats compared with the Shiv Sena’s 63 seats. However, it still needs to team up with one of the opposition parties for a majority of 145.
“Our primary aim is to run the government without the Sena’s support,” said a senior BJP leader. “We are in no hurry. If the Sena wants, it may join us but without any condition.”
 
The BJP has not yet decided on accepting the NCP’s offer, but it has begun talks with smaller parties and independents who together have 19 seats. Party sources said they would get the support of at least 16, taking its tally to 139. Two each from the All India Majlis-E-Ittehadul Muslimeen (AIMIM) and Samajwadi Party may even stay neutral.
All possibilities, including the extension of President’s Rule or poaching a group of MLAs from other parties are also being considered, they added.
Read: Congress asked us to jointly back Sena: Sharad Pawar
 
The BJP kept its suitors waiting as Prime Minister Narendra Modi and party president Amit Shah met union transport minister Nitin Gadkari on Monday, sparking speculation in party circles that they wanted him to take over as chief minister.
 
Party MLAs are likely to meet in Mumbai on Tuesday to select their chief ministerial candidate. State party chief Devendra Fadnavis, the 44-year-old fourth-term MLA from Nagpur, still looked like a front-runner for the top job. He is seen as having an edge because he has the backing of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) and has a clean image.
Read: RSS says it's up to BJP to decide on accepting NCP offer, Shiv Sena kept guessing  
Watch: BJP will decide what to do on NCP offer: RSS
State leaders felt the party should have an alliance with the Sena but in a revised format. Sources said the Sena has certain demands, including the deputy chief minister’s position, one-third of ministerial berths with key portfolios and a promise that the BJP-led government will not split Maharashtra to create Vidarbha state.
 
They said the Shiv Sena wanted a plum share in government in line with a formula the two parties have had in place since the first time they ruled together between 1995 and 1999. The BJP rejected the formula and sought a deal under which the Shiv Sena will get a share based on its strength.
 
Under the old formula – which was also adopted by successive Congress-Nationalist Congress Party governments in the past 15 years -- the chief minister’s post goes to the party with more seats while important ministries such as home, finance, rural development, public health go to the second-largest party.
 
“Even our MLAs want us to forge an alliance with the Sena on a condition that they do not suffer at the hands of the ex-ally’s arrogant ways. Even grassroot workers from both parties who fought each other in the elections are ready to patch up in view of their old association,” said a leader who is part of the state’s core committee.
 

Govt ends stalemate in coal sector; announces e-auction of minesArun Jaitley
(Finance Minister Arun Jaitley…)
NEW DELHI: Looking to end uncertainty in coal block allocation, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Monday said that the government will offer a pool of coal mines to private players via e-auction process. The Cabinet recommended promulgation of an Ordinance to facilitate e-auction of coal blocks for private companies for captive use and allot mines directly to state and central PSUs.
The move comes against the backdrop of the Supreme Court last month quashing allocation of 214 coal blocks to various companies since 1993.
Stating that power, steel, cement sectors were going to suffer because of non-functioning of coal mines whose allocation was cancelled by the Supreme Court, Jaitley said, "The entire mess left by the UPA will be cleaned up in the next 3-4 months."
"The Cabinet has recommended promulgation of an Ordinance to the President in order to resolve the pending issues particularly the situation arising out of the Supreme Court judgement quashing the allocation of the coal blocks," Jaitley said.
For state requirements, coal mines will be allocated to state-owned organizations like NTPC and state electricity boards. However, for private consumption a pool of mines will be thrown open to auction. "E-auction of coal mines will be for actual users of steel, cement and power for private sector firms," he said.
"The proceeds of these auctions will go entirely to the state government where the mines are located. State governments will benefit from the revenue generation through e-auctions, the central government will not get any share from the proceeds," Jaitley said.
"Since most of these mines are located in the eastern states, such as Jharkhand, West Bengal, Orissa, Chattisgarh - they will be the biggest beneficiaries of the auctions. This will lead to the financial empowerment of eastern states," Jaitley explained. States like Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra and Andhra Pradesh would also benefit.
According to Jaitley this will also help solve the government's goal of providing employment and enhancing the manufacturing sector. "Lakhs of people will get employment in these mines. The operation of these mines will also give a boost to the manufacturing sector," Jaitley said.
Jaitley said the auction process would be "transparent" adding coal worth $20 billion which was being imported annually would be domestically substituted through this measure.
Jaitley went on to clarify that the process of offering mines to private players will not impact the structure of Coal India. "All mining requirements of Coal India both for present and future will be adequately protected," he said. "This is not de-nationalisation of coal mining, the original 1973 Coal Nationalisation Act remains," Jaitley clarified.
The government has not set a timeline for implementing a new policy that will open up its coal industry to commercial mining by private firms as and when required, Jaitley said. Jaitley said only Indian companies will be allowed to undertake commercial mining.
(With inputs from PTI & Reuters)
FEATURED ARTICLES

BJP keeps Sena in suspense  Fadnavis front-runners for CM s post | Full coverageChief Minister
(BJP goes ahead with government-formation…)
NEW DELHI: BJP appears to have decided to keep Shiv Sena in suspense while going ahead with government-formation with the unconditional backing of NCP as Devendra Fadnavis emerged the front-runner in Maharashtra and Manohar Lal Khattar in Haryana for the post of chief minister.
Hectic consultations marked the day starting with discussions on Maharashtra between BJP chief Amit Shah and Union Minister Nitin Gadkari, who hails from the state, on the strategy to be adopted in the wake of unsolicited support from rival NCP.
Shah drove down to Gadkari's residence and spent some 45 minutes there and the two worked out their further strategy on government-formation in Maharashtra where the party fell short of a majority.
Maharashtra, where the party has fallen short of majority by 22 seats in the 288-member Assembly, presented a strange problem for BJP which has to decide on whether to completely dump its 25-year-old saffron partner Shiv Sena and tacitly take NCP's support.
While BJP broke its alliance with Shiv Sena before the elections, Prime Minister Narendra Modi had launched a blistering attack on NCP during the election campaign but spared Shiv Sena.
The ego clash that had sparked off the split in the saffron alliance in Maharashtra appears to be playing a role in the post-poll scenario too, say BJP sources.
The party is believed to be okay with NCP's support and will go ahead and stake claim to form the government after electing its leader of the BJP Legislature Party tomorrow.
There is a view in the party that it is not necessary for BJP to produce the majority before government formation.
Though there was speculation of a back-channel talk between the two sides, there was no confirmation if such an exercise was on. In the midst of all this, the name of BJP's Maharashtra chief Devendra Fadnavis emerged as the possible choice for the Chief Minister's post overcoming challenge from other veterans including Eknath Khadse and Vinod Tawde . Amit Shah's meeting with Gadkari raised speculation that the Union Minister was in the race but it appeared to be ruled out by party insiders.
The election of Legislature Party leaders in both the states could not take place today in view of the fact that Union Ministers Rajnath Singh (observer for Maharashtra) and M Venkaiah Naidu (for Haryana) were in the capital till late in the night for a cabinet meeting, followed by a meeting of the Council of Ministers.
In Haryana, BJP was faced with the issue of whether to have a Jat or a non-Jat as Chief Minister. The name of Khattar, who has the backing of RSS, was doing the rounds as the possible choice for the top post.
The fact that he is a Punjabi and a non-Jat adds strength to his claims in a state which has been dominated all along by Jat politics, partymen say.
The others in the race are state BJP chief Rambilas Sharma and Capt Abhimanyu besides some others.
The Haryana hopefuls were in the national capital today and met with top party leaders including Shah.
The party's newly-elected MLAs will meet in Chandigarh tomorrow at noon to elect their leader, who will be the Chief Minister.
"The BJP Legislative Party in Haryana will meet tomorrow at 12 noon at the UT State Guest House to elect its leader. BJP's former president Venkaiah Naidu will be the observer for the meeting," Jagdish Mukhi, BJP's incharge for Haryana, said.
He said it will be up to the new MLAs to elect their leader and the name of the party's chief ministerial candidate will be decided tomorrow who is likely to take oath before Diwali. "We are hopeful of having a chief minister in place ahead of Diwali," he said.
BJP won 47 seats in 90-member Haryana assembly while the party won 122 seats in Maharashtra in the 288-member state Assembly.
FEATURED ARTICLES

IBM plunges 7% on big earnings missIBM shares off 7% after big earnings miss
By: Adam Shell October 20, 2014 7:20 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
AP
Shares of IBM fell sharply Monday after the computer company reported third-quarter earnings that fell well short of analyst expectations.
After the weak profit news broke, IBM shares dropped $13.05, or 7.2%, to $169.00.
The company reported adjusted earnings of $3.68 a share, well below the $4.32 analysts had forecast.
Revenues also came in below expectations.
IBM blamed the weak performance on clients buying less of their services.
“We are disappointed in our performance,” Ginni Rometty, IBM chairman, president and CEO said in a news release. “We saw a marked slowdown in September in client buying behavior, and our results also point to the unprecedented pace of change in our industry. While we did not produce the results we expected to achieve, we again performed well in our strategic growth areas – cloud, data and analytics, security, social and mobile – where we continue to shift our business. We will accelerate this transformation.”
IBM, which is a component in the Dow Jones industrial average, also dragged down the blue-chip index. In early trading the Dow was down about 85 points to 16,295, after being up as much as 50 points in pre-market trading.
Operating (non-GAAP) diluted earnings from continuing operations were $3.68 a share compared with operating diluted earnings of $4.08 a share in the third quarter of 2013, a decrease of 10%, the company reported. Third-quarter net income from continuing operations was $3.5 billion compared with $4.1 billion in the third quarter of 2013, a decrease of 17%.
Total revenues from continuing operations for the third quarter of 2014 of $22.4 billion were down 4% (down 2%, adjusting for the impact of the divested customer care outsourcing business and for currency) from the third quarter of 2013.
 

Terror houses mushroom on government land  NIA widens probeComments
The National Investigative Agency (NIA), probing the Burdwan blast, decided to examine the role of the West Bengal government in the case after discovering houses built on government land by suspected militants.
On October 18, agency sleuths found three houses constructed on approximately one bigha (14,400 sq ft) of land in Muluk village just outside Bolpur, the district headquarters of Birbhum.
Read: NIA faces flak for using teen to find IEDs
"Our primary investigation has revealed that three buildings, where terrorists were running a suspected training centre, came up on a land belonging to the government," a senior NIA official told HT on Monday.
All the occupants - except one, Mithu Sheikh - disappeared after the October 2 blast, and security forces are sure they were active participants in the terror network that Bangladeshi operatives were spreading in Bengal. NIA has arrested Mithu Sheikh and expect to get vital leads from him.
Read: 39 IEDs, explosives recovered in Burdwan house
NIA officers had on Saturday seized, among other things, computers, data cards, and documents related to jihadi teachings, from the houses.
Sources at the block land and land revenue officer (BLLRO) told HT that the land originally belonged to a local zamindar and was vested with the government under the Barga act and was handed over to the tribals. Records show a local cloth merchant forged documents and sold the plot to Mithu Sheikh, Talehar Sheikh and Abdul Mallik - who are now under the NIA radar - in 2011.

The Fed Will Probably Stop Injecting Huge Sums of Money Into the Economy This MonthThe time has come.
Photo by Karen Bleier/AFP/Getty Images
The Federal Reserve is most likely sticking to its plans and taking away Wall Street's favorite punch bowl: the tremendous bond-buying program that began two years ago in an unprecedented effort to stimulate the economy.
A little over a year ago, any notion of winding down the purchases—not to mention stopping them entirely—was too soon for Wall Street. The market threw several " taper tantrums " last spring and summer after then–Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke hinted that the central bank would consider dialing back its stimulus if the economy continued to improve. Now, though, there's much less separation anxiety. The Fed started trimming its asset purchases in January and has slowly been weaning Wall Street off of them ever since.
Advertisement
In an interview with the Wall Street Journal this weekend, Boston Fed President Eric Rosengren said that the Fed will probably adhere to its October timeline for wrapping up the program. "The bond purchase program was started under the context that we needed to make substantial improvement in labor markets," Rosengren said. "Unless my forecast of labor markets changes dramatically between now and the end of the month, I would think that the criteria for substantial improvement of labor markets would have been met."
The September jobs report contained some encouraging news on that front: The economy added 248,000 jobs and unemployment fell below 6 percent for the first time since July 2008. That's not to say the economy is golden—Americans keep leaving the workforce and long-term unemployment remains severe. But as Rosengren pointed out, jobs growth "has been pretty strong over the course of this year," and that seems to be good enough for the Fed.
Alison Griswold is a Slate staff writer covering business and economics.

Maha win will lift growth  boost reforms: FM JaitleyArun Jaitley
(He also said a cut in interest…)
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley is "reasonably confident" that India will meet growth expectations although the monsoon has been patchy and agricultural output may consequently be sluggish. He also said a cut in interest rates could lift growth but added that this was the prerogative of the Reserve Bank of India.
The finance minister told ET NOW in an interview on Monday that he hopes economic activity will pick up in the second half of the fiscal year and that the growth process should percolate downward. India's GDP grew at 5.7 per cent in the April-June quarter, the fastest in more than two years, giving rise to expectations that the economy is set for a revival after two years of expansion at less than 5 per cent. The Economic Survey has projected growth in the current year at 5.4-5.9 per cent.
"Because of a late monsoon I expect the kharif (crop) to be much better," Jaitley said. 'Therefore, even if we may have a more modest second quarter, I do hope there is a better third quarter and fourth quarter."
In his first interview since returning to work after a break for health reasons, the finance minister said the Narendra Modi government's ability to push reforms through in the Rajya Sabha would be enhanced following BJP's recent victories in assembly elections in Maharashtra and Haryana. On the burning political question of the day, Jaitley was circumspect, saying that BJP would take a decision on its course in Maharashtra.
With regard to the seat count in the state, he said, "I would have been happier if we had 20 seats more, do not forget BJP alone did well... The party will take a view but because we are committed to giving a stable government, whatever is the best option in the larger interest of the people of Maharashtra, we will take that view." With regard to interest rates, central bank governor Raghuram Rajan has been resolute in maintaining them even as pricing pressures have eased. Rajan has said it's important to win the inflation battle before relenting on interest rates.
"Well, speaking for myself, I would like the rates to go down and therefore my advice would be that the rates should go down and when the rates start going down, the offtake of credit will increase. There will be a lot of economic activity which will come up," Jaitley said.
"But I do concede to the Reserve Bank its professional decision to do so and I am sure the Reserve Bank is sensitive to this." Falling crude prices have helped the government in its move to free up diesel prices.
"The (previous) UPA government...took a very wise decision to increase the price 50 paise per month so that it comes at par with the market price," Jaitley said, explaining the background to the Modi government's recent diesel decontrol decision.
  "Now as luck would have it, it not only came at par with the market price but the international prices fell and therefore we were able to add a sweetener to the deal, and the sweetener is that the prices actually came down by linking it to the market by Rs 3.36 (per litre) and therefore it is being possible for us to easily market this decision and let the people know the advantage of this decision so it also brings down the subsidy budget."
The easing of global crude prices has helped government finances but there's not much headroom if rates were to spring back up again. "We have been lucky enough to reduce petrol price five times in the past four-five months and, therefore, tomorrow if it were to increase, it increases," Jaitley said.
"I think the department has been sensible enough to keep a little head space, so if there is a little increase then probably (they would) be able absorb it but if there is a substantial increase, of course you will have pass (on) the burden."
The finance minister referred to the budget as a directional document and that reforms could take place outside this as well. He said reform was the "art of the possible" and that there was a difference in carrying out policy changes in developed and developing economies. As far as growth prospects were concerned, manufacturing hasn't been doing too well and credit offtake from banks hasn't been on expected lines, he said. Prime Minister Narendra Modi's 'Make in India' initiative is aimed at giving a boost to manufacturing, thereby creating jobs and lifting growth.
With regard to coal, Jaitley said the time was ripe to get private miners into the sector and the onus was on the government to resolve the situation that has arisen following the cancellation of coal block allocations by the Supreme Court. The finance minister didn't want to be drawn on the question of gold import curbs.
"I do not want to spoil the festival season," he said. "It is only a few days away and therefore after the festival, I will have a re-look at it." Jaitley also referred to the recent fluctuations in equity prices. "There are (a) lot of factors relating to FIIs (foreign institutional investors) which deal with it and therefore markets alone are no indications," he said. "I do not base my optimism or pessimism on the performance of the markets alone." He rejected the notion that he wasn't able to pay adequate attention to the defence portfolio, which he also holds.
"I am conscious of the fact that people call me a part-time defence minister, but I am a fairly decisive defence minister," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Govt to bring in ordinance for e-auction of coal blocks to private firmsComments
The government plans to put up coal mines for bidding by private steel, power and cement companies and introduce changes in the law to enable commercial mining in the future, signalling its intent to fully open the sector to private players.
The new auction-based system will replace the earlier controversial policy of allotting coal blocks based on recommendations of a panel of bureaucrats, which the Supreme Court had struck down last month as arbitrary. The Court had cancelled 214 blocks allotted since 1993, a move that threatened a nascent economic recovery.
Read: Gold import curbs could be back after Diwali
The measures, announced on Monday by finance minister Arun Jaitley and coal and power minister Piyush Goyal, follow close on the heels of labour and fuel sector reforms and are likely to go down well with markets.
“The Cabinet has recommended promulgation of an Ordinance to the President in order to resolve the pending issues particularly the situation arising out of the Supreme Court judgement quashing the allocation of the coal blocks,” Jaitley told a press conference after a cabinet meeting that approved the decision.
Currently only steel, power and cement companies are allowed to own mines for their own use. But in the future there could be commercial use of mines, a move that would enable private companies to get into trading coal and break the monopoly of public sector monolith Coal India.
“There will be an enabling provision for the future where under rules which are framed for commercial users of mines could also be decided by the Central government. This would lead to an optimal utilisation of the natural resource,” Goyal said. He added that power prices could fall as a result.
Jaitley vehemently denied a suggestion whether the process could be termed as “de-nationalisation” of the coal sector saying, “The original Nationalisation Act remains and will remain and Coal India Ltd will be fully protected.”
The government will allot mines directly to state-owned companies like NTPC and state electricity boards, and only companies incorporated in India will be allowed to participate in bids.
“The actual users of coal in the cement, steel and power sectors who apply for a certain number of coal mines will be put in the pool and there would be an e-auction. A sufficient and adequate number of mines would be put so that actual users go back with the mines,” Jaitley said.
“The entire mess that the UPA had left behind from 2005 onwards over the next four months would be cleaned up,” he said, adding coal worth $20 billion (about Rs. 1.26 lakh crore) which was being imported annually would be domestically substituted through this measure.
Coal-rich states Jharkhand, Odisha, West Bengal and Chhattisgarh, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra and Andhra Pradesh would make big fiscal gains from the auctions, a fact that could endear the ruling BJP to the electorate in any of those states going to assembly polls in the next few years.
India’s estimated coal reserves now stand at 301 billion tonnes, the fifth highest in the world, but companies still have to import as large number of mines remain unused.
More than half of India’s power is produced from coal. State-owned Coal India, accounts for nearly 80% of the country’s coal output, but it isn’t enough to meet India’s rising energy demand.
India’s coal imports jumped more than three times in the last eight years—from 41.2 million tonnes in 2005-06 to 140.6 million tonnes in 2012-13.
The previous UPA government had come a under relentless attack after India’s national auditor Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) in a report in 2012 suggested that the arbitrary allocation of coalfields may have robbed the exchequer of potential revenues of Rs. 1.86 lakh crore between 2004 and 2011.
“We sincerely hope that benefits of the auction of coal blocks will go to actual users and percolate down to the consumers. At the same time, we also caution the government to weave in necessary parameters and safeguards to ensure these benefits reach the ultimate consumers,” Congress spokesperson Randeep Singh Surjewala said.
 

Electronics sector to get Rs 5 000 crore inv...Electronics sector to get Rs 5,000 crore investments in 2 to 3 years
PTI Oct 20, 2014, 10.32PM IST
Tags:
electronics
(Burgeoning demand for electronic…)
NEW DELHI: Burgeoning demand for electronic products in India is expected to attract investment worth about Rs 5,000 crore in the sector over the next 2-3 years, industry body India Electronics and Semiconductor Association (IESA) said today.
The boom in sales of electronic goods like mobile phones , tablets and cameras has spurred interest from foreign firms, who are now looking at setting up a manufacturing base to cater to the world's second most populous market.
"The Electronic System and Design Manufacturing (ESDM) sector is expected to attract investment proposals of over Rs 10,000 crore in the next two-three years under M-SIPS and we expect about Rs 5,000 crore to be approved," IESA Chairman Ashok Chandak said here.
He added that his association is playing a significant role in establishing strong relations with ESDM companies of many countries through signing MoUs with the electronics trade bodies.
"IESA has already signed MoU with Taipei Computer Association (TCA) of Taiwan and that with the India Business Support Center (IBSC) of Japan is to be signed soon. Talks have been initiated talks with Singapore, USA and Israel counterparts," Chandak said.
To explore opportunities, the Indian Industry and Department of Electronics and IT (DeitY) delegation to Japan is expected to happen during the last week of October and IESA led visit to Taiwan is scheduled in December, he added.
IESA has also been instrumental in making M-SIPs, a DeitY initiative, attract domestic and global investments into the ESDM space.
Over 40 per cent of the proposals approved/advanced stage of approval under M-SIPs are from IESA member companies, Chandak said adding IESA is also expected to garner more than Rs 10,000 crore investment proposals in the near future.
Till August 22, the government had received 40 applications involving investment of nearly Rs 14,624 crore under MSIPS. Out of this, 16 projects involving investment of Rs 2,230 crore have been approved.
IESA today also announced an initiatives 'Speed Up' to further strengthen Prime Minister Narendra Modi's 'Make in India' initiative. "Investment promotion initiative of IESA will support the government's vision to position India as a manufacturing destination," Chandak said.
While it is evident that the bigger companies will make entries into the Indian manufacturing space, it is the small and medium sized companies from Japan, Taiwan, Singapore and other countries that has potential to join hands with Indian counterparts to make a broader impact, he added.
"We have extended our support to state governments and DeitY with an intent to get the infrastructure ready for 'Make in India'," IESA President M N Vidyashankar said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

17 massive companies tripped up by market17 massive companies tripped up by market
By: Matt Krantz October 20, 2014 12:39 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
Lucasfilm LTD
Investors often assume big “safe” stocks will protect them from market turbulence. But IBM is just the latest example of big stocks that are actually getting tripped up.
There are 17 stocks in the Standard & Poor’s 500, including online retailer Amazon.com (AMZN) , Chevron (CVX) and Google (GOOGL) that are among the most valuable stocks (worth $100 billion or more) that are down 10% or more from their 52-week highs. The bigger they are…
Investors are nervously wondering if the market’s recent troubles will turn into something more serious, like a 10% correction. But some giant stocks – investors figured was money in the bank — are already in correction.
International Business Machines on Monday was the most recent example, as the stock is down $13.26, or 72%, to $168.82 in just one day. Investors have pushed the stock down nearly 15% from its 52-week high on growing disappointment about the company’s profit picture.
But don’t think IBM is the only behemoth to get rough treatment. Many investors might be surprised to find that it’s not just “old-tech” having trouble. Google, thought to be the infallible king of online advertising, is off 14% from its 52-week high of $614.44. Shares are up Monday $6.02, or 1%, to $528.28 but the stock has been reeling since last week’s disappointing results.
And speaking of “new tech,” investors have been souring on online retailer Amazon.com. The stock is down 25% from the 52-week high, trading Monday at $304.52. Amazon’s costly forays into other areas, including smartphones, continue to disappoint investors on the profit line.
It’s not just big tech companies that are struggling. Falling oil prices have been a bummer for the mega energy companies. Take for instance Chevron (CVX), where the stock is down 17% from the 52-week high to $112.05.
Big companies may look unassailable. And there’s a bit truth to that — as shares of large companies tend to hold up much better than those of smaller companies as bull markets age. But even these giants can get tangled up, and when they do, it’s not pretty.
S&P 500 STOCKS VALUED AT $100 BILLION OR MORE THAT ARE DOWN 10% OR MORE FROM 52-WEEK HIGHS
Company

Amaze off top-10 list in Sept  Alto retains ...Tweet
Maruti Suzuki’s Alto held on to the No. 1 spot, despite posting a sequential drop in sales.
NEW DELHI: The Honda Amaze has fallen off the list of India's Top 10 cars by sales for the first time since May, with its September volume falling to less than half from the previous month. Maruti Suzuki's Alto held on to the No. 1 spot, despite posting a sequential drop in sales.
In fact, the top three - all Maruti models - posted lower sales compared with August. Among the rest, only the Maruti WagonR, Hyundai Motor's Elite i20 and Grand i10, and the Honda City have posted higher sales, the last after halting production in the previous month. This clearly indicates subdued demand in sales during the festive season. Overall car sales had fallen in September for the first time since May, brining an unpleasant surprise to the auto industry that had been expecting strong sales this festival season.
Read More: Top 10 selling cars in August
"It's not been as exciting festive season in terms of sales as we expected," said Nikunj Sanghi, top office bearer at the Federation of Automobile Dealers Association and owner of Mahindra & Mahindra dealerships. He expects the trend to linger into October, the main festival month, as well. "The first week of October was one of the worst periods due to a long weekend. Banks were closed almost for a week, transactions were held up and customers postponed buying," he said.
According to Mohit Arora, executive director of marketing information company JD Power Asia Pacific, the industry's estimates had far exceeded ground realities. "We hope that Diwali will prove to be the turning point."
While the compact sedan Amaze has fallen off the list, the car that moved in is also a Honda, the mid-size City sedan. Its sales have increased from August, the only month when it dropped off the list since the launch of the new version in January. Honda had halted production of the City in August to shift its manufacturing to a new plant at Tapukara in Rajasthan. The company said it has cut down on the output of the Amaze to increase the production of the City.
"We have 15,000 units a month (overall) production capacity and we accordingly adjust it. Since we halted production of the City, we had longer waiting period and that's why we increased production of the City and decreased production of Amaze," said Jnaneswar Sen, senior vice president of marketing and sales at Honda Cars India Ltd. "From November, we will increase the capacity to 20,000. Then we hope we will be able to manage much better."
According to him, demand is "very strong" for all models of Honda. "We have already started preparations for adding second shift operations in Tapukara plant which will begin from next month and help us speed up the deliveries. We were able to maximise production of Amaze in August 2014 as production capacity was available with us due to shifting of production location of Honda City in that month," he said.

I am a fairly decisive defence minister: Aru...Arun Jaitley
(Arun Jaitley, who is also…)
NEW DELHI: "I am a fairly decisive defence minister," Arun Jaitley said today against the backdrop of criticism by the opposition parties who have described him as a "part time" Minister.
Jaitley, who is also the Finance Minister, said he was conscious of the fact that people call him a part time defence minister.
"But I am a fairly decisive defence minister," he said in an interview to ET Now channel.
Congress spokesperson Shakeel Ahmed had recently questioned why Prime Minister Narendra Modi was not able to find a Defence Minister from his 283 Members of Parliament.
"We all know that Arun Jaitley is a part-time Defence Minister. Could not a person, who used to talk about the country's security and respect so much before becoming the Prime Minister, find any capable Defence Minister?" he had questioned.
Another Congress spokesperson Anand Sharma had said "It is a matter of concern that India does not have a full time defence minister even though the new government is in place for five months".
FEATURED ARTICLES

More juice left in voice business  says Idea...CEO
(. Though Idea added 4.6 million…)
Idea Cellular, India's No. 3 carrier, reported strong second quarter on year growth, driven by strong user additions and continued growth in data usage. Speaking to ET's Kalyan Parbat, Idea Chief Executive Himanshu Kapania said that there is further scope for growth in the voice and data business given the low penetration levels. Speaking on regulatory issues, Kapania urged the government to accept the regulator's proposal of not holding auctions unless a wider pool of airwaves was available. Edited excerpts:
Q: What drove the results this quarter?
A: One should see the current results in the context of key growth drivers over the past 12 months. Though Idea added 4.6 million subscribers in the July-September quarter, we added as many as 20.5 million customers between October 1, 2013 and September 30, 2014. On-year minutes of usage (MoU) grew 17% while mobile data volumes grew nearly a whopping 126% year-on-year. The ARPM growth metric is also marginally higher year-on-year.
Q: Idea's 2Q growth has been largely triggered by a data volumes surge, whereas voice revenue growth has been somewhat muted. Is that a concern, going forward?
A: True, voice rate realisation has been under pressure this quarter, but Idea believes there's still enough juice in the voice market. This is since the industry has added as many as 71.5 million subscribers on a VLR basis in the past one year, which is double the earlier year's levels, I believe there are adequate growth opportunities in the voice spectrum.
Q: What is Idea Cellular's stance on the regulator's proposal that government mustn't rush into spectrum auctions without fixing the supply bottleneck?
A: We totally agree with Telecom Regulatory Authority's call for boosting spectrum supply before conducting the next auction. It (government) should conduct the next spectrum sale only when it is in a position to put airwaves across 900 MHz, 1800 MHz, 800 MHz and 2100 MHz bands on the auction block. If the supply crunch isn't addressed, it would lead to an auction that isn't equitable and totally unfair, one that would hurt the telecom industry.
Q: Is there enough time for the government to address the spectrum crunch with the Telecom Commission insisting on wrapping up the auction by next February end?
A: That is precisely why the DoT (department of telecom) must heed Trai's views. And I trust the political leadership cutting across telecom, defence and finance ministries will take a collective decision that is in the interest of the industry.
Q: Morgan Stanley pegs Idea's potential regulatory outflows at Rs 16,700 crore for renewing permits in the nine 900 MHz non-metro circles. Will Idea raise funds to meet future auction costs?
A: Idea recently raised Rs 3750 crore through its QIP. We've also cut net debt by Rs 2150 crore, making our net debt to Ebitda ratio very compelling at 1.32, which I believe, would enable the company to enter the auctions from a position of strength.
Q: Since Idea needs 900 MHz spectrum to ensure business continuity and doesn't have fallback 1800 MHz airwaves in four out of the nine non-metro circles where its permits will expire, will it bid aggressively for 900 MHz airwaves held by other operators which will also be on the auction block?
A: As a practice, Idea doesn't disclose its auction strategy.
 
Q: Should DoT provisionally extend the licences that expire in 2015-16 till such time the government has adequate spectrum across bands to put on the auction block?
A: Under NTP-1999, the government had committed to a 20-year licence tenure, extendible by 10 years. To the best of my knowledge, all operators whose licences are completing the initial term in 2015-16 have appealed in Supreme Court for this and the next hearing is likely in November.
FEATURED ARTICLES

China s expected decadal growth likely to slow: StudyYou are here: Home > Collections > China
China's growth likely to slow, says research group
AP Oct 21, 2014, 12.09AM IST
Tags:
China
(China's economic growth…)
NEW YORK: China's economic growth will decelerate to 4 per cent a year between 2020 to 2025, well below widespread expectations of steady 7 per cent to 8 per cent growth over the next decade, a business research group predicted.
The Conference Board forecast today that China will endure a rockier-than-expected transition from fast growth based on exports and massive investment in factories and real estate to a slower but steadier economy based on increased spending by Chinese consumers.
"This adjustment process will necessarily be painful," the report warned. "The full transition of China's economic growth model is likely to be a long slog."
Chinese officials have acknowledged that the transition will require tough choices, such as reducing government loans to inefficient but politically connected companies. But they have been slow to act, the Conference Board said.
"China's leaders have forestalled needed structural adjustments" by rolling out stimulus measures whenever the economy starts to sputter, the report said.
The government is aiming for growth of 7.5 per cent this year, well below peak growth of 14 per cent in 2007.
The Conference Board said that US and other foreign companies can benefit in some ways from more moderate growth in China.
It will be easier to attract skilled Chinese workers, who will increasingly value steady employment instead of jumping from company to company in search of higher pay as they could in the boom years.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Even When They Go to College  the Poor Sometimes Stay PoorGraduation at Arizona State University.
Photo by Joshua Lott/Getty Images
Over the weekend, the Washington Post’s Matt O’Brien published this killer graph that captures just how unequal the economic playing field is for children of the rich and poor. Low-income kids who graduate from college, it shows, have the same odds of ending up at the bottom of the economic ladder by age 40 as high-income children who drop out of high school.
The Washington Post
Unfortunately, the article’s headline—which has been burning up Facebook and Twitter—is misleading. It isn’t true that “poor kids who do everything right don’t do better than rich kids who do everything wrong.” The graph, adopted from a new paper by Brookings researchers, makes that clear. If you’re a low-income kid who graduates from college, you’re much more likely to end up in the top 40 percent of earners than a privileged schmuck who flunked out of 11th grade.
Top Comment
A large part of the difference is probably social connections.   If you're a college graduate from a higher income family, your family can assist you in getting your first job.   More...
-Mathnerd2
Join In
Advertisement
The real issue, as O’Brien points out, is that rich kids enjoy lots of advantages that keep them from falling to the very bottom of income distribution, and sometimes those advantages keep them at the very top. They might be able to go to work for family businesses, for instance, or family friends. Researchers like Brookings’ Richard Reeves call that collection of advantages “ the glass floor .” Educated poor kids are in the exact opposite position. Many attend second- or third-rate (and possibly for-profit) colleges that churn out less-than-useful degrees. And instead of a floor propping them up, their families and friends can act like an anchor pulling them down. A classic example: a college-educated woman who goes home and marries a boyfriend who never made it past high school and has trouble holding down a job.
America’s lack of class mobility is still largely a problem of education. As of now, low-income kids have low high-school graduation rates , rarely go to college, and tend not to finish when they do , all of which keeps them out of the middle class. But education alone isn't the issue—there are plenty of forces that keep rich underachievers rich and poor strivers poor.  
Jordan Weissmann is Slate's senior business and economics correspondent.

BJP may keep Sena away while forming govt in Maharashtra | Full coverageYou are here: Home > Collections > Bjp
BJP may keep Shiv Sena away while forming government in Maharashtra
Rohit Chandavarkar & Vasudha Venugopal, ET Bureau Oct 21, 2014, 10.43AM IST
Tags:
BJP
(If the logjam is not resolved,…)
MUMBAI: BJP could form a new government in Maharashtra without the participation of Shiv Sena as talks with its estranged ally have failed to make much progress, two BJP leaders, including a senior legislator in the running for chief ministership told ET.
If the logjam is not resolved, BJP could form a minority government with the support of independents and smaller parties and the outside support of NCP. The bone of contention was essentially the allocation of ministries, one of the leaders said. While Sena is insisting on an equal division of cabinet berths, BJP is adamant about the application of the so-called 1995 formula in which the senior partner has the right to appoint two-thirds of the cabinet ministers.
"Talks have been happening with Sena since yesterday (Sunday). Sena wants cabinet berths to be divided on a 1:1 ratio, which is unacceptable to us. We have almost double the number of seats and a strong government at the Centre. We are willing to decide on the basis of 2:1 ratio, but some Sena leaders have told us that is not acceptable to them," the BJP leader said.
The newly elected MLAs will meet soon in the presence of central observers Rajnath Singh and JP Nadda and elect the legislative party leader who, in turn, will approach the governor and request time to establish a majority in the House. It's not clear if the meeting will take place on Tuesday. "We will swear in our CM and a cabinet, and then work on getting support in the House," one of the BJP leaders said.
"If Sena is adamant, we have a backup plan, in which case we might form a minority government. But that is only after ruling out talks with Sena," said the other leader. Asked if the government was exploring the possible option of forming a minority government, BJP leader Rajiv Pratap Rudy, who was in charge of the election campaign, told ET that the people of Maharashtra had given BJP the highest numbers and hence the party will form a strong government.
"What we can assure is the formation of a BJP government and the surety of the state getting a BJP chief minister," he said. "We are not even discussing alliances now. It is up to the parliamentary board to decide on the further course of action," Rudy said. He added that central observers Singh and Nadda were expected to be in Mumbai soon, but they may not come on Tuesday.
  The governor can invite the single-largest party in the House to form the government even if it does not enjoy a simple majority and then give that party time to prove majority on the floor, as per the Constitution. Once the government is sworn in, BJP would indicate to Sena that it is open to taking support but without any preconditions, the BJP legislator cited earlier said. BJP's topmost decision-making body, the parliamentary board, had met in New Delhi immediately after the poll results were announced but had shied away from announcing who the party's CM choice would be.
State unit president Devendra Fadnavis, leader of opposition in legislative council Vinod Tawde, opposition leader in the outgoing assembly Eknath Khadse and former state president Sudhir Mungantiwar are touted to be the contenders for the chief minister's post. The BJP MLA in the running for the CM's post said that once the party forms its own government it would not accept any conditions from Sena.
"We would be happy if Sena wants to support us or even participate in the government. But for that, they will have to climb down. They cannot put conditions before joining the government. This has been now decided by the party's state leadership in consultation with the central leaders of BJP," the leader added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Maharashtra win will lift growth  boost reforms: JaitleyArun Jaitley
(He also said a cut in interest…)
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley is "reasonably confident" that India will meet growth expectations although the monsoon has been patchy and agricultural output may consequently be sluggish. He also said a cut in interest rates could lift growth but added that this was the prerogative of the Reserve Bank of India.
The finance minister told ET NOW in an interview on Monday that he hopes economic activity will pick up in the second half of the fiscal year and that the growth process should percolate downward. India's GDP grew at 5.7 per cent in the April-June quarter, the fastest in more than two years, giving rise to expectations that the economy is set for a revival after two years of expansion at less than 5 per cent. The Economic Survey has projected growth in the current year at 5.4-5.9 per cent.
"Because of a late monsoon I expect the kharif (crop) to be much better," Jaitley said. 'Therefore, even if we may have a more modest second quarter, I do hope there is a better third quarter and fourth quarter."
In his first interview since returning to work after a break for health reasons, the finance minister said the Narendra Modi government's ability to push reforms through in the Rajya Sabha would be enhanced following BJP's recent victories in assembly elections in Maharashtra and Haryana. On the burning political question of the day, Jaitley was circumspect, saying that BJP would take a decision on its course in Maharashtra.
With regard to the seat count in the state, he said, "I would have been happier if we had 20 seats more, do not forget BJP alone did well... The party will take a view but because we are committed to giving a stable government, whatever is the best option in the larger interest of the people of Maharashtra, we will take that view." With regard to interest rates, central bank governor Raghuram Rajan has been resolute in maintaining them even as pricing pressures have eased. Rajan has said it's important to win the inflation battle before relenting on interest rates.
"Well, speaking for myself, I would like the rates to go down and therefore my advice would be that the rates should go down and when the rates start going down, the offtake of credit will increase. There will be a lot of economic activity which will come up," Jaitley said.
"But I do concede to the Reserve Bank its professional decision to do so and I am sure the Reserve Bank is sensitive to this." Falling crude prices have helped the government in its move to free up diesel prices.
"The (previous) UPA government...took a very wise decision to increase the price 50 paise per month so that it comes at par with the market price," Jaitley said, explaining the background to the Modi government's recent diesel decontrol decision.
  "Now as luck would have it, it not only came at par with the market price but the international prices fell and therefore we were able to add a sweetener to the deal, and the sweetener is that the prices actually came down by linking it to the market by Rs 3.36 (per litre) and therefore it is being possible for us to easily market this decision and let the people know the advantage of this decision so it also brings down the subsidy budget."
The easing of global crude prices has helped government finances but there's not much headroom if rates were to spring back up again. "We have been lucky enough to reduce petrol price five times in the past four-five months and, therefore, tomorrow if it were to increase, it increases," Jaitley said.
"I think the department has been sensible enough to keep a little head space, so if there is a little increase then probably (they would) be able absorb it but if there is a substantial increase, of course you will have pass (on) the burden."
The finance minister referred to the budget as a directional document and that reforms could take place outside this as well. He said reform was the "art of the possible" and that there was a difference in carrying out policy changes in developed and developing economies. As far as growth prospects were concerned, manufacturing hasn't been doing too well and credit offtake from banks hasn't been on expected lines, he said. Prime Minister Narendra Modi's 'Make in India' initiative is aimed at giving a boost to manufacturing, thereby creating jobs and lifting growth.
With regard to coal, Jaitley said the time was ripe to get private miners into the sector and the onus was on the government to resolve the situation that has arisen following the cancellation of coal block allocations by the Supreme Court. The finance minister didn't want to be drawn on the question of gold import curbs.
"I do not want to spoil the festival season," he said. "It is only a few days away and therefore after the festival, I will have a re-look at it." Jaitley also referred to the recent fluctuations in equity prices. "There are (a) lot of factors relating to FIIs (foreign institutional investors) which deal with it and therefore markets alone are no indications," he said. "I do not base my optimism or pessimism on the performance of the markets alone." He rejected the notion that he wasn't able to pay adequate attention to the defence portfolio, which he also holds.
"I am conscious of the fact that people call me a part-time defence minister, but I am a fairly decisive defence minister," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

SBI to carry on operations in UK despite cra...You are here: Home > Collections
SBI to carry on operations in UK despite crackdown on foreign banks
PTI Oct 20, 2014, 09.11PM IST
Tags:
Crackdown
("Our intention is to continue…)
LONDON: State Bank of India is determined to carry on retail banking operations in the UK despite a recent crackdown by the Bank of England on the operations of foreign-owned banks in the country.
SBI , which has been operating in the UK for 95 years, said it is prepared to set aside 100 million pounds in ring-fenced capital and restructure its operations if that is necessary to keep operating on the high streets.
Mrutyunjay Mahapatra, the UK head of the bank, told 'The Times' newspaper that the bank will keep serving retail customers in Britain as well as open new branches.
"Our intention is to continue to do business in the UK. We have been here for 95 years. We're too deep rooted here," he said.
The Prudential Regulation Authority (PRA) of the Bank of England had recently issued an ultimatum to the British operations of foreign-owned banks taking deposits of more than 100 million pounds to restructure with their own ring-fenced capital or end retail operations.
SBI, which has over 900 million pounds of deposits in Britain, is among those affected.
Bank of Baroda, which has 10 branches in Britain, and Bank of India, with seven, could also be hit.
A consultation launched in February by the PRA, responsible for supervising individual banks, concluded in September.
Under the new rules, banks from outside the European Economic Area ( EEA ) must offer only minimal retail services.
Analysts suggest Isbank of Turkey and Overseas Chinese Banking Corporation of Singapore are also likely to be affected.
They would either have to shut down their retail banking operations in Britain or convert from branch status to full UK subsidiary - an expensive and cumbersome process.
The new rules mean it will be easier for wholesale foreign banks , which cater to other financial institutions and large corporations rather than retail customers, to open non-deposit taking branches which would not face size limits but are likely to make it very difficult for some retail bank branches to operate.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Keeping It in the FamilyPhoto via Wikimedia Commons
The oldest running hotel in operation is not in Paris or London or Rome. It is, according to the Guinness Book of World Records , in Yamanashi, Japan: a hot-spring hotel called Nisiyama Onsen Keiunkan, which has existed since the year 705. The second-oldest is another Japanese hot-springs hotel, Hoshi Ryokan, founded in 718.
But it isn’t just the world’s two oldest hotels. Japan is home to the world’s oldest lots of things. Sudo Honke , the world’s oldest sake brewer, has been around since 1141. Before being absorbed into a subsidiary in 2006, the oldest continuously operating family business in the world was Kongo Gumi, which built temples , and had been doing so for 14 centuries. The list goes on , and includes Yamanashi Prefecture Company, which has been making goods for home Buddhist altars and clothing for monks since 1024; Ichimojiya Wasuke, Japan’s oldest confectionary company, founded in 1000; Nakamura Shaji, a Buddhist temple and Shinto shrine construction company that dates back to 970; and Kyoto-based Tanaka Iga, which has been making Buddhist goods since 885.
The infusion of literal new blood into old family businesses ensures that ancient firms can keep evolving.
Ostensibly, it’s not surprising that an old country with an old economy would be home to so many old businesses. Many of the oldest companies are local and family-owned, such as sake brewers and inns (or ryokan) that were established for traders in the eighth century along the route from Tokyo to Kyoto. Even before it became the first non-Western, non-Christian country to industrialize in the 1870s, Japan boasted a well-developed agricultural economy “with rather sophisticated urban populations,” says Hugh Patrick, director of Columbia Business School’s Center on Japanese Economy and Business. This semi-elite urban class provided a strong consumer base.
Advertisement
But that only explains how the companies were established early on, not necessarily how they have managed to last. One factor was the right of primogeniture, says David Weinstein, professor of the Japanese economy at Columbia University. Because the eldest son inherited all of a patriarch’s wealth, companies in Japan could be passed on entirely to a single member of the family.
Even though primogeniture faded with the 20th century, owners still often pass their companies on to a single heir—although keeping business in the family is often aided and abetted by adult adoption, in which the company head legally adopts the right person to run his firm and then passes it on. (These adult adoptions are sometimes facilitated by a marriage between the heir presumptive and the owner’s daughter.) In 2011, more than 90 percent of the 81,000 individuals adopted in Japan were adults. Firms run by adopted heirs, research shows , outperform those run by “blood” heirs—and both adopted and blood heirs outperform nonfamily firms.
Top Comment
Another factor is Japanese business longevity, I suggest, might be the stability of the Japanese legal system and governments.   More...
-MacAdvisor
Join In
The infusion of literal new blood into old family businesses ensures that the nation’s ancient firms can keep evolving. The proof is in the pudding: Most of Japan’s oldest companies are family-owned. Weinstein points to the robust example of Sumitomo and Mitsui, both centuries-old, which merged to become the multinational SMBC , Japan’s second-largest bank. Perhaps most famously there is Nintendo, which started out as a playing-card maker in the 1800s and managed to metamorphosize into an iconic consumer electronics company while remaining a continuously owned family concern.
Hugh Whittaker of the University of Oxford’s Nissan Institute of Japanese Studies says that such businesses strike a delicate balance between continuation and innovation, a line they have walked for centuries. “The logic of doing business in Japan is a logic of commitment rather than a logic of choice,” Whittaker says, stressing that owners privilege longevity over the present moment. In other words, Japan’s business culture is not one to obsess over quarterly reports. “Family-owned enterprises are always going to have a lot more persistence,” Weinstein says. “They continue in the same sense that the name continues.”
Emily Tamkin is an M.Phil. candidate in Russian and East European studies at Oxford. Follow her on  Twitter .  

S&P 500  NASDAQ edge higher but IBM results drag Dow JonesS&P, NASDAQ edge higher but IBM results drag Dow
By Reuters | 20 Oct, 2014, 08.11PM IST
IBM's weakness produced  outsized drop in  Dow Jones Industrial Average, accounting for over 80 points to the downside for the price-weighted index.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: US stocks were mixed on Monday, with the S&P 500 and Nasdaq posting modest gains, but the Dow falling as quarterly results from IBM disappointed.
IBM shares slumped 7.3 per cent to $168.69 as the biggest drag on both the Dow and S&P 500 after the company's third-quarter earnings fell well short of Wall Street expectations. IBM had earlier said it would pay Globalfoundries $1.5 billion in cash over the next three years to take its loss-making semiconductor unit.
IBM's weakness produced an outsized drop in the Dow Jones Industrial Average, accounting for over 80 points to the downside for the price-weighted index.
The weak IBM results helped spur speculation the Federal Reserve may be reluctant to end its massive bond-buying stimulus program this month.
"On a number like that, with the forecast they gave you would expect the broader market would come under more pressure, and maybe it will," said Ken Polcari, Director of the NYSE floor division at O'Neil Securities in New York.
"But what it is telling you is, based on IBM's report, that the odds are lining up we may hear some more dovish comments out of the Fed next week than not."
At 9:43 a.m., the Dow Jones industrial average fell 67.84 points, or 0.41 per cent, to 16,312.57, the S&P 500 gained 2.33 points, or 0.12 per cent, to 1,889.09 and the Nasdaq Composite added 14.61 points, or 0.34 per cent, to 4,273.05.
Earnings season will ramp up significantly this week, with nearly 130 S&P 500 companies scheduled to report, include Apple Inc after the close on Monday.
According to Thomson Reuters data through Friday, of 81 companies in the S&P 500 that have reported quarterly earnings, 64 per cent beat analyst expectations, slightly above the 63 percent average since 1994 but below the 67 per cent rate for the past four quarters.
Third-quarter earnings are expected to grow 6.9 per cent from a year ago, on revenue growth of 3.8 per cent.
The largest percentage gainer on the S&P 500 was Tesoro Corp , which rose 7.5 per cent, while the largest percentage decliner was IBM.
The largest percentage gainer on the Nasdaq 100 was SANDISK , which was rising 3.0 per cent, while the largest percentage decliner was NetApp, down 1.8 per cent.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Tata Consultancy Services joins US-based ITIeurope
(Tata Consultancy Services,…)
WASHINGTON: Tata Consultancy Services , India's largest infotech company, has joined the US-based Information Technology Industry Council (ITI), a leading IT services, consulting and business solutions organisation, it was announced today.
ITI advocates on behalf of its 60 members for global policies that advance industry leadership in technology and innovation, open access to new and emerging markets, promoting e-commerce expansion, driving sustainability and efficiency, protecting consumer choice, and enhancing the worldwide competitiveness of its member companies.
"We are excited to welcome TCS, widely recognised as a leader in the global marketplace and the first Indian headquartered company to join ITI," said ITI president and CEO Dean Garfield.
"This is perfectly timed, given our deepening engagement in the India market and TCS' significant and growing presence in the US and other global markets," he added.
"We look forward to collaborating with TCS to advance the interest of ITI members worldwide," Garfield said.
"TCS is committed to helping companies increase their value to customers by providing innovative solutions that help them to digitally reimagine their businesses in every corner of the globe," said Surya Kant, TCS president for North America, UK and Europe .
"Our success is driven by a skilled workforce, open and competitive markets, and environments that foster business transformation. Working with ITI, we look forward to jointly promoting efforts that advance the innovation, development, use, and social impact of technological solutions," Kant said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mohammedan Sporting opt out of national scene due to fund crunchprint
The bright light made the patch near a busy central Kolkata crossing look darker than usual. As rush-hour traffic whizzed by, Amanat Hussain, a lifelong Mohammedan Sporting fan, was telling a television news channel on Monday evening how they would transform the Salt Lake Stadium on some match days.
"The atmosphere would be like an India-Pakistan cricket match. This is a club that has given India so many footballers," he said, standing outside club president Sultan Ahmed's office. Before Hussain, Naveen Das, who said he isn't a club supporter, urged people to help Mohammedan Sporting form the senior football team again.
That was also what Ahmed had said a little earlier. "Help me get a sponsor. I have been with the club for the past 16 years and while we have consciously turned down companies that sell alcohol, no other corporate has shown long-term interest. How long can you run a club with money pooled by a handful of people," he said.
Last season, Ahmed said the 123-year-old club spent approximately Rs. 10 crore on the senior football team which was relegated from the I-League and failed the All India Football Federation's club licensing test. This term, they spent Rs. 1.5 crore but have been struggling to pay salaries, he said.
Mohammedan Sporting will now run junior teams and form a senior side for the Kolkata league in 2015, said Ahmed. "We can't play the Federation Cup in December and don't have the funds to participate in the Durand Cup. We will not play the I-League second division because we won't pass the licensing test if we qualify. So, we will now focus on the youth teams and on upgrading infrastructure instead.
"With the ISL now, Kolkata clubs with a traditional fan base will find it even more difficult to get sponsors," said Ahmed, explaining why the senior football team had to be disbanded.
Ahmed's prediction of a bleak future for traditional powerhouses may or may not come true as the buzz around the Indian Super League grows louder by the day. But the signs are ominous.
Mohun Bagan and East Bengal have had bank accounts frozen by the enforcement directorate which is probing a ponzi scheme. A senior East Bengal official is in jail since August 21 as the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) too investigates this.
Mohun Bagan have pulled out of the Sikkim Governor's Gold Cup and called off practice now. The club's star recruit, Haitian striker Sony Norde, reached Kolkata last month but can't train.
"Every day we are assuring him (Norde) that we would pay him but what can we do now with our account frozen? We are appealing again to the enforcement directorate on Tuesday. We have asked players to report on November 3 but not being able to pay means we can't really force them," said Anjan Mitra, Mohun Bagan general secretary.
East Bengal too have appealed and given the players a holiday since winning the Kolkata league on September 16. They will also restart only on November 3.
United SC, which finished 10th in the 13-team I-League last season, started training last week after scouring unsuccessfully for a backer since mid-2013.
With no Kolkata team winning the I-League since the competition started in 2007, things were bad enough for the city that prides itself as India's football capital.
"The ISL is here to stay and could mean the end of some clubs," said East Bengal coach Armando Colaco, speaking over the phone from Goa.
Unless some clubs relook at how they are run, Colaco could well be right.

Madison Square encore for Modi during Oz visitMadison Square encore on cards for Narendra Modi during Australia visit
Dipanjan Roy Chaudhury, ET Bureau Oct 21, 2014, 07.14AM IST
Tags:
Australia
(Another Madison Square…)
NEW DELHI: Another Madison Square Garden-type of extravaganza is in the offing, this time in Sydney when Prime Minister Narendra Modi travels to Australia mid-November, first visit by an Indian PM to the country since Rajiv Gandhi's trip there way back in 1986.
Modi, who will be in Australia to attend the G-20 Summit in Brisbane followed by a bilateral visit, could recreate the Madison Square Garden experience for Indian-Australians living there. The Indian community in Australia, keen to replicate the New York event, is exploring venues including Sydney's famous Olympic Park for Modi's address, sources well-versed with the developments said. Melbourne was considered initially, but finally settled for Sydney, sources informed.
Sydney's historic Opera House was under consideration, but it was dropped given its limited capacity. The proposed venue in the harbor city will be equivalent to the Madison Square Garden, sources informed. Nearly 15,000 Indian-Australians are expected to attend the event.
This would include members of the Indian diaspora, top members of Australian polity and eminent personalities from areas like academics, business and sports. Modi would be participating in a two-day G20 Summit from November 15, followed by the community reception in Sydney on November 17 during which he will address the Indian Diaspora. He will address a joint parliamentary session in Canberra besides focusing on security and investment ties, sources hinted.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Revised central policy foresees Maoists  in ...Revised central policy flags new southern theatre on Maoist map
Aman Sharma, ET Bureau Oct 21, 2014, 04.13AM IST
Tags:
Border Roads Organisation
(The govt is concerned about…)
NEW DELHI: Maoists have a presence in as many as 15 states across India, including a new "southern theatre" in the tri-junction of Karnataka, Kerala and Tamil Nadu, while their front organisations exist in 21 states, according to the Centre's assessment under the policy unveiled last week to tackle Left-wing extremism .
The new tri-junction, particularly the Sathyamangalam forests where sandalwood smuggler Veerappan once held sway, is government priority as it feels the Maoist situation in Kerala has the potential of turning more serious if immediate preventive steps are not taken, a senior official said. The government is also concerned about the spread of Maoist front organisations, which it believes should be viewed as "part and parcel" of the strategic infrastructure of the CPI (Maoist) to enlarge its mass base.
However, the BJP-led NDA government, which took over in May, is clear that Maoists will not succeed in their aim of overthrowing a democratically elected government, given the sheer national power of the Indian state and its democratic ethos, and because the CPI (Maoist)'s worldview is in sharp contrast to the reconciliatory nature of the Indian society and the aspirational matrix of Indian youth.
An official said the proposition of a Red Corridor from Pashupati (in Nepal) to Tirupati (in Andhra Pradesh) was a "distant mirage". The new policy proposes some innovative ideas to tackle Maoists, including asking for services of former senior officials of Border Roads Organisation (BRO) who have worked on construction of roads in terror-ravaged Afghanistan to build roads in the worst-affected Maoist areas.
Asking for control of the Integrated Action Plan (IAP), the new policy says the scheme should be implemented in the worst-affected blocks and not districts as earlier and 10 per cent of IAP funds should be permitted to be utilised for hiring professionals such as teachers, doctors and engineers. It has also proposed inclusion of the local Central Armed Police Force (CAPF) commandant in the existing committee of district magistrate, superintendent of police and district forest officer for deciding development projects under IAP. The new policy also proposes a relook at findings of a 2008 expert group constituted by the Planning Commission under D Bandopadhyaya which had studied co-relation between indicators of backwardness and the spread of Left-wing extremism.
The assessment under the new policy says that in spite of a decline in Maoist violence since 2011 and contraction in the areas under Maoist domination, the core military strength of Maoists remains intact in 23 worst-affected districts in six states. It claims that infrastructure development and the implementation of development schemes in affected areas was not satisfactory under the previous government.
"In light of these facts and circumstances, there is a need to re-examine and fine-tune various policy measures to combat Maoists," the new policy document has proposed, an official said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

ROBERT GALBRAITH / ReutersClick to email this to a friend
After making an unfortunate gender-related gaffe onstage at a women’s tech event today, Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella issued a memo to employees apologizing for comparing pay issues for women to “karma.”
In the interview with Harvey Mudd College’s Maria Klawe, who is also a Microsoft board member, he said that women needed to trust “karma” if they don’t get the raise they want.
Nadella furiously backpedaled in the memo, which was the right thing to do and to do quickly:
“Toward the end of the interview, Maria asked me what advice I would offer women who are not comfortable asking for pay raises. I answered that question completely wrong. Without a doubt I wholeheartedly support programs at Microsoft and in the industry that bring more women into technology and close the pay gap. I believe men and women should get equal pay for equal work. And when it comes to career advice on getting a raise when you think it’s deserved, Maria’s advice was the right advice. If you think you deserve a raise, you should just ask.”
That was in reaction to his interview, which was at the Grace Hopper Celebration of Women in Computing, a high-profile annual event for top women techies.
“It’s not really about asking for a raise, but knowing and having faith that the system will give you the right raise,” said Nadella earlier today. “That might be one of the initial ‘super powers,’ that quite frankly, women who don’t ask for a raise have.”
Added the longtime Microsoft veteran: “It’s good karma. It will come back.”
As Nadella found out after a bad reaction to his remarks, karma does come back and, in this case, not very nicely.
Thus, his very quick apology.
Here it is:
Sent: Thursday, October 9, 2014 5:24 PM
To: Microsoft — All Employees (QBDG); Retail: All FTE
Subject: RE: Empowering Others
All — Today I was interviewed on stage by Maria Klawe at the Grace Hopper Conference — I encourage you to watch the video. It was great to spend time with so many women passionate about technology. I was honored to be a part of it and I left the conference energized and inspired.
Toward the end of the interview, Maria asked me what advice I would offer women who are not comfortable asking for pay raises. I answered that question completely wrong. Without a doubt I wholeheartedly support programs at Microsoft and in the industry that bring more women into technology and close the pay gap. I believe men and women should get equal pay for equal work. And when it comes to career advice on getting a raise when you think it’s deserved, Maria’s advice was the right advice. If you think you deserve a raise, you should just ask.
I said I was looking forward to the Grace Hopper Conference to learn, and I certainly learned a valuable lesson. I look forward to speaking with you at our monthly Q&A next week and am happy to answer any question you have.
Satya
And here is another memo he sent out the day before to employees about the event:
From: Satya Nadella
Sent: Wednesday, October 8, 2014 6:18 AM
To: Microsoft — All Employees (QBDG); Retail: All FTE
Subject: Empowering Others
At Microsoft, we are passionate about creating technology that impacts the world and empowers people and organizations to do more and achieve more. This big vision demands that we have a vibrant and diverse workforce — an issue all companies in the technology industry face today. However, now is the time for us to get more involved and that’s just what we’re doing this week.
First, today kicks off an initiative to bring the Hour of Code to 100 million youth during Computer Science Education Week, Dec. 8–14, 2014. Microsoft is proud to be a lead supporter of this global movement that helps students discover the fun of coding and, more importantly, how it can be a catalyst to create and achieve great things. There are opportunities for every Microsoft employee to get involved as a teacher or mentor. For those new to coding — give it a try yourself. Get involved, I am.
Second, this Thursday, I’ll join hundreds of other Microsoft employees and more than 8,000 female engineers from around the world at the annual Grace Hopper Conference. I’m going to the conference to learn and to listen. I’m also going with the hope of inspiring talented female engineers to continue pursuing careers in technology while also making valuable connections with potential candidates for Microsoft. While there, I’ll be interviewed on stage by Maria Klawe — a member of Microsoft’s Board of Directors and president of Harvey Mudd College — to further the discussion on women in technology.
It is an amazing time to be in tech — the pace of innovation and opportunity to make an impact are boundless. These efforts are part of what Lisa mentioned in her mail last week to increase the pipeline for tomorrow’s technology leaders both within our company and across the industry.
Let’s see what we can achieve together.
Satya

Modi govt s e-auction push opens door for pvt coal minersArun Jaitley
(In the first round, blocks…)
NEW DELHI: The government has taken a significant but cautious step towards ending state monopoly on coal with an ordinance that enables commercial mining by private companies in future, without denting the operations of Coal India that was set up when the sector was nationalised four decades ago. In the first round, blocks would be auctioned to companies that will use the coal for firing power, steel and cement plants, said Coal, Power & Renewable Energy Minister Piyush Goyal . The government will offer different blocks to these sectors and expects companies that lost coal blocks would be able to acquire mines through a transparent e-auction in 3-4 months which Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said will "clean up the mess created by the UPA government since 2005".
The decision marks the continued burst of big-ticket energy reforms that the Modi government has launched after elections in Maharashtra and Haryana. On Saturday, it decontrolled diesel prices and took the longawaited decision on the controversial issue of natural gas pricing. Officials are also working overtime to finalise steps to help stranded gas-fired power plants by pooling imported liquefied natural gas with cheaper domestic supply.
The decisions are expected to revive the distressed energy sector and help banks which faced the risk of a huge jump in non-performing assets. The government has also withdrawn the Bill introduced in 2000 in Rajya Sabha to allow commercial coal mining, and will introduce a fresh Bill.
SBI Chairman Arundhati Bhattacharya welcomed the announcements. "It is a positive news and we needed to clear this mess as quickly as possible. And the government has taken the bull by the horn. We expect investments to get back to the drawing board. We hope the timeline is maintained and the process is done as quickly as possible."
"It is too early to say how it would affect our loan book, since it will depend on reserve price for the e-auction whether it matches our forecasts on cash flow," SBI Chairman Arundhati Bhattacharya said. Coal India unions said they were comfortable with the announcements as of now, but would oppose the move tooth and nail if the government actually turns to the enabling provision and allows private commercial mining.
The government sought to understate that part of the ordinance, which will allow the private sector sell coal in the open market — a situation that is forbidden under the nationalisation laws in the sector. It said the ordinance did not amount to "denationalisation". It also announced that all the proceeds of the auction will go to states such as Odisha, West Bengal, Jharkhand and Chhattisgarh, a provision that will give a lot of cash to these states and win their support.
"The proposals appear a cautious first step to a future, potentially bolder plan that denationalisation suggests. The limitation of end-use and keeping commercial mining rights for a future time suggest this," said Kameswara Rao, leader at consulting firm PwC for energy, utilities and mining. He said transfer of proceeds to the states is a masterstroke and would incentivise state governments to expedite clearances and support the projects.
Analysts and industry officials broadly welcomed the decision, which can significantly boost coal output, fire stranded power stations and cut the embarrassingly high amount of coal imports for a country that has one of the biggest reserves in the world.
"There was a lot of uncertainty over how quickly it will be handled. But the transition appears speedy and the blocks will not be nationalised but be given out to private players, which will increase efficiency. It will help domestic supply positively and bring down the high cost of imports. The big problem was with the power sector as a lot of projects were coming on stream but there was a big question mark on the fuel supply. That the allocation will be made in a transparent manner through auctions is also a revenue-positive for the government," said Abheek Barua, consultant at ICRIER.
"It is a very positive move for the economy. It is good to start on a clean slate and (in a) transparent manner and sorting out of the coal issue was very critical and will provide momentum to the reforms process and give a boost to country's manufacturing," said DK Joshi, chief economist, Crisil.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Publishers join hands to stop predatory pricing by Flipkart and AmazonPublishing houses join hands to stop predatory pricing by Flipkart and Amazon
Varun Aggarwal, ET Bureau Oct 21, 2014, 04.39AM IST
Tags:
Amazon
(Representatives from hundreds…)
BANGALORE: Brick-and-mortar traders detest them for selling at cut-rate prices. Brands accuse them of diluting their worth. And they are also in the bad books of publishers who are now threatening to sue online retailers for what they believe is predatory pricing that threatens their survival.
On October 30, representatives from hundreds of publishers who have grouped themselves into three associations will meet in New Delhi to decide on legal actions to be taken against online retailers Flipkart and Amazon.
"We tried talking to Flipkart and Amazon about the pricing issue but they've become too big for our voice to reach them," said one of the publishers who is a part of the alliance that counts Rupa , Penguin Random House and Hachette as members. "Therefore, we decided to take the legal route." The associations include Federation of Indian Publishers, Delhi State Booksellers and Publishers Association, and Federation of Publishers and Bookseller's Association.
They accuse online retailers of selling books below cost in many cases, potentially hurting the industry in the long run. The primary worry is that it will be difficult to raise book prices in future as customers become used to paying less. Moreover, online retailers Flipkart and Amazon could end up as a duopoly.
Amazon's recent kerfuffle with Hachette where it was accused of trying to dictate pricing and other terms to the French publisher has only made the Indian publishing houses more worried. Brick-and-mortar retailers said online retailers are hurting them.
"Amazon and Flipkart are creating a duopolistic environment, which is destroying the publishing industry," said Kinjal Shah, CEO of Crossword Bookstore . "They are getting into predatory pricing—selling 10-20% below the purchase price, making it absolutely impossible for anyone else to compete with them over price." According to industry body FICCI, the Indian publishing industry is worth Rs 12,000 crore and is growing at about 25% annually.
But the online retailers said they are only platforms where others sell their wares. "Sellers are the ones who decide on the pricing of their products—and only they can change these prices," said Gaurav Gupta, director of retail at Flipkart. An Amazon spokesperson took a similar stance: "We are a marketplace platform that enables Indian merchants to sell products to consumers across India. We do not determine prices, our sellers do."
While both Amazon and Flipkart are marketplaces in India, publishers said online retailers use their marketing funds, called user-acquisition funds, to provide additional discounts to consumers. In some cases, sellers are refunded extra money, to offer higher discount, multiple sources told ET.
"Flipkart buys books from us and then sells them at a deeper discount through WS Retail," said Siddharth Agarwal, head of business development at Future Educare, a Kolkata-based publisher and book distributor. "Since books have low return rates and are bought by mostly the educated class, they act as the easiest way to acquire a customer."
Ranjan Kaul, managing director of Oxford University Press India, said the publishing house is currently in no position to make Flipkart or Amazon to limit discounting.
"Deep discounting on ecommerce websites, sometimes more than the discount that we offer them, could lead to dilution of our brand and will impact our pricing," said Kaul. Harlequin, which sells popular series Mills and Boons, is also under margin pressures because of these discounting practices.
"Due to heavy discounting, consumers are getting used to low-priced books, making it hard for us to increase prices. This is impacting our margins as our paper costs, people costs, etc, are constantly rising," said Amrita Chowdhury, country head and publishing director of Harlequin India.
Harlequin sells about 20% of its books through online retailers. Even authors are voicing their opinion against these retailers. "Online stores are not convenient for browsing as against a physical bookstore where people spend hours discovering new titles," said Amish Tripathi, author of the bestselling Shiva Trilogy.
"This creates a problem for new authors who find it difficult to be visible on these sites."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sena open to support BJP in Maharashtra  seeks plum posts | Full coverageYou are here: Home > Collections > Bjp
Shiv Sena open to support BJP, seeks plum posts
Krishna Thevar, ET Bureau Oct 21, 2014, 04.41AM IST
Tags:
BJP
(A section of Shiv Sena leaders…)
MUMBAI: The Shiv Sena would like to back the BJP in forming a government in Maharashtra but wants a deal that won't be "humiliating", a member said. This would involve Sena men being given important portfolios, something the BJP may however not be keen on. A party member didn't specify the portfolios but said it should get the same ones that the BJP got when it was the junior partner in the Shiv Sena-led government that took charge in 1995.
At the time, the Shiv Sena's Manohar Joshi was chief minister and the BJP's Gopinath Munde was deputy chief minister and was also given the home affairs portfolio. BJP ministers also ran key departments such as finance, public works and irrigation. This could be a sticking point for the BJP.
"We can't have a similar arrangement as in 1995 simply because we had then fought the elections on an alliance. This time we have contested on our own along with smaller other parties, so how can we give these portfolios to them?" said a BJP member in response to this suggestion. He said the party may give the Sena a few portfolios but there was no question of giving it the post of deputy chief minister or charge of home, finance and irrigation.
Meanwhile, a section of Shiv Sena leaders advocated that the party should not support the BJP to form the government. They believe this would prove counter productive.
"We have just conducted a campaign where we have attacked the BJP," said a Shiv Sena member. "Now shaking hands with them would finish off our party, as we would have no credibility left. We should sit in the opposition. Let the BJP take the support of the NCP in forming the government and justify it to the people."
He added that there were leaders in the party who didn't agree with him because they feel that the Sena would find it difficult to survive out of power. "Being a small partner to the BJP is not going to help. If the BJP gives us the tourism department to handle, how will that help our party to survive? We can corner the BJP more effectively if we are not in the government," said the Sena leader.
FEATURED ARTICLES

5 reasons D-Street would hit life highs soonYou are here: Home > Collections
Five reasons for Sensex to hit new highs post Diwali
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 20, 2014, 03.47PM IST
(Scepticism against Modi government,…)
MUMBAI: The Sensex surged over 400 points in intraday trade today, high-on BJP's win in Assembly elections. The Sensex ended the day at 26,429.85; up 321.32 points.
The Nifty closed the day at 7,879.40; up 99.70 points.
Following are the top five reasons why Sensex is likely to hit fresh life highs soon:
Return of FIIs: The foreign institutional investors, who are generally sellers in October, are expected to make a come back following the recent developments in India.
Scepticism against Modi government, slowdown concerns in China and recession in Europe have been some of the factors that kept FIIs on the back-foot in October.
According to CLSA report, over 50 US-based investors revealed that some amount of scepticism has been building up against Modi due to perceived lack of concrete steps. Some US investors booked profit and reduced India weight in the recent months.
However, global investors haven't jumped onto the India bandwagon as yet. Analysts say FIIs will now have to balance between India and other global markets.
"FIIs clearly have to balance what is happening globally and what is happening in India. Clearly things are extremely positive on the India front," said Alroy Lobo, Chief Strategist and Global Head Equities Asset Management, Kotak Mahindra AMC.
Expectations of big reforms in Winter Session: The winter session of parliament is expected to begin on November 24, 2014. Analysts are expecting some important legislation such as FDI in insurance and labour laws etc to be taken up.
"We expect heightened decision making over the next 3-6 months which should be a positive for domestic cyclical recovery," said CLSA report.
There are reports that the government may even announce big reforms ahead of Diwali festival.
The government has so far announced slew of labour and oil & gas reforms, which has boosted market sentiment.
Diesel prices were deregulated, natural gas price was hiked and announced plans to re-introduce direct benefit transfer of cash subsidies for subsidized LPG.
This is addition to recently announced labour reforms which included easier compliance with labor laws through online filing for 16 out of 44 labor laws, transparency in inspections which will result in greater ease of doing business, single window portal to enable doing business with labour ministry and Portable employee PF accounts.
BJP victory in assembly elections: The BJP government has lot of reasons to rejoice. The party has got majority in Haryana assembly (47 out of 90 seats) and it has emerged as a biggest party in Maharashtra (123 out 288). The party is likely to form the government in Maharashtra with the help of its old ally Shiv Sena.
The election outcome has also improved BJP's strength in the Rajya Sabha. This will help the party to push through major reforms with relatively less opposition in the upper house.
"The market has given a thumbs-up as the BJP has won Haryana State assembly polls and is the single largest party in Maharashtra. The result would add heft to the already formidable political weight of the Prime Minister," said Ajay Bodke, Head- Investment Strategy & Advisory, Prabhudas Lilladher.
Inflation expected to surprise on downside: The fall in global commodity prices, especially crude oil is a big positive for Indian economy. The government has reduced retail diesel prices and it will help in reigning CPI and WPI inflation in coming months.
"In our view, a weak global economic outlook may keep commodity prices subdued to India's benefit. We forecast CPI inflation of 7 per cent over January-March 2015, well below the RBI's target of 8 per cent in January 2015," said Kotak Institutional Equities report.
Expectations of lower interest rates: The inflation is on a downward trajectory and has seen a sharp decline with food inflation coming down sharply. The recent decision to lower diesel prices will further lower inflationary pressure in coming months.
Lower interest rates: The decision to deregulate will improve India's finances as the oil subsidy will come down by Rs 150 billion. Also, the cut in diesel prices by INR3.56/litre will go a long way in fighting inflation, which is trending downwards, says India Ratings & Research report.
According to the report, this will create more space for the Reserve Bank of India to ease its policy stance and cut policy rate sooner than hitherto believed.
As per Kotak Institutional Equities report, the RBI will look through inflation base effects in November 2014. A CPI print of 6.5-7 per cent in 1QCY15 may result in policy rate cuts in 2QCY15, 1-2 quarters ahead of the current consensus view.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Glamour and glitz at the Mumbai Film FestivalCelebrity
Snapshots from the Mumbai Film Festival 2014
Painting a whole new world of cinema, creativity and master classes, the 16th Mumbai Film Festival organized by Mumbai Academy of Moving Image (MAMI) traversed from screens straight to the cine goer’s hearts over the last 8 days. A testimony to faith of cinema patrons, the festival saw exemplary success and drew to a close with assurance to return next year with more glitz and glamour. The award ceremony was sponsored by Star India.
You might also like:
Day 8 of 16th Mumbai Film Festival (MAMI).
1 / 30

Four things to watch for in Chinas dataSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Maharashtra polls: BJP in no hurry to form govt  says Sena can join without conditionsComments
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) is in no hurry to form a government in Maharashtra, hoping to wear down its former ally, the Shiv Sena, into offering unconditional support as political negotiations over who will rule the state gathered momentum on Monday.
 
Speculation swirled about whether the BJP would join hands with the National Congress Party (NCP), which has already offered outside support, or turn to the Shiv Sena, with whom it snapped a 25-year-old alliance days before the assembly election.
Maharashtra BJP workers celebrate their election victory outside the party office in Nariman Point in Mumbai. (Vijayanand Gupta/HT Photo)
Read: Sena hopes for best, ready for worst
Though the BJP is 22 seats short of a majority in the 288-member assembly, it has an upper hand in negotiations with future allies because it is the single largest party with 123 seats compared with the Shiv Sena’s 63 seats. However, it still needs to team up with one of the opposition parties for a majority of 145.
“Our primary aim is to run the government without the Sena’s support,” said a senior BJP leader. “We are in no hurry. If the Sena wants, it may join us but without any condition.”
 
The BJP has not yet decided on accepting the NCP’s offer, but it has begun talks with smaller parties and independents who together have 19 seats. Party sources said they would get the support of at least 16, taking its tally to 139. Two each from the All India Majlis-E-Ittehadul Muslimeen (AIMIM) and Samajwadi Party may even stay neutral.
All possibilities, including the extension of President’s Rule or poaching a group of MLAs from other parties are also being considered, they added.
Read: Congress asked us to jointly back Sena: Sharad Pawar
 
The BJP kept its suitors waiting as Prime Minister Narendra Modi and party president Amit Shah met union transport minister Nitin Gadkari on Monday, sparking speculation in party circles that they wanted him to take over as chief minister.
 
Party MLAs are likely to meet in Mumbai on Tuesday to select their chief ministerial candidate. State party chief Devendra Fadnavis, the 44-year-old fourth-term MLA from Nagpur, still looked like a front-runner for the top job. He is seen as having an edge because he has the backing of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) and has a clean image.
Read: RSS says it's up to BJP to decide on accepting NCP offer, Shiv Sena kept guessing  
Watch: BJP will decide what to do on NCP offer: RSS
State leaders felt the party should have an alliance with the Sena but in a revised format. Sources said the Sena has certain demands, including the deputy chief minister’s position, one-third of ministerial berths with key portfolios and a promise that the BJP-led government will not split Maharashtra to create Vidarbha state.
 
They said the Shiv Sena wanted a plum share in government in line with a formula the two parties have had in place since the first time they ruled together between 1995 and 1999. The BJP rejected the formula and sought a deal under which the Shiv Sena will get a share based on its strength.
 
Under the old formula – which was also adopted by successive Congress-Nationalist Congress Party governments in the past 15 years -- the chief minister’s post goes to the party with more seats while important ministries such as home, finance, rural development, public health go to the second-largest party.
 
“Even our MLAs want us to forge an alliance with the Sena on a condition that they do not suffer at the hands of the ex-ally’s arrogant ways. Even grassroot workers from both parties who fought each other in the elections are ready to patch up in view of their old association,” said a leader who is part of the state’s core committee.
 

Govt to bring in ordinance for auction of coal blocks to private firmsComments
The government plans to put up coal mines for bidding by private steel, power and cement companies and introduce changes in the law to enable commercial mining in the future, signalling its intent to fully open the sector to private players.
The new auction-based system will replace the earlier controversial policy of allotting coal blocks based on recommendations of a panel of bureaucrats, which the Supreme Court had struck down last month as arbitrary. The Court had cancelled 214 blocks allotted since 1993, a move that threatened a nascent economic recovery.
Read: Gold import curbs could be back after Diwali
The measures, announced on Monday by finance minister Arun Jaitley and coal and power minister Piyush Goyal, follow close on the heels of labour and fuel sector reforms and are likely to go down well with markets.
“The Cabinet has recommended promulgation of an Ordinance to the President in order to resolve the pending issues particularly the situation arising out of the Supreme Court judgement quashing the allocation of the coal blocks,” Jaitley told a press conference after a cabinet meeting that approved the decision.
Currently only steel, power and cement companies are allowed to own mines for their own use. But in the future there could be commercial use of mines, a move that would enable private companies to get into trading coal and break the monopoly of public sector monolith Coal India.
“There will be an enabling provision for the future where under rules which are framed for commercial users of mines could also be decided by the Central government. This would lead to an optimal utilisation of the natural resource,” Goyal said. He added that power prices could fall as a result.
Jaitley vehemently denied a suggestion whether the process could be termed as “de-nationalisation” of the coal sector saying, “The original Nationalisation Act remains and will remain and Coal India Ltd will be fully protected.”
The government will allot mines directly to state-owned companies like NTPC and state electricity boards, and only companies incorporated in India will be allowed to participate in bids.
“The actual users of coal in the cement, steel and power sectors who apply for a certain number of coal mines will be put in the pool and there would be an e-auction. A sufficient and adequate number of mines would be put so that actual users go back with the mines,” Jaitley said.
“The entire mess that the UPA had left behind from 2005 onwards over the next four months would be cleaned up,” he said, adding coal worth $20 billion (about Rs. 1.26 lakh crore) which was being imported annually would be domestically substituted through this measure.
Coal-rich states Jharkhand, Odisha, West Bengal and Chhattisgarh, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra and Andhra Pradesh would make big fiscal gains from the auctions, a fact that could endear the ruling BJP to the electorate in any of those states going to assembly polls in the next few years.
India’s estimated coal reserves now stand at 301 billion tonnes, the fifth highest in the world, but companies still have to import as large number of mines remain unused.
More than half of India’s power is produced from coal. State-owned Coal India, accounts for nearly 80% of the country’s coal output, but it isn’t enough to meet India’s rising energy demand.
India’s coal imports jumped more than three times in the last eight years—from 41.2 million tonnes in 2005-06 to 140.6 million tonnes in 2012-13.
The previous UPA government had come a under relentless attack after India’s national auditor Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) in a report in 2012 suggested that the arbitrary allocation of coalfields may have robbed the exchequer of potential revenues of Rs. 1.86 lakh crore between 2004 and 2011.
“We sincerely hope that benefits of the auction of coal blocks will go to actual users and percolate down to the consumers. At the same time, we also caution the government to weave in necessary parameters and safeguards to ensure these benefits reach the ultimate consumers,” Congress spokesperson Randeep Singh Surjewala said.
 

No premium pricing for undeveloped natural ...Deep sea natural gas fields
("'New discoveries' means…)
NEW DELHI: Deep sea natural gas fields that have already been discovered but not developed so far will not be given any premium on gas pricing but new finds in challenging terrains can charge a price higher than $5.61 per unit approved by the Cabinet on Saturday, Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan told ET.
On Saturday, the government had announced incentives for gas discovered in difficult, costly areas. "For all discoveries after this decision, in Ultra Deep Water Areas, Deep Water Areas and High Pressure-High Temperature areas, a premium would be given on the gas price to be determined as per the prescribed procedure." Analysts had interpreted this as a declaration that fields discovered in deep-sea regions, but not yet developed, would also be able to charge a premium.
"'New discoveries' means discoveries made after Saturday's decision," Pradhan said in an interview with ET. The minister also said that the price of $5.61 per unit will not be inflated on account of calorie value. Some industry executives had argued that the actual price that customers pay would be 11 per cent higher than the announced rate of $5.61 per unit because natural gas also contains moisture for which factories will not pay.
Technically, these are called gross calorie value and net calorie value. He said that in terms of gross calorie value, the approved price is $5.05 per unit, which would increase to $5.61 per unit on a net basis.
"The $5.61 (per unit) price we announced on Saturday was the net price. We announced the price because historically gas is valued on NCV (net calorific value) basis in the country," Pradhan said. The gas price is based on a new formula that excludes costly liquefied natural gas (LNG) prices from the calculation, making the increase significantly lower than the price from the Rangarajan formula, which would have doubled the rate to $8.4 per unit and on NCV basis, price would have been $9.3 per unit, officials said. While announcing the new gas price, the Cabinet also settled the contentious issue of GCV and NCV.
"The price so notified would be applied prospectively with effect from November 1, 2014 and would be on GCV basis as input prices in the formula are on GCV basis," the Saturday Cabinet decision said. The controversy over the heat value emerged during the previous UPA government when Reliance Industries asked its gas consumers to renew gas sale and purchase agreements (GSPAs) with new terms, which included calculation of gas price at GCV basis. Fertiliser companies raised objection and said it would accept the GCV rate only if the oil ministry specified it in writing because it would have raised urea subsidy. The new price has disappointed private gas producers because they were expecting a price between $7 per unit and $8 per unit.
  "We have to invest in other countries," a private oil and gas field operator said requesting anonymity. Pradhan said, this could be an isolated case. "The Sensex jumped on oil sector reforms. Stock of ONGC has surged. The government has taken long-pending decisions, which are investor-friendly. Yes, we are also committed to protect interest of the common man. We can't allow abnormally high gas price," he said.
"We are getting into exciting times in E&P (exploration and production) sector," said PwC leader-oil & gas Deepak Mahurkar. He said the government's decision to review gas prices twice in a year is positive.
"Also the prices will be determined every six months, as against the earlier regime of only once in a five-year review. The investors were looking for exactly this," he said. ONGC, which is the biggest gainer of the new rate, will add 4,000 crore on its topline.
"We should not see oil and gas sector reforms in isolation. Diesel price deregulation will strengthen our economy by reducing country's fiscal deficit. Particularly, ONGC will gain as it had to share a large part of diesel subsidy burden," ONGC chairman DK Sarraf, said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Madison Square encore on cards for Modi during upcoming Australia visitMadison Square encore on cards for Narendra Modi during Australia visit
Dipanjan Roy Chaudhury, ET Bureau Oct 21, 2014, 07.14AM IST
Tags:
Australia
(Another Madison Square…)
NEW DELHI: Another Madison Square Garden-type of extravaganza is in the offing, this time in Sydney when Prime Minister Narendra Modi travels to Australia mid-November, first visit by an Indian PM to the country since Rajiv Gandhi's trip there way back in 1986.
Modi, who will be in Australia to attend the G-20 Summit in Brisbane followed by a bilateral visit, could recreate the Madison Square Garden experience for Indian-Australians living there. The Indian community in Australia, keen to replicate the New York event, is exploring venues including Sydney's famous Olympic Park for Modi's address, sources well-versed with the developments said. Melbourne was considered initially, but finally settled for Sydney, sources informed.
Sydney's historic Opera House was under consideration, but it was dropped given its limited capacity. The proposed venue in the harbor city will be equivalent to the Madison Square Garden, sources informed. Nearly 15,000 Indian-Australians are expected to attend the event.
This would include members of the Indian diaspora, top members of Australian polity and eminent personalities from areas like academics, business and sports. Modi would be participating in a two-day G20 Summit from November 15, followed by the community reception in Sydney on November 17 during which he will address the Indian Diaspora. He will address a joint parliamentary session in Canberra besides focusing on security and investment ties, sources hinted.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Government sets up committee to study corporate bankruptcy frameworkGovernment sets up committee to study corporate bankruptcy framework
Housing.com in talks to raise $40 millionHousing.com in talks to raise $40 million
India starts push at UN for International Yoga DayIndia starts push at UN for International Yoga Day
Sehwag s greatest hits ... off the fieldRemembering Phil Hughes
4 hours ago
The young Australian batsman would have turned 26 on November 30, 2014. Alas, a freak incident on the field of play on November 25 cut short his life. Here's a look at some pictures from the talented and zestful southpaw's life and times.
Cricket world reacts to Phil Hughes’ death
9 hours ago
Australia cricketer Phillip Hughes passed away on November 27, 2014 in Sydney following a head injury he had incurred in a Sheffield Shield match on November 25. During this game … More » Cricket world reacts to Phil Hughes’ death
Tue 25 Nov, 2014 12:54 PM IST
CAUTION: You may find some of these images disturbing.
South Australia opener Phil Hughes was struck on the helmet by a bouncer from SNW pacer Sean Abbott. He collapsed and was rushed to a hospital in Sydney where he underwent an emergency surgery.
In Memoriam: Phil Hughes
8 hours ago
The young effervescent batsman would have gone on to play far more than his 26 Tests for Australia had the cruel hand of fate not intervened, so tragically, at the Sydney Cricket Ground on November 25, 2014 when he was struck down unconcious by a bouncer. Phil Hughes … More » In Memoriam: Phil Hughes
The worst cricketing injuries from bouncers
10 hours ago
Phillip Hughes' death has devastated the cricketing world but there is a long history of incidents involving short balls.
Sri Lanka vs England, 1st ODI
Wed 26 Nov, 2014 6:56 PM IST
Action images from the 1st ODI between Sri Lanka and England, played at Colombo on November 26, 2014. Scores More » Sri Lanka vs England, 1st ODI

Dunk hits highest one-day score in AustraliaRemembering Phil Hughes
4 hours ago
The young Australian batsman would have turned 26 on November 30, 2014. Alas, a freak incident on the field of play on November 25 cut short his life. Here's a look at some pictures from the talented and zestful southpaw's life and times.
Cricket world reacts to Phil Hughes’ death
9 hours ago
Australia cricketer Phillip Hughes passed away on November 27, 2014 in Sydney following a head injury he had incurred in a Sheffield Shield match on November 25. During this game … More » Cricket world reacts to Phil Hughes’ death
Tue 25 Nov, 2014 12:54 PM IST
CAUTION: You may find some of these images disturbing.
South Australia opener Phil Hughes was struck on the helmet by a bouncer from SNW pacer Sean Abbott. He collapsed and was rushed to a hospital in Sydney where he underwent an emergency surgery.
In Memoriam: Phil Hughes
8 hours ago
The young effervescent batsman would have gone on to play far more than his 26 Tests for Australia had the cruel hand of fate not intervened, so tragically, at the Sydney Cricket Ground on November 25, 2014 when he was struck down unconcious by a bouncer. Phil Hughes … More » In Memoriam: Phil Hughes
The worst cricketing injuries from bouncers
10 hours ago
Phillip Hughes' death has devastated the cricketing world but there is a long history of incidents involving short balls.
Sri Lanka vs England, 1st ODI
Wed 26 Nov, 2014 6:56 PM IST
Action images from the 1st ODI between Sri Lanka and England, played at Colombo on November 26, 2014. Scores More » Sri Lanka vs England, 1st ODI

Wall St down 6% in a month: Start of bear market(Stock markets are driven…)
By Robert J. Shiller
Since Sept. 18, the stock market has fallen more than 6 percent. An abrupt decline last week - after five years of gains - prompted fears that the market may have reached a major turning point.
Has a bear market begun? It's a great question. The problem is that short-term market movements are extremely hard to forecast. But we live in the present and must try to understand what's driving markets now, even if it's much easier to predict their behavior over the long run.
Fundamentally, stock markets are driven by popular narratives, which don't need basis in solid fact. True or not, such stories may be described as "thought viruses." When they are pernicious, they are analogous to the Ebola virus: They spread by contagion.
Theories that seem to explain the stock market's direction often work like this: First, they cause investors to take action that propels prices even further in the same direction. These narratives can affect people's spending behavior, too, in turn affecting corporate profit margins, and so on. Sometimes such feedback loops continue for years.
The most prominent story since the September peak seems to be one of a "global slowdown" with associated "deflation." Underlying this tale are deeper, longer-term fears. There is a name for these concerns, too. It is "secular stagnation" - the idea that there is disturbing evidence that the world economy may languish for a very long time, even for generations, as the word "secular" suggests.
I did a LexisNexis count of newspaper and magazine mentions, by month, of the phrase "secular stagnation," and I found that they have exploded since November 2013. And a Google Trends search shows a similar pattern for web searches for the phrase since that time.
Why? It's probably because Lawrence Summers, the former Treasury secretary and Harvard University president, used the phrase in a talk he gave on Nov. 8 at the International Monetary Fund in Washington. Paul Krugman wrote approvingly about the talk in The New York Times nine days later. Summers presented his secular-stagnation idea with uncharacteristic diffidence: "This may all be madness, and I may not have this right at all." But his talk seemed to release a thought virus.
Nations' periods of slow growth can indeed last for decades. But why predict something like that right now and generalize this prediction for the whole world? Here we do not find consensus, only ideas whose relevance is hard to judge.
Some people say a theory of John Maynard Keynes - known as the "underconsumptionist theory" because it says people inherently underspend once they become prosperous - is taking hold. Others say investment opportunities offer lower - maybe even negative - returns because the economy no longer requires so much heavy machinery. Still others say that an aging population is a drag on growth, or that the financial disarray left by the 2007-9 crisis is re-emerging. All of these theories have a certain plausibility, but hardly offer reason to expect a major turning point in the market right now.
The great economic historian Robert Fogel, who died last year at the age of 86, wrote in a 2005 paper that he was surprised by the resilience of scholarly attention to the secular-stagnation theory. He found that the term began to be used in 1938, during a time of world economic despair, and that its currency grew rapidly, hitting a peak in the 1940s. Lively debate on the topic endured in the 1980s, he noted, though the discussion eventually decayed to almost nothing by the 1990s.
There is little talk about secular stagnation in scholarly circles today. The recent chatter has centered in the news media, in conference panel discussions and in the blogosphere.
We can contrast this secular-stagnation story with the narrative that drove down the stock market in 2011. By May 10 of that year, the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index had already doubled since its financial-crisis bottom on March 9, 2009. And then the index fell by about 20 percent from May 2 to Aug. 9.
What set off that decline? It had to do with a different thought virus: the worry that Congress wouldn't raise the debt ceiling in time to prevent the United States from defaulting on its debt. The nation didn't default, but on Aug. 5, 2011, S&P 500 downgraded the national debt for the first time.
While reports on this drama were alarming, it's not obvious why they should have caused such a sharp market decline. Clearly, consumer confidence fell. And for both individual and institutional investors, my own crash confidence index, based on questionnaire surveys conducted by the Yale School of Management, dropped almost as far as its record low at the worst of the financial crisis in 2009. People worried that stock prices would fall. The "expected" component of the Michigan Consumer Sentiment Index dropped lower than at the worst of the financial crisis in 2009.

Sleep hacks for a good night s sleepBigg Boss 8
Sleep hacks to guarantee you a good night’s sleep
Most people struggle to sleep at times, but following one or two of these bedtime tricks should give you a whole lot more shut-eye - By Sophia Moir , Yahoo Lifestyle UK
Share 0
Say hello to cherries.
They’re one of the few natural sources of melatonin, a hormone that helps control your sleeping cycle as well as regulating other hormones in your body, reports Women’s ... more 
Say hello to cherries.
They’re one of the few natural sources of melatonin, a hormone that helps control your sleeping cycle as well as regulating other hormones in your body, reports Women’s Health. Other food sources include olive oil and tomatoes. less 
1 / 20

Bigg Boss 8: Love  hate  war and moreCelebrity
Sushant Divgikar bows out of Bigg Boss Season 8
Seven weeks inside the Bigg Boss house is no easy feat! And after spending as much time in the Bigg Boss house, it is now Sushant Divgikar’s turn to return to the outside world as he finds himself eliminated from the show.
1 /

Make in India  merchandise catches consumer...You are here: Home > Collections
'Make in India' selling well, online and offline retailers cashing in on rising demand
Tasmayee Laha Roy & Pritha Mitra Dasgupta, ET Bureau Oct 21, 2014, 07.11AM IST
Tags:
Atul Chaturvedi
(Prime Minister Narendra Modi's 'Make…)
MUMBAI | KOLKATA: Prime Minister Narendra Modi's 'Make in India' campaign is emerging as a fad among young consumers and several online and offline retailers have started promoting indigenous products and brands to cash in on the trend.
"People aged between 16 and 35 are all asking for Make in India themed merchandise," said Gautam Jatia, CEO at Emami Frank Ross that runs Starmark, a Kolkata-based large-format leisure retail chain. "We have asked our suppliers to work on the theme and come up new stocks on this line. The products shall hit the stores very soon." E-commerce company Shopclues has already launched a 'Make in India' section on its website promoting indigenous products and manufacturers, while another online retailer, Happily Unmarried, which specialises in unique funky apparels and accessories, plans to launch a 'Make in India' merchandise line of collection.
Customised printing company Printvenue said it has received a lot of requests for Make in Indiacaptioned products and it has already made a couple of design templates for mobile screens and laptop sleeves.
"We are getting a lot of requests for Make in India-captioned products and so we have made 2-3 design templates," said Saurabh Kochhar, co-founder and managing director at Printvenue.com. While some retailers are selling apparels, accessories, home ware and other products with the 'Make in India' official logo of a lion printed on them, the government wants individuals and merchants to take prior permission before using the logo.
"We want everyone to use the logo but there has to be a quality to it. The logo can't be distorted on the will and desire of companies or individuals. We are being strict about it so that the logo doesn't lose its character," said Atul Chaturvedi , joint secretary at the Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP). DIPP is yet to register the logo and get a copyright.
Chaturvedi said the department has already sent it for trademark registration. The PM launched the 'Make in India' campaign on September 25 to get Indian and foreign companies to invest in manufacturing in the country, with emphasis on 25 sectors including automobiles, IT and textiles for job creation and skill development.
A top official said DIPP also plans to launch its own line of retail products around the Make in India theme, which is at a nascent stage. Shopclues, which promotes Indian products and brands such as Bombay Dyeing, Nayasa, Micromax, Airtel, Lotus and Himalaya at the 'Make in India' section of its portal, will soon introduce merchandise with 'Make in India' tagline, said Radhika Ghai Aggarwal, co-founder and chief marketing officer at Shopclues.
"The 'Make in India' initiative aims to support local manufacturers, craftsmen, small and medium enterprises and sellers hailing from tier-II and -III towns in the country," she said. Rajat Tuli, co-founder of Happily Unmarried, said the site was flooded with queries for 'Make in India' merchandise within days of the campaign's announcement.
"We will start a series of these products especially t-shirts and magnets that people are asking for the most, as soon as we get to know about the norms of producing the tagline and the logo on our items," Tuli said. Kolkata-based Starmark, too, is expected to roll out products such as t-shirts, notepads, bags, posters, coffee mugs and caps based on the theme.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Aditya Birla Group bids for Lafarge  Holcim ...Aditya Birla Group bids for Lafarge, Holcim units
Sabarinath M, ET Bureau Oct 21, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Aditya Birla Group
(The Kumar Mangalam Birla…)
MUMBAI: The Aditya Birla Group, owned by billionaire Kumar Mangalam Birla, submitted bids on Monday to purchase global assets likely to be carved out of the merger between cement giants Lafarge and Holcim.
UltraTech Cement and other companies belonging to the $40-billion Aditya Birla Group have put in bids for cement units of Lafarge and Holcim in Brazil and the Philippines at an enterprise value of $1.4 billion. The group had identified Brazil as a major place for expansion three years ago. An office was opened and former Hindalco company secretary Anil Jhala was appointed the country head to evaluate opportunities. The Philippines was among the overseas countries where the group started operations several years ago.
An Aditya Birla spokeswoman was unavailable for comments. Holcim and Lafarge SA unveiled a proposal to create the world's largest cement company on April 7, 2014. In July, they also proposed multibillion asset sales to force competition watchdogs to back the proposed deal that will create a $44 billion cement company. They plan to sell units with an enterprise valuation of close to $6.3 billion.
Competition authorities in 15 countries as well as the European Commission are expected to scrutinise the deal which will create an entity with a combined stock market value of more than $55 billion. The Birla group is competing with rival cement companies and private equity funds for these units. Germany's HeidelbergCement AG has teamed up with Votorantim Cimentos SA of Brazil while Cemex SAB of Mexico has joined hands with Irish firm CRH Plc.
Eurocement Holding AG, controlled by billionaire Filaret Galchev, is also in the race. The Birla group move is part of its overall plan to increase cement capacities to 70 million tonne per annum by early 2016 from 63 mtpa.
The group's cement company Ultratech acquired the cement unit of Jaypee Group last year. The acquisition, if and when it happens, may help the group to gain market share without having to build green field factories Aditya Birla Group has been expanding its global footprint post economic liberalisation in 1991. The group concluded 36 acquisitions in 20 countries since Kumar Mangalam Birla came to the helm in 1995 after the untimely death of his father.
Over 50 per cent of the Aditya Birla Group's revenues flow from its overseas operations. It is now present in several countries including, the US, China, Singapore, Russia, South Africa and Spain. It employs close to 50,000 people abroad. Ultratech is also looking for assets in places like Indonesia, Thailand, Malaysia and the Philippines. It is already present in Sri Lanka, UAE and Bahrain. The company had acquired Dubai-based ETA Star Cement for an enterprise valuation of Rs 1,700 crore in 2010.
"Aditya Birla group will be unable to bid for assets carved out of the Lafarge-Holcim merger in some of the market, including India, as a purchase will lead to monopoly in these markets," said a consultant close to the group.
"Hence it is seeking to purchase assets in the growing markets in Brazil and the Philippines which are investing heavily in infrastructure and housing." In its latest Global Economic Prospects report, the World Bank forecasts 'modest but sustained growth' for Latin America's largest economy, estimating that Brazil's GDP will grow by 2.4 per cent in 2014, 2.7 per cent in 2015 and 3.7 per cent in 2016.
The Cement Manufacturers Association of the Philippines (CeMAP) president, Ernesto Ordonez, said that total cement sales for the first half of 2014 reached 10.72 mt, up from 10.14 mt for the first six months of 2013. For the second quarter of 2014 alone, cement sales climbed by 3.2 per cent to 5.52 mt from 5.35 mt in the comparable period of 2013.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Retail biz cashes in on PM Modi s Make in India pushYou are here: Home > Collections
'Make in India' selling well, online and offline retailers cashing in on rising demand
Tasmayee Laha Roy & Pritha Mitra Dasgupta, ET Bureau Oct 21, 2014, 07.11AM IST
Tags:
Atul Chaturvedi
(Prime Minister Narendra Modi's 'Make…)
MUMBAI | KOLKATA: Prime Minister Narendra Modi's 'Make in India' campaign is emerging as a fad among young consumers and several online and offline retailers have started promoting indigenous products and brands to cash in on the trend.
"People aged between 16 and 35 are all asking for Make in India themed merchandise," said Gautam Jatia, CEO at Emami Frank Ross that runs Starmark, a Kolkata-based large-format leisure retail chain. "We have asked our suppliers to work on the theme and come up new stocks on this line. The products shall hit the stores very soon." E-commerce company Shopclues has already launched a 'Make in India' section on its website promoting indigenous products and manufacturers, while another online retailer, Happily Unmarried, which specialises in unique funky apparels and accessories, plans to launch a 'Make in India' merchandise line of collection.
Customised printing company Printvenue said it has received a lot of requests for Make in Indiacaptioned products and it has already made a couple of design templates for mobile screens and laptop sleeves.
"We are getting a lot of requests for Make in India-captioned products and so we have made 2-3 design templates," said Saurabh Kochhar, co-founder and managing director at Printvenue.com. While some retailers are selling apparels, accessories, home ware and other products with the 'Make in India' official logo of a lion printed on them, the government wants individuals and merchants to take prior permission before using the logo.
"We want everyone to use the logo but there has to be a quality to it. The logo can't be distorted on the will and desire of companies or individuals. We are being strict about it so that the logo doesn't lose its character," said Atul Chaturvedi , joint secretary at the Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP). DIPP is yet to register the logo and get a copyright.
Chaturvedi said the department has already sent it for trademark registration. The PM launched the 'Make in India' campaign on September 25 to get Indian and foreign companies to invest in manufacturing in the country, with emphasis on 25 sectors including automobiles, IT and textiles for job creation and skill development.
A top official said DIPP also plans to launch its own line of retail products around the Make in India theme, which is at a nascent stage. Shopclues, which promotes Indian products and brands such as Bombay Dyeing, Nayasa, Micromax, Airtel, Lotus and Himalaya at the 'Make in India' section of its portal, will soon introduce merchandise with 'Make in India' tagline, said Radhika Ghai Aggarwal, co-founder and chief marketing officer at Shopclues.
"The 'Make in India' initiative aims to support local manufacturers, craftsmen, small and medium enterprises and sellers hailing from tier-II and -III towns in the country," she said. Rajat Tuli, co-founder of Happily Unmarried, said the site was flooded with queries for 'Make in India' merchandise within days of the campaign's announcement.
"We will start a series of these products especially t-shirts and magnets that people are asking for the most, as soon as we get to know about the norms of producing the tagline and the logo on our items," Tuli said. Kolkata-based Starmark, too, is expected to roll out products such as t-shirts, notepads, bags, posters, coffee mugs and caps based on the theme.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jihadists Renew Attacks in IraqJihadists Renew Attacks in Iraq
GLOBAL MARKETS-Asian shares tread water as China GDP awaitedGLOBAL MARKETS-Asian shares tread water as China GDP awaited
Sensex gains 321 pts on reforms push  state pollsSensex gains 321 pts on reforms push  state polls
Hong Kong students  officials set for first talks on political crisisHong Kong students  officials set for first talks on political crisis
Allocate spectrum to telcos within 90 days after paymentAllocate spectrum to telcos within 90 days after payment
Rhetoric heats up in Brazils election with candidates neck and neckSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Pre-market: Nifty seen opening higher; may reclaim 7900GEPL Capital
NEW DELHI: The 50-share Nifty index is expected to open higher on Tuesday following positive trend seen in other Asian markets. Tracking the momentum, the index is expected to reclaim its crucial psychological level of 7900 in trade today.
At 07:30 a.m., Nifty India stock futures in Singapore were trading points 26.50 higher at 7,928.50 indicating a positive opening on the domestic market.
Nifty started the week with a gap-up opening, but remained range bound throughout the session. The index closed 99 points higher at 7879 and Sensex ended 321.32 points higher at 26429.85 (+1.30%) on the first day of the week ahead of the festive season.
Now, Nifty may face multiple resistance at 7930 - 7980 range. However, the previous weekly close of Nifty was below the key support level of 7840 on a weekly closing basis which confirms further weakness till at least 7660 which may possibly even extend lower till 7540 which is an important swing low.
"The decline is highly possible as the price has confirmed the reversal after the warning signs that were in place for several weeks on the weekly chart in the form of negative divergences registered by the momentum measures," GEPL Capital said in a report.
"We recommend avoiding fresh longs till the time Nifty trades below the level of 7980. On any bounce back the index may now face resistance near 7930 to 7960 range," added the report.
The brokerage firm is of the view that higher up the level of 7980 is a very strong resistance for the index and weakness would persist till the time 7930 is not conquered decisively.
Overnight, U.S. stocks ended higher on investor hopes for a strong earnings season, but IBM's disappointing results limited gains.
"IBM shares slumped 7.1 percent to $169.10, the biggest drag on both the Dow and S&P 500, after third-quarter earnings fell well short of Wall Street expectations," Reuters reported.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 19.26 points, or 0.12 per cent, to 16,399.67, the S&P 500 gained 17.25 points, or 0.91 per cent, to 1,904.01 and the Nasdaq Composite added 57.64 points, or 1.35 per cent, to 4,316.07.
The much awaited Chinese GDP data came slightly ahead of estimates. China economy grew at 7.3 per cent in the third quarter as compared to 7.2 per cent estimated by analysts.
Asian shares were trading mixed. Japan's Nikkei 225 index which was trading 0.54 per cent lower at 15,031 and Hong Kong's Hang Seng index was trading 0.50 per cent higher at 23,188.
South Korea's Kospi index was trading 0.85 per cent lower at 1,913 and China's Shanghai index was trading 0.07 per cent higher at 2,358.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Hero MotoCorp to soon pump in Rs 5 000 crore in capacity buildingHero MotoCorp to soon pump in Rs 5 000 crore in capacity building
Amazon strikes new e-book deal with Simon & SchusterAmazon strikes new e-book deal with Simon & Schuster
PSU bank trio in a spot in UKPSU bank trio in a spot in UK
Banks rally on rate cut hopes post diesel deregulationBanks rally on hopes of rate cut post diesel deregulation
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 20, 2014, 10.47AM IST
(The diesel price has been…)
MUMBAI: The S&P BSE Bankex is one of the major sectoral gainers in trade after the government announced reforms in oil & gas sector.
The diesel price has been deregulated from midnight of 18 October 2014and gas price was hiked to $5.6/mmbtu from $4.2/mmbtu.
According to analysts, diesel deregulation will have a positive impact on banking stocks as it will help in reigning inflation and bring down interest rates substantially lower.
"These steps taken by the government removes the "hidden inflation" component and the implicit uncertainty over inflation forecasts. In turn, this will lead to softening of 10 year G-Sec yields by 100-150 bps over the next 12-18 months even as RBI cautiously restricts Repo rate cuts to 25-50 bps (H1 CY 15)," said Axis Capital note.
"The entire BFSI space will benefit from an improved liquidity situation that will bring down the cost of funds for the system and improve credit demand. PSU Banks stand to benefit significantly from MTM treasury gains if yields decline (mainly due to the large bond book). It will also help them to shore up their coverage ratios," the report added.
According to Prakash Diwan, Director, Altamount Capital Management, any change in economy whether it is at capital goods side, consumption or infrastructure, needs help of banks.
With no state elections in the near future, the government is expected to announce more reforms.
"Unfortunately banks have not moved much and many are trading at pre-general election levels. This is the sector which will surprise people o the positive side. I would advise to buy banks particularly some of the PSU banks," he said.
Axis Capital has maintained its preference for large private banks and select PSU Banks based on risk return trade-off.
"Reform of fuel prices will be a game changer for government finances and "bulletproof" India's balance sheet. If crude prices remain around the same levels during the current FY, deregulation will reduce FY15E and FY16E gross under-recoveries to ~Rs 850 billion and ~Rs 500 billion (vs Rs 1.4 trillion in FY14) respectively," the report said.
At 10:20 a.m.' the S&P BSE Bankex was up 2.15 per cent against 1.26 per cent rise on the Sensex.
Punjab National Bank (up 3.60 per cent), Axis Bank (up 2.95 per cent), Kotak Bank (up 2.61 per cent), Yes Bank (2.44 per cent) and SBI (2.21 per cent) were among the top BSE Bankex gainers.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ambulance case: With Gehlot  Pilot accused  Raje agrees to CBI inquiryComments
Rajasthan chief minister Vasundhara Raje on Monday gave the nod for recommending a CBI inquiry into a case of irregularities in 108-ambulance operations in which former CM Ashok Gehlot, state Congress chief Sachin Pilot and a number of senior Congress leaders are named as accused. The Rajasthan home department will now write to the agency for investigating the matter.
The FIR was filed at the Ashok Nagar police station in June this year on the basis of a police probe into a complaint filed by former Jaipur mayor Pankaj Joshi. Joshi had alleged that there were financial irregularities to the tune of R2.56 crore in the operations of 108-ambulance. He alleged the previous Congress government had favoured Ziqitza healthcare limited to run the ambulance services in the state and that the company was overpaid.
Joshi alleged the company was hired in a non-transparent manner to provide the service under National Rural Health Mission due to its strong political connections. The case was filed under sections 420 (cheating), 467, 468, 471 and 120B of the IPC and the matter handed over to the crime investigation department (CID) of the state police.
The case also named state former Rajasthan health minister AA Khan, Karti Chidambaram (son of former Union minister P Chidambaram), Ravi Krishna (son of former Union minister Vayalar Ravi), Shafi Mather former secretary of Rahul Gandhi and Shweta Mangal, then CEO of Ziqitza healthcare limited.

Dhaula Kuan gangrape: All 5 convicts get life in jailComments
A Delhi court on Monday sentenced five men to life imprisonment for abducting and gangraping a call centre worker about four years ago, a sensational case that first drew attention to safety of women working late shifts in the city.
The gang rape of the 30-year-old woman, known as the Dhaula Kuan gang rape, transfixed the city for weeks and was one of the first cases that highlighted growing sexual violence against women in Delhi, where thousands of women work in call centres.
Additional sessions judge Virender Bhat also imposed a Rs. 50,000 fine on Usman, Shamshad, Shahid, Iqbal and Kamruddin to be paid to the woman to compensate for the trauma.The judge said the fine will be handed over to the rape survivor who was traumatised into leaving her lucrative job after the incident.
While the verdict was being read out, Shahid lost consciousness and had trouble breathing. He was taken away to the medics by police. His family had a breakdown outside the courtroom as they watched him being taken away.
The judge's order on the sentence echoed the words of the public prosecutor Satwinder Kaur who had urged the court to hand out the maximum punishment of life imprisonment, saying the men had a criminal record.
The court agreed with Kaur, saying "rape is a serious blow to the honour and dignity of the victim". It added that "a liberal attitude shown towards the offenders, particularly rape convicts by imposing meagre sentences or taking a sympathetic view merely on account of family background ....is against the societal interest".
Police say the men abducted the woman on November 24, 2010 while she was walking home with a colleague near Dhaula Kuan after being dropped off by an office cab after midnight.
They grabbed the women, threatened them with a country-made pistol and tried to force them into their vehicle, but the victim’s friend managed to escape after a brief struggle and call police. The five men drove to west Delhi’s Mangolpuri where they took turns raping her and then dumped her on an isolated road.
After the incident, Delhi Police ordered call centres in the NCR to drop female employees home safely and provide them security while travelling at night. The department also instructed PCR vans to be visible on roads and one officer to remain outside every such vehicle at all times.
Defence counsel Amit Srivastava told the court his client, Usman, had an alibi for the night: he was at a hospital for his youngest daughter’s birth. The judge dismissed the submission, saying it was "too late in the day to raise a fresh alibi".
The defence had also requested that the time served by the convicts -- nearly four years -- should be taken into account during the sentencing and they should be released at the earliest as the men were the sole bread winners for their families.

Bengal: Terror houses mushroom on government land  NIA widens probeComments
The National Investigative Agency (NIA), probing the Burdwan blast, decided to examine the role of the West Bengal government in the case after discovering houses built on government land by suspected militants.
On October 18, agency sleuths found three houses constructed on approximately one bigha (14,400 sq ft) of land in Muluk village just outside Bolpur, the district headquarters of Birbhum.
Read: NIA faces flak for using teen to find IEDs
"Our primary investigation has revealed that three buildings, where terrorists were running a suspected training centre, came up on a land belonging to the government," a senior NIA official told HT on Monday.
All the occupants - except one, Mithu Sheikh - disappeared after the October 2 blast, and security forces are sure they were active participants in the terror network that Bangladeshi operatives were spreading in Bengal. NIA has arrested Mithu Sheikh and expect to get vital leads from him.
Read: 39 IEDs, explosives recovered in Burdwan house
NIA officers had on Saturday seized, among other things, computers, data cards, and documents related to jihadi teachings, from the houses.
Sources at the block land and land revenue officer (BLLRO) told HT that the land originally belonged to a local zamindar and was vested with the government under the Barga act and was handed over to the tribals. Records show a local cloth merchant forged documents and sold the plot to Mithu Sheikh, Talehar Sheikh and Abdul Mallik - who are now under the NIA radar - in 2011.

3G spectrum pricing after quantity is fixed:...Narendra Modi
(Trai is set to ask the telecom…)
NEW DELHI: The telecom regulator is set to ask the telecom department to specify the quantity of 3G spectrum it plans to auction, without which it becomes difficult to issue an accurate pricing recommendation.
Rahul Khullar , chairman of the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India ( Trai ), said it had received a communication from the department of telecommunications (DoT) on Friday to recommend a reserve price for 3G spectrum, or the 2100 MHz band, for 4G airwaves in the 2300 MHz band and for bandwidth in the 2500 MHz band, which can be used for wifi or 4G LTE.
DoT has sought Trai's recommendations for setting the floor price for 3G spectrum even though the defence ministry is yet to agree to swapping airwaves with the department to free up some 15 MHz of airwaves in the 2100 MHz band. With this additional bandwidth, the government could accommodate up to four operators across the country for 3G spectrum.
Operators including top carriers Vodafone India and Bharti Airtel have been urging DoT to auction more 3G bandwidth, saying it would allow them to expand their high-speed network across the country and ultimately help achieve the government's target of 600 million broadband users by 2020. This would also tie in with Prime Minister Narendra Modi's ambitious Digital India initiative which envisages delivering various services across the length and breadth of the country through mobile phones.
Khullar said that once he's done with the pricing recommendations, his top priorities for the next six months include finalizing proposals on increasing broadband speed and penetration, interconnect usage charges, mobile virtual network operators (MVNOs) and adjusted gross revenue. The regulator last week recommended that the government must go ahead with its proposed February auctions only if it can sell enough airwaves across multiple bands of 800 MHz/900 Mhz/1800 MHz and 2100 MHz together. Otherwise it should postpone the auctions to avoid a scramble for airwaves among operators, something that could have a deleterious impact on the industry.
"Holding auctions as is will set the industry back by three to four years," Khullar said. However, officials in the telecom department said that it will be difficult to auction airwaves in all the frequencies in such a short time.
FEATURED ARTICLES

No surge in trade deficit owing to biz pacts...You are here: Home > Collections > Asean
Study shows no surge in trade deficit owing to business pacts
ET Bureau Oct 21, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
ASEAN
(The study has found no material…)
NEW DELHI: The free trade pacts India has signed with various countries have not led to a surge in trade deficit , the commerce department has concluded after a study, underplaying concerns that the country's manufacturing has been hit by these pacts.
The study has found no material increase in raw material import from partner countries; instead the share of intermediary goods imports has increased, indicating that India is becoming part of regional value chain of South Asia.
On the exports side, the study has concluded that India has not become a raw material exporter, as feared. On the contrary, the share of intermediate and capital foods exports has increased, which could be linked to value addition of our exports, the department said in a statement.
However, it did not provide any concrete data to substantiate its claims on the impact of FTAs on domestic manufacturing. Neither does the government have data on exports using the preferential route, which it is trying to fetch from the partner countries.
"We will shortly share data on preferential imports with those countries, only after which we will get export data from them," said a commerce department official. Government is also looking at ways to get preferential export data through modification of the format for filing of data in the electronic shipping bill, to enable customs to capture the data. This mechanism would likely to be put in place from next year onwards. India has so far entered into FTAs with Japan, Singapore, South Korea, Malaysia, Asean and South Asia.
Indian industry and some government departments, including DIPP, steel ministry and finance ministry have raised serious concerns about these pacts on how they are impacting domestic manufacturing.
Last week commerce and industry minister Nirmala Sitharaman had said, "There is a feeling that some of the FTAs are benefiting the partner countries and there is absolutely no discord between finance and commerce ministries in this regard. We in the commerce ministry want better utilisation of the agreements for increasing exports from the country. The government will ensure that."
The analysis on impact of FTAs showed that "the imports have not increased to any level that would create concerns and we have not become suppliers of raw materials. This is the good part", the officials said.
The study shows that India's total imports through the preferential duty route from Asean, Singapore, South Korea and Japan stood at 14.5%, 10.8%, 21.8 % and 22.4%, respectively.
Imports have been low under the preferential tariff route offered under the FTA because of tough Rules of Origin (ROO) norms, which call for high value addition for imported products to qualify for FTA benefits, the official said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Stock broking industry gears up for an intense price warStock broking industry to see an intense price war
Rajesh Mascarenhas, ET Bureau Oct 21, 2014, 05.33AM IST
Tags:
Amazon
(The flat-fee brokerage…)
MUMBAI: A price war, similar to the one witnessed among e-commerce biggies Flipkart, Snapdeal and Amazon, is set to break out in the stock broking industry, where players are embarking on some aggressive undercutting.
IIFL will launch a new trading portal with the lowest brokerage rate in the industry yet. Traders on this platform will be able to buy or sell shares at a flat fee of Rs 9.99 per order. This is lower than what successful discount broking firms such as Bangalorebased Zerodha and RKSV in Mumbai charge. These new entrants are charging Rs 15-20 per order. Smaller peers TradeSmartOnline and MyValueTrade, charge Rs15 and Rs10 per order, respectively.
IIFL's move is expected to prompt large rivals such as ICICIDirect, Sharekhan, Motilal Oswal Financial Services, Kotak Securities, and Axis Capital, among others, to follow suit. "We will revolutionise the online stock broking industry before the beginning of the next bullrun," said Nirmal Jain, chairman, IIFL. In a combative mood, he said, "We will not stop there; we can go to any extent if rivals enter a pricing war with us."
Some relatively smaller firms have already started flat-fee brokerage platforms. For instance, Asit C Mehta, one of the older broking firms, recently launched a portal Easytradez that offers free unlimited trade for the first month and charges a flat Rs20 per order for option trade thereafter. Another Mumbaibased firm Ventura Securities offers a flat brokerage of Rs18 per order in the option segment.
The flat-fee brokerage system works alongside the practice of allowing traders to execute trades online, as opposed to calling up a broker. It's hugely popular in the US, where online brokers are referred to as 'discount brokers', and the concept is known as 'discount brokerage'. On such platforms, traders can buy or sell at apre-determined rate, irrespective of the size of the order. This works out cheaper for traders, especially those who deal in options and who trade in large quantities. For instance, buying one lot of Nifty options would involve a brokerage of Rs100 at most broking firms. So, if a trader bought 10 lots, the brokerage would be Rs 1,000. If the same is done online through a discount broking platform and in one order, the trader would pay only Rs 10-20 (depending on the broker).
  But, unlike the traditional system where clients call up their relationship managers to punch their trades, investors have to transact on their own through the portals. "It's good news for retail investors who understand the cost benefits, and we have seen more clients going for online trading of late," said Arun Kejriwal, chief executive, KRIS research, an investment advisory firm. "For brokerages, the major cost is real estate and staff, and for the new business models, these costs are minimal."
The entry of a large firm like IIFL into the flat-brokerage business is clear indication of the dynamics of the industry changing, said officials. "So far, traditional brokers were reluctant to adopt this module fearing cannibalisation of existing customer," said Sudip Bandyopadhyay, managing director & chief executive officer, Destimoney Securities.
Now, the older and larger firms have been forced to offer this system as only the new entrants to the brokerage industry such as Zerodha and RKSV, which started after 2009, have added clients and grown in profits in the last five years. "It's an interesting news about big players following our business model. They have to reduce their prices to survive in this business," said Nitin Kamath, founer & CEO, Zerodha. "We are not worried about the price war as we have revolutionised the technology part and today we are much ahead of any player in India in terms of technology."
Zerodha has about 45,000 retail clients with a daily turnover of Rs 4,000-5,000 crore across segments. In contrast, established brokerages India Infoline and Motilal Oswal Financial Services claim to have 8,00,000 to 10-lakh retail clients. Jain said his target is to get as many as IIFL's retail clients, in addition to the new ones, to trade on the flat-fee platform.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Publishing houses join hands against Flipkar...Publishing houses join hands to stop predatory pricing by Flipkart and Amazon
Varun Aggarwal, ET Bureau Oct 21, 2014, 04.39AM IST
Tags:
Amazon
(Representatives from hundreds…)
BANGALORE: Brick-and-mortar traders detest them for selling at cut-rate prices. Brands accuse them of diluting their worth. And they are also in the bad books of publishers who are now threatening to sue online retailers for what they believe is predatory pricing that threatens their survival.
On October 30, representatives from hundreds of publishers who have grouped themselves into three associations will meet in New Delhi to decide on legal actions to be taken against online retailers Flipkart and Amazon.
"We tried talking to Flipkart and Amazon about the pricing issue but they've become too big for our voice to reach them," said one of the publishers who is a part of the alliance that counts Rupa , Penguin Random House and Hachette as members. "Therefore, we decided to take the legal route." The associations include Federation of Indian Publishers, Delhi State Booksellers and Publishers Association, and Federation of Publishers and Bookseller's Association.
They accuse online retailers of selling books below cost in many cases, potentially hurting the industry in the long run. The primary worry is that it will be difficult to raise book prices in future as customers become used to paying less. Moreover, online retailers Flipkart and Amazon could end up as a duopoly.
Amazon's recent kerfuffle with Hachette where it was accused of trying to dictate pricing and other terms to the French publisher has only made the Indian publishing houses more worried. Brick-and-mortar retailers said online retailers are hurting them.
"Amazon and Flipkart are creating a duopolistic environment, which is destroying the publishing industry," said Kinjal Shah, CEO of Crossword Bookstore . "They are getting into predatory pricing—selling 10-20% below the purchase price, making it absolutely impossible for anyone else to compete with them over price." According to industry body FICCI, the Indian publishing industry is worth Rs 12,000 crore and is growing at about 25% annually.
But the online retailers said they are only platforms where others sell their wares. "Sellers are the ones who decide on the pricing of their products—and only they can change these prices," said Gaurav Gupta, director of retail at Flipkart. An Amazon spokesperson took a similar stance: "We are a marketplace platform that enables Indian merchants to sell products to consumers across India. We do not determine prices, our sellers do."
While both Amazon and Flipkart are marketplaces in India, publishers said online retailers use their marketing funds, called user-acquisition funds, to provide additional discounts to consumers. In some cases, sellers are refunded extra money, to offer higher discount, multiple sources told ET.
"Flipkart buys books from us and then sells them at a deeper discount through WS Retail," said Siddharth Agarwal, head of business development at Future Educare, a Kolkata-based publisher and book distributor. "Since books have low return rates and are bought by mostly the educated class, they act as the easiest way to acquire a customer."
Ranjan Kaul, managing director of Oxford University Press India, said the publishing house is currently in no position to make Flipkart or Amazon to limit discounting.
"Deep discounting on ecommerce websites, sometimes more than the discount that we offer them, could lead to dilution of our brand and will impact our pricing," said Kaul. Harlequin, which sells popular series Mills and Boons, is also under margin pressures because of these discounting practices.
"Due to heavy discounting, consumers are getting used to low-priced books, making it hard for us to increase prices. This is impacting our margins as our paper costs, people costs, etc, are constantly rising," said Amrita Chowdhury, country head and publishing director of Harlequin India.
Harlequin sells about 20% of its books through online retailers. Even authors are voicing their opinion against these retailers. "Online stores are not convenient for browsing as against a physical bookstore where people spend hours discovering new titles," said Amish Tripathi, author of the bestselling Shiva Trilogy.
"This creates a problem for new authors who find it difficult to be visible on these sites."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Govt ignites coal overhaul  to bring in ordinance for auction of blocks to pvt firmsComments
The government plans to put up coal mines for bidding by private steel, power and cement companies and introduce changes in the law to enable commercial mining in the future, signalling its intent to fully open the sector to private players.
The new auction-based system will replace the earlier controversial policy of allotting coal blocks based on recommendations of a panel of bureaucrats, which the Supreme Court had struck down last month as arbitrary. The Court had cancelled 214 blocks allotted since 1993, a move that threatened a nascent economic recovery.
Read: Gold import curbs could be back after Diwali
The measures, announced on Monday by finance minister Arun Jaitley and coal and power minister Piyush Goyal, follow close on the heels of labour and fuel sector reforms and are likely to go down well with markets.
“The Cabinet has recommended promulgation of an Ordinance to the President in order to resolve the pending issues particularly the situation arising out of the Supreme Court judgement quashing the allocation of the coal blocks,” Jaitley told a press conference after a cabinet meeting that approved the decision.
Currently only steel, power and cement companies are allowed to own mines for their own use. But in the future there could be commercial use of mines, a move that would enable private companies to get into trading coal and break the monopoly of public sector monolith Coal India.
“There will be an enabling provision for the future where under rules which are framed for commercial users of mines could also be decided by the Central government. This would lead to an optimal utilisation of the natural resource,” Goyal said. He added that power prices could fall as a result.
Jaitley vehemently denied a suggestion whether the process could be termed as “de-nationalisation” of the coal sector saying, “The original Nationalisation Act remains and will remain and Coal India Ltd will be fully protected.”
The government will allot mines directly to state-owned companies like NTPC and state electricity boards, and only companies incorporated in India will be allowed to participate in bids.
“The actual users of coal in the cement, steel and power sectors who apply for a certain number of coal mines will be put in the pool and there would be an e-auction. A sufficient and adequate number of mines would be put so that actual users go back with the mines,” Jaitley said.
“The entire mess that the UPA had left behind from 2005 onwards over the next four months would be cleaned up,” he said, adding coal worth $20 billion (about Rs. 1.26 lakh crore) which was being imported annually would be domestically substituted through this measure.
Coal-rich states Jharkhand, Odisha, West Bengal and Chhattisgarh, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra and Andhra Pradesh would make big fiscal gains from the auctions, a fact that could endear the ruling BJP to the electorate in any of those states going to assembly polls in the next few years.
India’s estimated coal reserves now stand at 301 billion tonnes, the fifth highest in the world, but companies still have to import as large number of mines remain unused.
More than half of India’s power is produced from coal. State-owned Coal India, accounts for nearly 80% of the country’s coal output, but it isn’t enough to meet India’s rising energy demand.
India’s coal imports jumped more than three times in the last eight years—from 41.2 million tonnes in 2005-06 to 140.6 million tonnes in 2012-13.
The previous UPA government had come a under relentless attack after India’s national auditor Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) in a report in 2012 suggested that the arbitrary allocation of coalfields may have robbed the exchequer of potential revenues of Rs. 1.86 lakh crore between 2004 and 2011.
“We sincerely hope that benefits of the auction of coal blocks will go to actual users and percolate down to the consumers. At the same time, we also caution the government to weave in necessary parameters and safeguards to ensure these benefits reach the ultimate consumers,” Congress spokesperson Randeep Singh Surjewala said.
 

Maharashtra: BJP in no hurry  says Sena can join govt without pre-conditionsComments
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) is in no hurry to form a government in Maharashtra, hoping to wear down its former ally, the Shiv Sena, into offering unconditional support as political negotiations over who will rule the state gathered momentum on Monday.
 
Speculation swirled about whether the BJP would join hands with the National Congress Party (NCP), which has already offered outside support, or turn to the Shiv Sena, with whom it snapped a 25-year-old alliance days before the assembly election.
Maharashtra BJP workers celebrate their election victory outside the party office in Nariman Point in Mumbai. (Vijayanand Gupta/HT Photo)
Read: Sena hopes for best, ready for worst
Though the BJP is 22 seats short of a majority in the 288-member assembly, it has an upper hand in negotiations with future allies because it is the single largest party with 123 seats compared with the Shiv Sena’s 63 seats. However, it still needs to team up with one of the opposition parties for a majority of 145.
“Our primary aim is to run the government without the Sena’s support,” said a senior BJP leader. “We are in no hurry. If the Sena wants, it may join us but without any condition.”
 
The BJP has not yet decided on accepting the NCP’s offer, but it has begun talks with smaller parties and independents who together have 19 seats. Party sources said they would get the support of at least 16, taking its tally to 139. Two each from the All India Majlis-E-Ittehadul Muslimeen (AIMIM) and Samajwadi Party may even stay neutral.
All possibilities, including the extension of President’s Rule or poaching a group of MLAs from other parties are also being considered, they added.
Read: Congress asked us to jointly back Sena: Sharad Pawar
 
The BJP kept its suitors waiting as Prime Minister Narendra Modi and party president Amit Shah met union transport minister Nitin Gadkari on Monday, sparking speculation in party circles that they wanted him to take over as chief minister.
 
Party MLAs are likely to meet in Mumbai on Tuesday to select their chief ministerial candidate. State party chief Devendra Fadnavis, the 44-year-old fourth-term MLA from Nagpur, still looked like a front-runner for the top job. He is seen as having an edge because he has the backing of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) and has a clean image.
Read: RSS says it's up to BJP to decide on accepting NCP offer, Shiv Sena kept guessing  
Watch: BJP will decide what to do on NCP offer: RSS
State leaders felt the party should have an alliance with the Sena but in a revised format. Sources said the Sena has certain demands, including the deputy chief minister’s position, one-third of ministerial berths with key portfolios and a promise that the BJP-led government will not split Maharashtra to create Vidarbha state.
 
They said the Shiv Sena wanted a plum share in government in line with a formula the two parties have had in place since the first time they ruled together between 1995 and 1999. The BJP rejected the formula and sought a deal under which the Shiv Sena will get a share based on its strength.
 
Under the old formula – which was also adopted by successive Congress-Nationalist Congress Party governments in the past 15 years -- the chief minister’s post goes to the party with more seats while important ministries such as home, finance, rural development, public health go to the second-largest party.
 
“Even our MLAs want us to forge an alliance with the Sena on a condition that they do not suffer at the hands of the ex-ally’s arrogant ways. Even grassroot workers from both parties who fought each other in the elections are ready to patch up in view of their old association,” said a leader who is part of the state’s core committee.
 

Saudi man s American wife files for divorce via e-mailprint
An American woman has been allowed to file for divorce from her Saudi husband via e-mail after the man left the US with her three children and prevented her from seeing them.
The judge at an American court agreed to the request made by the woman after she proved that she could no longer communicate with him in any other way, Arab News reported.
An arrest warrant has been issued against the man for kidnapping the children and refusing to return to the country, which is a violation of the custody rights previously granted to the mother, in addition to failing to attend a hearing in the matter.
Jessica, who filed for divorce last April, said that they have been married since June 2004.
"I am tired of being married to a person who took my kids from me and continues to deprive me of seeing them, while doing everything in his power to make our lives miserable," she said.
The husband was a master's degree student at the Shippensburg University of Pennsylvania and left the country on November 24 last year with his children, 9-year-old Mohammed, 7-year-old Ibrahim, and 5-year-old Ilyas, after the court granted them approval to visit their father.
The court saw evidence confirming that he had received official documents via e-mail before.

Govt ignites coal overhaul  to bring in ordinance for e-auction of blocks to private firmsComments
The government plans to put up coal mines for bidding by private steel, power and cement companies and introduce changes in the law to enable commercial mining in the future, signalling its intent to fully open the sector to private players.
The new auction-based system will replace the earlier controversial policy of allotting coal blocks based on recommendations of a panel of bureaucrats, which the Supreme Court had struck down last month as arbitrary. The Court had cancelled 214 blocks allotted since 1993, a move that threatened a nascent economic recovery.
Read: Gold import curbs could be back after Diwali
The measures, announced on Monday by finance minister Arun Jaitley and coal and power minister Piyush Goyal, follow close on the heels of labour and fuel sector reforms and are likely to go down well with markets.
“The Cabinet has recommended promulgation of an Ordinance to the President in order to resolve the pending issues particularly the situation arising out of the Supreme Court judgement quashing the allocation of the coal blocks,” Jaitley told a press conference after a cabinet meeting that approved the decision.
Currently only steel, power and cement companies are allowed to own mines for their own use. But in the future there could be commercial use of mines, a move that would enable private companies to get into trading coal and break the monopoly of public sector monolith Coal India.
“There will be an enabling provision for the future where under rules which are framed for commercial users of mines could also be decided by the Central government. This would lead to an optimal utilisation of the natural resource,” Goyal said. He added that power prices could fall as a result.
Jaitley vehemently denied a suggestion whether the process could be termed as “de-nationalisation” of the coal sector saying, “The original Nationalisation Act remains and will remain and Coal India Ltd will be fully protected.”
The government will allot mines directly to state-owned companies like NTPC and state electricity boards, and only companies incorporated in India will be allowed to participate in bids.
“The actual users of coal in the cement, steel and power sectors who apply for a certain number of coal mines will be put in the pool and there would be an e-auction. A sufficient and adequate number of mines would be put so that actual users go back with the mines,” Jaitley said.
“The entire mess that the UPA had left behind from 2005 onwards over the next four months would be cleaned up,” he said, adding coal worth $20 billion (about Rs. 1.26 lakh crore) which was being imported annually would be domestically substituted through this measure.
Coal-rich states Jharkhand, Odisha, West Bengal and Chhattisgarh, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra and Andhra Pradesh would make big fiscal gains from the auctions, a fact that could endear the ruling BJP to the electorate in any of those states going to assembly polls in the next few years.
India’s estimated coal reserves now stand at 301 billion tonnes, the fifth highest in the world, but companies still have to import as large number of mines remain unused.
More than half of India’s power is produced from coal. State-owned Coal India, accounts for nearly 80% of the country’s coal output, but it isn’t enough to meet India’s rising energy demand.
India’s coal imports jumped more than three times in the last eight years—from 41.2 million tonnes in 2005-06 to 140.6 million tonnes in 2012-13.
The previous UPA government had come a under relentless attack after India’s national auditor Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) in a report in 2012 suggested that the arbitrary allocation of coalfields may have robbed the exchequer of potential revenues of Rs. 1.86 lakh crore between 2004 and 2011.
“We sincerely hope that benefits of the auction of coal blocks will go to actual users and percolate down to the consumers. At the same time, we also caution the government to weave in necessary parameters and safeguards to ensure these benefits reach the ultimate consumers,” Congress spokesperson Randeep Singh Surjewala said.
 

Delhi: Another attack on cops  2 constables beaten up by drunksComments
A group of seven people attacked two Delhi Police constables with bricks and stones on Sunday evening after the policemen stopped them from drinking and gambling in public at west Delhi’s Nawada near Uttam Nagar.
The attackers also snatched a revolver and a wireless set from one of the constables, both of which were recovered later, sources said. Four people have been arrested and a minor has been apprehended in the case.
This is the fourth case of attack on police personnel in less than a month. The incident came just three days after ACP Amit Singh was brutally attacked by three people in a road rage incident in south Delhi. The year has reported 23 cases of assault on police personnel with four deaths on duty.
On Sunday, constables Mandeep and Satendra were patrolling near Nawada Metro station around 7.30pm when they were approached by a man who alleged his wallet had been stolen by a group of men, sources said. Both policemen were in uniform.
“The man took the constables to a construction site where seven people were drinking and gambling. When questioned, the accused began pelting bricks at them and even hit a policeman on the head with a stick,” said a senior police officer.
Police reinforcements arrived after one of the constables managed to inform the local station.
Two of the accused managed to escape but the others were too inebriated to even run away.
“The injured constables were taken to Deen Dayal Upadhyay Hospital and were discharged later in the night after medical attention. Most of the arrested work odd jobs such as cleaning vehicles and guarding buildings,” added the officer.
Taking into account the increasing number of attack on policemen, Delhi Police commissioner BS Bassi asked district DCPs to organise special training sessions. Moreover, the Delhi traffic police have asked its personnel to be armed while conducting vehicle checks at night.

Haryana: BJP MLAs to meet in Chandigarh to elect leaderComments
Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) activist and first-time Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) legislator Manohar Lal Khattar on Tuesday was selected as the leader of state legislature party (SLP) in Haryana and will be the new chief minister.
Manohar Lal Khattar, along with his supporters, celebrates his win in Karnal assembly constituency in Haryana. (HT Photo)
The 47 newly elected BJP MLAs in Haryana met in Chandigarh to come to a decision, with Union minister M Venkaiah Naidu and BJP's vice-president Dinesh Sharma overseeing the process at the legislature party meeting.
Khattar – a Punjabi – faced competition from Brahmin leader Ram Bilas Sharma, who was elected from Mahendergarh, and Jat leader Captain Abhimanyu, the Narnaund MLA. He will be sworn in October 26, according to TV reports.
 
Sixty-year-old Khattar, a sworn bachelor, has the backup of the RSS is seen as close to Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who endorsed his name on Sunday for the CM's post in Haryana.
Union Minister Venkaiah Naidu arrives in Chandigarh for BJP MLAs meeting pic.twitter.com/TzjNhPzlex
— ANI (@ANI_news) October 21, 2014
Khattar's selection silenced his critics, who said he lacks administrative experience as well as a popular base.
Khattar, often dubbed an "outsider" by rivals, also outdid the Jat-Punjabi rivalry that runs deep in the northern state.
"The majority view is in favour of having a non-Jat as chief minister," a BJP leader had said earlier.
Khattar, who has been an RSS pracharak for the past 40 years and an active BJP member for more than 20 years, won the Karnal seat with a big margin of more than 63,000 votes in his debut election.
He belongs to Rohtak's Nindana village.
 
Khattar has worked as an organising secretary in Haryana BJP when Modi was the in-charge of party affairs in the state.
The very fact that the BJP fielded him from Karnal, considered a rather safe seat for the party, gave ample indication of its plans for the Punjabi leader.
The BJP created history in the 90-member Haryana assembly by increasing its tally from a miniscule four seats to poll-winning 47. The party's vote share, too, galloped from 9% to 33%.

In days of ISL glitz  Mohammedan Sporting disband senior teamprint
The bright light made the patch near a busy central Kolkata crossing look darker than usual. As rush-hour traffic whizzed by, Amanat Hussain, a lifelong Mohammedan Sporting fan, was telling a television news channel on Monday evening how they would transform the Salt Lake Stadium on some match days.
"The atmosphere would be like an India-Pakistan cricket match. This is a club that has given India so many footballers," he said, standing outside club president Sultan Ahmed's office. Before Hussain, Naveen Das, who said he isn't a club supporter, urged people to help Mohammedan Sporting form the senior football team again.
That was also what Ahmed had said a little earlier. "Help me get a sponsor. I have been with the club for the past 16 years and while we have consciously turned down companies that sell alcohol, no other corporate has shown long-term interest. How long can you run a club with money pooled by a handful of people," he said.
Last season, Ahmed said the 123-year-old club spent approximately Rs. 10 crore on the senior football team which was relegated from the I-League and failed the All India Football Federation's club licensing test. This term, they spent Rs. 1.5 crore but have been struggling to pay salaries, he said.
Mohammedan Sporting will now run junior teams and form a senior side for the Kolkata league in 2015, said Ahmed. "We can't play the Federation Cup in December and don't have the funds to participate in the Durand Cup. We will not play the I-League second division because we won't pass the licensing test if we qualify. So, we will now focus on the youth teams and on upgrading infrastructure instead.
"With the ISL now, Kolkata clubs with a traditional fan base will find it even more difficult to get sponsors," said Ahmed, explaining why the senior football team had to be disbanded.
Ahmed's prediction of a bleak future for traditional powerhouses may or may not come true as the buzz around the Indian Super League grows louder by the day. But the signs are ominous.
Mohun Bagan and East Bengal have had bank accounts frozen by the enforcement directorate which is probing a ponzi scheme. A senior East Bengal official is in jail since August 21 as the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) too investigates this.
Mohun Bagan have pulled out of the Sikkim Governor's Gold Cup and called off practice now. The club's star recruit, Haitian striker Sony Norde, reached Kolkata last month but can't train.
"Every day we are assuring him (Norde) that we would pay him but what can we do now with our account frozen? We are appealing again to the enforcement directorate on Tuesday. We have asked players to report on November 3 but not being able to pay means we can't really force them," said Anjan Mitra, Mohun Bagan general secretary.
East Bengal too have appealed and given the players a holiday since winning the Kolkata league on September 16. They will also restart only on November 3.
United SC, which finished 10th in the 13-team I-League last season, started training last week after scouring unsuccessfully for a backer since mid-2013.
With no Kolkata team winning the I-League since the competition started in 2007, things were bad enough for the city that prides itself as India's football capital.
"The ISL is here to stay and could mean the end of some clubs," said East Bengal coach Armando Colaco, speaking over the phone from Goa.
Unless some clubs relook at how they are run, Colaco could well be right.

Inside Sena war room: Leaders hope for best  ready for worstComments
After being voted to the second position in Maharashtra with 63 seats, things can go either way for the Shiv Sena — it may end up getting the deputy chief minister’s post by becoming a part of the government, or it may have to sit as leader of opposition across the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).
Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray addresses party MPs and MLAs at a meeting in Mumbai. (PTI Photo)
Hoping that the BJP will come to them, Sena leaders are preparing a wish-list where they will ask for one-third ministerial positions, the deputy chief minister’s post and a promise that the state will not be split, a source said.
But this might be of no use if the BJP and allies, which have 123 seats, are able to get independents to join them and accept the Nationalist Congres Party’s outside support. Also, the BJP may not budge on the issue of formation of a separate Vidarbha.
Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray wore an anxious look on Monday as he addressed the Sena winners. According to senior Sena legislators, Uddhav told them that he had extended a hand to the BJP and was now waiting for them to respond.\
On Sunday, Uddhav had called PM Narendra Modi and BJP president Amit Shah and expressed his support to them in forming the government.
However, the Sena chief has also warned his men to be ready to sit in the opposition alongside the Congress. “There is a consensus in the party that if we want to be part of the government then we should get a fair share. But if that doesn’t happen, then the situation will turn. The BJP will challenge us in the BMC. We will have to prepare for civic elections within six months,” a senior Sena legislator said.
Read: BJP in no hurry to form govt, says Sena can join without conditions
By siting in the opposition, the Sena may lose its lone Union ministerial berth, which will have further repercussions for the party in 12 municipal bodies including Mumbai and Thane where it aligns with the BJP.
“Amit Shah once said that it is the Sena, not the Congress, which is the opposition in this election. Sena needs to realise that it is going to face a crisis soon. The BJP will pose a stiff challenge in the next three years and capture all the civic bodies the two parties govern. Sena needs to talk more about development and economics if it wants to win over the new electorate,” said political analyst Prakash Bal.
Sena MP Anil Desai said they were waiting to get a clear picture. “There are no conditions that we have put together. We will first see what they [the BJP] have to offer. Things are moving positively,” he said.

Size matters! iPhone 6  iPhone 6 Plus fetch higher profits for Appleprint
New big-screen iPhones helped propel Apple's profit and revenue in the last quarter, as the California tech giant smashed earnings expectations.
The company reported on Monday that profit rose 13% to $8.5 billion, as revenues jumped to $42.1 billion in the fiscal fourth quarter ending September 27.
The iPhone 6 in an Apple store in Shanghai. (AFP Photo)
Apple said it sold more than 39 million iPhones in the quarter, boosted by last month's launch of the large-screen iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, which hit some markets on September 19. That compared with 33.8 million in the same period a year ago.
The iPhone accounted for more than $23 billion in revenue, over half of Apple's overall earnings for the quarter.
Sales of iPads -- which may have been lower ahead of the October launch of new models -- fell from a year earlier to 12.3 million, producing some $5.3 billion in revenues.
"I view it as a speed bump, not a huge issue," Apple chief executive Tim Cook said of the decline in iPad sales during a conference call with analysts.
"I know there is a popular view the (tablet) market is saturated, we don't see that."
As appetites for tablet have diminished, Apple's market share has slipped to 25%, compared to 70% for the rival Android platform, according to Strategy Analytics.
People are holding onto iPads longer than they do iPhones, and Apple is still researching when consumers typically upgrade to new tablets, according to Cook.
He saw some promising developments for iPad sales, including a recent alliance with IBM to improve tablet capabilities for businesses.
"I am very bullish on where we can take iPad over time," Cook said.
'Blow-away quarter'
Apple sold 5.5 million Mac computers and 2.6 million iPods in the quarter.
Growing Mac sales came as the overall personal computer market shrank.
"On the Mac, it was just an absolutely blow-away quarter," Cook said. "The back-to-school season voted, and the Mac won."
The financial results were the best ever for a September quarter, and the fiscal year that just ended "was one for the record books," Cook said earlier in a statement.
Apple, the world's biggest firm by market value, closed its fiscal year with a profit of $39.5 billion on revenues of nearly $183 billion.
Trip Chowdhry at Global Equities Research said Apple's quarterly report "handsomely beats (expectations) on both top line and bottom line.
"These results validate our investment thesis Apple is a multi-year, multi-product, multi-service and multi-geography growth company."
Apple shares rose 1.47% to $101.23 in after-hours trading following the results.
"Apple continues to hit it out of the park," independent analyst Jeff Kagan said.
"Apple was showing strong growth, year after year, until a couple years ago. That's when they fell and that lasted for a while. However, Apple now appears to be back."
The rise of the 'phablet'
Amit Daryanani at RBC Capital Markets said Apple's guidance for the key upcoming holiday season was also ahead of most predictions.
Apple forecast revenue between $63.5 billion and $66.5 billion and gross profit margins between 37.5% and 38.5%.
"The big upside driver in the quarter was iPhone units," Daryanani said, adding that Apple's forecast "leaves plenty for upside surprises."
Apple last month increased the screen size for its new iPhones, yielding to consumer preference and following a trend started by rivals, including Samsung.
The iPhone 6 Plus is Apple's first product in the growing market for "phablet" phones, which are increasingly replacing tablets.
Apple's smartphone market share is strong in the United States but globally was less than 12% in the second quarter, before the latest launch, according to research firm IDC.
iPhone sales climbed in China despite the new models not being released there until last week, and sales of Mac computers soared even though the overall market for personal computers there contracted, according to Apple.
"It is just an incredible market where people want the latest technology," Cook said of China, adding that the California company is investing heavily there.
Read more:

Navjot Singh Sidhu s biggest SECRETS revealedPhoto uploaded by Neetole Mitra
on Nov 12, 2012 , 09:22 am
6207 Views  |  6  Comments  |  
Report Abuse
Sidhu, the BJP MP from Amritsar and a well known face from Punjab, has been campaigning hard on his own.
Sidhu, the BJP MP from Amritsar and a well known face from Punjab, has been campaigning hard on his own.

Bigg Boss: Natasa Stankovic s HOTTEST photos ever!Photo uploaded by Poornima Grover
on Oct 19, 2014 , 05:56 pm
3236 Views  |  11  Comments  |  
Report Abuse
Serbian model-actress Natasa Stankovic who participated on controversial reality show Bigg Boss to build a career in Bollywood has finally been eliminated from the show.
Serbian model-actress Natasa Stankovic who participated on controversial reality show Bigg Boss to build a career in Bollywood has finally been eliminated from the show.

The REAL side of Narendra Modi revealed!on Sep 16, 2013 , 01:56 pm
46781 Views  |  8  Comments  |  
Report Abuse
Narendra Modi's full name is Narendra Damodardas Modi. As a young teenager Modi used to run a tea stall with his brother.  Image courtesy: Procured via Google Search
Narendra Modi's full name is Narendra Damodardas Modi. As a young teenager Modi used to run a tea stall with his brother.  Image courtesy: Procured via Google Search

Who benefits the most from the diesel price deregulationThree sectors that benefit from diesel deregulation
Simplus Information Services –  Mon 20 Oct, 2014 12:37 PM IST
  Article: Diesel price cut to reduce WPI by 20bp in next two months - Motilal Oswal
Reuters - Mon 20 Oct, 2014 9:13 AM IST
It was long overdue and expected. And it finally happened on Saturday. The government de-regulated diesel prices. This means, from here on, prices of diesel will be based on market prices like petrol. This cuts the government’s expenditure on fuel subsidies – the amount it pays to oil companies for keeping prices of fuel artificially low.
Markets cheered the announcement on Monday. The Sensex jumped 350 points. Not just the benchmark indices, but also all sectoral indices except soared.
Here is a look at the three key sectors benefited by the government move:
·         Oil and gas: This is understandable. Deregulation allows companies to price their fuel products on the basis of market prices. This leaves them with little scope for losses. Yes, the government used to pay the companies a sizable remuneration for their loss, but these often get delayed. As a result, companies are in severe financial stress. After all, the company has to pay an initial amount while buying oil meant to be processed and sold. Now, the de-regulation gets rid of all these financial issues. As companies sell fuel at market-determined rates, their cash flows could improve, thus reducing the overall stress.
·         Auto: Indian customers are very particular about getting their value for money. Their buying decisions are based on the cost of not just the price of the good – car or two-wheeler – but also that of the fuel – petrol, diesel or gas. Now that the government de-regulated diesel, prices of the fuel came down by Rs 3.37/litre. This is a massive discount to customers, which could help increase demand for cars and two-wheelers. Moreover, the move to decontrol comes ahead of Diwali – a key season for sales. This is why stocks of auto companies jumped on hopes of a larger-than-expected rise in sales during the festive season.
·         Banking: Companies in the banking and financial services sector always benefit from an improvement in the economy. The diesel deregulation as well as the rise in gas prices would mean a reduction in the government spend on subsidies. This could help the government control its fiscal deficit – the amount by which its expenditure overshoots the revenue. This means government borrowing will reduce, which in turn will help control inflation and bring down interest rates. Banks always benefit if interest rates are lower. Moreover, the fall in diesel prices could help control inflation, which in turn could cause the RBI to reduce interest rates.
This work is produced by Simplus Information Services Pvt Ltd. Customer engagement through content.
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
MORE ARTICLES FROM THE SAME PROVIDER

It s all over for Kushal and Gauaharby India Newzstreet 0:56 mins
24,800 views
Just after weeks of Tanisha-Armaan break up another adorable couple and ex contestant of Bigg Boss 7, Gauhar Khan and Kushal Tandon split up.
Link

Election shocker to impact Congress resurgenceElection results shocker for Congress, likely to impact its revival
IANS –  Mon 20 Oct, 2014
Print
New Delhi: The results of the Haryana and Maharashtra assembly polls came as a shocker for the Congress and made its revival even more difficult as the party has been defeated in the states that had been its traditional strongholds. The Congress finished third in both the states.
The results once again raised questions on Congress vice president Rahul Gandhi's leadership with no clarity yet about the party's roadmap for restructuring. They also revived demands for giving a more active role to Priyanka Gandhi Vadra, highlighting the party's dependence on the Nehru-Gandhi family.
With the party having received severe drubbing in the Lok Sabha polls, Congress leaders were not expecting a miracle in the assembly election in the two states but the results were below their own assessment.
While Prime Minister Narendra Modi campaigned aggressively in the states addressing about 35 rallies, Congress president Sonia Gandhi and her son Rahul Gandhi participated in fewer rallies.
The defeat came at the hands of Modi and BJP president Amit Shah, who have been talking about "Congress-free" India.
A worrying factor for the Congress is the party's inability to gain ground in the states where it has lost election to the BJP. The Congress has lost successive polls to BJP in Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh and Gujarat.
The results Sunday also resulted in Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) - a key ally of the Congress in the UPA government - virtually joining hands with the BJP. The NCP has offered outside support to the BJP and ended scope of an early realignment with the Congress. The NCP had parted ways with the Congress days before the Lok Sabha polls.
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) is not only seeking to displace Congress from its strongholds, the party is also seeking to gain opposition space in states ruled by the regional parties.
Reduced to 44 seats in the Lok Sabha, the Congress is facing challenge of shrinking social base. The party also has to contend with Modi's growing stature as a campaigner and a national leader.
With polls in Jammu and Kashmir and Jharkhand expected in a few months, the Congress still has to put its act together.
Both Sonia Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi had taken responsibility for the Lok Sabha debacle but no major revamp of the party structure has taken place over the past five months.
In their responses to the polls verdict, both Rahul Gandhi and Sonia Gandhi emphasised that the defeat had come after the party' successive triumphs in Maharashtra and Haryana.
"The Congress party will work hard on the ground to once again earn the confidence of the people," Rahul Gandhi said.
Sonia Gandhi sought to boost morale of workers thanking them for "their tireless and unstinting commitment to the party and its ideology".
A senior party leader told IANS that efforts for revival will be difficult in short term as the Modi government was still carrying the momentum of the Lok Sabha victory.
Congress spokesperson Sanjay Jha said the party was "very disappointed" with the election results of the two states.
He said the party had not been "very aggressive" about its achievements in Haryana and Mahrashtra and needs to reach out to people by all media and platforms.
Jha dismissed suggestions that Rahul Gandhi was not measuring up to the task expected from him.
"He is leading the campaign personally. He takes the full responsibility about crucial decisions. He is leading from the front," Jha told IANS.
He also said that the party worked as "a collective team" and an individual could not be blamed for the failure.
On Priyanka Gandhi Vadra taking a more active role, he said it was for her to take a decision.
"We take the defeat seriously. We will take stock and move forward," he said.
Political commentator and senior journalist S. Nihal Singh said the Congress has been facing difficulties as Rahul Gandhi is not performing the role expected from him.
"The problem is basic. What do you do if the leader does not perform. Where do you go from there. If it is a dynasty-led party, the person concerned has to perform," Nihal Singh said.
A.S. Narang, who teaches political science at IGNOU, also said the problem is the party's leadership.
"They have to introspect about the leadership, organisational programme. They have to find out reasons for shrinking social base and take remedial steps," Narang said.
(Prashant Sood can be contacted at prashant.s@ians.in)
Recommend

Kareena  Saif wedding bash comes under the EC scannerKareena, Saif bash comes under the EC scanner
By Indo Asian News Service | IANS –  Sat 18 Oct, 2014 9:30 PM IST
Print
Kareena Kapoor and Saif Ali Khan’s second wedding anniversary bash has come under the scanner of the Election Commision. Here's what went wrong.
After a lot of speculations Saif and Kareena are finally getting married. The celebrations began with a Sangeet which was a very private affair. Seen here - the couple arrive for the Sangeet ... more 
After a lot of speculations Saif and Kareena are finally getting married. The celebrations began with a Sangeet which was a very private affair. Seen here - the couple arrive for the Sangeet together.
Yahoo India Celebrity | Photo by Yogen Shah
Mon 15 Oct, 2012 9:30 AM IST
Description Toggle
1 - 17 / 17
For their first anniversary, Saif and Kareena had gone to London. For the second, they had decided to keep it closer to home -in fact they had organized a bash at the Pataudi Palace, which is 25 kms from Gurgaon. What they had failed to take into account was the elections.
The model code of conduct was in force in Haryana as assembly elections were held Oct 15 and the results were to be announced on October 19. The bash, hence officially needed a permission from the Election Commission, which has landed them in an odd position.
The Election Commission (EC) Saturday issued notices to veteran Bollywood star Sharmila Tagore and her son Saif Ali Khan for organising a marriage party in Gurgaon without prior permission, an official said.
Former cricketer Mansoor Ali Khan Pataudi's wife Sharmila and several others have been issued notices for organising the anniversary party of Saif's marriage with Kareena Kapoor on the night of Oct 15-16 at their palace in Pataudi, 26 km from Gurgaon city.
This was the last in the wedding revelry of one of the most awaited unions of tinsel town. The celebrations began with a pre-wedding bash at Kareena's Mumbai residence Sunday, followed by a registered... more 
This was the last in the wedding revelry of one of the most awaited unions of tinsel town. The celebrations began with a pre-wedding bash at Kareena's Mumbai residence Sunday, followed by a registered wedding at Saif's Bandra residence Tuesday afternoon. less 
1 / 22
Description Toggle
1 - 22 / 22
The function also continued on the night of Oct 16-17. Crackers were burst for several hours as loudspeakers blared.
Saif wore a Nehru jacket and Kareena wore a grey top paired with blue jeans when we spotted the couple at the airport
1 / 6
Description Toggle
1 - 6 / 6
"On the directions of Ajai Shankar Pandey, the election observer has issued notice for violating model code of conduct. The sub-divisional magistrate-cum-returning officer of Pataudi has complained to the EC that loudspeakers were used without prior permission during the celebrations. A cocktail party was also organised," official spokesperson R.S. Sangwan told IANS.
The marriage took place at Saif's Bandra home. For her D-day Kareena, 32, wore a green punjabi suit, while 42-year-old Saif chose to dress up in a grey kurta-pyjama.
1 / 9
"The accused have been asked to reply by Oct 21 till 3 p.m.," he said.
Several Bollywood dignitaries, including Kareena's mother Babita Kapoor were present at the party.
The model code of conduct is in force in Haryana as assembly elections were held Oct 15 and counting of votes will take place on Oct 19.
Pataudi is one of the reserved constituency seats in Haryana.
Salman Khan Makes His Ex-Girlfriend Katrina Kaif Angry?
The Kick star Salman Khan has taken many digs in the past. Well, his digs are always funny and in right spirits. However the Barbie doll of Bollywood Katrina Kaif seems to be in no mood these days to take such kind of humor.We all know how Katrina made it to Arpita Khan Sharma’s wedding and even performed there and surprised the bride, but wait there’s more to the story, the Bang Bang girl Katrina was also the laughing stock of the evening.Salman Khan pulled her leg with some sarcastic one …
Shocking! Veena Malik Jailed For 26 Years
Veena Malik has had a good chunk of controversies during her active years in Bollywood. Known to be an unlikely figure in her home country Pakistan, Veena has now slipped into a big trouble with the law on the lines of hurting religious sentiments.The whole story :- Wuthu Jago Pakistan a programme telecast by Geo TV on May 14, showed a mock marriage between Veena Malik and her husband Asad Bashir Khan. ... …
Anita Hassanandani Pairs Up With Salman Khan In Hero Remake
The TV actress Anita Hassanandani who is currently seen in the most popular serial Yeh Hai Mohabbatein is on cloud nine. Of course she is happy with the appreciations she is receiving for the show but this time her happiness is because of Salman Khan.Well, Anita Hassanandani has been roped in for a role in Subhash Ghai’s Hero remake. She will be seen with Salman Khan on the silver screen. Well Anita Hassanandani confirmed the news and said, “”Yes, It’s true. It’s produced by Salman Khan and …
Bollywood Congratulates Riteish Deshmukh And Genelia D’Souza
Bollywood’s most adorable and cute couple Genelia D’Souza and Riteish Deshmukh have now turned parents. Genelia gave birth to a baby boy on 25th, Monday. The proud papa of a son took to twitter to express his happiness and spread the message. Riteish Deshmukh tweeted, “It’s a BBBOOOOYYYYYY!!!!!!!!” and since then Bollywood celebrities are pouring in their good wishes to the new born through twitter. ... …
When Salman Khan Lost His Cool At Sister Arpita Khan’s Wedding
Salman Khan left no stone unturned in giving the best to his darling baby sister Arpita and make her big day to be nothing less than a fairy-tale. Arpita Khan Sharma’s wedding was the talk of the tinsel town throughout and continuous to create buzz eve n after the celebrations have been concluded. It was all glitters and smiles that we have seen, but there was something that was not right and which made Salman Khan furious.Every girl desires to look impeccable on her Wedding day with a perfect …

This Diwali  gift your ears some musicBigg Boss 8
Travel Photo Challenge - Wondrous Waterfalls
There's perhaps no greater inspiration to photographers than the sight of water in motion. The spectacle of a waterfall -- the silvery white torrents of gushing water, the deafening roar as it strikes the ground, the plumes of mist rising like smoke, and the rainbows refracted in its spray -- these images breed poetry in the fecund mind.
When we called for entries to a travel photography series on waterfalls, Yahoo readers responded with great enthusiasm. Here is a selection of the best images picked by our editors. Inspired? Keep submitting your photos!
Are you charmed by waterfalls? Submit your best images to our Flickr group , and we will publish the most inspiring ones in this series! If you have a photo-set, you can also share it with us via Dropbox to travelindiasubmissions@yahoo.in
Kailash Gufa Waterfall in Chhattisgarh, India.

Dia and Sahil are man and wifeTrue heroes who battled cancer
Thu 16 Jun, 2011 5:04 PM IST
Steve Jobs, the visionary who transformed the worlds of personal computing, finally lost his years-long battle with pancreatic cancer. Six years ago, Jobs had talked about how a sense of his mortality was a major driver behind that vision. It takes real courage to swim against the current and smile even when you are writhing in pain. A look at the celebrity figures who showed great grit in their battle against cancer. Meet the real heroes. More » True heroes who battled cancer
Celebrity Pregnancy Cravings
Fri 23 Dec, 2011 2:09 PM IST
From yummy to weird, here's a look at the menu of our pregnant celebs. Read on More » Celebrity Pregnancy Cravings
She can't be 47!
Tue 22 Nov, 2011 1:25 PM IST
Seeing is not believing when it comes to Nandana Sen. It's hard to believe that the 'Rang Rasiya' woman is actually 47 . What makes her special? More » She can't be 47!
Have you seen these pictures
Thu 18 Sep, 2014 5:19 PM IST
Are you ready for a blast from the past. Here are some old pictures - and some new, here is a look at some celeb pictures you should never ever miss More » Have you seen these pictures
Mom-to-be Genelia steps out
Tue 30 Sep, 2014 10:44 AM IST
It has been two years since Genelia and Riteish got married. It was a big fat Bollywood wedding. Now, proud Riteish has made it official. He is going to be a father. More » Mom-to-be Genelia steps out
Bollywood, friends and a Happy Diwali
Tue 21 Oct, 2014 7:43 AM IST
Diwali is a time for celebrations. And Bollywood does it in style. A look at who is visiting whom, who is party hopping.
Dia Mirza : Wedding Diaries
Fri 17 Oct, 2014 7:51 AM IST
Mehendi, Sangeet and an Arya Samaj wedding - Sahil Sangha and Dia Mirza are man and wife. A look at their cute love story. More » Dia Mirza : Wedding Diaries
Filipino TV host Paolo Ballesteros becomes internet star thanks to his incredible celebrity transfor …
Tue 14 Oct, 2014 2:32 PM IST
Proving that makeup is a form of art, Filipino presenter Paolo Ballesteros uses makeup and wigs to transform himself into some of the world's most famous faces. Paolo skillfully highlights and contours himself into stars including Kim Kardashian and Ariana Grande. Check out the pics!
Look whom we spotted with Hrithik Roshan
Mon 13 Oct, 2014 4:06 PM IST
It was dubbed the launch of the year, and it certainly didn't disappoint. A number of A-listers flew into Dubai to attend the grand opening of Cle Dubai, which is Michelin-starred chef Greg Malouf's first venture in the city.
Bollywood star Hrithik Roshan, Victoria's Secret models Alessandra Ambrosio and Irina Shayk, Khloe Kardashian, Paris and Nicky Hilton and Esha Gupta turned out to attend the new restaurant, which offers contemporary Middle Eastern cuisine.
When Gutthi stole the show
Tue 7 Oct, 2014 7:27 AM IST
Gutthi aka Sunil Grover was the showstopper for actor turned designer Mandira Bedi's collection. More » When Gutthi stole the show
Tamanna Bhatia takes up the Swacchh Bharat campaign
Sun 5 Oct, 2014 11:42 AM IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, had a couple of weeks ago launched the Swacchh Bharat campign and nominated Salman Khan. Salman Khan and his team was seen in action cleaning up in Karjat. He were not the only celebrity to take up this mission. Here's a look More » Tamanna Bhatia takes up the Swacchh Bharat campaign
Bollywood gears up to observe Durga Puja
Tue 30 Sep, 2014 3:54 PM IST
Rani Mukherji visits Durga Puja Pandal, Maanyata Dutt keeps a Mata Ki Chowki in her house, here is how Bollywood celebrated Navratri off the screen. More » Bollywood gears up to observe Durga Puja
Spotted: Gauri Khan, Shamita Shetty at Simone Arora’s store launch
Mon 29 Sep, 2014 11:56 AM IST
Simone Arora launched her new store in Mumbai over the weekend and the event saw a bevy of beautiful ladies in addition to her family. Here’s a look at all the celebrities we spotted
Here comes the bride and the groom : George Clooney's wedding weekend
Sun 28 Sep, 2014 8:40 PM IST
George Clooney once said “I won’t marry again” and Barbara Walters asked “How do you know you won’t marry again?” “Because I wasn’t very good at it,’ he replied. Now, years afterwards he has tied the knot with Amal Alamuddin. Here are the first pictures after the wedding. And we have some of the guests who attended too. Take a look More » Here comes the bride and the groom : George Clooney's wedding weekend
Talking point: Here's what our favourite celebs have been talking about
Sat 27 Sep, 2014 11:16 AM IST
Celebs who insured their body parts
Mon 19 Sep, 2011 4:19 PM IST
German supermodel Heidi Klum has had her legs insured for $2 million. Learn more about other celebs who have insured their body parts. Photos More » Celebs who insured their body parts
How old do you think these celebrity moms are?
Fri 26 Sep, 2014 3:29 PM IST
If we are to tell you that Aishwarya, Shilpa and Malaika are older than 35, would you believe us? The other age defying beauties. More » How old do you think these celebrity moms are?
Tue 23 Sep, 2014 4:00 PM IST
Celebrity weddings present some amusing moments. Candid shots, tender moments, shared togetherness. Take a look
Who has the best lips in Bollywood?
Sun 18 Sep, 2011 3:54 PM IST
What do you prefer? Katrina and Kangna's (fake) pout or the fuller natural lips of Kareena and Madhuri? Take a look More » Who has the best lips in Bollywood?
Celebrity pets
Tue 16 Sep, 2014 5:30 PM IST
Paris Hilton has gotten a new pooch for herself, which reportedly is said to be the world's smallest Pomeranian, and could even fit in a purse for $13,000. And she isn't the only one with pets. Bill Clinton, had a cat; and MJ had a pet snake! These celebrity pets are as famous as their masters. Take a look More » Celebrity pets
Today on Yahoo

FIPB to take up 48 foreign investment proposals on 21 OctoberFIPB to take up 48 foreign investment proposals on 21 October
Pharma proposals including those of Lupin, Sanofi- Synthelabo and Sun Pharma to come up for consideration
NDA outlines blueprint for energy security
HDFC Bank’s proposal for increasing the foreign holding in the bank to 67.55% from 49% also to be considered by the FIPB. Photo: Pradeep Gaur/Mint
New Delhi: With the government on a fast-track to lure foreign investments, Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB) will consider as many as 48 foreign direct investment (FDI) proposals, including that of the HDFC Bank and about a dozen from the pharma sector, at its meeting on 21 October.
Pharma proposals including those of Lupin, Sanofi- Synthelabo and Sun Pharma will come up for consideration in the meeting to be chaired by the economic affairs secretary.
Besides, investment applications of major companies such as Holcim, Today Magazines Lifestyle and Montblanc Services will be taken up by the FIPB. The proposals of Punj Lloyd and IdeaForge Technology pertain to FDI in the defence sector, while that of Keppel Puravankara Development is for the real estate space.
HDFC Bank’s proposal for increasing the foreign holding in the bank to 67.55% from 49% has been pending before the FIPB since late last year. The department of economic affairs and the department of industrial policy and promotion (DIPP) are of view that promoter HDFC Ltd’s 22.56% stake in HDFC Bank is already a foreign investment. Hence, if the proposal of the bank to raise foreign investment to 67.55% is accepted, it would exceed the cap of 74%, after taking into account parent HDFC Ltd’s stake.
Foreign entities, including foreign institutional investors (FIIs), hold more than 77.36% in HDFC Ltd, while the foreign holding in a bank cannot exceed 74% as per the existing norms.
At the end of June, foreign institutional investment in HDFC Bank was 33.93%, according to BSE data. Further, foreign investors hold another 16.90% shares through American depositary receipts (ADRs) and global depository receipts (GDRs). If the promoter’s (HDFC Ltd) stake of 22.56% is deemed to be foreign, then the total of the above mentioned three categories would take foreign investment to over 74%.
FDI, FII, NRI holding, ADR/GDR, convertible preference shares, foreign currency convertible bonds are treated as foreign investment under the FDI policy. Investments by HDFC Ltd and associate companies, in HDFC Bank were made before 2009, when the government came out with norms to calculate the level of foreign investment in companies.

Is Virgin s Richard Branson the best boss ever  or an eccentricVirgin founder Richard Branson Michael Buckner—Getty Images
Is Virgin's Richard Branson the best boss ever, or an eccentric?
Richard Branson, the chairman and founder of Virgin Group, said on his website Tuesday that he’s giving his whole personal staff unlimited vacation days.
Branson’s staff of almost 200 can “take off whenever they want for as long as they want,” the executive said on his website , adding that employees don’t need to ask for approval, nor are their managers requested to keep track of their days away from work.
Employees can take however much time off from work they choose, “the assumption being that they are only going to do it when they feel a hundred per cent comfortable that they and their team are up to date on every project and that their absence will not in any way damage the business,” Branson said.
The flexible hours employees were working both in the office and at home already make it hard to track how many hours they’re working anyway, Branson said.
The Financial Times reported that the new rules apply to around 170 staff at the Virgin head offices in the U.K. and U.S., whereas the 50,000 employees of the larger Virgin Group won’t enjoy the same policy — though Branson said in his note if it’s successful, he’ll encourage Virgin’s subsidiaries to adopt the policy as well.
Branson said he was inspired by Netflix, the video-streaming service, which has a similar policy.

Samsung Should Avoid Apple EnvySamsung Should Avoid Apple Envy
45
By Katie Benner
When Samsung Electronics Co.’s stock hit a two-year low this week, the message seemed loud and clear: The South Korean conglomerate's vaunted mobile business looked weak.
There's likely some more pain to come for Samsung: Slowing sales and profit growth that started last year could worsen amid competition from Apple Inc. at the high end of the mobile market and a slew of Chinese makers at the low. And there’s a sense that Samsung makes big, functional products -- not devices that consumers lust after for their beauty and design. People love their Galaxy phones and tablets, but few of them sleep on cardboard boxes outside a Best Buy to get the latest models.
So how much does this matter to a company that owns oil refineries, an aerospace division and chemical manufacturing operations -- a company that’s a major chip manufacturer, one of the world’s largest electronics makers and accounts for nearly a fifth of South Korea’s gross domestic product?
Mobile is, indeed, a mighty revenue driver for Samsung. Mobile devices made up about 56 percent of the company’s sales in the first half of this year (down from 59 percent when the company reported annual revenue of $217 billion last year ).
Even so, there shouldn’t be such doom and gloom surrounding Samsung's prospects. Some savvy investors have started snapping up its shares because they believe the selloff was too severe and that other divisions in the company -- such as semiconductors -- are still growing.
Perhaps the most important thing to consider is that Samsung's mobile fortunes say more about the inevitable trajectory of the handset market worldwide than it does about Samsung’s future as an electronics juggernaut.
If you take a quick spin through the 70-plus years of its corporate history, you’ll notice that at various times Samsung dominated home appliances, microwaves ( science oven! ) and, eventually, televisions. When those businesses slowed down, Samsung opened its wallet, spending on research and development that allowed it to dominate mobile and smartphone markets. (A gentle reminder: Samsung still has the largest share of smartphone sales in the world. And it still sells us lots and lots of refrigerators .)
A Bloomberg Businessweek profile of Samsung last year surfaced the peculiar culture of paranoia, destruction and regeneration that allows the company to move so deliberately into new areas. Wisdom from Samsung Chairman Lee Kun Hee included this nugget: “Change everything but your wife and children.”
A failure to embrace and properly manage radical change has challenged (and sometimes unwound) companies as diverse as U.S. Steel Corp., Eastman Kodak Co., Microsoft Corp. and the entire print media business. It’s one of the hardest things for big companies to do, and Samsung has managed to do it a whole bunch of times.
While Samsung's mobile numbers aren’t good and it's expected to spend tremendous amounts on marketing to just hang on to what it already has in the smartphone business, there are other places to look when divining the company's future.
Samsung is spending more than twice as much as Amazon.com Inc., Apple, Intel Corp., Google Inc. and Microsoft on new plants and equipment. It has a massive $14 billion R&D budget (Apple only spends $4.5 billion), and it has a plan to spend liberally to create battery and medical-device technologies. Samsung is also working on energy-efficient technologies and connected-home hardware in research labs around the world.
Mobile devices and the rise of mobility itself still dominate a lot of tech conversations, and the mobile-phone market is supposed to grow by about 7 percent this year. But how long will the boom continue? Samsung says that worldwide penetration of the gadgets is supposed to reach about 74 percent in 2014. Research company eMarketer Inc. says that growth in the smartphone market will slow each year from 2014 to 2018.
Sooner, rather than later, saturation paired with the ongoing commoditization of most handhelds will mean that mobile-phone growth might go the way of the personal computer and the science oven. Samsung’s stagnation in mobile will likely mirror those trends, but that's not a reason to write off the company's broader prospects.
If you want to take Samsung to task for anything in its mobile unit that has implications for the company as a whole, perhaps it's best to focus on what I can only describe as "Apple envy." Samsung wants to be just as sexy and just as innovative as its wily competitor in Cupertino, California, and it knows that it's not. It seems destined to be a step behind, in part because focusing on fashion, design and sex appeal isn’t in Samsung's DNA.
So let’s hope that as Samsung comes to terms with the recent downturn in its mobile fortunes, it continues to do what it does best: focusing its ample resources and its willingness to gamble on new businesses that promise to deliver rich revenue streams. It doesn't need to be Apple to do that.
To contact the writer of this article: Katie Benner at kbenner2@bloomberg.net.
To contact the editor responsible for this article: Timothy L. O'Brien at tobrien46@bloomberg.net.
Katie Benner is a Bloomberg View columnist who writes about technology, innovation, and the cult and culture of Silicon Valley. She lives in San Francisco. Read more.

Ritholtz s Reads: Introducing the New Bull MarketRitholtz's Reads: Introducing the New Bull Market
Sept 25, 2014 9:44 AM EDT
Happy New Year! I am out atoning for my sins -- of which there are many -- but I still managed to put together these morning reads for you:
Equity Versus Assets ( Crossing Wall Street ) see also Warren Buffett Is Right to Hate Gold ( Pragmatic Capital )
Michael Lewis: Occupational Hazards of Working on Wall Street ( Bloomberg View )
Why The U.S. Dollar Is in a New Bull Market ( Ryan Detrick ) see also The Dollar Rally May Have a Long Way to Run ( Barron’s )
Investing: Sell! Sell! Sell! ( USA Today )
Here’s What Will Happen to Stocks Before and After Rates Rise ( Marketwatch )
'Maximizing Shareholder Value' Is a Managerial Choice -- Not a Legal Obligation. ( Enterprising Investor )
Why the Rockefellers Rejected Big Oil ( The Daily Beast )
The Rule of Law is Vastly Under-Priced ( Cassandra Does Tokyo )
The 'Everybody Loves Raymond' Effect: Why TV Gets Marriage All Wrong ( Salon )
Snap Out of It ( NYT )
What are you reading?

Indian Economy Set on Recovery Path: NomuraYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Indian Economy Set on Recovery Path: Nomura
Published On:                  October 17, 2014                 | Duration: 20 min, 16 sec

Krugman Sees  Flashing Warnings  Of Depression And Deflationkrugman sees  flashing warnings  of depression and deflation
Diesel Deregulation to Positively Impact Bottomline: IOCYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Diesel Deregulation to Positively Impact Bottomline: IOC
Published On:                  October 20, 2014                 | Duration: 12 min, 13 sec

Coal Reforms Needed for Manufacturing Growth: Yes BankYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Coal Reforms Needed for Manufacturing Growth: Yes Bank
Published On:                  October 20, 2014                 | Duration: 17 min, 39 sec
Tweet
Yes Bank’s chief economist Shubada Rao says coal reforms are essential to revive manufacturing. The last two years manufacturing sector hardly grew, one of the reasons cited was power outages, she said. Coal generates more than half of India's power.

Dallas Love Field Reboot Launches Airfare WarEmail
Harriet Baskas / for TODAY
Pillows spelling out LOVE were part of the celebrations marking the lifting of the Wright Amendment at Dallas Love Field on Monday, October 13.
There’s plenty for deal-seeking passengers to love about the recent expiration of the Wright Amendment at Dallas Love Field.
Enacted in 1980, the federal rule hoped to foster growth at the then-still-new Dallas/Ft. Worth International Airport by, among other things, banning long-haul flights from originating at the older and smaller Love Field, just 20 miles away.
For years, flights from Love Field could only land at other Texas cities, although the rule was later relaxed to allow non-stop flights to states bordering Texas, including New Mexico, Oklahoma, Louisiana and Arkansas.
But as of last week, long-haul flights to anywhere from Love Field are allowed. That means “more competition, more choices and, inevitably, better fares for travelers heading to and from Dallas,” said Henry Harteveldt, a travel industry analyst with Atmosphere Research.
On the competition and choices front, the change was immediate: last Monday, Southwest Airlines launched seven long-distance routes from Love Field (to Denver, Chicago Midway, Baltimore, Washington (DCA), Las Vegas, Los Angeles and Orlando.) Eight more destinations will be added in November and two more in January 2015.
“After 43 years, when it comes to Southwest and Love, we ain’t no Virgin,” said Southwest CEO and Chairman Gary Kelly, referencing Virgin America’s Monday switchover of service from DFW to Love Field.
FareCompare
Virgin America now offers three daily nonstop flights from DAL to DCA, LAX and SFO, and starting October 28th, it will have four daily nonstop from DAL to New York's LaGuardia Airport.  
“I have enormous respect for Southwest,” said Virgin Group Founder Richard Branson after Virgin America’s Monday first flight to Love Field, “but we’ll give them a run for the money.”
United Airlines, which operates two of Love Field’s 20 gates, has plans to add additional flights as well. “We successfully compete with Southwest and Virgin America on routes across the country and welcome the competition,” at Love Field, said United Airlines spokeswoman Mary Clark.
All this competition should translate into great deals for passengers at Love Field and at DFW, where American Airlines will likely match any fare cuts on competing route.
At least for a while.
The window for using the celebratory discount codes and booking the kick-off sale fares on both Virgin America and Southwest have already expired. But going forward, “airfares will drop on average from 5 percent to 20 percent from both airports on competing routes,” said Rick Seaney, CEO and co-founder of Fare Compare.
Data compiled by FareCompare shows average roundtrip fares (purchased 30 days in advance) between Love Field and BWI were $255 before full repeal of the Wright Amendment and $201 after. Flights to LAX also dropped, from an average of $285 to $259 and, from $378 to $206 between Love Field and DCA.
“The marketing departments and American, Virgin America & Southwest are going to wage weekly skirmishes on all their new nonstop routes from Love Field for at least 8 months, until summer hits,” said Seaney, who predicts the airlines will soon start tossing in loyalty bonuses on the new routes as well.  
Tags:

Feder: ABC 7 has sunny forecast for Cheryl ScottBreak in the weather: ABC 7 has sunny forecast for Cheryl Scott
posted on
Tweet
Cheryl Scott
Cheryl Scott, the hottest free agent in Chicago media, is close to accepting an offer from WLS-Channel 7, where she eventually would succeed Jerry Taft as the ABC-owned station’s top meteorologist, sources said.
Finalizing the deal has been delayed by Scott’s former employer, WMAQ-Channel 5, which could exercise its right to match ABC 7’s offer, raising the slim possibility that she would return to the NBC-owned station. But insiders said they don’t expect that to happen.
Scott, 29, signed off last month after three years as weekend meteorologist at NBC 5. She chose not to accept a renewal offer in order to explore other options. “The interest in Cheryl on both a network and local level is very high,” her agent, Chicago-based attorney Andrew Stroth, said at the time.
Stroth declined to comment Monday. Scott was unavailable, but tweeted: “It’s a new day and the sun is shining.”
Sources said ABC 7 has offered Scott a three-year contract that eventually would elevate her to the station’s top-rated 10 p.m. Monday-through-Friday newscast.
Jerry Taft
Taft, 70, has not announced plans to cut back his duties at ABC 7, where he’s been chief meteorologist for 30 years. But the station has been focusing on the future of its weather front since late last year when it commissioned a market research study that asked participants such questions as: “If Jerry Taft were no longer one of the weathercasters on ABC 7 News – WLS, how much more or less often would you watch the local news on ABC 7 News – WLS?”
John Idler, president and general manager of ABC 7, noted that the SmithGeiger survey also inquired about other meteorologists, including Tracy Butler, Mike Caplan and Phil Schwarz. “We’re always looking for ways to improve our product and serve our viewers,” Idler said at the time.
Despite Scott’s emotional on-air farewell September 14, NBC 5 bosses kept the door open for her to return and step up to a Monday-through-Friday position. The hiring of Byron Miranda as meteorologist for the station’s 11 a.m. weekday newscast coincided with word of Scott’s departure but would have occurred even if she had stayed, according to insiders.
If Scott went back to NBC 5, it would not be to replace chief meteorologist Brant Miller, who’s secure on the 10 p.m. newscast, or Andy Avalos, longtime morning meteorologist.
Sources familiar with Scott’s NBC 5 contract said the station retains the right to match the financial terms of other offers for six months. After March 2015, she would be free to accept employment elsewhere with no strings attached.
PREVIOUS POST

Whole Foods Desperately Wants Customers to Feel Warm and Fuzzy AgainScreenshot from YouTube .
Whole Foods has a national branding problem. Once synonymous with “healthy” and “organic,” Whole Foods has lately been derided for high prices and quackery . Its grip on natural has slipped as new competitors—most formidably Walmart —have stocked their shelves with organic foodstuffs for a fraction of its costs. The formerly elusive bag of high-quality quinoa has become, for Whole Foods, horrifyingly ubiquitous.
How do you fix a national branding problem? With a national branding campaign, which is what Whole Foods announced on Monday. Headlined “Values Matter,” the campaign is designed to restore customers’ faith in Whole Foods values in two senses: its prices and its ethics. “Not everyone knows what makes Whole Foods different from other grocers,” Jeannine D’Addario, global vice president of communications at Whole Foods, said in a statement . “This campaign will distinguish what makes our brand special, our food different, and our quality superior.”
Advertisement
The campaign features 22 video ads, which were uploaded to YouTube in a “Values Matter” playlist between Friday and Monday. Two 31-second ads are marked as TV commercials—one for produce (above) and one for beef (below). They play heavily to the sustainability-conscious, emphasizing that Whole Foods produce is “ grown locally on over 1,000 U.S. farms ” and its beef is “ from cattle who’ve had room to roam .” Inspirational string music hums in the background and the sun glistens on workers picking vegetables and a herd of cattle striding through fog. “Whole Foods Market: America’s healthiest grocery store,” the ads conclude.
Top Comment
The problem with WF is that the cat is already out of the bag.   More...
-Khalil
Join In
Whole Foods hasn’t disclosed how much it spent on the campaign, but the New York Times reports that the budget is estimated between $15 million and $20 million. In previous advertising sprees, the store has spent less and focused on promoting specific products or marketing to local and regional customers. Since 2008, Whole Foods has spent between $4 million and $8.4 million on advertising each year. Its latest campaign targets people ages 25 to 49, the company said, and will run through winter 2015. It also seems geared to high-end consumers—print ads will appear in Bloomberg Businessweek, Rolling Stone, and the Times, among other publications. In presumably another effort to appeal to that demographic, Whole Foods also said Monday it will begin accepting Apple Pay .
Whole Foods, in other words, is not trying to radically expand its consumer base with this new campaign. It probably knows that it will never be able to compete with the likes of Walmart in increasing affordability and access to organic foods, so it’s not really trying to. What Whole Foods thinks it can do better than Walmart is values—of the ethical kind. “We’re trying to advertise who we are. We’re trying to change what we think is a negative narrative about our company,” co-CEO John Mackey told investors in July. What remains to be seen is whether that will be enough to win frustrated and disillusioned customers over again.
Alison Griswold is a Slate staff writer covering business and economics.

Apple: Still Enormously ProfitableTim Cook, about to be swallowed by money.
Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images
I'm starting to the think that the relationship between U2 and Apple is more than a misbegotten co-branding exercise—there's pretty clearly a deep spiritual simpatico at play. Youthful icons of the 1980s who had some '90s-era hiccups before a turn-of-the-millennium revival, they've both settled into a groove as dull but enormously lucrative enterprises. U2 keeps cranking out forgettable albums and enormously successful tours . Apple continues tweaking its iPhones and iPads, then watches the money pour in.
Jordan Weissmann
Jordan Weissmann is Slate's senior business and economics correspondent.
Today, the company announced its fourth-quarter earnings , which were robust as usual. The company earned $42.12 billion , beating expectations and up 12 percent year over year. IPhone sales keep rising, while iPad sales are slumping. Business Insider notes, meanwhile, that the Mac, "is the surprise of the quarter. Apple sold more Macs this quarter than any other quarter in its history." Chances are, the iPad and Mac stories are related. The Wall Street Journal suggests tablet sales are getting "squeezed" as laptops get ever thinner and smartphones evolve into phablets. (Ugh, that word.) So maybe the PC isn't dead, as long as it has an Apple logo somewhere on it.
Advertisement
(How much money is $42 billion? Well, it's roughly the annual gross domestic product of Luxembourg . Price Waterhouse Cooper estimates that the entire North American sports market was worth $53.6 billion in 2012 .)
Of course, questions always hover over Apple's continued dominance. Can it continue to expand in China? Its sales grew just 1 percent year over year in that all-important country, though management says it's still " bullish " on the market. And what about its famously thick margins? Apple's have remained incredibly healthy, while its chief rival, Samsung, has seen its profits erode due to competition from inexpensive Chinese handset makers. Can Apple float above that fray forever?
And what of Apple Pay? The company just launched the mobile payment system, which allows users to pay for merchandise with a wave of their phone at the checkout counter. Apple has been promoting the app's convenience—no need to fumble with those pesky credit cards!—but its data security features may prove to be the real sell. Should that happen, it has "the potential to grow into a whole transactions empire for the company," as my colleague Lily Hay Newman put it.
But for now, Apple is still a reliable behemoth that makes little hand computers that lots and lots of people want to buy. And thankfully, its new phones still get better reviews than U2's albums.

Chipotles Magical Burrito Empire Keeps Growing  Might Be Slowing$2.30 for guac? Not a problem.
Photo by Joe Raedle/Getty Images
Chipotle is no longer cheap. In New York City, a nationwide hike in menu prices means that a chicken burrito costs $8.27, a steak burrito $8.96, and a carnitas burrito $8.73. Want guacamole? That will be another $2.30. But so far, Chipotle consumers have yet to blink.
That's the takeaway from Chipotle's third-quarter earnings, which it reported Monday afternoon . Sales at restaurants jumped 19.8 percent over the same period the prior year on increased foot traffic, and profit soared 56.9 percent to $130.8 million. The company's operating margin came in at 28.8 percent. For the sake of comparison, comparable sales were flat at McDonald's in the second quarter and profit declined 1 percent. At Yum Brands' KFC, Pizza Hut, and Taco Bell, sales fluctuated in both directions by a few percentage points in the third quarter and the highest margin (at Taco Bell) was 20.7 percent.
Advertisement
"We are extremely pleased with our performance for the third quarter," Chipotle CEO Steve Ells said in the earnings release. "Recent industry trends suggest the Chipotle model is resonating with customers, who are realizing there are better alternatives to traditional fast food." That model—"fast casual"—is often described as the sweet spot of the dining world: to provide the ambience and food quality of a casual sit-down restaurant while maintaining the quick service of a fast-food establishment. "This formula has worked extremely well for us since the beginning—and others are starting to notice," Ells said on the company's earnings call. In a July ranking of 65 fast-food and fast-casual restaurants by around 32,000 customers, Ells said Chipotle topped the list. Chipotle has also built strong consumer loyalty , keeping people coming even as menu prices climbed higher.
Despite the strong results, shares of Chipotle dropped a little more than 4 percent after the bell on a conservative sales forecast for 2015. Unlike the double-digit growth of the last quarter, Chipotle said it expects "low to mid-single digit" sales growth at restaurants in the following year. And some good news for customers: At least for now, Chipotle executives aren't planning another menu price hike in 2015. Guacamole for everyone!
Alison Griswold is a Slate staff writer covering business and economics.

overtaking the US as worlds biggest economyAbout this blog
Blog guide
Welcome. FT data is a collaborative effort from journalists across the FT working in data journalism, statistics and data visualisation.
We aim to look at statistical issues in depth and provide original analysis of data. Occasionally we’ll also post guest contributions. Get in touch at ftdata@ft.com

10% of flights out of Heathrow already cancelledHeathrow has said about 10% of flights will be cancelled on Tuesday, as strong winds are expected when the remnants of Hurricane Gonzalo hit the UK.
Flights with the 20 biggest carriers would be affected, it said.
British Airways (BA) said it had cancelled flights on Tuesday ahead of the expected severe weather.
The remains of the hurricane are predicted to bring heavy rain and gusts of up to 75mph in some areas, causing disruption to rush-hour travel.
The Met Office has issued "be aware" warnings , with gales forecast for much of the UK, while BBC Weather said heavy rain was already spreading across many areas.
The Met Office said the strongest winds were expected "after the rain clears and winds veer north-westerly through Tuesday morning".
Gonzalo caused widespread damage and a power blackout when it hit the island of Bermuda last week, with winds of up to 110mph.
'Uncertainty'
The Met Office said the strongest winds would "coincide with the morning rush hour in places".
A Heathrow spokesman said: "There will be some cancellations, around 10% of flights are affected at Heathrow.
"We do not know exactly how many passengers or flights that will have an impact on, although the cancellations are only expected for tomorrow [Tuesday]."
Much of the UK, including Blackpool (pictured), is bracing itself for stormy weather
BA said the "tail end" of the hurricane was "very likely to affect some flights in the UK and northern Europe throughout Tuesday".
It agreed to change its schedule after a request from Heathrow and the National Air Traffic Services.
"The forecast of poor weather has meant that, along with other airlines at Heathrow, we have made some proactive flight cancellations to give customers as much time as possible to be rebooked onto alternative flights," a spokesman said.
"We are sorry for any difficulties caused by the poor weather and will do all we can to minimise the effect it has on our operations."
Travellers are urged to check online to see if their flights were affected.
The hurricane caused power cuts to more than 30,000 homes when it passed through Bermuda last week
The Met Office said the remains of Gonzalo would "run eastwards across the Atlantic", bringing a period of strong winds and heavy rain to the UK.
"The strongest winds are expected on Tuesday as the low pressure clears eastwards," it said.
Forecasters added that fallen leaves could impede drainage, increasing the risk of surface water on roads and causing difficult driving conditions.
But the Met Office also said that such weather was not unusual for this time of year.
The yellow warning for high winds is in place for: Highlands & Eilean Siar; Orkney and Shetland; Grampian; Strathclyde; south-west Scotland; Lothian and Borders; Tayside and Fife; Northern Ireland; Wales; north-west and north-west England; Yorkshire and Humber; West Midlands; East Midlands; eastern England; south-west England; London and south-east England.
More on This Story

Beyondbrics: guide to Chinas dataSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Links: China growth  Europe recessionThe Federal Reserve had a message for banks Monday: Shape up or risk being broken into smaller, more manageable pieces.
IBM’s success in recent years has been more a case of financial engineering, powered by stock buybacks , than actual performance. The company spent more than $12 billion buying its own shares in the first six months of this year.
Do travel bans help stop the spread of diseases like Ebola? Apparently not.
Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella got a pay package worth $84 million for the company’s latest fiscal year, about 11 times what he made the previous year .
Fun after the market closes: Broadcom ( BRCM ), Discover Financial Services ( DFS ), E-Trade ( ETFC ), Nabors ( NBR ), and Yahoo! ( YHOO ) all report earnings today after the market closes.
The Internet of things has reached the vineyard , and the results are delicious.
 

